Beneficial effects of green banana biomass consumption in patients with pre-diabetes and type 2 diabetes: a randomised controlled trial$$$ Diabetes mellitus is a global epidemic, characterised as a heterogeneous group of metabolic disorders associated with high risk of CVD. Green banana biomass, which is composed of resistant starches (RS) and cannot be hydrolysed by amylases, delays gastric emptying and modulates insulin sensitivity, thus contributing to improve metabolic disorders. The aim of the present study was to investigate the effects of consumption of RS from green banana biomass on body composition, fasting plasma glucose, glycated Hb (HbA1c) and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance in subjects with pre‐diabetes or type 2 diabetes on top of treatment. Middle‐aged subjects (n 113) of both sexes with pre‐diabetes (HbA1c: 5·7‐6·4 %) or diabetes (HbA1c ≥ 6·5 %) were randomised to receive nutritional support plus green banana biomass (40 g) (RS: approximately 4·5 g, G1, n 62) or diet alone (G2, n 51) for 24 weeks. Body composition, biochemical analyses and dietary intake were evaluated at the beginning and end of the study. In the experimental group (G1), consumption of RS was associated with reduction in HbA1c (P = 0·0001), fasting glucose (P = 0·021), diastolic blood pressure (P = 0·010), body weight (P = 0·002), BMI (P = 0·006), waist and hip circumferences (P < 0·01), fat mass percentage (P = 0·001) and increase in lean mass percentage (P = 0·011). In controls (G2), reductions were observed in waist and hip circumferences (P < 0·01), HbA1c (P = 0·002) and high‐density lipoprotein‐cholesterol (P = 0·020). In pre‐diabetes or diabetes, non‐significant differences were observed in the percentage reduction in HbA1c and fasting glucose in exploratory analyses. Our results indicate that the consumption of bioactive starches is a good dietary strategy to improve metabolic control and body composition.
Randomized Clinical trial on DiabetEaze Powder to demonstrate its role in the clinical and nutritional Management of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Pre-Diabetes$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: DiabetEaze: DiabetEaze Powder is a poly herbal nutraceutical supplement contains Curcuma longa, Emblica officinalis, Strychnos potatorum, Salacia reticulata, Carum carvi, Mimosa pudica, Moringa oleifera, Tinospora cordifolia, Andrographis paniculate, Artocarpus heterophyllus, Eleusine coracana, Hordeum vulgare, Anacardium occidentale and Theobroma cacao used for the clinical and nutritional management of Pre‐Diabetes and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus. Further, it is aimed to reduce complications and to improve quality of life in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus. Therapeutic dose: 10 g/day [5g twice daily] along with milk or water.THe minimum duration of treatment is for 6 months . As it is a herbal nutritional supplement it can be used as regular diet plan. The duration of the study is for two years Control Intervention1: Not applicable: Not applicable CONDITION: Health Condition 1: E11‐ Type 2 diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Clinical Nutritional Assessment of DiabetEaze Powder in Type 2 DM,To assess the variation in Quality of Life in terms of direct symptoms, To assess the role of DiabetEaze Powder in managing nutritional inadequacy in DMTimepoint: Baseline, day 90, day 180 , day 365, day 545 and day 730 SECONDARY OUTCOME: Assessment of hypoglycaemic effect of DiabetEaze Powder. $$$ Assessment of effect of DiabetEaze Powder in Pre‐Diabetes. $$$ Assessment of reduction in complications. $$$ Timepoint: Baseline, day 90, day 180 , day 365, day 545 and day 730 INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1.Willing to sign consent form. 2.Men and Women aged 40 years or greater and not older than 65 years. 3.Subjects with clinical evidence of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus. 4.Subjects of Pre‐Diabetes with HbA1c range between 5.7% and 6.4% and/or OGTT range between 140 mg/dl and 199 mg/dl.
Effect of life style intervention on muscle quality in pre diabetic Indians$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Resistance exercise group: Resistance exercise (3 days per week on alternative day) with dietary counseling and 30 minutes of walk 5 days per week Intervention2: Resistance exercise with milk (whey) protein group: Resistance exercise (3 days per week on alternative day) with milk (whey) protein consumption with dietary counseling and 30 minutes walking for 5 days per week Control Intervention1: Standard care group: Standard of care‐ which includes dietary counseling (healthy eating) along with 30 minutes of walking 5 days per week CONDITION: Individuals with borderline high blood sugar (Pre diabetics) between 18 and 60 years of age, BMI between 18.5‐30kg/m2, with the ability to exercise and milk protein (whey)consumption. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Muscle quality (muscle mass/muscle function) in prediabetic‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Pre (baseline) and Post intervention (12 weeks) SECONDARY OUTCOME: Beta cell function, insulin sensitivity and indices indicative of muscle metabolic health (muscle fibre type, intra‐myocellular fat content, oxidative capacity and capillary density) of Prediabetic Indian (18‐60 years)‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Pre and Post(12 weeks) interevention. INCLUSION CRITERIA: BMI range 18.5 to 30 kg/m2, Prediabetic‐ FBS: 100‐125 mg/dl, PPBS: 140‐199mg/dl, HbA1C: 5.7‐6.4
African Traditional Fermented Foods and Pre-diabetes$$$ INTERVENTION: Fermented milk Fermented porridge Lifestyle modification counselling CONDITION: $$$ Nutritional, Metabolic, Endocrine Nutritional, Metabolic, Endocrine PRIMARY OUTCOME: Change in plasma glycated haemoglobin levels SECONDARY OUTCOME: Adverse events arising due to consumption of African Traditional Fermented Foods Change in levels of inflammatory marker C reactive protein Change in lipid metabolism profile Change in plasma glucose levels Change in waist circumference Change in weight INCLUSION CRITERIA: Both male and female individuals aged 18 – 65 years and above who are suffering from clinically diagnosed pre‐diabetes (diagnosed less than 6 months ago), defined as HbA1c between 5.7% and 6.4%, who have sought clinic services at the selected AKU‐outreach facility for at least 3 visits (including seeking services for separate reasons other than pre‐diabetes for the purpose of ascertaining affiliation in an effort to minimize loss to follow).
Food habit and risk of pre diabetes and type2 diabetes among the meiteis of manipur, india$$$ Background: The eating pattern and types of food consumption are associated with the risk of type 2 diabetes. The present study aims at finding out the association between the types of food consumption and prevalence of type 2 diabetes among the Meiteis of Manipur, India. Methods: A total of randomly selected 1026 Meitei subjects which include both sexes (25 to 65 yrs.) from Five valley districts of Manipur were tested for fasting blood glucose levels using AccuCheck Active Glucometer. Each and individual was personally interviewed for dietary assessment. Result: Among the studied population, the most commonly consumed food items for breakfast is deep fry pooris (20.66%), while 46.39% go for an early meal skipping their breakfast though no significant difference is observed between breakfast eaters and non‐eaters. Considering the meals, though consumption of mixed white rice was found higher (51.4%) than the consumption of Meitei indigenous white rice (48.6%), the prevalence of pre‐diabetic 40.5% and diabetic 16.0% was found significantly higher among the Meitei indigenous white rice eaters. Conclusion: There is an increased risk of pre‐diabetic and diabetic. Therefore, it is recommended that people should eat mixed white rice to reduce the risk of type 2 diabetes.
Effect of a low dose whey/guar preload on glycemic control in people with type 2 diabetes--a randomised controlled trial$$$ OBJECTIVE: Large preloads of protein and fat have been shown to lower glucose after a carbohydrate‐rich meal in people with type 2 diabetes but add a considerable energy burden. Low calorie preloads [<5% of daily energy intake] have been tested in this study in people with prediabetes and with type 2 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This was an unblinded randomised crossover study with two placebo days and two active treatment days. Glucose was measured for 3 hours with fingerprick samples as well as continuous glucose monitoring [CGMS]. Twenty‐four subjects with pre‐diabetes or moderately controlled type 2 diabetes [fasting glucose < 10 and HbA1c < 8.5%] were recruited. The preload contained 17 g whey protein plus 3 g lactose and 5 g guar, and 1 g flavour material [including sucralose] dissolved in 150 ml cold water or 150 ml cold water with no additives. The breakfast test meal consisted of 2 slices of bread, margarine and jam [3 slices for men] with the test drink 15 minutes beforehand. RESULTS: Peak fingerprick glucose was reduced by 2.1 mmol/L at 45 min [p < 0.0001]. Average fingerprick glucose over 3 hours was reduced by 0.8 mmol/L [p = 0.0003]. There was no difference between those with diabetes or prediabetes or those on medication or not on medication. CONCLUSIONS: An 80 kcal whey protein/fibre preload can lower average glucose over 3 hours by 0.8 mmol/L. If used long term before at least two carbohydrate‐rich meals/day this preload could lower HbA1c by up to 1%. TRIAL REGISTRATION: The trial was registered with the Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry number ACTRN12612001251819.
Effects of a small protein and lipid preload on oral glucose tolerance in subjects with normal and impaired glucose tolerance$$$ Background and aims: In normal subjects, a protein preload has been shown to reduce the AUC of plasma glucose following glucose ingestion by reducing hepatic insulin extraction. In type 2 diabetic patients, a preload of either proteins or lipids has been shown to improve the plasma glucose response to carbohydrate ingestion by slowing gastric emptying and stimulating GLP‐1 release. In those studies, the preload was either oil or a protein formula, neither glucose fluxes nor insulin sensitivity or ß‐cell function were evaluated and the degree of glucose intolerance was not taken into account. Our aim was to evaluate the effects on glucose fluxes, insulin secretion and peripheral insulin sensitivity of a small mixed protein/lipid preload in subjects with normal (NGT) and impaired (IGT) glucose tolerance. Materials and methods: Twenty‐five volunteers (12 NGT and 13 IGT) were enrolled (13 males, age 38±3 years, BMI 25.7±1.0 kg/m2). On two separate days, after an overnight fast, subjects were randomised to a preload of either 500 ml of water (control) or Parmesan cheese (50 g) plus a boiled egg with 300 ml of water$$$ 30 min later, they underwent a standard 75 g OGTT. Timed arterialised blood samples were collected to measure plasma glucose, insulin, C‐peptide, GLP‐1, GIP, glucagon, NEFA and pancreatic polypeptide (PP). Two stable glucose tracers were administered ([6,6‐2H2]glucose i.v. and [U‐13C]glucose per os) to measure ingested glucose appearance (RaO) and endogenous glucose production (RaE). Three major components of ß‐cell function, namely ß‐cell glucose sensitivity (ßGS), rate sensitivity (ßRS) and potentiation (POT) were evaluated by modeling insulin secretion (estimated from C‐peptide deconvolution) and plasma glucose values according to Mari and Ferrannini. Insulin sensitivity was estimated using the OGIS method and AUC of glucose clearance. Results: In healthy subjects, the mixed protein/lipid preload decreased plasma glucose peak levels at 60 min into the OGTT (6.3±0.2 vs 7.7±0.3 mmol/L, p<0.001). In the IGT group, it decreased 2‐h plasma glucose levels from 8.9±0.3 to 7.8±0.4 mmol/L (p<0.01) as well as the whole glucose profile (AUC, p<0.00001). In both groups, this improvement in glucose tolerance, which was proportional to the degree of its derangement (AUC vs AUC change, r=0.60, p<0.002), was associated with an enhancement of ßRS (p<0.02), a reduction in oral glucose appearance (RaO, p<0.01 only in IGT), a leftward shift of ßGS (p<0.002), a small increment in insulin sensitivity as estimated by both OGIS (p<0.05) and by tracer‐determined glucose clearance (p<0.04). Endogenous glucose production similarly declined during the two OGTTs in both groups (p<0.006). In neither group were the glucagon, NEFA, PP and GLP‐1 responses affected by the preload, while GIP secretion was increased (p<0.001) in both. Conclusion: A small mixed protein/lipid preload significantly improves glucose tolerance, especially in subjects with IGT. This effect results from the combination of a reduction in glucose absorption and a minor improvement in both insulin secretion and peripheral insulin sensitivity. Simple dietetic recommendations have the potential to produce a significant reduction of postprandial hyperglycaemia in pre‐diabetic patients.
The role of protein and carbohydrates for weight loss and maintenance: evidence from the Diogenes study$$$ Background Obesity, the metabolic syndrome, pre‐diabetes and type 2 diabetes are important risk factors for the development of coronary artery disease and stroke. Obesity, physical inactivity, diet composition, short sleep duration, and smoking are the most important risk factors for type 2 diabetes, and moderate alcohol and coffee consumption exerts a weak protective effect. Excessive body weight together with inactivity can account for almost 90% of all new cases of type 2 diabetes. So prevention and treatment of weight gain, excessive body weight and the metabolic syndrome are the cornerstones of prevention of type 2 diabetes. Objective It is well established that the dietary risk factors for weight gain are large portion sizes, sugar‐rich soft drinks, high intakes of energy‐dense foods poor in fibre and wholegrain, including low intakes of fruit and vegetables, but it is not known to what extent this diet, under ad libitum conditions i.e. with no “calorie counting”, can control body weight. Design In the large‐scale Pan‐European randomised, controlled dietary intervention study Diet, Obesity and Genes study (DiOGenes), we enrolled families with at least one obese adult. Adults followed an initial 8‐week 800 kcal/d weight‐ loss program, and were then randomised to one of five ad libitum diets (6‐months intervention period) contingent upon a weight loss of ≥8%. The diets were Low Protein (LP)/Low Glycemic Index (LGI), LP/High GI(HGI), High Protein(HP)/LGI, HP/HGI or Control. A total of 780 adults were randomised to the diets and 559 adults completed the intervention period. Outcomes During the 8 weeks, mean weight loss was 11kg, and blood lipids, CRP and blood pressure improved substantially. During the subsequent 6 month weight maintenance phase, the HGI, LP and control diets gained most weight, whereas the HP and LGI diets did better, but only the HP/LGI maintained the weight loss without regain. The diets had no major effects on cardiovascular risk factors apart from CRP blood levels that further decreased by 20% in both LGI groups. Among the ∼800 children the HP/LGI diet produced a highly significant 14% spontaneous reduction in prevalence of overweight and obesity. Conclusion The optimal diet for prevention of weight gain and weight re‐gain provides 20‐25 % of energy from protein (e.g. low‐fat meat, dairy, fish, shellfish, game, protein from plants$$$ peas, beans), 25‐30 % of energy from fat (high ratio of polyunsaturated to saturated), and 45‐55 % from fibre‐rich, whole‐grain carbohydrates characterised by a low glycemic index. Moderate amounts of alcohol from beer and wine contribute to the prevention of type 2 diabetes and CVD, but should be recognised and a contribution to total energy intake.
Inclusion of walnut in the diets of adults at risk for type 2 diabetes and their dietary pattern changes: a randomized, controlled, crossover trial$$$ Objective: Examining the food groups displaced during walnut inclusion in the diets of those adults with pre‐diabetes. Methods: Randomized, controlled, modified Latin square parallel design with two treatment arms. The 112 participants (31 men, 81 women) were randomly assigned to a diet with or without dietary counseling to adjust calorie intake in a 1:1 ratio. Within each treatment arm, participants were further randomized to one of two sequence permutations to receive a walnut‐included diet with 56 g (366 kcal) of walnuts per day and a walnut‐excluded diet. Participants in the calorie‐adjusted arm received advice from a dietitian to preserve an isocaloric condition while including walnuts. We analyzed the 12 components of the 2010 Healthy Eating Index to examine dietary pattern changes of study participants. Results: Seafood and plant protein intake significantly increased with walnut inclusion, compared to their exclusion (2.14 ± 2.06 vs. ‐0.49 ± 2.33$$$ P = 0.003). The ingestion of healthful fatty acids also significantly increased with walnut inclusion, compared to their exclusion (1.43 ± 4.53 vs. ‐1.76 ± 4.80$$$ P = 0.02). Dairy ingestion increased with walnut inclusion in the calorie‐adjusted phase, compared to walnut inclusion without calorie adjustments (1.06 ± 4.42 vs. ‐2.15 ± 3.64$$$ P = 0.02). Conclusions: Our data suggest that walnut inclusion in the diets of adults at risk for diabetes led to an increase in intake of other healthful foods.
Effect of high-protein vs. high-fat snacks before lunch on glycemic variability in prediabetes: A study protocol for a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: China has the largest number of patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM), and it tends to increasingly grow in the future, putting an enormous burden on disease control and prevention in China. While glycemic variability (GV) came to be an important indicator of blood glucose control in diabetic patients, studies suggested that premeal snacks may help blood glucose control, but there are still some problems to be researched. Therefore, we designed this trial to evaluate which kind of premeal snacks would lead to better effects on GV under two diet patterns in pre‐diabetes subjects and to evaluate assessments of acceptability and compliance, behavior, and metabolism changes in individuals will be described. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: The study is a single‐center, open‐label, multiparallel group, randomized controlled trial. A total of 32 male and female volunteers will be randomized into 4 groups in a single allocated ratio of soy milk (powder) snack, milk (powder) snack, almonds snack, and placebo control with 250 ml of water taken 30 min before lunch, respectively. The study consists of two intervention periods over 11 days. The first intervention period under habitual diet conditions from D3 to D6 (4 days), during which all subjects are asked to maintain their habitual eating and daily activities similar to the run‐in period. The second intervention consists of prelunch snacks with standard meals. We will examine both the effect of GV and various metabolic and behavioral outcomes potentially associated with the interventions. At the end of this study, we will assess the acceptability and maintainability of the intervention through interviews. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: Chinese Clinical Trial Registry, identifier ChiCTR2200058935.
Effect of sleep quality on diabetes mellitus$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: comprehensive sleep program along with standard of care: The total duration of intervention will be 3 months. At 2 weeks after enrollment and monthly thereafter patients will be called to asses sleep dairy, reinforce technique and clarify doubts and difficulties. Thus there will be 3 additional visits for the patients enrolled in the intervention group.(At 2 weeks, 1.5 months and 2.5 months). Details of Intervention: Advice on sleep hygiene (based on published literature) Sleep hygiene means having daily routines and bedroom environment that promote good night sleep. Prioritize Sleep: As night time sleep is vital for your health, resist the temptation to skip sleep in order to work, study, socialize, or exercise. 1. Keep a stable sleep schedule, Regardless of whether itÃ¢â?¬â?¢s a weekday or weekend, sleep and wake up at the same time so that you get into a rhythm of consistent sleep. Calculate a target bedtime based on your fixed wake‐up time and do your best to be ready for bed around that time each night. It is recommended to get 7 to 8 hours of night time sleep. 2. Early Morning exposure to sunlight / daylight, on getting up immediately/as soon as possible after night sleep. 3. Avoid day time naps. If required , keep naps relatively short and limited to the early afternoon. 4. Be Physically Active: Regular exercise like one hour of brisk walk can make it easier to sleep at night. 5. Unplug From Electronics: Give yourself a 30‐60 minute pre‐bed time that is free from cell phones, tablets, television and laptops as they disturb sleep. 6. DonÃ¢â?¬â?¢t Smoke: smoking disrupt sleep, so donÃ¢â?¬â?¢t smoke. 7. Stop Alcohol Consumption: Alcohol disrupts sleep later in the night, so do not consume alcohol. 8. Do CONDITION: Health Condition 1: E119‐ Type 2 diabetes mellitus without complications PRIMARY OUTCOME: 1. Whether comprehensive sleep program (advice on sleep hygiene and relaxation technique) has effect on sleep quality in patients with type 2 diabetes. $$$ Timepoint: At baseline and 3 months after randomisation SECONDARY OUTCOME: This will also tell us whether improvement in sleep quality has effect on glycemic and metabolic control in diabetes.Timepoint: At baseline and 3 months after randomisation INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Type 2 diabetes (HbA1c >6.5%, fasting plasma glucose Ã¢â?°Â¥ 126mg/dl) or pre diabetes (HbA1c >5.7%, fasting plasma glucose 100‐125 mg/dl) 2. Age Ã¢â?°Â¥ 18 years
Vitamin D supplementation on surrogate markers of ageing, ageing-related genes, glycemic and metabolic markers in north Indian Individuals with the prediabetes$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Randomized control trial: Prediabetes is a substantial problem in India not only because it itself can be associated with morbidities such as coronary artery disease but also because it is a point of important for prevention of diabetes. It is not clear if apparent accelerated aging in Indian population associated with heightened tendency for prediabetes, metabolic syndrome, atherosclerosis and dys‐metabolic state etc. could, besides lifestyle factors, be related to vitamin D deficiency, or ageing‐related genes, or interaction between the two. This study is based on the assumption that the supplementation of vitamin could lead to reversal to normal glucose regulation and may slow aging process in individuals with prediabetes Intervention2: Prediabetes is a substantial problem in India not only because it itself can be associated with morbidities such as coronary artery disease but also because it is a point of important for prevention of diabetes. It is not clear if apparent accelerated aging in Indian population associated with heightened tendency for prediabetes, metabolic syndrome, atherosclerosis and dys‐metabolic state etc. could, besides lifestyle factors, be related to vitamin D deficiency, or ageing‐related genes, or interaction between the two.: This study is based on the assumption that the supplementation of vitamin could lead to reversal to normal glucose regulation and may slow aging process in individuals with prediabetes. Control Intervention1: Vitamin D and Calcium: Ã¢?Â¢ Doses of cholecalciferol (commercial name, Calcirol) 60,000IU (sachets, dissolved in half glass milk) once per week for eight weeks to intervention group and placebo (Lactose Granules) to the placebo group according to the random numbers generated by the computer. Ã¢?Â¢ After every 24 weeks blood 25 (OH) D levels will be assessed. a. If the subjects are found to be still deficient with vitamin D then supplementation of cholecalciferol 60,000 IU per week for eight weeks CONDITION: All subjects will be healthy PRIMARY OUTCOME: Clinical and dietary profiles, blood pressure and phenotypic markers, sunlight exposure, anthropometric assessments [body mass index, circumferences and skinfolds, glycemic and lipid profile other metabolic parameters (serum Vitamin D, parathyroid hormone, calcium and phosphorus, fasting serum insulin and homeostasis model assessment, leukocyte telomerase length and telomerase activity and genetic polymorphismsTimepoint: Vitamin D supplementation could $$$ 1. Increase/preserve leucocyte telomerase length and activity, thus having positive effects on ageing. $$$ 2. Improve insulin action and glucose physiology, leading to lowering of blood glucose levels in persons with prediabetes. $$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: 2. If vitamin D addition leads to longer life span as indicated by aging‐associated surrogate markers, it may be cost‐effective and novel way to slow ageing in Indian population. $$$ $$$ Measurements same as in visit 1 except genetic polymorphismTimepoint: 2 years INCLUSION CRITERIA: Cross‐sectional Study: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Individuals with prediabetes, aged 20‐60 years. Prospective Intervention Study: Design: Randomized open labeled placebo‐controlled trial. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Pre‐diabetes: a. Fasting blood glucose Ã¢?Â¥100mg/dl and <125.99mg/dl, or b. 2‐h plasma glucose Ã¢?Â¥140mg/dl and <200mg/dl (after ingestion of 75 g anhydrous oral glucose), and 2. Baseline blood level of 25 hydroxy vitamin D <30ng/dl. 3. Aged 20‐60 years
Skim milk fortified with buttermilk affects the plasma phospholipid and fatty acid composition in healthy subjects$$$ Background and objectives: Milk phospholipids (PLs) are mainly present in milk fat globule membranes of buttermilk. The PLs of milk are attracting renewed scientific interest not only for its nutritional and technological value, but for the biological activities and their potential human health benefits. In recent years, there is considerable evidence that PLs are highly involved in cell metabolism due to its lipophilic and hydrophilic character and are linked to the age‐related disease (cognitive ability, dementia), the inflammatory responses and chemotherapeutic activity on some types of cancer. However, to date, there are very limited data available on the PLs bioavailability after human intake of an enriched skim milk with buttermilk. Methods: A prospective cohort study to determine the buttermilk lipid compounds absorption at different doses has been performed. Thirty healthy subjects were randomly assigned in two experimental groups to receive 200 ml or 400 ml intake of skim milk fortified with buttermilk. Blood samples were taken before and at 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5 hours following intake of the dairy product. Lipids from plasma were extracted by Folch method and thoroughly monitorized by GC‐MS and HPLC‐ELSD techniques. Results: Chromatographic methods have been carried out for the analysis of plasma lipid fractions. Triacylglycerides, free fatty acids, cholesterol and PLs as well as FAMEs have been qualitative and quantitatively determined. The dietary supplementation with buttermilk induced changes of the plasma lipid profile either in the lipid classes as in the PLs profile and FAME composition. Conclusions: Whether the beneficial effects of buttermilk supplementation may be explained by a remodelling the proportions of the plasma lipids into PLs and triglycerides, needs to be further investigated.
Effect of buttermilk consumption on blood pressure in moderately hypercholesterolemic men and women$$$ OBJECTIVES: Milk fat globule membrane (MFGM) found in buttermilk is rich in unique bioactive proteins. Several studies suggest that MFGM proteins possess biological activities such as cholesterol‐lowering, antiviral, antibacterial, and anticancer properties, but data in humans are lacking. Furthermore, to our knowledge, no study has yet investigated the antihypertensive potential of MFGM proteins from buttermilk. The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of buttermilk consumption on blood pressure and on markers of the renin‐angiotensin‐aldosterone (RAS) system in humans. METHODS: Men and women (N = 34) with plasma low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol < 5 mmol/L and normal blood pressure (< 140 mm Hg) were recruited in this randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, crossover study. Their diets were supplemented with 45 g/d of buttermilk and with 45 g/d of a macro‐/micronutrient‐matched placebo in random order (4 wk for each diet). RESULTS: Buttermilk consumption significantly reduced systolic blood pressure (‐2.6 mm Hg$$$ P = 0.009), mean arterial blood pressure (‐1.7 mm Hg$$$ P = 0.015), and plasma levels of the angiotensin I‐converting enzyme (‐10.9%$$$ P = 0.003) compared with the placebo, but had no effect on plasma concentrations of angiotensin II and aldosterone. CONCLUSION: Short‐term buttermilk consumption reduces blood pressure in normotensive individuals.
Effects of lutein-enriched egg yolk in buttermilk or skimmed milk on serum lipids & lipoproteins of mildly hypercholesterolemic subjects$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Earlier studies in our group suggested that traditionally prepared buttermilk influences cholesterol metabolism. We therefore designed a study to evaluate whether traditionally prepared buttermilk lowers serum low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL‐C) and/or prevents the LDL‐C raising effect of egg yolks. METHODS AND RESULTS: Mildly hypercholesterolemic subjects were randomly allocated to one of four diet groups consuming daily at lunch 80 ml skimmed milk with (n = 23) or without (n = 25) lutein‐enriched egg yolk (28 g from 1.5 eggs providing 323 mg cholesterol) or traditionally prepared buttermilk with (n = 23) or without (n = 21) lutein‐enriched egg yolk during a 12 week period. Fasting blood samples were taken to measure concentrations of serum lipids, (apo)lipoproteins, liver and kidney function markers, and plasma lutein, zeaxanthin and high‐sensitive C‐reactive protein (hsCRP). Egg yolk consumption significantly increased serum total cholesterol (total‐C) (p = 0.035) and LDL‐C concentrations (p = 0.022). Buttermilk did not change the effects of egg yolk on serum lipids and (apo)lipoproteins. There was a trend towards significant lower total‐C (p = 0.077), but not LDL‐C (p = 0.204) concentrations in the buttermilk groups. Plasma lutein and zeaxanthin concentrations increased significantly (p < 0.001) in the egg yolk groups. CONCLUSION: In mildly hypercholesterolemic subjects, daily consumption of traditionally prepared buttermilk for 12 weeks did not lower serum total‐C or LDL‐C concentrations, nor did it prevent the serum total‐C and LDL‐C raising effect of daily egg yolk consumption. REGISTRATION NUMBER: This study is registered at www.clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01566305.
ROLE OF AYURVEDIC MEDICINES ON CARCINOMA GALL BLADDER AFTER CONVENTIONAL ANTI-CANCER THERAPY: a RANDOMISED CONTROL TRIAL$$$ Gallbladder cancer (GBC) arises from the cystic duct and gallbladder lining, presenting as a thickening in the bile duct wall or a diffuse mass. Arbuda and Gulma are considered malignant tumours in Ayurveda. Acharya Charaka associates Gulma, a type of shotha, with the pittashaya (gall bladder) among the five adhishthans. Acharya Sushruta defines Gulma as "any granthi between hruday and Basti pradesh." Aim: To evaluate the efficacy of Ayurvedic medicine on associated signs and symptoms of carcinoma gall bladder following conventional anti‐cancer therapy. Objective: To evaluate the QOL of the studied patient of carcinoma gall bladder following conventional anti‐cancer therapy. Materials and methods: 20 patients suffering from the associated signs and symptoms of carcinoma gall bladder following conventional anti‐cancer therapy were enrolled and randomly divided into two groups, i.e., Study Group B, Brihat Loknath Rasa 250 mg with lukewarm water, Mahashankh vati 250 mg with buttermilk, and Drakshavleha 6 gm with milk. In Control Group A, patients undergoing modern medicine were observed for 60 days. Results and Conclusion: The analysis of the relief percentage of the (Overall therapy) shows that the % relief for Study Group patients was 43.40% and the relief for Control Group was 38.68%. In conclusion, Ayurveda has the potential for symptomatic management of gallbladder cancer (GBC) by aligning with Pitta pradhan sannipatika Gulma. While a holistic approach and Ayurvedic principles show promise, more research in Ayurvedic oncology is required for validation.
Effects of buttermilk with or without lutein-enriched egg yolk on the serum LDL-cholesterol concentration of slightly hypercholesterolemic volunteers$$$ INTERVENTION: During the entire study period, volunteers are instructed to consume a diet according to the Dutch dietary guidelines (35 en% fat (10en% saturated fat), 50‐55 en% carbohydrates). During the two weeks run‐in period all subjects will use daily at lunch 100 mL skimmed milk. During the 12 weeks experimental period, 30 subjects will continue drinking the skimmed milk (control group), while the second group will consume a low‐fat buttermilk, the third group the skimmed milk enriched with egg‐yolk, and the fourth group egg yolk incorporated into a low‐fat buttermilk based beverage. The egg‐yolk will be enriched in lutein. Whole egg consumption (others than provided by us) is not allowed during the entire study. The egg‐yolk containing buttermilk beverage will be identical as the one used in the earlier study (MEC 07‐1‐127) and were well‐tolerated, their taste was perfectly accepted and did not cause any side effects. Following the experimental period, subjects can decide whether they want to participate in a DNA research. For this they can choose to donate blood or saliva. CONDITION: cholesterol metabolisme $$$ hypercholesterolemia PRIMARY OUTCOME: Measurements will be performed during the run‐in period (days 0, 11 and 14) and $$$ during the experimental period (days 56, 95 and 98). The main effects (egg‐yolk $$$ and buttermilk consumption) will be calculated as the absolute differences $$$ between values obtained at the end of the experimental (average days 95 and 98) $$$ and run‐in (average days 11 and 14) periods. The primary endpoint is the change $$$ in serum LDL‐cholesterol concentrations. $$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary endpoints are changes in serum total and HDL cholesterol, $$$ triacylglycerol, apoA‐I, apoB and hsCRP concentrations. $$$ $$$ In addition, we would like to determine, via DNA analysis, polymorphisms in $$$ genes that play a role in (LDL) cholesterol metabolism, such as genes coding $$$ for the LDL receptor, PCSK9, SRBI, HMG‐CoA reductase, ApoB and ApoE. $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: Subjects are asked to fill out a general health questionnaire in between the first and second screening visit. Only healthy subjects will be included. Obviously, the remark healthy only concerns the aspects checked for in the in and exclusion criteria. The inclusion criteria are: • aged between 18 and 70 years • fasting serum total cholesterol between 5.5 ‐ 8.0 mmol/L • fasting plasma glucose <7.0 mmol/L • BMI between 25 ‐ 30 kg/m2 • non‐smoking • willingness to abstain for the duration of the study from egg consumption
The effect of high compared with low dairy consumption on glucose metabolism, insulin sensitivity, and metabolic flexibility in overweight adults: a randomized crossover trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Dairy products contain many nutritious components that may benefit metabolic health. There are indications that glucose metabolism and insulin sensitivity, which are generally disturbed in overweight and obese individuals, may improve by increased dairy intake. This may also affect one's metabolic flexibility. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of high compared with low dairy intake on glucose metabolism, insulin sensitivity, and metabolic flexibility in overweight adults (aged 45‐65 y). METHODS: In this randomized intervention study, subjects consumed a high‐ and a low‐dairy diet [HDD (5‐6 dairy portions) and LDD (≤1 dairy portion), respectively] for 6 wk in a crossover design, with a washout period of 4 wk. Dairy portions were 200 g semi‐skimmed yoghurt, 30 g reduced‐fat (30+) cheese, and 250 mL semiskimmed milk and buttermilk. After 6 wk, a 75‐g oral‐glucose‐tolerance test (13C‐labeled) and a subsequent fasting challenge were performed. Metabolic flexibility was studied by determining the respiratory quotient (RQ) using indirect calorimetry. Fasting and postprandial plasma concentrations of glucose and insulin were analyzed. The dual isotope technique enabled calculation of glucose kinetics. RESULTS: The study was completed by 45 overweight men and postmenopausal women [age 58.9 ± 4.3 y, BMI 27.9 ± 1.9 kg/m2 (mean ± SD)]. Fasting RQ and ΔRQ, reflecting metabolic flexibility, did not differ after both diets. Fasting glucose concentrations were similar, whereas fasting insulin concentrations were lower after the LDD (LDD: 8.1 ± 2.8 mU/L$$$ HDD: 8.9 ± 3.3 mU/L$$$ P = 0.024). This resulted in a higher HOMA‐IR after the HDD (P = 0.027). Postprandial glucose and insulin responses as well as glucose kinetics were similar after both diets. CONCLUSIONS: The amount of dairy intake during a 6‐wk period had a neutral effect on metabolic flexibility or postprandial glucose metabolism in middle‐aged overweight subjects. More trials are needed to study the effects of specific dairy types and to differentiate between metabolic subgroups. This trial was registered at trialregister.nl as NTR4899.
The effect of high and low dairy consumption on cardio-metabolic risk factors in overweight adults$$$ Background and objectives: Dairy products contain many nutritious components that benefit health. An inverse dose‐response relationship between dairy consumption and the risk of metabolic syndrome was recently reported based on a meta‐analysis. There are indications that dairy intake decreases the risk for type 2 diabetes and improves glucose metabolism and insulin sensitivity which is generally disturbed in overweight and obese individuals. This study aimed to investigate the effects of high and low dairy intake on cardio‐metabolic health parameters. Methods: 47 overweight males and postmenopausal females [age 58.7±4.5 y, BMI 27.9±1.9 kg/m2 (mean±SD)] completed this randomized, cross‐over, intervention study. Each person consumed an isocaloric high and low dairy diet (HDD (5‐6 portions) and LDD (≤1 portion), respectively$$$ 200 g semi‐skimmed yoghurt, 30g low‐fat (30+) cheese, 250 mL semi‐skimmed milk and buttermilk) for 6 weeks in a cross‐over design, with a wash‐out period of 4 weeks. After each 6‐week intervention period blood pressure was measured, and blood samples were collected, both fasted and during challenge tests. The tests were a 75 g OGTT (13C‐labeled and combined with 2H‐labeled glucose infusion to study glucose kinetics) and a subsequent fasting challenge. Results: After HDD compared to LDD there were significant decreases in blood pressure [127/79 mmHg vs 132/82 mmHg, respectively (p<0.01)] and uric acid [0.29±0.06 vs 0.31±0.07 mM, respectively (p<0.001)]. Fasting glucose concentrations were similar, whereas fasting insulin concentrations were lower after the LDD [10±4 mU/L after HDD vs 9±4 mU/L after LDD (p<0.05)]. In addition, there was a small difference in HDL concentrations [1.40±0.34 mM after HDD, 1.44±0.38 mM after LDD, (p<0.05)], but the cholesterol/HDL‐ratio was not different after the intervention periods [4.0 vs 3.9 (p=0.14)]. Postprandial glucose and insulin responses as well as glucose kinetics were similar after both diets. Conclusions: High dairy intake had a positive effect on blood pressure, which may be related to the decreased plasma uric acid concentration. Results:.
Synergism between medium-chain fatty acid intake and global magnesium status on the risk of cancer mortality in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 2005-2014$$$ Medium‐chain fatty acids (MCFAs), a class of saturated fatty acids that exist naturally in dairy products and tropical oils, can regulate inflammation, insulin resistance, and immune response. Furthermore, in vitro and in vivo studies found MCFAs have strong anticarcinogenic properties. Recent evidence reveals MCFAs inhibits aerobic glycolysis in tumor cells. It is conceivable that MCFAs have an “anti‐Warburg effect”. In a double‐blind randomized trial (Personalized Prevention of Colorectal Cancer$$$ NCT01105169), we found that 12‐week personalized magnesium (Mg) supplementation led to significantly increased circulating levels of MCFAs, particularly caprylic acid (C8:0), which was due to enhanced microbial production. These novel findings suggest individuals with Mg sufficiency can receive supplies of MCFAs from microbiome whereas people with Mg deficiency cannot and so need MCFAs from intake. Thus, we hypothesized that the associations between intakes of C8:0 and risk of cancer mortality are modified by body Mg status. We tested this hypothesis in the NHANES, a nationally representative study. We recently developed the Mg depletion score (MDS) to assess Mg status and validated it against the invasive gold standard measure of Mg status. MDS performs better than either serum Mg or Mg intake at predicting Mg deficiency. We also found higher Mg intake was associated with reduced risks of inflammation and total mortality only among those with higher MDS scores, i.e., higher risk of losing Mg in the kidney. Thus, we examined if MDS modified the associations between intakes of MCFAs and risk of cancer mortality. Among 11,890 US adults aged ≥20 years over a median follow‐up of 70 person‐months, the associations between C8:0 intake and cancer mortality risk differed by MDS (Pinteraction=0.12). Higher C8:0 intake was associated with increased cancer mortality risk when MDS=0 (no risk of losing Mg$$$ P‐trend=0.03) after adjusting for all covariates, including dairy product intake. C8:0 intake was not related to risk of cancer mortality when MDS=1. Conversely, C8:0 intake may be associated with a reduced cancer mortality risk among those with MDS>1(high risk of losing Mg). In particular, higher C8:0 intake was significantly associated with a reduced risk of cancer mortality (P‐trend<0.01) with an HR (95% CI) of 0.11 (0.02‐0.84) for the highest quartile of C8:0 intake when Mg intake was above the Estimated Average Requirement. No associations were found for intakes of C6:0, C10:0 and C12:0. In summary, C8:0 can be generated by human gut microbiome through optimized Mg consumption$$$ dietary intakes of C8:0 were associated with a reduced risk of cancer mortality among those at high risk of losing Mg, but with adequate Mg consumption$$$ and intakes of C8:0 were related to an increased risk of cancer mortality among those with no risk of losing Mg.
Topical tretinoin therapy and all-cause mortality$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the relation of topical tretinoin, a commonly used retinoid cream, with all‐cause mortality in the Veterans Affairs Topical Tretinoin Chemoprevention Trial (VATTC). The planned outcome of this trial was risk of keratinocyte carcinoma, and systemic administration of certain retinoid compounds has been shown to reduce risk of this cancer but has also been associated with increased mortality risk among smokers. DESIGN: The VATTC Trial was a blinded randomized chemoprevention trial, with 2‐ to 6‐year follow‐up. Oversight was provided by multiple independent committees. SETTING: US Department of Veterans Affairs medical centers. Patients A total of 1131 veterans were randomized. Their mean age was 71 years. Patients with a very high estimated short‐term risk of death were excluded. Interventions Application of tretinoin, 0.1%, or vehicle control cream twice daily to the face and ears. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Death, which was not contemplated as an end point in the original study design. RESULTS: The intervention was terminated 6 months early because of an excessive number of deaths in the tretinoin‐treated group. Post hoc analysis of this difference revealed minor imbalances in age, comorbidity, and smoking status, all of which were important predictors of death. After adjusting for these imbalances, the difference in mortality between the randomized groups remained statistically significant. CONCLUSIONS: We observed an association of topical tretinoin therapy with death, but we do not infer a causal association that current evidence suggests is unlikely.
Assessment of add on effect of Kimshukatvagadi ghana capsule in Diabetes$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: KIMSHUKATVAGADI GHANA CAPSULE 1 GRAM THREE TIMES A DAY WITH BUTTERMILK AFTER FOOD FOR 12 WEEKS: Kimshukatvagadi ghana capsule is an ayurvedic medicine having reference in Sahasrayoga by G. Prabhakar Rao Chapter 17 Gutika prakarnam. It contains Palasha(Butea monosperma (Lam.)), Haridra(Curcuma longa L.), Amalaki(Embelica officinalis L.), Kataka(Strychnous potatorum L.f.), Vairi(Salacia reticulata). The medicine will be given 1 gram three times a day with buttermilk after food for 12 Weeks along with OHA Control Intervention1: Placebo(Wheat floor) 1 gram three times a day with buttermilk for 12 weeks: In the capsule of Placebo wheat floor will be there.The medicine will be given three times a day with buttermilk after food for 12 weeks along with OHA CONDITION: Health Condition 1: E119‐ Type 2 diabetes mellitus without complications PRIMARY OUTCOME: Effect on FBS, PP2BS and HbA1CTimepoint: Effect on FBS and PP2BS at baseline and after every 4 weeks till 12 weeks. Effect on HbA1C at baseline and at the end of 12 weeks SECONDARY OUTCOME: Effect on symptoms of Prameha‐Weakness $$$ (Daurbalya),Polyphagia(Kshudha vriddhi),Polydypsia $$$ (Pipasa vriddhi),Polyuria with turbidity in urine $$$ (Prabhuta Aavila Mutrata), $$$ Nocturnal micturition $$$ (Nakta Mutrata),Cramps $$$ (Pindikodvestana),Excess sweating(swedapravritti), $$$ Dyspnoea on exertion $$$ (Shwasakastata) $$$ $$$ Timepoint: Effect on symptoms at baseline and at the end of every 2 weeks till 12 weeks. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) Known cases of Diabetes Mellitus Type II and on medication showing symptoms of Prameha. 2) Patients with FBS 125mg/dl to 300 mg/dl and PPBS 140 mg/dl to 400 mg/dl (both inclusive) 3) Patients with HbA1C levels between 7.0 ‐ 9.5 mg%
Measuring the glycemic index and insulin index of dairy products$$$ INTERVENTION: The GI of some Dutch dairy products was missing$$$ therefore 8 Dutch dairy products will be analyzed in this study. Experimental products that will be tested are dairy products including semi‐skimmed milk, buttermilk, soft curd cheese, custard, breakfast drink, yogurt drink, and dairy drink. As reference, a glucose solution will be used. Each person consumes 4 times a dairy product and 2 times the glucose drink at the 6 test days. CONDITION: $$$ diabetes $$$ obesity 10018424 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Glycemic index and insulin index$$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: ‐ $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: BMI lower than 30, healthy volunteers
Nuts: natural pleiotropic nutraceuticals$$$ Common nuts (tree nuts and peanuts) are energy‐dense foods that nature has gifted with a complex matrix of beneficial nutrients and bioactives, including monounsaturated and polyun‐saturated fatty acids, high‐quality protein, fiber, non‐sodium minerals, tocopherols, phytosterols, and antioxidant phenolics. These nut components synergize to favorably influence metabolic and vascular physiology pathways, ameliorate cardiovascular risk factors and improve cardiovascular prognosis. There is increasing evidence that nuts positively impact myriad other health outcomes as well. Nut consumption is correlated with lower cancer incidence and cancer mortality, and decreased all‐cause mortality. Favorable effects on cognitive function and depression have also been reported. Randomized controlled trials consistently show nuts have a cholesterol‐lowering effect. Nut consumption also confers modest improvements on glycemic control, blood pressure (BP), endothelial function, and inflammation. Although nuts are energy‐dense foods, they do not predis‐pose to obesity, and in fact may even help in weight loss. Tree nuts and peanuts, but not peanut butter, generally produce similar positive effects on outcomes. First level evidence from the PRED‐IMED trial shows that, in the context of a Mediterranean diet, consumption of 30 g/d of nuts (wal‐nuts, almonds, and hazelnuts) significantly lowered the risk of a composite endpoint of major ad‐verse cardiovascular events (myocardial infarction, stroke, and death from cardiovascular disease) by ≈30% after intervention for 5 y. Impressively, the nut‐supplemented diet reduced stroke risk by 45%. As they are rich in salutary bioactive compounds and beneficially impact various health out‐comes, nuts can be considered natural pleiotropic nutraceuticals.
The effect of fermented and unfermented milks on serum cholesterol$$$ Groups of 10 to 13 healthy volunteers were provided with 11 supplements of 2% butterfat milk (2% milk), whole milk, skim milk, yogurt, buttermilk, and sweet acidophilus milk daily for a 3‐wk period. Despite increases in caloric intakes on all supplements, no significant increases were found in total, low‐density, and high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol. A significant weight gain was seen in subjects taking yogurt and acidophilus groups$$$ these were the only two groups showing significant rises in triglyceride levels. These results in normal volunteers focus attention on the current practice of recommending only skim or 2% milk for hyperlipidemic individuals.
Sugars and risk of mortality in the NIH-AARP Diet and Health Study$$$ BACKGROUND: Although previous studies have linked intake of sugars with incidence of cancer and other chronic diseases, its association with mortality remains unknown. OBJECTIVE: We investigated the association of total sugars, added sugars, total fructose, added fructose, sucrose, and added sucrose with the risk of all‐cause, cardiovascular disease, cancer, and other‐cause mortality in the NIH‐AARP Diet and Health Study. DESIGN: The participants (n = 353,751), aged 50‐71 y, were followed for up to 13 y. Intake of individual sugars over the previous 12 mo was assessed at baseline by using a 124‐item NIH Diet History Questionnaire. RESULTS: In fully adjusted models (fifth quartile compared with first quartile), all‐cause mortality was positively associated with the intake of total sugars [HR (95% CI): 1.13 (1.06, 1.20)$$$ P‐trend < 0.0001], total fructose [1.10 (1.04, 1.17)$$$ P‐trend < 0.0001], and added fructose [1.07 (1.01, 1.13)$$$ P‐trend = 0.005) in women and total fructose [1.06 (1.01, 1.10)$$$ P‐trend = 0.002] in men. In men, a weak inverse association was found between other‐cause mortality and dietary added sugars (P‐trend = 0.04), sucrose (P‐trend = 0.03), and added sucrose (P‐trend = 0.006). Investigation of consumption of sugars by source showed that the positive association with mortality risk was confined only to sugars from beverages, whereas the inverse association was confined to sugars from solid foods. CONCLUSIONS: In this large prospective study, total fructose intake was weakly positively associated with all‐cause mortality in both women and men, whereas added sugar, sucrose, and added sucrose intakes were inversely associated with other‐cause mortality in men. In our analyses, intake of added sugars was not associated with an increased risk of mortality. The NIH‐AARP Diet and Health Study was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00340015.
Evaluating the effect of neutropenic diet on infection and mortality rate in cancer patients: a meta-analysis$$$ Background: Dietary manipulation for patients undergoing chemotherapy has been proposed as a method to reduce the risk of infection. These diets, referred to as “neutropenic diets (ND)” usually restrict fresh raw fruits, raw vegetables, raw meat or soft cheeses. Regular diets (RD) generally include foods restricted in ND and are prepared within standardized FDA food safety guidelines. ND are used in transplant centers and hospital wards where cancer patients are being treated. The goal of this metaanalysis was to determine the effectiveness of ND over RD at preventing infection Methods: We searched the medical literature to identify studies comparing ND with RD in patients with cancer. Primary outcomes were mortality of any cause, major infections (pneumonia, bacteremia, or fungemia, or pneumonia accompanied with bacteremia or fungemia), and the composite outcome of neutropenic fever or infection (major infections as defined above, minor infections, or fever). The overall effect was calculated by use of a random effects model. A sensitivity analysis was conducted to evaluate influence of the included observational trials on outcomes. Results: Four studies were identified, 3 randomized trials and 1 observational study, encompassing 918 patients with cancer or stem cell transplant. Patients randomized to ND had no difference in major infection rate compared to the RD group (RR = 1.08, CI 0.72 to 1.61). ND patients also had a comparable mortality rate to the RD group (RR = 1.08, CI 0.78 to 1. 50). These results persisted after omitting the observational study from analysis. When analyzing for the overall composite outcome of any infection or fever, the hazard was significantly higher in ND arm compared to RD arm (RR 1.18, CI 1.05 to 1.34). Conclusions: This study shows no superiority or advantage with respect to mortality or infection of using neutropenic diet over a regular diet in neutropenic cancer patients. Larger randomized controlled studies are needed to further study this important dietary issue for patients. In the meantime, it may be time to relax the restrictions of ND in order to attain better nutrition.
Prospective investigation of major dietary patterns and risk of cardiovascular mortality in Bangladesh$$$ BACKGROUND: Dietary pattern analysis is emerging as a practical, effective tool for relating comprehensive dietary intake to risk of cardiovascular disease mortality. However, no studies have applied this technique to a population outside of the developed world. METHODS: We conducted prospective cohort analyses in 11,116 participants enrolled in the Health Effects of Arsenic Study in Araihazar, Bangladesh, measuring deaths attributable to disease of circulatory system, heart disease, and cerebrovascular disease. Participants were enrolled in 2000 and followed up for an average of 6.6 years. Dietary information was obtained through a previously validated food‐frequency questionnaire at baseline. RESULTS: Principal component analysis based on our comprehensive, 39 item FFQ yielded 3 dietary patterns: (i) a "balanced" pattern, comprised of steamed rice, red meat, fish, fruit and vegetables$$$ (ii) an "animal protein" diet, which was more heavily weighted towards eggs, milk, red meat, poultry, bread, and vegetables$$$ and (iii) a "gourd and root vegetable" diet that heavily relied on a variety of gourds, radishes, pumpkin, sweet potato, and spinach. We observed a positive association between increasing adherence to the animal protein diet and risk of death from both disease of the circulatory system and heart disease$$$ the hazard ratios were 1.13 (95% CI, 1.00‐1.28, p=0.05) and 1.17 (95% CI, 0.99‐1.38, p=0.07), respectively, in relation to one standard deviation increase in the factor scores for the animal protein diet pattern, after controlling for age, sex, body mass index, smoking status, and energy intake. The positive association was more significant among ever smokers$$$ the hazard ratios (95% CI) for deaths from disease of the circulatory system and heart disease were 1.17 (1.02‐1.34) and 1.20 (1.00‐1.45), respectively, in relation to one standard deviation increase in the factor scores for the animal protein diet pattern. CONCLUSIONS: An animal protein‐rich diet in rural Bangladesh may increase risk of heart disease mortality, especially among smokers. This emphasizes the need to further explore and address the impact of dietary patterns on cardiovascular disease in populations undergoing epidemiologic transition.
Glycemic, insulinemic, and appetite responses of patients with type 2 diabetes to commonly consumed breads$$$ PURPOSE: The purpose of this study was to identify the breads most commonly consumed by adults with type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and then examine the postprandial glycemic, insulinemic, and appetite responses that these breads elicit. METHODS: One hundred people with T2DM were surveyed to identify the varieties of bread they most frequently consumed. According to a randomized crossover design, 11 fasting participants with T2DM consumed 50 g of available carbohydrate from 4 breads. Glucose and insulin concentrations and appetite ratings were determined over 270 minutes. RESULTS: Three commonly consumed varieties (white, whole wheat buttermilk, whole grain) identified in the survey‐plus a lower‐glycemic‐index "control" bread (pumpernickel rye)‐were tested in the second phase. Despite perceived differences between "brown" and "white" breads, the white, whole wheat buttermilk, and wholegrain breads promoted similar glycemic and insulinemic responses. Pumpernickel bread resulted in a significantly lower peak glucose (P < .01) than all other breads and a lower peak insulin (P < .001) than white or wholegrain bread. Similar appetite responses were found with all 4 breads. CONCLUSIONS: Adults with T2DM are choosing a variety of breads with perceived differential effects on glycemic, insulinemic, and appetite responses. Appreciable benefits, however, are not conferred by the commonly consumed breads. If breads known to promote favorable metabolic responses are unavailable, the primary emphasis in education should be placed on portion control. Conveying this information to patients is crucial if nutrition education is to achieve its aim of empowering individuals to manage their diabetes through their food choices.
Dietary patterns in Puerto Rican and Mexican-American breast cancer survivors: a pilot study$$$ Breast cancer survivors comprise the largest group of cancer survivors in the US, with an estimated 2.8 million survivors. Breast cancer is the leading cause of cancer death among Hispanics, with greater mortality rates compared to non‐Hispanic whites. Certain dietary factors have been associated with a decreased or increased risk of breast cancer recurrence$$$ therefore, it is important to characterize the dietary patterns of the target population to develop effective dietary intervention prevention strategies. Objective: to examine the dietary patterns in two groups of Hispanic breast cancer survivors. Methods: Participants included Mexican American (MA) and Puerto Rican (PR) female breast cancer survivors, who participated in Project VIVA!, a randomized controlled trial to pilot test the effectiveness and feasibility of a 16‐week culturally tailored exercise intervention. At the end of the trial, participants completed a culturally adapted and validated food frequency questionnaire. Daily dietary intake values were standardized for total energy (per 1,000 kcal) and compared to US Dietary Guidelines (1 cup/d fruits, 1 cup/d vegetables, 1/2 cup/wk beans, 2 cups/wk starchy vegetables, 2 cups/d dairy products, 50% of grains as whole grains, 12 g/d of added fat). Results: A total of 23 MA and 22 PR completed the FFQ. Mean age was 49±10 y in MA and 59±9 y in PR (p<0.05). Most women were overweight or obese (65% in MA and 91% in PR$$$ p>0.05). Daily intake of fruits/100% fruit juices was 2.8 cups in MA and 1.2 cups in PR daily (p>0.05), which is higher than guidelines. Vegetable intake was higher in MA (2.6 cups) compared to PR (0.8 cups$$$ p<0.05), and only MA met the guidelines. Intake of starchy vegetables (e.g., potatoes) was higher in PR than MA (0.6 vs. 0.4 cups, respectively$$$ p<0.001) and it was higher than guidelines. Intake of beans was similar between groups (0.46 cups in MA and 0.44 cups in PR). Intake of whole grains was higher in MA (0.54 oz) than in PR (0.23 oz) and dairy products intake was higher in PR (1.2 cups) than in MA (0.7 cups$$$ p<0.001), but both were below the guidelines. Estimated contribution of calories from solid fats and added sugars (SoFAs) was 30% in PR and 32% in MA, which is higher than guidelines (14%). Added sugar was higher in PR (9.2 tsp) compared to MA (5.2 tsp$$$ p<0.01). Conclusion: PR met the recommendations for fruits, starchy vegetables, and beans while MA met the recommendations for fruits, vegetables, starchy vegetables and beans. Both groups had intakes below the recommendations for whole grains and dairy products but above for SoFAS. MA and PR female breast cancer survivors have different dietary patterns, but could benefit from similar targeted interventions to reduce consumption of SoFAS, and to increase the proportion of whole grains consumed. Larger studies are needed to confirm these results but these preliminary results could help design interventions specifically targeted to each group to improve diet quality, which could potentially prevent cancer recurrence in this group.
Whole milk intake is associated with prostate cancer-specific mortality among U.S. male physicians$$$ Previous studies have associated higher milk intake with greater prostate cancer (PCa) incidence, but little data are available concerning milk types and the relation between milk intake and risk of fatal PCa. We investigated the association between intake of dairy products and the incidence and survival of PCa during a 28‐y follow‐up. We conducted a cohort study in the Physicians' Health Study (n = 21,660) and a survival analysis among the incident PCa cases (n = 2806). Information on dairy product consumption was collected at baseline. PCa cases and deaths (n = 305) were confirmed during follow‐up. The intake of total dairy products was associated with increased PCa incidence [HR = 1.12 (95% CI: 0.93, 1.35)$$$ >2.5 servings/d vs. ≤0.5 servings/d]. Skim/low‐fat milk intake was positively associated with risk of low‐grade, early stage, and screen‐detected cancers, whereas whole milk intake was associated only with fatal PCa [HR = 1.49 (95% CI: 0.97, 2.28)$$$ ≥237 mL/d (1 serving/d) vs. rarely consumed]. In the survival analysis, whole milk intake remained associated with risk of progression to fatal disease after diagnosis [HR = 2.17 (95% CI: 1.34, 3.51)]. In this prospective cohort, higher intake of skim/low‐fat milk was associated with a greater risk of nonaggressive PCa. Most importantly, only whole milk was consistently associated with higher incidence of fatal PCa in the entire cohort and higher PCa‐specific mortality among cases. These findings add further evidence to suggest the potential role of dairy products in the development and prognosis of PCa.
A provegetarian food pattern and reduction in total mortality in the Prevencion con Dieta Mediterranea (PREDIMED) study$$$ BACKGROUND: Vegetarian diets have been associated with reduced mortality. Because a pure vegetarian diet might not easily be embraced by many individuals, consuming preferentially plant‐derived foods would be a more easily understood message. A provegetarian food pattern (FP) emphasizing preference for plant‐derived foods might reduce all‐cause mortality. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to identify the association between an a priori‐defined provegetarian FP and all‐cause mortality. DESIGN: We followed 7216 participants (57% women$$$ mean age: 67 y) at high cardiovascular risk for a median of 4.8 y. A validated 137‐item semiquantitative food‐frequency questionnaire was administered at baseline and yearly thereafter. Fruit, vegetables, nuts, cereals, legumes, olive oil, and potatoes were positively weighted. Added animal fats, eggs, fish, dairy products, and meats or meat products were negatively weighted. Energy‐adjusted quintiles were used to assign points to build the provegetarian FP (range: 12‐60 points). Deaths were confirmed by review of medical records and the National Death Index. RESULTS: There were 323 deaths during the follow‐up period (76 from cardiovascular causes, 130 from cancer, 117 for noncancer, noncardiovascular causes). Higher baseline conformity with the provegetarian FP was associated with lower mortality (multivariable‐adjusted HR for ≥ 40 compared with <30 points: 0.59$$$ 95% CI: 0.40, 0.88). Similar results were found with the use of updated information on diet (RR: 0.59$$$ 95% CI: 0.39, 0.89). CONCLUSIONS: Among omnivorous subjects at high cardiovascular risk, better conformity with an FP that emphasized plant‐derived foods was associated with a reduced risk of all‐cause mortality. This trial was registered at www.controlled‐trials.com as ISRCTN35739639.
A provegetarian food pattern and reduction in total mortality in the Prevención con Dieta Mediterránea (PREDIMED) study$$$ BACKGROUND: Vegetarian diets have been associated with reduced mortality. Because a pure vegetarian diet might not easily be embraced by many individuals, consuming preferentially plant‐derived foods would be a more easily understood message. A provegetarian food pattern (FP) emphasizing preference for plant‐derived foods might reduce all‐cause mortality. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to identify the association between an a priori‐defined provegetarian FP and all‐cause mortality. DESIGN: We followed 7216 participants (57% women$$$ mean age: 67 y) at high cardiovascular risk for a median of 4.8 y. A validated 137‐item semiquantitative food‐frequency questionnaire was administered at baseline and yearly thereafter. Fruit, vegetables, nuts, cereals, legumes, olive oil, and potatoes were positively weighted. Added animal fats, eggs, fish, dairy products, and meats or meat products were negatively weighted. Energy‐adjusted quintiles were used to assign points to build the provegetarian FP (range: 12‐60 points). Deaths were confirmed by review of medical records and the National Death Index. RESULTS: There were 323 deaths during the follow‐up period (76 from cardiovascular causes, 130 from cancer, 117 for noncancer, noncardiovascular causes). Higher baseline conformity with the provegetarian FP was associated with lower mortality (multivariable‐adjusted HR for ≥ 40 compared with <30 points: 0.59$$$ 95% CI: 0.40, 0.88). Similar results were found with the use of updated information on diet (RR: 0.59$$$ 95% CI: 0.39, 0.89). CONCLUSIONS: Among omnivorous subjects at high cardiovascular risk, better conformity with an FP that emphasized plant‐derived foods was associated with a reduced risk of all‐cause mortality. This trial was registered at www.controlled‐trials.com as ISRCTN35739639.
study of use of katak seeds powder for management of Diabetes Mellitus$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Katak yoga: katak seeds soaked with buttermilk, dried and then pounded to fine powder used orally 5 grams twice a day before both meals along with honey and metformin for three months. Control Intervention1: Metformin: oral hypoglycemic drug metformin used in 500 mg twice a day dose CONDITION: madhumeha PRIMARY OUTCOME: Control Blood Sugar level Fasting and Postprandial, HBA1C of patients along with the symptoms like increased micturation,burning of sole, etc.‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: three months SECONDARY OUTCOME: Main concept behind this study, is not only to control the blood sugar levels, but to cure diabetic patient along with symptoms as holistic approach.‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: three months INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Blood sugar level fasting between 100 to 130 2. Blood sugar level postprandial between 150 to 180 3. HBA1C 5.7 to 6.4
159MO Low-dose abiraterone with fatty food versus standard dose abiraterone in metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer$$$ Background: Standard dose of Abiraterone Acetate (AA) for metastatic CRPC is 1000mg/day in two divided doses to be taken on empty stomach. Food intake has shown alteration in pharmacokinetics of AA. Phase I studies have shown a 4.4 fold increase in drug absorption when taken with a high fat meal. Based on this hypothesis, studies have shown that low dose AA with a fatty meal is non inferior to standard dose. We did a prospective study of AA to confirm the same. Methods: The primary objective of this study was to compare PSA response rate at 12 weeks with low dose (250mg) versus Standard dose (1000mg) Abiraterone Acetate. It was conducted from Dec 2019 to Dec 2020 and was a prospective randomised open‐label study, where 70 consecutive patients with mCRPC were randomized in 1:1 ratio to receive low‐dose AA ( 250 mg with a fatty meal) or Standard‐dose AA (1000 mg in fasting state). Both groups received Prednisone at 5 mg twice daily. Recommended options for fatty meal included : a. Two teaspoons of Ghee b. Two teaspoons of Groundnut chutney c. Two teaspoons of clarified Butter. Results: In the standard dose AA arm 32 out of 35 patients had bone metastasis while 3 patients had both bone and lymph nodal metastases. In low dose AA arm, 23 patients out of 35 had bone metastasis only while 12 patients had both bone and lymph nodal metastasis. Median baseline PSA level in the standard dose arm was 47 and in the low dose arm it was 65. At 12 weeks, in the standard AA arm, 2 patients out of 35 had PSA progression. The mean response to standard dose Abiraterone acetate was 68%. In the low dose AA arm, none of the patients had PSA progression. The mean response rate in the low dose arm was 82%. Fatigue (13 vs 12 patients in standard vs low dose arm respectively), Hypertension (12 vs 10 patients in standard vs low dose) hypokalaemia (11 patients in each arm) and fluid retention (9 vs 3 in standard vs low dose arm) were observed. Conclusions: In metastatic CRPC, low dose AA taken with fatty meal is similar to standard dose AA in terms of PSA response and tolerance. In low resource countries like India, decreasing treatment costs will increase access to treatment, improve compliance and prevent interruption in treatment. Legal entity responsible for the study: The authors. Funding: Has not received any funding. Disclosure: All authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
Regorafenib dose-optimisation in patients with refractory metastatic colorectal cancer (ReDOS): a randomised, multicentre, open-label, phase 2 study$$$ FUNDING: Bayer HealthCare Pharmaceuticals. BACKGROUND: Regorafenib confers an overall survival benefit in patients with refractory metastatic colorectal cancer$$$ however, the adverse event profile of regorafenib has limited its use. Despite no supportive evidence, various dosing schedules are used clinically to alleviate toxicities. This study evaluated the safety and activity of two regorafenib dosing schedules. METHODS: In this randomised, multicentre, open‐label, phase 2 study done in 39 outpatient cancer centres in the USA, adults aged 18 years or older with histologically or cytologically confirmed advanced or metastatic adenocarcinoma of the colon or rectum that was refractory to previous standard therapy, including EGFR inhibitors if KRAS wild‐type, were enrolled. Eligible patients had an Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status of 0‐1 and had no previous treatment with regorafenib. Patients were randomly assigned (1:1:1:1) into four groups with two distinct regorafenib dosing strategies and two clobetasol usage plans, stratified by hospital. Regorafenib dosing strategies were a dose‐escalation strategy (starting dose 80 mg/day orally with weekly escalation, per 40 mg increment, to 160 mg/day regorafenib) if no significant drug‐related adverse events occurred and a standard‐dose strategy (160 mg/day orally) for 21 days of a 28‐day cycle. Clobetasol usage plans (0·05% clobetasol cream twice daily applied to palms and soles) were either pre‐emptive or reactive. After randomisation to the four preplanned groups, using the Pocock and Simon dynamic allocation procedures stratified by the treating hospitals, we formally tested the interaction between the two interventions, dosing strategy and clobetasol usage. Given the absence of a significant interaction (p=0·74), we decided to pool the data for the pre‐emptive and reactive treatment with clobetasol and compared the two dosing strategies (dose escalation vs standard dose). The primary endpoint was the proportion of evaluable patients (defined as those who were eligible, consented, and received any protocol treatment) initiating cycle 3 and was analysed per protocol. Superiority for dose escalation was declared if the one‐sided p value with Fisher's exact test was less than 0·2. This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT02368886. This study is fully accrued but remains active. INTERPRETATION: The dose‐escalation dosing strategy represents an alternative approach for optimising regorafenib dosing with comparable activity and lower incidence of adverse events and could be implemented in clinical practice on the basis of these data. FINDINGS: Between June 2, 2015, and June 22, 2017, 123 patients were randomly assigned to treatment, of whom 116 (94%) were evaluable. The per‐protocol population consisted of 54 patients in the dose‐escalation group and 62 in the standard‐dose group. At data cutoff on July 24, 2018, median follow‐up was 1·18 years (IQR 0·98‐1·57). The primary endpoint was met: 23 (43%, 95% CI 29‐56) of 54 patients in the dose‐escalation group initiated cycle 3 versus 16 (26%, 15‐37) of 62 patients in the standard‐dose group (one‐sided p=0·043). The most common grade 3‐4 adverse events were fatigue (seven [13%] patients in the dose‐escalation group vs 11 [18%] in the standard‐dose group), hand‐foot skin reaction (eight [15%] patients vs ten [16%] patients), abdominal pain (nine [17%] patients vs four [6%] patients), and hypertension (four [7%] patients vs nine [15%] patients). 14 patients had at least one drug‐related serious adverse event: six patients in the dose‐escalation group and eight patients in the standard‐dose group. There was one probable treatment‐related death in the standard‐dose group (myocardial infarction).
Effect of breakfast food made from popped Rajgira millet for weight loss$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Therapeutic food: Amaranthus, Ragi, Rasona, Methi, Shunth, Marich, Pippali, Badar,Ajamoda,Jirak,Haridra,Hingu, Twak, Dhanyaka. Intervention2: Amaranthus based therapeutic food: 30gm with 200ml buttermilk (anupana) once a day at abhakta kala for 90 days Control Intervention1: Control group (Non Ayurvedic comparator arm): No food or herbal items will be given to the group. Individuals already following specific diet and physical exercise will be observed. CONDITION: Health Condition 1: E669‐ Obesity, unspecified Health Condition 2: E663‐ Overweight PRIMARY OUTCOME: 1) Primary outcomes : $$$ i) Five percent loss in body weight $$$ ii) At least five percent of the participants will show weight loss.Timepoint: follow ups on Day 10‐25‐40‐55‐70‐85‐94th SECONDARY OUTCOME: Reduction in $$$ i) Anthropometric parameters $$$ ii) Biochemical parameters $$$ iii) Subjective parametersTimepoint: 90 DAYS INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) Patients of age range between 20‐60 years 2) Patients having BMI equal to or more than 27.5 kg/ m 2 (obese). 3) Patients having at least 4 of 9 selected clinical signs and symptoms of sthaulya. (refer annexure II) 4) Patients who are willing to follow diet as well as exercise.
Mediterranean diet and DASH diet can be protective for ascending aortic aneurysm$$$ Background and Aim: Out of one hundred thousand people randomly selected, 5 or 10 may have ascending aortic aneurysms (AAA). Ascending aorta dilation may potentially occur when the extracellular matrix is deformed and destructed, and in long periods, the aortic wall is exposed to hemodynamic force, for instance, led by high blood pressure. In the pathophysiological aspect, although which mechanisms may cause AAAs has been now better understood by means of recent studies, there are limited biomarkers for risk assessment of aneurysms. Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet is a dietary model that recommends moderate sodium intake and low intake of saturated fat, cholesterol and simple sugar, rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and low‐fat dairy products. It is reported to be sustainable throughout the life, since no food group or food is prohibited in the DASH diet and there are no difficulties in its administration. DASH diet$$$ It is widely recommended for individuals with hypertension, and this diet aims to balance blood pressure. The DASH diet is thought to have potential benefits in terms of diabetes, cancer and heart disease as well as balancing blood pressure. Today, the typical Mediterranean diet (MD) is nutritionally safe and adequate, rich in biodiversity, eco‐friendly, economically beneficial (supportive of local food production) and among sustainable diets with its socio‐cultural characteristics. MD is characterized by high amounts of vegetable intake, fruits, hazelnut and unsaturated fatty acids, moderate consumption of dairy products (mainly cheese and yoghurt) and fish and low amounts of red meat and unprocessed products. According to many prospective studies, MD decreased the mortality caused by cardiovascular diseases and was associated with a decrease in the incidence of myocardial infarction and stroke. The benefits of both diet regimens on hypertension and cardiovascular diseases are known. In the light of this information, we aimed to investigate the relationship between DASH and MD with AAA. Methods: 30 consecutive patients with AAA and 50 consecutive patients with normal ascending aortic diameter were recruited into the study by comprehensive transthoracic echocardiography. MD and DASH diet score questionnaires were performed to all patients. All data were compared between groups. Results: Hs‐CRP levels (p=0.015) hypertension rate (p=0.014) were higher in AAA group. Mean MD adherence score (p<0.001) and mean DASH diet score (p<0.001) was lower in AAA group. Multivariable logistic regression analyses demonstrated that MD adherence score (p=0.017), DASH diet score (p<0.001), Hs‐CRP levels (p=0.045) and hypertension (p=0.038) were independently associated with AAA. Conclusions: In our study, it was determined that MD and DASH diet could have potential positive effects on AAA. However, larger and more comprehensive studies are needed to prove our hypothesis.
Five-Year Results of a Randomized Controlled Trial Comparing Effectiveness of Photodynamic Therapy, Topical Imiquimod, and Topical 5-Fluorouracil in Patients with Superficial Basal Cell Carcinoma$$$ For the treatment of superficial basal cell carcinoma, a prospective, noninferiority, randomized controlled multicenter trial with 601 patients showed that 5% imiquimod cream was superior and 5‐fluorouracil cream not inferior to methyl aminolevulinate photodynamic therapy (MAL‐PDT) at 1 and 3 years after treatment. No definite conclusion could be drawn regarding the superiority of imiquimod over 5‐fluorouracil. We now present the 5‐year follow‐up results according to the intention‐to‐treat analysis. Five years after treatment, the probability of tumor‐free survival was 62.7% for methyl aminolevulinate photodynamic therapy (95% confidence interval [CI] = 55.3‐69.2), 80.5% for imiquimod (95% CI = 74.0‐85.6), and 70.0% for 5‐fluorouracil (95% CI = 62.9‐76.0). The hazard ratio for treatment failure of imiquimod and 5‐fluorouracil were 0.48 (95% CI = 0.32‐0.71, P < 0.001) and 0.74 (95% CI = 0.53‐1.05, P = 0.09), respectively, when compared with methyl aminolevulinate photodynamic therapy. Compared with 5‐fluorouracil, imiquimod showed a hazard ratio of 0.65 (95% CI 0.43‐0.98, P = 0.04). In conclusion, 5 years after treatment, the results of this trial show that 5% imiquimod cream is superior to both methyl aminolevulinate photodynamic therapy and 5‐fluorouracil cream in terms of efficacy for superficial basal cell carcinoma. We therefore consider 5% imiquimod cream as the first choice for noninvasive treatment in most primary superficial basal cell carcinomas.
Effect of soy protein on blood pressure in prehypertensive/stage 1 hypertensive adults$$$ Research is mixed on the BP lowering effect of soy protein. However, even if such effects are modest, reductions in hypertension‐related mortality and morbidity in the population could be significant. Thus, the aims were to determine if daily intake of soy milk made from whole soy beans (WSB) or soy protein isolate (SPI) for 8 weeks reduces BP compared to cow's milk (CM) and if the nature of soymilk, WSB (Silk) or SPI (8th Continent) has a bearing on the degree of effect in pre‐/Stage I hypertensives. Participants (n=68) consumed the randomly assigned beverage equal to 21 g of protein/d in this single‐blind study. BP was measured in‐house using the recommended office assessment and with a 24‐hr ambulatory BP monitor at baseline, 4 and 8 weeks. Data analysis shows that while baseline BP did not differ across groups, responses to treatment differed based on the method used to assess BP. In‐house data showed significant improvements in systolic BP (SBP) for all groups and in diastolic BP (DBP) for only the CM group. Ambulatory data showed a significant improvement in DBP for only the CM group. Ambulatory BP likely provides more insight about overall BP because 1) measures are taken every 15 min for 24 h and 2) it also overcomes “whitecoat syndrome” (inflation of BP due to testing environment). Overall, soy protein did not have a greater effect in lowering BP compared to milk protein, and no difference between WSB and SPI was noted.
Early Biomarkers of Hypoxia and Inflammation and Two-Year Neurodevelopmental Outcomes in the Preterm Erythropoietin Neuroprotection (PENUT) Trial$$$ Background: In the Preterm Erythropoietin (Epo) NeUroproTection (PENUT) Trial, potential biomarkers of neurological injury were measured to determine their association with outcomes at two years of age and whether Epo treatment decreased markers of inflammation in extremely preterm (<28 weeks’ gestation) infants. Methods: Plasma Epo was measured (n=391 Epo, n=384 placebo) within 24h after birth (baseline), 30min after study drug administration (day 7), 30min before study drug (day 9), and on day 14. A subset of infants (n=113 Epo, n=107 placebo) had interferon‐gamma (IFN‐γ), Interleukin (IL)‐6, IL‐8, IL‐10, Tau, and tumour necrosis factor‐α (TNF‐α) levels evaluated at baseline, day 7 and 14. Infants were then evaluated at 2 years using the Bayley Scales of Infant and Toddler Development, 3rd Edition (BSID‐III). Findings: Elevated baseline Epo was associated with increased risk of death or severe disability (BSID‐III Motor and Cognitive subscales <70 or severe cerebral palsy). No difference in other biomarkers were seen between treatment groups at any time, though Epo appeared to mitigate the association between elevated baseline IL‐6 and lower BSID‐III scores in survivors. Elevated baseline, day 7 and 14 Tau concentrations were associated with worse BSID‐III Cognitive, Motor, and Language skills at two years. Interpretation: Elevated Epo at baseline and elevated Tau in the first two weeks after birth predict poor outcomes in infants born extremely preterm. However, no clear prognostic cut‐off values are apparent, and further work is required before these biomarkers can be widely implemented in clinical practice. Funding: PENUT was funded by the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke (U01NS077955 and U01NS077953).
An investigation into the impacts of early access to a dietitian-led multimodal cancer cachexia intervention in metastatic cancer (CACHEXIA-CARE): an RCT protocol$$$ Background and Objectives: The management of cancer‐related malnutrition (CRM) and cachexia (CC), remains challenging due to its multifactorial aetiology. While multimodal interventions have been proposed to target the complex aetiology, further pragmatic trials are required to demonstrate efficacy. Moreover, while efficacy of interventions is reported to be poor in advanced CC, there is no validated means of identifying patients early in the CRM trajectory who might benefit from intervention. Methods: This RCT will recruit 70 patients with incurable pancreatic, oesophageal, gastric or lung cancer due to begin first‐line systemic treatment. To achieve 80% power for the primary outcome, n=30 is required, while n=70 allows for greater variation in secondary outcomes. Patients will be randomised 1:1 (open‐label) to intervention or control arms. The personalised 12‐week multimodal intervention (initial consultation with a registered dietitian (RD) + weekly follow‐up) includes dietary counselling (ESPEN targets), symptom management, exercise prescription (population targets) and 2 daily servings of a novel powdered oral nutritional supplement for reconstitution (46 g + 150 ml whole milk provides 264 kcal, 26 g protein (incl. 3.5 g Amino L40 (leucine‐rich amino acid blend)) &7.5 mcg vitamin D3). The control group receive no routine dietetic input. All patients receive standard oncological care and written resources on diet and cancer. Results: Assessments at weeks 0, 2, 4, 8 and 12 will use a variety of simple and gold‐standard techniques (including anthropometry, bioelectrical impedance &CT body composition analysis) to comprehensively monitor nutritional, functional and clinical status. The primary outcome is CC prevalence in intervention vs. control at week 12, according to the 2011 International Consensus Criteria. Analyses will be conducted on an intention‐to‐treat basis. Secondary &exploratory outcomes include intervention feasibility, relative efficacy according to CRM severity at recruitment, intervention impact on quality of life, physical activity level, overall survival and clinical complications as well as the diagnostic validity of various nutritional assessment methods. Conclusions: This RCT will add to the emerging evidence‐base for multimodal interventions in advanced cancer, and will examine the validity of currently available assessment techniques in appropriate selection of patients with potential to benefit from such interventions.
An investigation into the impacts of early access to a dietitian-led multimodal cancer cachexia intervention in metastatic cancer (CACHEXIA-CARE): an RCT protocol$$$ Background and Objectives: The management of cancer‐related malnutrition (CRM) and cachexia (CC), remains challenging due to its multifactorial aetiology. While multimodal interventions have been proposed to target the complex aetiology, further pragmatic trials are required to demonstrate efficacy. Moreover, while efficacy of interventions is reported to be poor in advanced CC, there is no validated means of identifying patients early in the CRM trajectory who might benefit from intervention. Methods: This RCT will recruit 70 patients with incurable pancreatic, oesophageal, gastric or lung cancer due to begin first‐line systemic treatment. To achieve 80% power for the primary outcome, n=30 is required, while n=70 allows for greater variation in secondary outcomes. Patients will be randomised 1:1 (open‐label) to intervention or control arms. The personalised 12‐week multimodal intervention (initial consultation with a registered dietitian (RD) + weekly follow‐up) includes dietary counselling (ESPEN targets), symptom management, exercise prescription (population targets) and 2 daily servings of a novel powdered oral nutritional supplement for reconstitution (46 g + 150 ml whole milk provides 264 kcal, 26 g protein (incl. 3.5 g Amino L40 © (leucine‐rich amino acid blend)) & 7.5 mcg vitamin D3). The control group receive no routine dietetic input. All patients receive standard oncological care and written resources on diet and cancer. Results: Assessments at weeks 0, 2, 4, 8 and 12 will use a variety of simple and gold‐standard techniques (including anthropometry, bioelectrical impedance & CT body composition analysis) to comprehensively monitor nutritional, functional and clinical status. The primary outcome is CC prevalence in intervention vs. control at week 12, according to the 2011 International Consensus Criteria. Analyses will be conducted on an intention‐to‐treat basis. Secondary & exploratory outcomes include intervention feasibility, relative efficacy according to CRM severity at recruitment, intervention impact on quality of life, physical activity level, overall survival and clinical complications as well as the diagnostic validity of various nutritional assessment methods. Conclusions: This RCT will add to the emerging evidence‐base for multimodal interventions in advanced cancer, and will examine the validity of currently available assessment techniques in appropriate selection of patients with potential to benefit from such interventions.
Chemoprevention of Basal and Squamous Cell Carcinoma With a Single Course of Fluorouracil, 5%, Cream: a Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Importance: Keratinocyte carcinoma (ie, cutaneous basal and squamous cell carcinoma) is the most common cancer in the United States. Objective: To determine whether topical fluorouracil could prevent surgically treated keratinocyte carcinoma. Design, Setting, and Participants: The Veterans Affairs Keratinocyte Carcinoma Chemoprevention Trial was a randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial of topical fluorouracil for chemoprevention of keratinocyte carcinoma. Participants were recruited from May 2009 to September 2011 from 12 Veterans Affairs medical centers and followed until June 30, 2013. Participants were veterans (n = 932) with a history of at least 2 keratinocyte carcinomas in the past 5 years$$$ almost all were white males and the median age was 70 years. Interventions: Application of fluorouracil, 5%, (n = 468) or vehicle control cream (n = 464) to the face and ears twice daily for 2 to 4 weeks upon randomization. Main Outcomes and Measures: Surgically treated keratinocyte, basal cell, and squamous cell carcinoma risk on the face and ears in the first year after enrollment$$$ and time to first surgically treated keratinocyte, basal cell, and squamous cell carcinoma. The a priori hypothesis was that fluorouracil would be effective in preventing these cancers. Results: Of 932 participants (916 men [98%]$$$ 926 white [99%]$$$ median age, 70 years), 299 developed a basal cell carcinoma end point (95 in year 1) and 108 developed a squamous cell carcinoma end point (25 in year 1) over 4 years (median follow‐up, 2.8 years). Over the entire study, there was no difference between treatment groups in time to first keratinocyte, basal cell, or squamous cell carcinoma. During the first year, however, 5 participants (1%) in the fluorouracil group developed a squamous cell carcinoma vs 20 (4%) in the control group, a 75% (95% CI, 35%‐91%) risk reduction (P = .002). The 11% reduction in basal cell carcinoma risk during year 1 (45 [10%] in the fluorouracil group vs 50 [11%] in the control group) was not statistically significant (95% CI, 39% reduction to 31% increase), nor was there a significant effect on keratinocyte carcinoma risk. However, a reduction in keratinocyte carcinomas treated with Mohs surgery was observed. Conclusions and Relevance: A conventional course of fluorouracil to the face and ears substantially reduces surgery for squamous cell carcinoma for 1 year without significantly affecting the corresponding risk for basal cell carcinoma. Trial Registration: clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT00847912.
Add-on effect of Ayurvedic treatment protocol for diabetic retinopathy: a randomized controlled clinical study$$$ BACKGROUND: Diabetic retinopathy (DR), the leading cause of visual disability in diabetics, is a significant complication of diabetes mellitus. Currently available conventional treatments for DR have certain limitations, considering which Ayurvedic treatment protocol was designed. AIM: The aim of this study was to evaluate the clinical efficacy of the Ayurvedic treatment protocol for DR. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This was a randomized, controlled, black box design clinical study conducted from April 2016 to September 2017 by the department of Shalakya Tantra of a tertiary academic hospital in Western India. A hundred patients of DR in the age group 30‐70 years were randomly divided into two groups by simple random sampling using computer‐generated random number tables. In the trial group (n = 70), the preparatory phase included Dipana‐Pachana (stomachic and digestant), Koshtha Shodhana (mild therapeutic purgation), and Shiro Virechana (eliminative nasal medication). The treatment phase included Marsha Nasya (nasal medication) and Pratimarsha Nasya (nasal medication of mild dose) with Durvadi Ghrita, Takra Dhara (pouring medicated buttermilk over the scalp) with Siddha Takra, and intake of Rasayana Yoga (treatment duration ‐ 3 months). In the control group (n = 30), patients were kept under conservative treatment and observed during the trial period of 3 months. Patients of both groups continued with their treatment for diabetes and DR if any. Two follow‐ups were done at an interval of 15 days. The primary outcomes were objective signs like best‐corrected visual acuity (BCVA)$$$ ophthalmoscopic signs such as superficial hemorrhages, dot‐blot hemorrhages, hard exudates, cotton wool spots, neovascularization disc, neovascularization elsewhere, and fibrovascular proliferation$$$ subjective symptoms such as diminished vision, blurred vision, frequent changes in presbyopia glasses, perception of flashes of light, floaters, and problem for dark adaptation. The secondary outcomes were fasting blood sugar (FBS), postprandial blood sugar (PPBS), urine sugar, serum cholesterol, hemoglobin (Hb), glycosylated HbA1C, liver function test, and renal function test outcomes were assessed before and after the treatment. RESULTS: Ninety participants were included in the analysis of the primary outcome (62 in the trial and 28 in the control group). The trial group provided better results which were statistically significant on dot‐blot hemorrhages, superficial hemorrhages, hard exudates, BCVA, FBS, and serum cholesterol. Both the groups provided almost similar effects in PPBS, Hb, HbA1C, and urine sugar which were statistically insignificant. Adverse effects were not reported in any of the patient among either groups. CONCLUSION: Ayurvedic treatment protocol is safe and effective in DR.
A whole food, plant-based (WFPB) dietary intervention to improve cardiometabolic and cancer-related outcomes in women with breast cancer$$$ Background: With dramatically rising obesity rates in the US, obesity at breast cancer diagnosis is common$$$ further compounding the problem is that breast cancer treatment often results in additional weight gain. Among women undergoing breast cancer treatment, both obesity at diagnosis and postdiagnosis weight gain are associated with increased all‐cause mortality and increased breast cancer mortality. We tested a WFPB dietary intervention in metastatic breast cancer patients to improve cardiometabolic and cancer‐related outcomes, as it has been shown to reduce weight and improves cardiometabolic health in overweight and obese individuals. Methods: Women with stage 4 breast cancer receiving treatment were randomized 2:1 into 2 arms: 1) a WFPB diet (N=21) or 2) usual diet (N=11) for 8 weeks with assessments at baseline, 4, and 8 weeks. Our WFPB diet consisted of an ad libitum whole food, plant‐based diet$$$ 3 meals/day were provided to WFPB subjects, which included fruits, vegetables, whole grains, nuts and seeds, and excluded meat, dairy, eggs, and added oils/solid fats. WFPB subjects received weekly education regarding diet. Subjects in the usual care group were asked to continue their usual diet for the next 8 weeks. Outcomes include cardiometabolic risk factors, related sex hormones, and cancer progression markers. Effects of the WFPB diet on the outcomes were assessed by comparing marginal means by arm estimated at 8 weeks from the analysis of covariance model controlling for the baseline value. Results: Of the 32 subjects randomized, 30 subjects (20 WFPB and 10 usual care) completed all 3 assessments. Reductions in weight, BMI, total cholesterol, and LDL cholesterol were statistically significant as well as clinically meaningful, both within the WFPB group and between the groups. In the WFPB group, subjects lost a mean of 6.2% of their body weight versus 0.7% body weight loss in the control group (p< 0.01). LDL cholesterol was reduced by a mean of 20.0% in the WFPB subjects versus a 10.6% increase in control subjects (p< 0.01). Reductions in insulin and HOMA‐IR, a measure of insulin sensitivity, were statistically significant within the WFPB group and trended towards significance between the groups. Sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG) levels increased significantly both within the WFPB group and between groups. There was a significant decrease in both IGF‐1 and free testosterone within the WFPB group from baseline to week 8. Conclusions: Our WFPB intervention resulted in improvements in several cardiometabolic and hormonal markers. The intentional weight loss, which was clinically large given the duration of the trial, was accompanied by reduced cholesterol, insulin resistance, free testosterone, and IGF‐1. Given the moderate to large effect sizes noted, further study is warranted to evaluate the sustainability of benefits over time and to assess their potential impact on cancer‐related outcomes. (Table Presented).
Effect of breastfeeding on mortality among HIV-1 infected women: a randomised trial$$$ BACKGROUND: We have completed a randomised clinical trial of breastfeeding and formula feeding to identify the frequency of breastmilk transmission of HIV‐1 to infants. However, we also analysed data from this trial to examine the effect of breastfeeding on maternal death rates during 2 years after delivery. We report our findings from this secondary analysis. METHODS: Pregnant women attending four Nairobi city council clinics were offered HIVtests. At about 32 weeks' gestation, 425 HIV‐1 seropositive women were randomly allocated to either breastfeed or formula feed their infants. After delivery, mother‐infant pairs were followed up monthly during the first year and quarterly during the second year until death, or 2 years after delivery, or end of study. FINDINGS: Mortality among mothers was higher in the breastfeeding group than in the formula group (18 vs 6 deaths, log rank test, p=0.009). The cumulative probability of maternal death at 24 months after delivery was 10.5% in the breastfeeding group and 3.8% in the formula group (p=0.02). The relative risk of death for breastfeeding mothers versus formula feeding mothers was 3.2 (95% CI 1.3‐8.1, p=0.01). The attributable risk of maternal death due to breastfeeding was 69%. There was an association between maternal death and subsequent infant death, even after infant HIV‐1 infection status was controlled for (relative risk 7.9, 95% CI 3.3‐18.6, p<0.001). INTERPRETATION: Our findings suggest that breastfeeding by HIV‐1 infected women might result in adverse outcomes for both mother and infant.
Total volume and composition of fluid intake and mortality in older women: a cohort study$$$ Objectives The health benefits of ? €? drinking at least 8 glasses of water a day" in healthy individuals are largely unproven. We aimed to examine the relationship between total fluid and the sources of fluid consumption, risk of rapid renal decline, cardiovascular disease (CVD) mortality and all‐cause mortality in elderly women. Design, setting and participants We conducted a longitudinal analysis of a population‐based cohort study of 1055 women aged ≥70? €...years residing in Australia. Main outcome measures The associations between total daily fluid intake (defined as total volume of beverage excluding alcohol and milk) and the types of fluid (water, black tea, coffee, milk and other fluids) measured as cups per day and rapid renal decline, CVD and all‐cause mortality were assessed using adjusted logistic and Cox regression analyses. Results Over a follow‐up period of 10? €...years, 70 (6.6%) experienced rapid renal decline and 362 (34.4%) died, of which 142 (13.5%) deaths were attributed to CVD. The median (IQR) intake of total fluid was 10.4 (8.5‐12.5) cups per day, with water (median (IQR) 4 (2‐6) cups per day) and black tea (median (IQR) 3 (1‐4) cups per day) being the most frequent type of fluid consumed. Every cup per day higher intake of black tea was associated with adjusted HRs of 0.90 (95% CI 0.81 to 0.99) and 0.92 (95% CI 0.86 to 0.98) for CVD mortality and all‐cause mortality, respectively. There were no associations between black tea intake and rapid renal decline, or between the quantity or type of other fluids, including water intake, and any clinical outcomes. Conclusions Habitual higher intake of black tea may potentially improve long‐term health outcomes, independent of treating traditional CVD risk factors, but validation of our study findings is essential.
Clinical Study on the Health Benefits of TT Compounded Asafoetida Powder in Adults with Diabetes Mellitus Type II$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: TT Compounded Asafoetida Power: Dose 1g of TT Compounded Asafoetida Powder in 1 glass‐approx 300ml‐of buttermilk and consumed once a day Dosage : Once a day for 96 days Route of Administration : Oral Treatment Duration : 96 days Control Intervention1: Not Applicable: Not Applicable CONDITION: Health Condition 1: K590‐ Constipation Health Condition 2: I10‐ Essential (primary) hypertension Health Condition 3: K297‐ Gastritis, unspecified Health Condition 4: E785‐ Hyperlipidemia, unspecified Health Condition 5: E119‐ Type 2 diabetes mellitus without complications PRIMARY OUTCOME: Stage 1 Day 1to 48 $$$ FBG 10% reduction $$$ PPG 10% reduction $$$ HbA1C 10% reduction $$$ Dyslipidemia 10% reduction $$$ Amlapitta Symptoms Scale 25% reduction $$$ Constipation Severity Scale 25% reduction $$$ Hypertension : Improvement of 5 mmHg $$$ Stage 2 Day 1to 96 $$$ FBG 125 mg/dL or 20% reduction $$$ PPG 140 ‐ 199 mg/dL or 20% reduction $$$ HbA1C 6.4% A1C levels or 20% reduction $$$ Dyslipidemia 20% reduction $$$ Amlapitta Symptoms Scale Score of 8 $$$ Constipation Severity Scale Score of 5 $$$ Hypertension Normal BPTimepoint: Stage 1 Day 1to 48 $$$ FBG Day 1, Day 48 $$$ PPG Day 1, Day 48 $$$ HbA1C Day 1, Day 48 $$$ Dyslipidemia Day 1, Day 48 $$$ Amlapitta Symptoms Scale Day 1, Day 48 $$$ Constipation Severity Scale Day 1, Day 48 $$$ Hypertension : Day 1, Day 48 $$$ Stage 2 Day 1to 96 $$$ FBG Day 1, Day 96 $$$ PPG Day 1, Day 96 $$$ HbA1C Day 1, Day 96 $$$ Dyslipidemia Day 1, Day 96 $$$ Amlapitta Symptoms Scale Day 1, Day 96 $$$ Constipation Severity Scale Day 1, Day 96 $$$ Hypertension Day 1, Day 96 SECONDARY OUTCOME: NoneTimepoint: None INCLUSION CRITERIA: Must be prone to gastritis a minimum of 4 episodes per month and must have had minimum one episode one week prior to screening. Subjects to score a total of Greater than or equal to 16 in the Amlapitta Symptoms Scale at screening. 5. Cohort 3‐Constipation‐Must be prone to constipation a minimum of 4 episodes per month and must have had minimum one episode one week prior to screening. Subjects to score a total of Greater than or equal to 10 in the Constipation Severity Scale at screening. 6. Cohort 4‐Hypertension‐History of hypertension‐systolic and or diastolic‐a minimum of 3 months prior to screening. Must have elevated blood pressure‐sitting, arm‐at the time of screening. 7. Subjects who are on OHA or Insulin and or AYUSH remedies for the management of Diabetes Mellitus Type II 8. Subjects who willing to abstain from any remedies‐allopathic, natural, home remedies‐for relief or treatment of cohort in
To evaluate efficacy and safety of proprietary healthy diet combinations for weight management in overweight volunteers$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: PRP‐02‐ 10 minutes before all 3 meals‐ ideal to mi Xwith buttermilk/ skimmed milk / water.: Morning‐ PRP‐02 (1 scoop) + AND‐16 Afternoon‐ PRP‐02 (1 scoop) Night‐PRP‐02 (1 scoop) + FBR‐18 + PRO‐19$$$ FBR ‐ 18 twice daily (1 scoop 30 minutes before breakfast and dinner fixed in 250 ml of water) and 1 capsule of PRO â?? 19 post dinner. Intensive Phase (30 days) and Maintenance Phase (60 days) Intervention2: 1 meal replacement: Replace breakfast with BDK‐01+PRP‐02 (2 scoops) Afternoon â?? as per diet plan Night‐ FBR‐ 18+PRO‐ 19$$$ FBR ‐ 18 twice daily (1 scoop 30 minutes before breakfast and dinner fixed in 250 ml of water) and 1 capsule of PRO â?? 19 post dinner. Intensive Phase (30 days) and Maintenance Phase (60 days) Intervention3: 2 meal replacements: Replace breakfast with BDK‐01+PRP‐02 (2 scoops) â?? (for 3 months) Afternoon‐BDK‐01+Skimmed milk (300 ml) (for 1 month only, post which meal as per diet plan can be taken in the afternoon) Night‐FBR‐ 18+PRO‐ 19$$$ FBR ‐ 18 twice daily (1 scoop 30 minutes before breakfast and dinner fixed in 250 ml of water) and 1 capsule of PRO â?? 19 post dinner. Intensive Phase (30 days) and Maintenance Phase (60 days) Control Intervention1: NIL: Free living humans. No intervention. CONDITION: Health Condition 1: E663‐ Overweight PRIMARY OUTCOME: To evaluate the number & percentage of subjects demonstrating reduction in BMI/ weight between inter & intra arms from baseline to the end of the intensive phase. $$$ $$$ To evaluate number & percentage of subjects demonstrating reduction in BMI/ weight between inter & intra arms from baseline to the end of the maintenance phase. $$$ $$$ Gut reset (‐10 to Day 0) phase (except control arm): Will precede intensive and maintenance phase.Timepoint: Intensive phase (Day 1 to Day 30) $$$ During the intensive phase, all the intervention arms will be followed up on daily basis with $$$ ‐Daily Telephonic calls $$$ ‐Weekly once on‐site visit $$$ $$$ Maintenance Phase (Day 31 to Day 60) $$$ During the maintenance phase, all the intervention arms will be followed up on weekly basis with $$$ ‐Weekly Telephonic call & $$$ ‐Biweekly once on‐site visit $$$ $$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: Changes in the clinical parameters between inter and intra armsTimepoint: Day 1 and Day 90 Changes in the quality of life using WHOQOL‐ BREF between inter and intra armsTimepoint: Day 1 and Day 90 Compliance to the studyTimepoint: Day 7, 15, 22, 30, 37, 45,52, 60, 67, 75 and Day 82 Incidence of any adverse events during study in each armTimepoint: Day 1 and Day 90 To assess the number and percentage of subjects demonstrating improvement in lipid profile between inter and intra armsTimepoint: Day 1 and Day 90 To assess the number and percentage of subjects demonstrating improvement in parameters assessed by Body composition analyzerTimepoint: Day 1, Day 7, Day 15, Day 22, Day 30, Day 45, Day 60, Day 75 and Day90 To assess the number of subjects between inter and intra arms maintaining the lost weight after intensive phase.Timepoint: Day 31 to Day 60 To evaluate the changes in Body fat percentage among subjects between inter and intra armsTimepoint: Day 1 and Day 90 To evaluate the reduction in skinfold thickness and WHR among subjects between inter and intra armsTimepoint: Day 1 and Day 90 INCLUSION CRITERIA: Male and female subjects age between 20 to 45 years Non‐pregnant and non‐lactating BMI (kg/m2)‐ >= 23 (considered overweight/obese as per the ethnicity cut off values for Asian Indians) Following stable eating habits Not on any medication that can affect Lipid profile, body composition or weight Nonalcoholic and non‐ smoker Subjects who are willing to sign the informed consent and comply with study requirement of meal replacements strictly. Women in the reproductive age group‐ should be agreeing to follow standard contraceptive measures Individuals who are seriously motivated to lose weight and willing to be part of any one of the interventions where Protein drink with buttermilk, skimmed milk or water OR 1 Meal replacement OR 2 Meal replacement would be given.
The effects of pork vs. Chicken/fish in a DASH diet on blood pressure control$$$ Hypertension is a major, modifiable risk factor for cardiovascular and kidney disease and mortality that is improved by the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet. The DASH diet emphasizes increased consumption of fruits/vegetables, whole‐grains, lowfat dairy, and poultry/fish and reduced intakes of sodium and red meats (including pork). In a randomized crossover study, 13 women and 6 men, aged 61±7 y (mean±SEM), BMI 31.2±1.7 kg/m2, with high blood pressure (BP) consumed the DASH diet for 2, 6‐wk periods (with a 4‐wk diet washout) with either chicken/fish (DASH‐CF, control diet) or lean pork (DASH‐P) as the major protein source (55% of protein intake). Systolic (S) and diastolic (D) BP were assessed manually (fasting, morning, seated) and with a 24h BP monitoring system on 3 days prior to and at the end of each diet period. After DASH‐CF, manual SBP and DBP decreased 6±2 and 6±1 mmHg, respectively, and 24h SBP and DBP decreased 9±2 and 5±1mm Hg. After DASH‐P, manual SBP and DBP decreased 8±2 and 5±1 mmHg, and 24h SBP and DBP decreased 8±2 and 4±1 mmHg. All changes in BP were statistically confirmed at p<0.05 and were not different for DASH‐P vs. DASH‐CF (p>0.05). These results indicate that substitution of lean pork for chicken and fish as the predominant source of protein does not influence the effectiveness of a DASH diet to improve blood pressure control.
Calcium and Vitamin D intake and mortality: results from the Canadian Multicentre Osteoporosis Study (CaMos)$$$ CONTEXT: Calcium and vitamin D are recommended for bone health, but there are concerns about adverse risks. Some clinical studies suggest that calcium intake may be cardioprotective, whereas others report increased risk associated with calcium supplements. Both low and high serum levels of 25‐hydroxyvitamin D have been associated with increased mortality. OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to determine the association between total calcium and vitamin D intake and mortality and heterogeneity by source of intake. DESIGN: The Canadian Multicentre Osteoporosis Study cohort is a population‐based longitudinal cohort with a 10‐year follow‐up (1995‐2007). SETTING: This study included randomly selected community‐dwelling men and women. PARTICIPANTS: A total of 9033 participants with nonmissing calcium and vitamin D intake data and follow‐up were studied. EXPOSURE: Total calcium intake (dairy, nondairy food, and supplements) and total vitamin D intake (milk, yogurt, and supplements) were recorded. OUTCOME: The outcome variable was all‐cause mortality. RESULTS: There were 1160 deaths during the 10‐year period. For women only, we found a possible benefit of higher total calcium intake, with a hazard ratio of 0.95 (95% confidence interval, 0.89‐1.01) per 500‐mg increase in daily calcium intake and no evidence of heterogeneity by source$$$ use of calcium supplements was also associated with reduced mortality, with hazard ratio of 0.78 (95% confidence interval, 0.66‐0.92) for users vs nonusers with statistically significant reductions remaining among those with doses up to 1000 mg/d. These associations were not modified by levels of concurrent vitamin D intake. No definitive associations were found among men. CONCLUSIONS: Calcium supplements, up to 1000 mg/d, and increased dietary intake of calcium may be associated with reduced risk of mortality in women. We found no evidence of mortality benefit or harm associated with vitamin D intake.
A randomized multicenter phase II trial on efficacy of a hydrocolloid dressing containing ceramide with a low-friction external surface for hand-foot skin reaction caused by sorafenib in patients with renal cell carcinoma$$$ Background: Hand‐foot skin reaction (HFSR) is the most clinically significant and dose‐limiting dermatologic toxicity in metastatic renal cell carcinoma (mRCC) patients who receive sorafenib (SOR). At present, evidence‐based management strategy is not completely established. Since HFSR may be attributed to keratinous disorders of the skin and tends to develop in areas on the soles of the feet subject to strong pressure, a hydrocolloid dressing containing ceramide (a protective dressing against pressure ulcer) may prevent the development and worsening of HFSR. The purpose of the study is to investigate the usefulness of this material for HFSR on the soles of the feet in mRCC patients treated with SOR. Methods: Patients with grade 1 HFSR on the soles of the feet were randomly assigned 1:1 to receive a hydrocolloid dressing containing ceramide (Arm A) or 10% urea cream (Arm B). The detailed protocol of this study was presented in ASCO 2011 (Trial in Progress$$$ TPS 233). A hydrocolloid dressing containing ceramide was applied to affected sites on the soles of the feet, but not to the hands. The primary endpoint was the incidence of Grade 2 or 3 HFSR on the soles of the feet in the first 4 weeks. Results: Thirty‐three patients were evaluated$$$ 17 patients in Arm A and 16 patients in Arm B. There were no significant differences in baseline characteristics between two arms. Over the 4 weeks period of this study, the incidence of Grade 2 or 3 HFSR on the soles of the feet was significantly lower in Arm A than Arm B$$$ 5 (29%) patients in Arm A versus 11 (69%) in Arm B, p=0.03. On the other hand, the incidence of HFSR on the hands was similar between two arms. The median time to Grade 2 or 3 HFSR on the soles of the feet was significant longer in Arm A compared with Arm B$$$ not reach (95%CI 13‐28+) in Arm A versus 22 days (95%CI 15‐27), p=0.03. Regarding the pain levels on the soles, Arm A was superior to Arm B (p=0.05). Conclusions: These results indicate that a hydrocolloid dressing containing ceramide with a low‐friction external surface is effective in preventing the worsening of HFSR caused by SOR in mRCC patients.
Prognostic markers in lentigo maligna patients treated with imiquimod cream: a long-term follow-up study$$$ BACKGROUND: More data are needed to define factors that predict long‐term success after imiquimod therapy for lentigo maligna (LM). OBJECTIVE: We sought to determine the demographic, clinical, and histologic prognostic markers of relapse‐free survival in patients with LM who were treated with imiquimod. METHODS: This was a single‐arm, open‐label, nonrandomized, prospective study. RESULTS: Eighty‐nine patients with histologically confirmed LM and a median follow‐up time of 4.8 years after imiquimod treatment were included in our study. Sixteen patients (18%) relapsed. Statistically significant indicators of an increased risk of local recurrence included: the total number of melanocytes, the number of basal and suprabasal melanocytes and the number of pagetoid spreading melanocytes. LIMITATIONS: Our study was a single‐center, nonrandomized study. CONCLUSION: An assessment of different melanocyte fractions in the diagnostic baseline biopsy specimen may help to predict the response of LM to imiquimod therapy.
Effect of Naturopathy and Yoga treatment to prevent kidney complications in Diabetes$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Integrated module based on Naturopathy, Yoga and Nutritional interventions: NATUROPATHY PROTOCOL FOR TEN DAYS WITHIN HOSPITAL: Mud pack to eyes and abdomen,Steam bath with cold chest pack, enema with full body massage, Cold hip bath, Cold abdomen pack, neutral immersion bath, Gastrohepatic pack, Warm salt foot bath, Kidney Pack, Partial body massages, full mud bath, neutral arm and foot bath for 10 days (Note: Each modality will be repeated twice over a period of the participants 10 day stay in the Naturopathy hospital YOGA PROTOCOL( WITHIN HOSPITAL) ‐ YOGA DP Module ( Yoga for Diabetes Prevention module) daily for a period of TEN DAYS. This module includes ShithilikaranaVyayama for 5 minutes, Surya Namaskar for 15 minutes, Asanas for 25 minutes, Pranayama for 13 minutes and relaxation (Yoga Nidra) for 12 minutes, total duration ‐ 70 minutes for TEN DAYS DIET PROTOCOL (WITHIN HOSPITAL) ‐ Natural vegetable and juice based diet including Raw juices, boiled diet, Fruit juices, sprouts, cucumber, for 10 days Integrated out patient follow up module ‐ It is aimed at the 5 pillars of diabetic nephropathy management, additionally stress reduction has been included:‐ 1. Glycemic control ‐ Cold Compress ( thrice weekly for three months), Natural Diet rich in vegetables like Pumpkin, sweet potato, Bittergourd,Lady’s finger, Onion, Methi buttermilk/methi water for the designated period of THREE MONTHS, atleast 5 times per week 2. Risk Factor reduction (for Smoking, Obesity or Dyslipidemia IF PRESENT) ‐ Apple and walnut consumption daily, Neutral hip bath weekly twice, Sudarshan Kriya Yoga based breathing weekly thrice, Cold abdomen packs on alternate days FOR THREE MONTHS 3. Blood Pressure Control and Stress Reduction ‐ Aromatherapy with Lavender oil for ten m CONDITION: Health Condition 1: E112‐ Type 2 diabetes mellitus with kidney complications PRIMARY OUTCOME: 1. Estimated GFR $$$ 2. Urinary Microalbumin / Urine Albumin‐Creatinine RatioTimepoint: Baseline, 10th day post intervention, 3 months follow up post intervention SECONDARY OUTCOME: UK Prospective Diabetes Study (UKPDS) Cardiac Risk Engine Score Version 2 ‐ includes Age, Duration of Diabetes, Glycosylated Haemoglobin, Lipid profile, Smoking history, ethnicity, presence/ absence of atrial fibrillationTimepoint: Baseline, 10th day post intervention, 3 months follow up post intervention INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Age range of 30‐65 years 2. Long duration of Diabetes mellitus since diagnosis (T2DM since 8‐10 years) 3. Patients with moderate to poor glycaemic control (defined as HbA1c greater than 8%) 4. Patients having diabetic dermopathy (diagnosed on clinical examination, defined as non‐blanching, scaly, round or oval, red or purple macule or papules of size 1 to 2.5 cm , associated with hyperpigmentation, seen on front of leg). 5. Patients having eGFR either less than 60 mL/kg/1.73m2 (mildly decreased) OR eGFR more than or equal to 125mL/kg/1.73m2(elevated) 6. Diabetics with modifiable risk factors such as smoking, obesity, dyslipidaemia i.e., at risk of developing nephropathy 7. Diabetic patients who are also hypertensive
Empirically-derived food patterns and the risk of total mortality and cardiovascular events in the PREDIMED study$$$ BACKGROUND & AIMS: There is little evidence on post hoc‐derived dietary patterns (DP) and all‐cause mortality in Southern‐European populations. Furthermore, the potential effect modification of a DP by a nutritional intervention has not been sufficiently assessed. We assessed the association between a posteriori defined baseline major DP and total mortality or cardiovascular events within each of the three arms of a large primary prevention trial (PREDIMED) where participants were randomized to two active interventions with Mediterranean‐type diets or to a control group (allocated to a low‐fat diet). DESIGN: We followed‐up 7216 participants for a median of 4.3 years. A validated 137‐item food‐frequency questionnaire was administered. Baseline DP were ascertained through factor analysis based on 34 predefined groups. Cox regression models were used to estimate multivariable‐adjusted hazard ratios (HR) for cardiovascular disease (CVD) or mortality across quartiles of DP within each of the three arms of the trial. RESULTS: We identified two major baseline DP: the first DP was rich in red and processed meats, alcohol, refined grains and whole dairy products and was labeled Western dietary pattern (WDP). The second DP corresponded to a "Mediterranean‐type" dietary pattern (MDP). During follow‐up, 328 participants died. After controlling for potential confounders, higher baseline adherence to the MDP was associated with lower risk of CVD (adjusted HR for fourth vs. first quartile: 0.52$$$ 95% CI (Confidence Interval): 0.36, 0.74$$$ p‐trend <0.001) and all‐cause mortality (adjusted HR: 0.53$$$ 95% CI: 0.38, 0.75$$$ p‐trend <0.001), regardless of the allocated arm of the trial. An increasing mortality rate was found across increasing quartiles of the WDP in the control group (allocated to a low‐fat diet), though the linear trend was not statistically significant (p = 0.098). CONCLUSIONS: Higher adherence to an empirically‐derived MDP at baseline was associated with a reduced risk of CVD and mortality in the PREDIMED trial regardless of the allocated arm. The WDP was not associated with higher risk of mortality or cardiovascular events.
Early enteral nutrition with whey protein or casein in elderly patients with acute ischemic stroke: a double-blind randomized trial$$$ OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of an early enteral formula containing whey protein, in comparison to a standard enteral formula containing casein as the protein source, on the levels of glutathione and inflammatory markers in aged patients with acute ischemic stroke. METHODS: Thirty‐one elderly patients (12 males and 19 females$$$ median age = 74 [range,65‐90] y old) with ischemic stroke were randomized to receive early nasogastric feeding (35 kcal/kg/d and 1.2 g of protein/kg/d) with either a formula containing polymeric [corrected] casein (casein group, n =16) or another isocaloric and isonitrogenous formula containing hydrolyzed whey protein (WP group, n = 15) for 5 d. The primary endpoints of the study were the changes in the serum levels of glutathione peroxidase, C‐reactive protein (CRP), and interleukin 6 (IL‐6). RESULTS: Twenty‐five patients completed the study (10 in the WP group and 15 in the casein group). Mortality was similar between groups (33%$$$ P = 1.00) and was associated with higher serum IL‐6 (73.7 ± 24.7 versus 16.6 ± 2.4 pg/dL$$$ P = 0.04) and CRP (82.0 ± 35.6 versus 48.3 ± 14.5 mg/L$$$ P = 0.02) levels. Albumin levels dropped from the first to the fifth feeding day only in the casein group (P < 0.01). Serum IL‐6 decreased (62.7 ± 47.2 to 20.6 ± 10.3 pg/dL$$$ P = 0.02) and glutathione increased (32.2 ± 2.1 to 39.9 ± 6.8 U/G Hb$$$ P = 0.03) only in the WP group. Serum IL‐6 was lower (P = 0.03) and glutathione was higher (P = 0.03) in whey protein‐fed patients than in the casein group. CONCLUSION: Enteral formula containing whey protein may decrease inflammation and increase antioxidant defenses in elderly patients with ischemic stroke, compared to casein‐containing formula.
Does oropharyngeal administration of colostrum reduce morbidity and mortality in very preterm infants? A randomised parallel-group controlled trial$$$ Aim: To evaluate whether a strategy of oropharyngeal administration of colostrum reduces morbidity and mortality in very preterm infants. Methods: A total of 260 neonates with gestational age 26–31 weeks at birth were randomised between August 2017 and August 2018 to receive 0.2 mL of human milk or placebo respectively via the oropharyngeal route, beginning within 24 h after birth, and continued every 3 h until oral feeds were initiated. The primary outcome was a composite of death, late‐onset sepsis (LOS) or necrotising enterocolitis (NEC) in the neonatal period. Results: A total of 260 infants (mean gestational age 29.5 weeks, and mean birthweight 1201.7 g) were included in the primary analysis. The composite primary outcome occurred in 43 (33.6%) infants in the colostrum group and 38 infants (29.7%) in the placebo group, and the difference was not statistically significant (P = 0.50). Secondary outcomes including the incidence of death, NEC, LOS, probable sepsis, intraventricular haemorrhage, ventilator‐associated pneumonia, retinopathy of prematurity, bronchopulmonary dysplasia, time to full feeds, time to regain birthweight, duration of hospital stay and survival to 6 months without major neurosensory impairment were also comparable between the two groups. Conclusion: A strategy of oropharyngeal administration of colostrum in very preterm and extremely preterm neonates did not decrease the composite primary outcome of death, LOS or NEC. This finding is consistent with most published literature in the area.
Empirically-derived food patterns and the risk of total mortality and cardiovascular events in the PREDIMED study$$$ BACKGROUND & AIMS: There is little evidence on post hoc‐derived dietary patterns (DP) and all‐cause mortality in Southern‐European populations. Furthermore, the potential effect modification of a DP by a nutritional intervention has not been sufficiently assessed. We assessed the association between a posteriori defined baseline major DP and total mortality or cardiovascular events within each of the three arms of a large primary prevention trial (PREDIMED) where participants were randomized to two active interventions with Mediterranean‐type diets or to a control group (allocated to a low‐fat diet). DESIGN: We followed‐up 7216 participants for a median of 4.3 years. A validated 137‐item food‐frequency questionnaire was administered. Baseline DP were ascertained through factor analysis based on 34 predefined groups. Cox regression models were used to estimate multivariable‐adjusted hazard ratios (HR) for cardiovascular disease (CVD) or mortality across quartiles of DP within each of the three arms of the trial. RESULTS: We identified two major baseline DP: the first DP was rich in red and processed meats, alcohol, refined grains and whole dairy products and was labeled Western dietary pattern (WDP). The second DP corresponded to a "Mediterranean‐type" dietary pattern (MDP). During follow‐up, 328 participants died. After controlling for potential confounders, higher baseline adherence to the MDP was associated with lower risk of CVD (adjusted HR for fourth vs. first quartile: 0.52$$$ 95% CI (Confidence Interval): 0.36, 0.74$$$ p‐trend <0.001) and all‐cause mortality (adjusted HR: 0.53$$$ 95% CI: 0.38, 0.75$$$ p‐trend <0.001), regardless of the allocated arm of the trial. An increasing mortality rate was found across increasing quartiles of the WDP in the control group (allocated to a low‐fat diet), though the linear trend was not statistically significant (p = 0.098). CONCLUSIONS: Higher adherence to an empirically‐derived MDP at baseline was associated with a reduced risk of CVD and mortality in the PREDIMED trial regardless of the allocated arm. The WDP was not associated with higher risk of mortality or cardiovascular events.
The quality of life in patients with urinary tract cancer and the effecting factor$$$ Aim: To determine factors effecting quality of life in patients with urinary tract cancer. Materials and Methods: The study was conducted with patients applied to urology outpatient clinic. Of patients with urinary tract cancer, socio‐demographic characteristics, the type of cancer, stage of disease, treatment, whether complementary treatment is received were recorded. Patients' quality of life was assessed by applying Short Form‐ 36 (SF‐36). It was investigated whether there is a difference in quality of life depending on socio‐demographic characteristics, tumour location, treatment, stage of disease. Complemantary treatment (pumpkin seed, royal jelly, kefir, carob molasse etc) rates and types of these treatments were analyzed. Results: Themean age of patients with prostate cancer was 71,88 and the others was 59,10. According to urinary tract cancer types, general health subscale of quality of life was significantly lower in patients with other urinary tract cancer (z=‐1,99$$$ p<,05) comparing to prostate cancer. According to metastasis status, physical functioning subscale (z=‐2,75$$$ p<,05), general health subscale (z=‐2,02$$$ p<,05), bodily pain subscale (z=‐2,04$$$ p<,05) of quality of life were significantly lower in metastatic patients. Complementary treatment ratio in patients with prostate cancer was 28,2% and the others' was 20%. Patients were classified in two groups related to diagnosis time (shorter than 4 years and the others). Complementary treatment using ratio was higher (%31,9) in patients with diagnosis time 4 years and up. Conclusion: The general health subscale of quality of life in patients with prostate cancer seems better than the others patients. Also having metastatis has affected negatively functional general health and bodily pain subscale of quality of life. Complementery treatment usage ratio get increased as period living with cancer expand.
Dairy lipids, proteins, and abdominal obesity (Dairy Health): a 12-week, randomised, parallel-controlled, human intervention study$$$ Background and aims: Abdominal obesity is associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD), type 2 diabetes, and overall mortality. Obesity leads to exaggerated postprandial lipaemia (PPL), an independent risk factor for CVD. Food quality has been found to affect PPL. Milk protein, especially whey and milk fat naturally enriched with short‐ and mediumchain saturated fatty acids (SMC‐SFA) seem to possess health beneficial effects. However, long‐term human intervention studies are lacking. The aim was to test if whey protein and milk fat enriched in SMC‐SFA has beneficial and synergistic effects on the postprandial lipid responses. Materials and methods: 12‐week, randomized, double‐blinded, human intervention study. 63 subjects were randomized to one of four diets in a 2x2 Latin square design. Participants consumed daily 60g milk protein (whey or casein) and 63g milk fat (two different SMC‐SFA compositions) daily. Before and after the 12‐week intervention a high‐fat meal test (65 E% fat, 19 E% carbohydrates, and 16 E% protein$$$ 4,500 kJ) was performed and changes from baseline in postprandial triglyceride, ApoB‐48 (reflecting chylomicrons of intestinal origin), free fatty acids (FFA), insulin, glucose and glucagon were measured. Two‐way ANOVA analysis was used. Power calculation showed that we needed 13 in each group to detect a difference of 20% in triglyceride response (α = 0.05, β = 0.80). Results: 52 subjects completed the study. Baseline characteristics were similar between the four groups. We found that the ApoB‐48 response decreased significantly after whey compared to casein (P=0.025). We found no significant differences in postprandial triglyceride, FFA, insulin, glucose or glucagon responses to whey versus casein or to the two different SMC‐SFA compositions. No interaction between protein and fat was observed. Conclusion: 12‐week intervention with whey supplementation resulted in a decreased postprandial chylomicron response in subjects with abdominal obesity. This opens for the development of whey enriched dairy products that may posses beneficial effects on the risk of CVD.
The veterans affairs topical tretinoin chemoprevention (VATTC) trial$$$ Certain systemic retinoids are effective for prevention of keratinocyte carcinomas (KCs). A topical retinoid, tretinoin, has been used for decades for acne vulgaris and for visible signs of photoageing, and has been used by some for KC prevention. We tested its efficacy. The VATTC trial was a randomized trial of topical tretinoin 0.1% cream vs. vehicle control applied up to twice daily to the face and ears of a high‐risk immunocompetent population. A total of 1131 participants were randomized and followed twice per year for a mean of 3.5 years$$$ 54% developed a KC. We noted a mortality difference between randomized groups: 19% vs. 14% in the tretinoin group vs. controls that was not explained by any measured parameters. No effect of tretinoin was noted on any cancer or precancer outcome. We evaluated the prospective association of medications on KC risk, including angiotensin‐converting enzyme inhibitors (40% lower risk), statins (15% decreased risk of borderline significance), nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (no effect), and prednisone (no effect). We found that at baseline those with many actinic keratoses (AKs) and a history of topical 5‐fluorouracil use had worse quality of life (QoL), but not those with greater numbers of KCs, Prospective analysis demonstrated no effect on QoL associated with additional KCs or increased AK counts in this high‐risk population. Hence, we hypothesized that this high‐risk cohort has 'actinic neoplasia syndrome', a chronic disease that affects QoL beyond the individual episodes of skin cancer. Finally, we photographically mapped the face and ear AKs of participants at one centre$$$ 1% became KCs at 1 year and 4% at 4 years. Two‐thirds of squamous cell carcinomas and onethird of basal cell carcinomas originated in a spot previously identified as an AK, yet 87% of baseline AKs spontaneously disappeared at some point during the study. Tretinoin is ineffective for KC prevention.
New keratinocyte carcinomas worsen skin-related quality of life$$$ The incidence of keratinocyte carcinoma (KC), the most common malignancy in the U.S., continues to rise. Because KC impacts a significant portion of the population but has a low mortality rate, it is important to quantify skin‐related quality of life (QoL) in those affected. We aim to determine if KC, actinic keratoses (AK), and several demographic and health‐related factors are associated with skin‐related QoL in those at high risk for KC. We used data from a double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial in which 930 veterans with a history of multiple KCs were randomized to apply a single course of topical 5‐fluorouracil (5‐FU) or vehicle control cream to the face and ears. Skin‐related QoL was measured at baseline, 12, 24, and 36 months using Skindex‐29 and Skin Cancer Index and participants received complete skin examinations semiannually. At baseline, worse skin‐related QoL was strongly associated (p<0.01) with younger age and greater functional impairments (e.g. inability to bathe, walk). It was also associated with higher comorbidities, increased sun‐sensitivity and history of 5‐FU use, but almost entirely unrelated to number of AKs and prior KCs. However, participants who developed new KCs during the trial had a greater worsening of skin‐related QoL, or a lesser degree of improvement, compared to those who did not develop new KCs, particularly in year 1. Similar results were seen in participants who developed increased AKs. Our ability to detect these relationships in longitudinal analyses but not in baseline cross‐sectional analyses may indicate the importance of the more precise control of potential confounding factors that is inherent in comparing each individual to their own prior state. These findings suggest that in addition to chronic conditions of sun damage, additional KCs and increased AKs may worsen skin‐related QoL in individuals with a history of multiple KCs. Also, as skin‐related QoL is particularly diminished in those with greater functional impairments, it is especially important to address their dermatologic needs.
Regorafenib - New drug. Metastatic colorectal cancer in treatment failure: may prolong survival by a few weeks$$$ • Patients with metastatic colorectal cancer who have exhausted their therapeutic options have a life expectancy of only a few months. Treatment is then based on tailored supportive care, without cytotoxic drugs. • Regorafenib, an inhibitor of multiple protein kinases, has been authorised in the European Union for the treatment of patients with metastatic colorectal cancer who have no other therapeutic options. • Clinical evaluation is based on a double‐blind, randomised, placebocontrolled trial in patients who had already received multiple lines of cytotoxic chemotherapy but who remained in good overall condition. Adding regorafenib to best supportive care led to a statistically significant increase in median overall survival, albeit of only a few weeks (6.4 months with regorafenib versus 5 months with placebo). • Regorafenib has many adverse effects, including hepatic, cardiovascular, cutaneous, gastrointestinal, thyroid, neurological and haematological disorders, as well as infections and bleeding. These adverse effects are severe in about 40% of patients. Some patients died from these adverse effects, notably liver damage and bleeding. • In practice, according to the only available trial, regorafenib appears to prolong overall survival by a few weeks in some cases, but at a cost of serious adverse effects in about 40% of patients, including premature death. Pending further evaluation, it is preferable to recommend best supportive care. ©Prescrire.
Effect of Baseline Nutritional Status on Long-term Multivitamin Use and Cardiovascular Disease Risk: a Secondary Analysis of the Physicians' Health Study II Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Importance: Long‐term multivitamin use had no effect on risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in the Physicians' Health Study II. Baseline nutritional status may have modified the lack of effect. Objective: To investigate effect modification by various baseline dietary factors on CVD risk in the Physicians' Health Study II. Design, Setting, and Participants: The Physicians' Health Study II was a randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial testing multivitamin use (multivitamin [Centrum Silver] or placebo daily) among US male physicians. The Physicians' Health Study II included 14 641 male physicians 50 years or older, 13 316 of whom (91.0%) completed a baseline 116‐item semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire and were included in the analyses. This study examined effect modification by baseline intake of key foods, individual nutrients, dietary patterns (Alternate Healthy Eating Index and Alternate Mediterranean Diet Score), and dietary supplement use. The study began in 1997, with continued treatment and follow‐up through June 1, 2011. Interventions: Multivitamin or placebo daily. Main Outcomes and Measures: Major cardiovascular events, including nonfatal myocardial infarction, nonfatal stroke, and CVD mortality. Secondary outcomes included myocardial infarction, total stroke, CVD mortality, and total mortality individually. Results: In total, 13 316 male physicians (mean [SD] age at randomization, 64.0 [9.0] years in those receiving the active multivitamin and 64.0 [9.1] years in those receiving the placebo) were observed for a mean (SD) follow‐up of 11.4 (2.3) years. There was no consistent evidence of effect modification by various foods, nutrients, dietary patterns, or baseline supplement use on the effect of multivitamin use on CVD end points. Statistically significant interaction effects were observed between multivitamin use and vitamin B6 intake on myocardial infarction, between multivitamin use and vitamin D intake on CVD mortality, and between multivitamin use and vitamin B12 intake on CVD mortality and total mortality. However, there were inconsistent patterns in hazard ratios across tertiles of each dietary factor that are likely explained by multiple testing. Conclusions and Relevance: The results suggest that baseline nutritional status does not influence the effect of randomized long‐term multivitamin use on major CVD events. Future studies are needed to investigate the role of baseline nutritional biomarkers on the effect of multivitamin use on CVD and other outcomes. Trial Registration: clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT00270647.
Effect of baseline nutritional status on long-term multivitamin use and cardiovascular disease risk: a secondary analysis of the physicians' health study II randomized clinical trial$$$ IMPORTANCE: Long‐term multivitamin use had no effect on risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in the Physicians' Health Study II. Baseline nutritional status may have modified the lack of effect. OBJECTIVE: To investigate effect modification by various baseline dietary factors on CVD risk in the Physicians' Health Study II. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: The Physicians' Health Study II was a randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial testing multivitamin use (multivitamin [Centrum Silver] or placebo daily) among US male physicians. The Physicians' Health Study II included 14 641 male physicians 50 years or older, 13 316 of whom (91.0%) completed a baseline 116‐item semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire and were included in the analyses. This study examined effect modification by baseline intake of key foods, individual nutrients, dietary patterns (Alternate Healthy Eating Index and Alternate Mediterranean Diet Score), and dietary supplement use. The study began in 1997, with continued treatment and follow‐up through June 1, 2011. INTERVENTIONS: Multivitamin or placebo daily. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Major cardiovascular events, including nonfatal myocardial infarction, nonfatal stroke, and CVD mortality. Secondary outcomes included myocardial infarction, total stroke, CVD mortality, and total mortality individually. RESULTS: In total, 13 316 male physicians (mean [SD] age at randomization, 64.0 [9.0] years in those receiving the active multivitamin and 64.0 [9.1] years in those receiving the placebo) were observed for a mean (SD) follow‐up of 11.4 (2.3) years. There was no consistent evidence of effect modification by various foods, nutrients, dietary patterns, or baseline supplement use on the effect of multivitamin use on CVD end points. Statistically significant interaction effects were observed between multivitamin use and vitamin B6 intake on myocardial infarction, between multivitamin use and vitamin D intake on CVD mortality, and between multivitamin use and vitamin B12 intake on CVD mortality and total mortality. However, there were inconsistent patterns in hazard ratios across tertiles of each dietary factor that are likely explained by multiple testing. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: The results suggest that baseline nutritional status does not influence the effect of randomized long‐term multivitamin use on major CVD events. Future studies are needed to investigate the role of baseline nutritional biomarkers on the effect of multivitamin use on CVD and other outcomes. TRIAL REGISTRATION: clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT00270647.
Protective effect of faecal occult blood test screening for colorectal cancer: worse prognosis for screening refusers$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Screening for colorectal cancer (CRC) by faecal occult blood testing (FOBT) decreases CRC mortality by 15‐33%. Compliance remains an obstacle to maximising the benefit of FOBT screening. We tested the hypothesis that individuals offered FOBT screening but refused would have an increased incidence and worse prognosis for CRC compared with those tested and with controls. METHODS: Annual screening was offered to 3548 average risk individuals, > or = 40 years of age, from a highly stable population. A total of 2538 agreed to testing (group 1) and 1010 (28%) refused (group 2). Another 1376 individuals were never offered the test and served as controls (group 3). The groups were followed for 11 years: a three year screening period (1985‐1987) and an eight year follow up period at the end of the screening programme (1988‐1995). Incidence, stage, and mortality were compared. Characterisation of refusers was completed in 188 and 130 subjects of groups 1 and 2, respectively. RESULTS: In the screening phase, mortality from CRC was significantly lower in group 1 than in groups 2 and 3. The cumulative incidence of CRC in the eight year follow up period was 21 (0.88%), 23 (2.28%), and 13 (0.94%) in groups 1, 2, and 3, respectively. This shows a reduction of 61.4% in group 1 compared with group 2 (relative risk 0.28 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.19‐0.32)) (p<0.001) and 6.4% compared with group 3 (relative risk 0.93 (95% CI 0.93‐1.00)) (NS). During follow up, group 1 subjects also demonstrated a decrease in advanced Dukes' stage and mortality rate by 80% and 64%, and 79% and 62%, compared with groups 2 and 3, respectively. Refusers were more likely to be male, of Asian‐African descent, and more likely to smoke, consume more coffee, and less tea or dairy foods. CONCLUSIONS: When accepted, FOBT may protect against CRC for prolonged periods. Individuals who refuse FOBT have a significantly higher CRC incidence and mortality rates than those who accept testing.
Community-Based Upper Gastrointestinal Cancer Screening in a Randomized Controlled Trial: baseline Results in a Non-high-incidence Area$$$ A cluster‐randomized controlled trial (RCT) was conducted to evaluate to the effectiveness of reducing mortality of upper gastrointestinal cancer (UGC) and feasibility of screening through a questionnaire combined with endoscopy in non‐high‐incidence urban areas in China. The trial design, recruitment performance, and preliminary results from baseline endoscopy are reported. Seventy‐five communities in two urban cities with a non‐high‐incidence of UGC were randomized to a screening endoscopy arm (n = 38) or a control arm (n = 37). In the screening arm, individuals at high risk of UGC underwent endoscopic screening. The primary outcome was the UGC mortality, and secondary outcomes included the UGC detection rate, incidence rate, survival rate, and clinical stage at the time of diagnosis. A total of 10,416 and 9,565 individuals were recruited into the screening and control arms, respectively. The participation rate was 74.3%. In the screening arm, 5,242 individuals (50.3%) were estimated to be high‐risk. Among them, 2,388 (45.6%) underwent endoscopic screening. Age and household income were associated with undergoing endoscopy. Three early esophageal cancer (0.13%), one gastric cancer (0.04%), 29 precancerous esophageal lesions (1.21%), and 53 precancerous gastric lesions (2.22%) were detected. Age, sex, a family history of cancer, intake of meat‐egg‐milk frequently, superficial gastritis, and clinical symptoms of gastric cancer were associated with the presence of precancerous lesions. The detection rate was low using endoscopic screening in non‐high‐incidence area given the relatively low compliance rate. These findings provide a reference for designing effective community‐based UGC screening strategies in non‐high‐incidence urban areas.
Effect of postpartum maternal or neonatal vitamin A supplementation on infant mortality among infants born to HIV-negative mothers in Zimbabwe$$$ BACKGROUND: Young infants are at risk of vitamin A deficiency. Supplementation of breastfeeding mothers improves the vitamin A status of their infants, but there are no data regarding its effect on infant mortality, and data on the effect of directly supplementing infants during the first few weeks of life are conflicting. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to measure the effect on infant mortality of supplementing neonates and their HIV‐negative mothers with single, large doses of vitamin A during the immediate postpartum period. DESIGN: A randomized, placebo‐controlled, 2‐by‐2 factorial design trial was conducted in 14,110 mothers and their infants$$$ 9208 of the mothers were HIV‐negative at delivery, remained such during the postpartum year, and were retained in the current analysis. The infants were randomly assigned within 96 h of delivery to 1 of 4 treatment groups: mothers and infants received vitamin A (Aa), mothers received vitamin A and infants received placebo (Ap), mothers received placebo and infants received vitamin A (Pa), and both mothers and infants received placebo (Pp). The vitamin A dose in the mothers was 400,000 IU and in the infants was 50,000 IU. The mother‐infant pairs were followed to 12 mo. RESULTS: Hazard ratios (95% CI) for 12 mo mortality among infants in the maternal‐supplemented and infant‐supplemented groups were 1.17 (0.87, 1.58) and 1.08 (0.80, 1.46), respectively. Hazard ratios (95% CI) for the Aa, Ap, and Pa groups compared with the Pp group were 1.28 (0.83, 1.98), 1.27 (0.82, 1.97), and 1.18 (0.76, 1.83), respectively. These data indicate no overall effect. Serum retinol concentrations among a subsample of women were similar to reference norms. CONCLUSION: Postpartum maternal or neonatal vitamin A supplementation may not reduce infant mortality in infants of HIV‐negative women with an apparently adequate vitamin A status.
Frequency of gastroenteritis and gastroenteritis-associated mortality with early weaning in HIV-1-uninfected children born to HIV-infected women in malawi$$$ BACKGROUND: We assessed gastroenteritis (GE) burden in 2 randomized trials conducted in Malawi to reduce postnatal HIV transmission before and after World Health Organization recommendations regarding exclusive breastfeeding for HIV‐exposed infants were adopted. The 2 trials were the nevirapine/AZT (NVAZ, 2000‐2003 with prolonged breastfeeding) and the Postexposure Prophylaxis to the Infant (PEPI, 2004‐2007 with breastfeeding cessation by 6 months). METHODS: From NVAZ and PEPI trials data, GE frequency through age 12 months among HIV‐negative exposed infants was evaluated. Overall and GE‐related cumulative mortality rates were estimated using Kaplan‐Meier curves. RESULTS: The frequency of at least one GE‐related hospitalization was greater in PEPI vs. NVAZ after age 6 months (respectively, 2.9% vs. 0.1%, at 7‐9 months and 1.6% vs. 0.2% at 10‐12 months, P < 0.001). Cumulative GE‐related mortality was significantly higher in PEPI than in NVAZ after age 6 months$$$ at ages 9 and 12 months GE‐related mortality was 19 and 24 per 1000 infants in PEPI vs. 7 and 12 per 1000 infants in NVAZ (P = 0.0002). CONCLUSIONS: Early weaning was associated with increased risk of severe GE and GE‐related mortality among HIV‐exposed infants. Strategies are urgently needed which allow longer breastfeeding while reducing the risk of HIV breast milk transmission in resource‐limited settings.
Two-year morbidity-mortality and alternatives to prolonged breast-feeding among children born to HIV-infected mothers in Cote d'Ivoire$$$ BACKGROUND: Little is known about the long‐term safety of infant feeding interventions aimed at reducing breast milk HIV transmission in Africa. METHODS AND FINDINGS: In 2001‐2005, HIV‐infected pregnant women having received in Abidjan, Cote d'Ivoire, a peripartum antiretroviral prophylaxis were presented antenatally with infant feeding interventions: either artificial feeding, or exclusive breast‐feeding and then early cessation from 4 mo of age. Nutritional counseling and clinical management were provided for 2 y. Breast‐milk substitutes were provided for free. The primary outcome was the occurrence of adverse health outcomes in children, defined as validated morbid events (diarrhea, acute respiratory infections, or malnutrition) or severe events (hospitalization or death). Hazards ratios to compare formula‐fed versus short‐term breast‐fed (reference) children were adjusted for confounders (baseline covariates and pediatric HIV status as a time‐dependant covariate). The 18‐mo mortality rates were also compared to those observed in the Ditrame historical trial, which was conducted at the same sites in 1995‐1998, and in which long‐term breast‐feeding was practiced in the absence of any specific infant feeding intervention. Of the 557 live‐born children, 262 (47%) were breast‐fed for a median of 4 mo, whereas 295 were formula‐fed. Over the 2‐y follow‐up period, 37% of the formula‐fed and 34% of the short‐term breast‐fed children remained free from any adverse health outcome (adjusted hazard ratio [HR]: 1.10$$$ 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.87‐1.38$$$ p = 0.43). The 2‐y probability of presenting with a severe event was the same among formula‐fed (14%) and short‐term breast‐fed children (15%) (adjusted HR, 1.19$$$ 95% CI, 0.75‐1.91$$$ p = 0.44). An overall 18‐mo probability of survival of 96% was observed among both HIV‐uninfected short‐term and formula‐fed children, which was similar to the 95% probability observed in the long‐term breast‐fed ones of the Ditrame trial. CONCLUSIONS: The 2‐y rates of adverse health outcomes were similar among short‐term breast‐fed and formula‐fed children. Mortality rates did not differ significantly between these two groups and, after adjustment for pediatric HIV status, were similar to those observed among long‐term breast‐fed children. Given appropriate nutritional counseling and care, access to clean water, and a supply of breast‐milk substitutes, these alternatives to prolonged breast‐feeding can be safe interventions to prevent mother‐to‐child transmission of HIV in urban African settings.
Parenteral glutamine supplementation does not reduce the risk of mortality or late-onset sepsis in extremely low birth weight infants$$$ BACKGROUND: Glutamine is one of the most abundant amino acids in both plasma and human milk, yet it is not included in standard intravenous amino acid solutions. Previous studies have suggested that parenteral nutrition (PN) supplemented with glutamine may reduce sepsis and mortality in critically ill adults. Whether glutamine supplementation would provide a similar benefit to extremely low birth weight (ELBW) infants is not known. METHODS: We performed a multicenter, randomized, double‐masked, clinical trial to assess the safety and efficacy of early PN supplemented with glutamine in decreasing the risk of death or late‐onset sepsis in ELBW infants. Infants 401 to 1000 g were randomized within 72 hours of birth to receive either TrophAmine (control) or an isonitrogenous study amino acid solution with 20% glutamine whenever they received PN up to 120 days of age, death, or discharge from the hospital. The primary outcome was death or late‐onset sepsis. RESULTS: Of the 721 infants who were assigned to glutamine supplementation, 370 (51%) died or developed late‐onset sepsis, as compared with 343 of the 712 infants (48%) assigned to control (relative risk: 1.07$$$ 95% confidence interval: 0.97‐1.17). Glutamine had no effect on tolerance of enteral feeds, necrotizing enterocolitis, or growth. No significant adverse events were observed with glutamine supplementation. CONCLUSIONS: Parenteral glutamine supplementation as studied did not decrease mortality or the incidence of late‐onset sepsis in ELBW infants. Consequently, although no harm was demonstrated, routine use of parenteral glutamine supplementation cannot be recommended in this population.
SATURATED FAT FAVORABLY ALTERS THE GUT MICROBIOTA AND IMPROVES SURVIVAL IN PATIENTS WITH SEVERE ALCOHOLIC HEPATITIS: a RANDOMIZED CONTROLLED TRIAL$$$ Background: Severe alcoholic hepatitis (SAH) is associated with malnutrition, dysbiosis and inflammatory cytokines augmenting liver injury resulting in high mortality. Experimental studies have reported that in comparison to unsaturated fat (UF), saturated fat (SF) improves dysbiosis, inflammation, liver enzymes and protects against alcoholic liver injury, but effect on clinical outcome and gut microbiota (GM) in SAH patients is lacking. Aim: Primary aim was to compare the effects of diet rich in SF versus UF on 60‐day mortality. Secondary aims included effects on clinical outcomes, inflammatory markers and GM profile. Methods: Of 169 SAH patients screened, 67 with mDF between 32‐100, without sepsis, acute kidney injury (AKI), or malignancy were randomized into SF (Ghee i.e., clarified butter$$$ n = 34) or UF (Soyabean Oil$$$ n= 33) arm. Patients in both arms received 35 kcal and 1.2‐1.5g protein/ kg /day (55‐60% carbohydrate, 20% protein, 30‐35% fat) for 60 days. GM was assessed using 16S V3‐V4 region analysis by Novaseq. Changes in the clinical [MELD, CTP, mDF, FIB‐4], biochemical, pro‐inflammatory [TNF‐α, NF‐κB] and anti‐inflammatory [IL‐10, adiponectin] parameters, at 60‐days were assessed. Results: Baseline parameters [age 40± 7.37 yrs$$$ ascites 47 (84%)$$$ BMI 21.3 ±3.8 kg/m2$$$ mDF 62.4 ± 21.4$$$ MELD 28 ±9.3$$$ CTP 10.6 ± 1.4], GM phyla and species were comparable between groups. SF and UF were well tolerated. 60 day mortality was significantly lower in SF (12.2%) vs. UF (33%) arm$$$ p= 0.014 (Fig.1 C) as per ITT analysis. Five patients from each arm were lost to follow‐up. A significant improvement in AST, ALT, IL‐10 levels and a trend towards reduction in TNF‐α levels was seen in SF compared to UF (Fig.1‐B). In the GM, commensal taxa like Bacteriodes plebius, B. coprocoia, Denoccota, Fusobacteria and Bacterium NLAE‐z1‐H40 increased significantly only in SF group (p <0.05). But, pathogenic taxa, Protobacteria, Deferribacterota, Aquificota, Bdellovibrionota, Camplylobacteria, Acidobacteria, Verrucomicrobiota, Desulfobacteriota, Klebisella pneumonia, Escherichia coli, Haeomophilus pittmaniae, increased in the UF group. (p < 0.05) (Fig. 1‐A). Conclusion: Two months of saturated fat as a therapeutic intervention, improved survival in SAH patients compared with unsaturated fat. This could be related to promotion of the growth of commensal bacteria which attenuated inflammation, disease severity and improved liver disease indices. (Figure Presented).
Dairy on the menu for fracture-free ageing$$$ The ageing of the population will see a growing burden of chronic diseases, including fragility fractures. Older adults in aged care homes contribute 30% to the burden of hip fractures yet constitute only 6% of older adults over the age of 65 years. By 2050 it is expected that each year over 20,000 hip fractures will arise from aged care. Anti‐fracture interventions targeting this high‐risk group would likely reduce the community burden of fractures, but any intervention must be effective, safe, and cost saving. Older adults in aged care homes have inadequate intakes of calcium and protein, risk factors for fractures, so we hypothesised if correcting these inadequacies would reduce risk of fractures. Over the 2‐year clustered‐randomised trial involving over 7000 older adults, the 30 intervention care homes provided additional dairy foods (milk, yoghurt, and cheese) on the menu, while the 30 control sites continued with their usual menus. The increased dairy intake to 3.5 servings daily in intervention residents was associated with a 33% reduction in fractures, 46% reduction in hip fractures and an 11% in falls. Compliance with the dairy food was maintained for the two years perhaps as these foods are familiar to residents and the dairy foods provided were based on their preferences. All‐cause mortality remained unaltered in intervention residents, so relative to mortality risk the intervention was safe. The cost of the additional dairy foods was less than AU$1 per resident per day. Non‐skeletal benefits were also observed. The greatest value of the intervention is its translation into practice. The study provides evidence to support the current Australian Dietary Guideline and the maintenance of all five food groups, particularly how the Guidelines relate to older adults. Moreover, the results directly support the implementation of the food and nutrition related recommendations from the Royal Commission into Aged Care Quality and Safety. The awareness of the value of a food‐based approach to healthy ageing in the community is growing. This includes the necessity for aged care organisations to provide nutritious foods to older adults reliant on them for their care. Implementing these food‐based strategies may be cost‐saving to the aged care and health systems. Over and above these probable cost savings are the direct benefits to the aged care residents.
A WHOLE-FOOD, PLANT-BASED (WFPB) DIETARY INTERVENTION TO IMPROVE OUTCOMES IN PATIENTS WITH METASTATIC BREAST CANCER$$$ Introduction Breast cancer treatment causes weight gain, and among patients with breast cancer, obesity and weight gain are associated with negative outcomes such as reduced progression‐free and overall survival due to cardiometabolic co‐morbidities. New evidence suggests that cardiometabolic comorbidities can further accelerate breast cancer progression. We used a WFPB diet because it results in significant weight loss and larger cardiometabolic improvements than calorie‐restricted omnivore diets. Methods Patients with stage 4 breast cancer receiving treatment were randomized 2:1 into 2 arms: 1) a WFPB diet (N=19) or 2) usual care (N=9) for 8 weeks with assessments at baseline, 4, and 8 weeks. Our WFPB diet consisted of an ad libitum whole‐food, plant‐based diet$$$ 3 meals/day were provided to WFPB subjects, which included fruits, vegetables, whole grains, nuts/seeds and excluded meat, dairy, and eggs. Outcomes include compliance, cardiometabolic risk factors, and cancer progression markers. Both pre/post and repeated measures ANCOVA by arm using intent to treat principles were used for these outcomes. Results Dietary compliance was high, with 95% of intervention subjects consuming ≥80% of their calories from “on plan” foods. Conclusions Our WFPB diet resulted in clinically meaningful and statistically significant improvements in weight and cardiometabolic outcomes, with a trend towards improving cancer progression. Further research is needed to confirm these findings and investigate the sustainability of the benefits.
Milk, yogurt, cheese and bone: friends or foes?$$$ Milk, yoghurt and cheese form the basis of the dairy food group within most dietary guidelines around the world due to their association with bone health throughout the lifespan. Evidence exists demonstrating improvements in bone accrual during growth and bone density in adulthood and into old age. Dairy foods also contain saturated fats that are considered detrimental to cardiovascular health by increasing serum cholesterol levels. Some, but not all prospective observational studies have reported an increased risk of mortality with milk consumption, while lower mortality rates have been observed with increased consumption of fermented dairy foods such as yoghurt and cheese. The mechanisms for these observations are not clearly understood. Randomised controlled studies have provided some evidence of the potential mechanisms for the observed effects of dairy on serum cholesterol, indicating it may relate to the combination of various nutrients contained in dairy foods, or the dairy matrix, or factors associated with the processing of dairy foods such as during fermentation. However, before a conclusion about the potential benefit or detriment of dairy consumption on cardiovascular risk can be made, close examination of the design and execution of these prospective observational studies is required, that may also serve to guide study design in the future. Until a large randomised placebo controlled study of dairy consumptionwith both fractures andmortality as outcomes, and with sufficient sample size and rigorous study design is undertaken, the evidence for, or against a cardiovascular effect of dairy consumption is modest.
Effectiveness of a Home-Based Counselling Strategy on Neonatal Care and Survival: a Cluster-Randomised Trial in Six Districts of Rural Southern Tanzania$$$ BACKGROUND: We report a cluster‐randomised trial of a home‐based counselling strategy, designed for large‐scale implementation, in a population of 1.2 million people in rural southern Tanzania. We hypothesised that the strategy would improve neonatal survival by around 15%. CONCLUSION: Neonatal mortality remained high despite better care practices and childbirth in facilities becoming common. Public health action to improve neonatal survival in this setting should include a focus on improving the quality of facility‐based childbirth care. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01022788. METHODS AND FINDINGS: In 2010 we trained 824 female volunteers to make three home visits to women and their families during pregnancy and two visits to them in the first few days of the infant's life in 65 wards, selected randomly from all 132 wards in six districts in Mtwara and Lindi regions, constituting typical rural areas in Southern Tanzania. The remaining wards were comparison areas. Participants were not blinded to the intervention. The primary analysis was an intention‐to‐treat analysis comparing the neonatal mortality (day 0‐27) per 1,000 live births in intervention and comparison wards based on a representative survey in 185,000 households in 2013 with a response rate of 90%. We included 24,381 and 23,307 live births between July 2010 and June 2013 and 7,823 and 7,555 live births in the last year in intervention and comparison wards, respectively. We also compared changes in neonatal mortality and newborn care practices in intervention and comparison wards using baseline census data from 2007 including 225,000 households and 22,243 births in five of the six intervention districts. Amongst the 7,823 women with a live birth in the year prior to survey in intervention wards, 59% and 41% received at least one volunteer visit during pregnancy and postpartum, respectively. Neonatal mortality reduced from 35.0 to 30.5 deaths per 1,000 live births between 2007 and 2013 in the five districts, respectively. There was no evidence of an impact of the intervention on neonatal survival (odds ratio [OR] 1.1, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.9‐1.2, p = 0.339). Newborn care practices reported by mothers were better in intervention than in comparison wards, including immediate breastfeeding (42% of 7,287 versus 35% of 7,008, OR 1.4, CI 1.3‐1.6, p < 0.001), feeding only breast milk for the first 3 d (90% of 7,557 versus 79% of 7,307, OR 2.2, 95% CI 1.8‐2.7, p < 0.001), and clean hands for home delivery (92% of 1,351 versus 88% of 1,799, OR 1.5, 95% CI 1.0‐2.3, p = 0.033). Facility delivery improved dramatically in both groups from 41% of 22,243 in 2007 and was 82% of 7,820 versus 75% of 7,553 (OR 1.5, 95% CI 1.2‐2.0, p = 0.002) in intervention and comparison wards in 2013. Methodological limitations include our inability to rule out some degree of leakage of the intervention into the comparison areas and response bias for newborn care behaviours.
Effects of ON101 for Hard-to-Heal Diabetic Foot Ulcers in A Randomized Phase III Trial: a Post hoc Analysis$$$ OBJECTIVE: Hard‐to‐heal diabetic foot ulcers (DFUs) are associated with higher mortality rates and an increased medical burden for patients. ON101, a new topical cream, exhibited better healing efficacy than the control dressing in a Phase III trial. In this post‐hoc analysis, we further identify whether ON101 can improve the healing of ulcers with hard‐to‐heal risk factors in this cohort of DFU patients. APPROACH: To compare the efficacy of ON101 with absorbent dressing among various hard‐to‐heal wounds in patients with DFU, a post hoc analysis of a randomized phase III trial included 276 DFU patients was performed by subgrouping those patients based on ulcer depth, location, size, duration, and patients' glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) levels and body mass index (BMI). RESULTS: In the full analysis set, the proportion of patients achieving healing was 61.7% in the ON101 group and 37.0% in the comparator (P =0.0001). In sub‐group analysis according to risk factors, ON101 demonstrated superior healing capacity on Wagner grade 2 ulcers (P < 0.0001)$$$ plantar ulcers (P = 0.0016), ulcers size ≥5 cm² (P = 0.0122), ulcers duration ≥3 months (P = 0.0043)$$$ for patients with HbA1c ≥9% (P = 0.0285)$$$ and patients with BMI ≥25 (P = 0.0005). INNOVATION: ON101, a novel therapeutic drug, can modulate the functions of macrophages and demonstrate superior healing rates to conventional absorbent dressing in patients with hard‐to‐heal DFUs. CONCLUSIONS: The results of this post hoc study suggest that ON101 is a better therapeutic option than conventional dressing used in treatment for DFU patients with higher HbA1c, BMI, or ulcers with complex conditions such as longer duration, deeper wounds, larger size, and plantar location.
Randomized controlled clinical trial on the effect of oral immunoglobulin supplementation on neonatal dairy calves with diarrhea$$$ Background: Nonantibiotic alternatives providing local gut immunity have been recommended for managing calf diarrhea. Animals: One hundred and two calves with diarrhea. Hypothesis: Oral supplementation with immunoglobulins in calves with diarrhea will reduce time to resolution of diarrhea, number of treatment events, and mortality rate. Methods: Randomized controlled trial. Calves were assigned into 1 of 3 groups. The treatment group was supplemented with 20 g of immunoglobulins in milk twice daily for 14 days. The placebo group was supplemented with 20 g of a product with similar nutritional value as the treatment group, but without immunoglobulins, in milk, twice daily for 14 days. The control group received no supplements. Medical treatments, time to resolution of diarrhea, and case fatality rates were compared. Results: There was no difference in the proportion of treatment events (treatment, 79% versus placebo, 77% versus control, 71%) among groups (P =.69). The median time to resolution of diarrhea was not different between the treatment (10.5 days$$$ 95% confidence interval [CI], 7, 13) and control (8 days$$$ 95% CI, 5, 10) groups (P =.08) or between the placebo (6.5 days$$$ 95% CI, 3, 9) and control groups (P =.89). Median time to resolution was shorter (P =.008) in the placebo compared to the treatment group (6.5 versus 10.5 days). Case fatality rates among groups (treatment, 12% versus placebo, 3% versus control, 3%) were not different (P =.36). Conclusions and Clinical Importance: Expected benefits of conferring local gut immunity by immunoglobulin supplementation in calves with diarrhea were not evident.
Effects of a single large dose of vitamin A, given during the postpartum period to HIV-positive women and their infants, on child HIV infection, HIV-free survival, and mortality$$$ BACKGROUND: Low maternal serum retinol level is a risk factor for mother‐to‐child transmission (MTCT) of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). Multiple‐large‐dose vitamin A supplementation of HIV‐positive children reduces mortality. The World Health Organization recommends single‐large‐dose vitamin A supplementation for postpartum women in areas of prevalent vitamin A deficiency$$$ neonatal dosing is under consideration. We investigated the effect that single‐large‐dose maternal/neonatal vitamin A supplementation has on MTCT, HIV‐free survival, and mortality in HIV‐exposed infants. METHODS: A total of 14,110 mother‐infant pairs were enrolled < or =96 h after delivery, and both mother and infant, mother only, infant only, or neither received vitamin A supplementation in a randomized, placebo‐controlled trial with a 2 x 2 factorial design. All but 4 mothers initiated breast‐feeding. A total of 4495 infants born to HIV‐positive women were included in the present analysis. RESULTS: Neither maternal nor neonatal vitamin A supplementation significantly affected postnatal MTCT or overall mortality between baseline and 24 months. However, the timing of infant HIV infection modified the effect that supplementation had on mortality. Vitamin A supplementation had no effect in infants who were polymerase chain reaction (PCR) positive [corrected] for HIV at baseline. In infants who were PCR negative at baseline and PCR positive at 6 weeks, neonatal supplementation reduced mortality by 28% (P=.01), but maternal supplementation had no effect. In infants who were PCR negative at 6 weeks, all 3 vitamin A regimens were associated with 2‐fold higher mortality (P< or =.05). CONCLUSIONS: Targeted vitamin A supplementation of HIV‐positive children prolongs their survival. However, postpartum maternal and neonatal vitamin A supplementation may hasten progression to death in breast‐fed children who are PCR negative at 6 weeks. These findings raise concern about universal maternal or neonatal vitamin A supplementation in HIV‐endemic areas.
Probiotic effects on late-onset sepsis in very preterm infants: a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Late‐onset sepsis frequently complicates prematurity, contributing to morbidity and mortality. Probiotics may reduce mortality and necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) in preterm infants, with unclear effect on late‐onset sepsis. This study aimed to determine the effect of administering a specific combination of probiotics to very preterm infants on culture‐proven late‐onset sepsis. METHODS: A prospective multicenter, double‐blinded, placebo‐controlled, randomized trial compared daily administration of a probiotic combination (Bifidobacterium infantis, Streptococcus thermophilus, and Bifidobacterium lactis, containing 1 × 10(9) total organisms) with placebo (maltodextrin) in infants born before 32 completed weeks' gestation weighing <1500 g. The primary outcome was at least 1 episode of definite late‐onset sepsis. RESULTS: Between October 2007 and November 2011, 1099 very preterm infants from Australia and New Zealand were randomized. Rates of definite late‐onset sepsis (16.2%), NEC of Bell stage 2 or more (4.4%), and mortality (5.1%) were low in controls, with high breast milk feeding rates (96.9%). No significant difference in definite late‐onset sepsis or all‐cause mortality was found, but this probiotic combination reduced NEC of Bell stage 2 or more (2.0% versus 4.4%$$$ relative risk 0.46, 95% confidence interval 0.23 to 0.93, P = .03$$$ number needed to treat 43, 95% confidence interval 23 to 333). CONCLUSIONS: The probiotics B infantis, S thermophilus, and B lactis significantly reduced NEC of Bell stage 2 or more in very preterm infants, but not definite late‐onset sepsis or mortality. Treatment with this combination of probiotics appears to be safe.
Effect of breastfeeding and formula feeding on transmission of HIV-1: a randomized clinical trial$$$ CONTEXT: Transmission of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV‐1) is known to occur through breastfeeding, but the magnitude of risk has not been precisely defined. Whether breast milk HIV‐1 transmission risk exceeds the potential risk of formula‐associated diarrheal mortality in developing countries is unknown. OBJECTIVES: To determine the frequency of breast milk transmission of HIV‐1 and to compare mortality rates and HIV‐1‐free survival in breastfed and formula‐fed infants. DESIGN AND SETTING: Randomized clinical trial conducted from November 1992 to July 1998 in antenatal clinics in Nairobi, Kenya, with a median follow‐up period of 24 months. PARTICIPANTS: Of 425 HIV‐1‐seropositive, antiretroviral‐naive pregnant women enrolled, 401 mother‐infant pairs were included in the analysis of trial end points. INTERVENTIONS: Mother‐infant pairs were randomized to breastfeeding (n = 212) vs formula feeding arms (n = 213). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Infant HIV‐1 infection and death during the first 2 years of life, compared between the 2 intervention groups. RESULTS: Compliance with the assigned feeding modality was 96% in the breastfeeding arm and 70% in the formula arm (P<.001). Median duration of breastfeeding was 17 months. Of the 401 infants included in the analysis, 94% were followed up to HIV‐1 infection or mortality end points: 83% for the HIV‐1 infection end point and 93% to the mortality end point. The cumulative probability of HIV‐1 infection at 24 months was 36.7% (95% confidence interval [CI], 29.4%‐44.0%) in the breastfeeding arm and 20.5% (95% CI, 14.0%‐27.0%) in the formula arm (P = .001). The estimated rate of breast milk transmission was 16.2% (95% CI, 6.5%‐25.9%). Forty‐four percent of HIV‐1 infection in the breastfeeding arm was attributable to breast milk. Most breast milk transmission occurred early, with 75% of the risk difference between the 2 arms occurring by 6 months, although transmission continued throughout the duration of exposure. The 2‐year mortality rates in both arms were similar (breastfeeding arm, 24.4% [95% CI, 18.2%‐30.7%] vs formula feeding arm, 20.0% [95% CI, 14.4%‐25.6%]$$$ P = .30). The rate of HIV‐1‐free survival at 2 years was significantly lower in the breastfeeding arm than in the formula feeding arm (58.0% vs 70.0%, respectively$$$ P = .02). CONCLUSIONS: The frequency of breast milk transmission of HIV‐1 was 16.2% in this randomized clinical trial, and the majority of infections occurred early during breastfeeding. The use of breast milk substitutes prevented 44% of infant infections and was associated with significantly improved HIV‐1‐free survival.
Impact of improved small-scale livestock farming on human nutrition$$$ Micronutrient deficiencies and stunting rates are high in many low‐income countries. Increasing and diversifying food intake are often challenging for small‐scale farmers in lowland areas as flooding often results in crop losses and drowning of livestock. A cluster‐randomised controlled trial was conducted over 12‐months in Bangladesh, involving 150 small‐scale duck rearing households, including 50 control, and 50 households each in two intervention arms. Interventions focussing on improving duck health and duck nutrition were applied on a village level. Data analysis focussed on assessing the impact of interventions on duck mortality, sales and consumption, and on dietary diversity of household members. Improved duck rearing increased the consumption and the sales of ducks. Household selling more ducks were more likely to purchase and consume milk products, contributing to an improved households' dietary diversity. Our results suggest that improving duck rearing can provide a suitable and sustainable alternative to maintain and improve dietary diversity of households in flood‐prone areas.
Serratia and surgical site infections: risk factors and epidemiology$$$ Background. Serratia spp. have been associated with surgical site infection (SSI) outbreaks associated with specific providers, topical creams and contaminated saline products. Patient risk factors for developing infection with this organism have not been extensively studied. We sought to evaluate risk factors for Serratia SSI. Methods. Cases of Serratia SSI occurring between 2012 and 2016 were identified via an infection control surveillance program. SSI was defined by National Healthcare Safety Network (NHSN) criteria. Controls were randomly selected individuals undergoing similar procedures during the same time frame without identified Serratia SSI. Data was analyzed using partitioning, student T test and chi‐square analysis to identify risk factors for Serratia SSI. Results. During the study period, 17 cases and 34 controls were identified, all of whom were cardiac or vascular surgery patients. Males were afflicted far more often than females (Relative risk 4.9, 95% CI 0.72‐33.37, P = 0.04) Cases were older (mean age [standard error] 55.1[3.40] vs. 66.3[4.92] years, P = 0.04), had longer operative times (238.1[19.1] vs. 212.5[28.2] minutes, P = 0.04), and a similar American Society of Anesthesiologist preoperative risk score (3.8[0.07] vs. 3.1[0.1], P = 0.83). We did not observe significant differences in body mass index, cardiopulmonary comorbidities, preoperative catheterization, or malignancy. In partition analysis, gender, (incision time >180 minutes and age >62) was all highly predictive of Serratia SSI risk (receiver operator characteristic 0.81). Other risk factors screened, including types of vascular access, specific surgeon(s) performing procedures, reoperation, open chest procedures and antecedent cardiac catheterization, were not significantly associated with an increased risk of serratia SSI's. Serratia SSI's were associated with a 29% 30‐day mortality rate, compared with 5.8% seen in controls (P = 0.02). Conclusion. Gender, operative time and age are associated with an increase in Serratia SSI risk. Serratia SSI is associated with a high mortality rate. Providers should be vigilant for this organism, particularly in older male patients undergoing complex cardiovascular surgical procedures.
The scale of the evidence base on the health effects of conventional yogurt consumption: findings of a scoping review$$$ Background: The health effects of conventional yogurt have been investigated for over a century$$$ however, few systematic reviews have been conducted to assess the extent of the health benefits of yogurt. Objective: The aim of this scoping review was to assess the volume of available evidence on the health effects of conventional yogurt. Methods: The review was guided by a protocol agreed a priori and informed by an extensive literature search conducted in November 2013. Randomized controlled trials were selected and categorized according to the eligibility criteria established in the protocol. Results: 213 studies were identified as relevant to the scoping question. The number of eligible studies identified for each outcome were: bone health (14 studies), weight management and nutrition related health outcomes (81 studies), metabolic health (6 studies)$$$ cardiovascular health (57 studies)$$$ gastrointestinal health (24 studies)$$$ cancer (39 studies)$$$ diabetes (13 studies), Parkinson's disease risk (3 studies), all‐cause mortality (3 studies), skin complaints (3 studies), respiratory complaints (3 studies), joint pain/function (2 studies)$$$ the remaining 8 studies reported a variety of other outcomes. For studies of a similar design and which assessed the same outcomes in similar population groups, we report the potential for the combining of data across studies in systematic reviews. Conclusions: This scoping review has revealed the extensive evidence base for many outcomes which could be the focus of systematic reviews exploring the health effects of conventional yogurt consumption.
OPTIMAL NUTRITION THERAPY WITH SATURATED FAT IMPROVES SURVIVAL IN PATIENTS WITH SEVERE ALCOHOLIC HEPATITIS: a RCT OF DESI GHEE$$$ Background: Chronic alcohol intake causes primary and secondary malnutrition, which is associated with impaired liver function and increased mortality in SAH. Optimal nutrition therapy (ONT) has been found effective in SAH patients. Epidemiological and experimental studies suggest protection against alcoholic liver injury with saturated fat (SF) contrary to unsaturated fat (USF).We compared the effect of ONT with SF was compared with USF on clinical outcomes and 60 day survival in SAH patients. Methods: Of 169 patients screened, 67 eligible patients with SAH having Maddrey's discriminant function (mDF) 32‐100, without sepsis, AKI and malignancy, were randomized into SF (n=34) or USF (n=33) arm. Both SF and USF groups received oral diet targeting 35kcal/day and 1.2‐1.5g protein per kg ideal body weight, comprising of 55‐60% carbohydrate, 20% protein, 30‐35% fat, for 60 days. The source of SF was desi ghee (clarified butter) and USF was soyabean oil. Changes in the clinical [MELD,CTP score, mDF, FIB‐4], biochemical [AST,ALT, bilirubin, GGT] and nutritional [dry BMI, fat free mass index (FFMI), triceps skin fold (TSF), hand grip strength (HGS)] parameters, from baseline to 60 days were expressed as delta.Kaplan Meir analysis followed by log‐rank test was done to compare the median time of survival between groups. Results: In 67 patients with SAH [age 40±7.37 yrs$$$ ascites 47 (84%)$$$ BMI‐21.3± 3.8 kg/m2$$$ mDF‐62.4± 21.4$$$ MELD 28±9.3$$$ CTP 10.6±1.4$$$ on steroids 14(25%)], mortality at 60 day was significantly lower in SF group 4(12.2%) as compared to USF group 11(33%) [p=0.014 (Fig.)]. Significant improvement (SF vs. USF) in liver enzymes$$$[AST (‐56) vs. (‐2)$$$ p‐0.002, GGT‐(‐ 19.7 vs. ‐2$$$ p‐0.04], disease severity scores$$$[MDF (‐30.5) vs. (0.00)$$$ p‐0.004], [MELD(‐10) vs. (‐4)$$$ p‐0.004],[ CTP(‐3) vs. (‐1)$$$ p‐0.002], fibrosis[FIB‐4 [(‐3.7 vs. 0.00$$$ p‐0.001], and nutritional parameters$$$[dry BMI (2.62 vs. 0.00$$$p‐0.02)], [FFMI(1.9 vs. 0.00$$$ p‐0.003)], [TSF (5.31 vs. 0.00$$$p‐0.003)], [HGS(4.25 vs.0.00$$$ p‐0.001)] were seen in the SF group compared to the USF group. Conclusion: Oral nutritional therapy with SF (desi ghee) as a source of dietary fat improves liver enzymes, disease severity, nutritional parameters and survival in patients with SAH. (Figure Presented).
Dietary carbohydrate restriction improves metabolic syndrome independent of weight loss$$$ BACKGROUNDMetabolic syndrome (MetS) is highly correlated with obesity and cardiovascular risk, but the importance of dietary carbohydrate independent of weight loss in MetS treatment remains controversial. Here, we test the theory that dietary carbohydrate intolerance (i.e., the inability to process carbohydrate in a healthy manner) rather than obesity per se is a fundamental feature of MetS.METHODSIndividuals who were obese with a diagnosis of MetS were fed three 4‐week weight‐maintenance diets that were low, moderate, and high in carbohydrate. Protein was constant and fat was exchanged isocalorically for carbohydrate across all diets.RESULTSDespite maintaining body mass, low‐carbohydrate (LC) intake enhanced fat oxidation and was more effective in reversing MetS, especially high triglycerides, low HDL‐C, and the small LDL subclass phenotype. Carbohydrate restriction also improved abnormal fatty acid composition, an emerging MetS feature. Despite containing 2.5 times more saturated fat than the high‐carbohydrate diet, an LC diet decreased plasma total saturated fat and palmitoleate and increased arachidonate.CONCLUSIONConsistent with the perspective that MetS is a pathologic state that manifests as dietary carbohydrate intolerance, these results show that compared with eucaloric high‐carbohydrate intake, LC/high‐fat diets benefit MetS independent of whole‐body or fat mass.TRIAL REGISTRATIONClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT02918422.FUNDINGDairy Management Inc. and the Dutch Dairy Association.
Topical Imiquimod for Lentigo Maligna: survival Analysis of 103 Cases With 17 Years Follow-up$$$ Topical imiquimod 5% cream has been investigated as off‐label primary or adjuvant treatment for melanoma in situ, lentigo maligna type (LM). Herein, we present the largest known case series of lentigo maligna treated with topical imiquimod, with up to 17 years of follow‐up, and include a recurrence‐free survival analysis. In this case series, 103 lesions were retrospectively evaluated for treatment response and recurrence following a course of topical imiquimod with or without tazarotene gel 0.1% pretreatment between January 1, 2002 and March 31, 2019, and prospectively followed through November 15, 2019. Over median follow‐up of 5.1 years (mean = 6.2 years, S = 5.2 years, range, 0.08–17.1 years), including 29.1% LM with >10 years follow‐up, we observed a response rate of 97.1% (100/103), with 8 local recurrences (8/100, 8.0%) developing at mean 2.9 years (SD: 2.7 years). Local recurrence was significantly associated with a history of failed excision (P= 0.001), <60 applications of imiquimod (P= 0.04) and partial clinical clearance (P= 0.0003). Recurrence‐free survival analysis demonstrated significant risk‐stratification for low and high‐risk groups (P= 0.0001). Long term risk for recurrence showed significant differences among low‐ and high‐risk cases, with low‐risk cases demonstrating favorable long‐term outcomes, comparable to conventional and staged surgery. Our observed low recurrence in a large case series with long‐term follow‐up suggests the efficacy of topical 5% imiquimod for LM and emphasizes the need for randomized control trials comparing imiquimod with, or as an adjunct to, surgical treatment. J Drugs Dermatol. 2021$$$20(3):346‐348. doi:10.36849/JDD.2021.5660.
Effects of low-fat or full-fat fermented and non-fermented dairy foods on selected cardiovascular biomarkers in overweight adults$$$ The association between consumption of full‐fat dairy foods and CVD may depend partly on the nature of products and may not apply to low‐fat dairy foods. Increased circulating levels of inflammatory biomarkers after consumption of dairy product‐rich meals suggest an association with CVD. In the present study, we tested the effects of low‐fat and full‐fat dairy diets on biomarkers associated with inflammation, oxidative stress or atherogenesis and on plasma lipid classes. Within full‐fat dairy diets, we also compared fermented v. non‐fermented products. In a randomised cross‐over study, twelve overweight/obese subjects consumed during two 3‐week periods two full‐fat dairy diets containing either yogurt plus cheese (fermented) or butter, cream and ice cream (non‐fermented) or a low‐fat milk plus yogurt diet, with the latter being consumed between and at the end of the full‐fat dairy dietary periods. The concentrations of six inflammatory and two atherogenic biomarkers known to be raised in CVD were measured as well as those of plasma F2‐isoprostanes and lipid classes. The concentrations of six of the eight biomarkers tended to be higher on consumption of the low‐fat dairy diet than on that of the fermented dairy diet and the concentrations of two plasmalogen lipid classes reported to be associated with increased oxidisability were also higher on consumption of the low‐fat dairy diet than on that of the fermented dairy diet (P< 0.001), although plasma F2‐isoprostane concentrations did not differ on consumption of any of the diets. On the other hand, the concentrations of plasma sphingomyelin and IL‐6 were significantly higher on consumption of the non‐fermented dairy diet than on that of the low‐fat dairy diet (P< 0.02). In conclusion, short‐term diets containing low‐fat dairy products did not lead to a more favourable biomarker profile associated with CVD risk compared with the full‐fat dairy products, suggesting that full‐fat fermented dairy products may be the more favourable.
Prediction of survival for patients with bullous pemphigoid: a prospective study$$$ OBJECTIVE: To identify the prognostic factors of bullous pemphigoid (BP). DESIGN: Prospective study of patients with BP included in a randomized, controlled trial. SETTING: Twenty dermatology departments in France. Patients One hundred seventy patients with BP initially treated with a 40‐g/d dosage of clobetasol propionate cream (testing sample) and 171 patients initially treated with oral corticosteroids at a dosage of 0.5 or of 1.0 mg/kg per day, depending on the extent of BP (validation samples). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The end point was overall survival during the first year after BP diagnosis. From the testing sample, associations of clinical and biological variables with overall survival were assessed using univariate and multivariate analyses. Selected predictors were included in a prognostic model. To verify that these predictors were not dependent on the treatment used, the model was then validated independently on the 2 series of BP patients treated with oral corticosteroids. RESULTS: Median age of the BP patients included in the testing sample was 83 years. The 1‐year Kaplan‐Meier survival rate was 74%. From univariate analysis, the main deleterious predictors were demographic factors (ie, older age and female sex), associated medical conditions (ie, cardiac insufficiency, history of stroke, and dementia), and low Karnofsky score, which is a measure of the patient's general condition. No factors directly related to BP, in particular extent of cutaneous lesions, were shown to be related to the patients' prognosis. From multivariate analysis, only older age (P = .02) and low Karnofsky score (P<.001) appeared independently predictive of death. From the Cox model including these 2 predictors, the predicted 1‐year survival rates were 90% (95% confidence interval [CI], 85%‐96%) for patients 83 years or younger with Karnofsky score greater than 40, 79% (95% CI, 69%‐90%) for patients older than 83 years with Karnofsky score greater than 40, 65% (95% CI, 50%‐86%) for patients 83 years or younger with Karnofsky score of 40 or less, and 38% (95% CI, 26%‐57%) for patients older than 83 years with Karnofsky score of 40 or less. Kaplan‐Meier survival distributions of patients from the validation samples appeared clearly separated according to these 4 categories and were in close agreement with corresponding predicted 1‐year survival rates obtained from the testing sample. CONCLUSIONS: The prognosis of patients with BP is influenced by age and Karnofsky score. These predictors are easy to use and should facilitate the management of BP.
Yogurt consumption and abdominal obesity reversion in the PREDIMED study$$$ Background and aims: Evidence on the association yogurt consumption and obesity is not conclusive. The aim of this study was to prospectively evaluate the association between yogurt consumption, reversion of abdominal obesity status and waist circumference change in elderly. Methods and results: 4545 individuals at high cardiovascular risk were prospectively followed. Total, whole‐fat and low‐fat yogurt consumption were assessed using food frequency questionnaires. Generalized estimating equations were used to analyze the association between yogurt consumption and waist circumference change (measured at baseline and yearly during the follow‐up). Logistic regression models were used to evaluate the odds ratios (ORs) and 95% CIs of the reversion rate of abdominal obesity for each quintile of yogurt consumption compared with the lowest quintile. After multivariable adjustment, the average yearly waist circumference change in the quintiles of whole‐fat yogurt consumption was: Q1: 0.00, Q2: 0.00 (‐0.23 to 0.23), Q3: ‐0.15 (‐0.42 to 0.13), Q4: 0.10 (‐0.21 to 0.42), and Q5: ‐0.23 (‐0.46 to ‐0.00) cm$$$ p for trend = 0.05. The ORs for the reversion of abdominal obesity for whole‐fat yogurt consumption were Q1: 1.00, Q2: 1.40 (1.04‐1.90), Q3: 1.33 (0.94‐1.89), Q4: 1.21 (0.83‐1.77), and Q5: 1.43 (1.06‐1.93)$$$ p for trend = 0.26. Conclusion: Total yogurt consumption was not significantly associated with reversion of abdominal obesity status and a lower waist circumference. However, consumption of whole‐fat yogurt was associated with changes in waist circumference and higher probability for reversion of abdominal obesity. Therefore, it seems that whole‐fat yogurt has more beneficial effects in management of abdominal obesity in elderly population at high cardiovascular risk.
Secondary angiosarcoma occurring after conservative treatment for breast adenocarcinoma$$$ Introduction: Although it is a recognised association, secondary angiosarcoma of the breast after conservative management for breast cancer is often missed. Not in part due to the rarity of the condition, patients are often present late in their course of follow‐up and disease progression is rapid. In this case abstract, clinical aspects of presentation, treatment and outcomes are discussed in order to highlight this aggressive condition. Clinical presentation A 61 year old patient underwent left breast wide local excision and axillary lymph node clearance. Staging was T2N0M0 Grade 3 ER positive carcinoma. She received adjuvant CMF (Cylclophophamide,Methotrexate and 5‐Fluorouracil) for 6 cycles followed by 50 Gy in 25 fractions adjuvant radiotherapy with 14 Gy in 7 fractions boost over 10 days. Tamoxifen was given for 5 years. However, seven years after her initial diagnosis she complained of an itchy rash under left breast which had started around twelve months before. On examination it was found to be a nodular and bruised rash. Hydrocortisone cream prescribed. This rash was reviewed two months later in clinic when it had extended and started to ulcerate. Most of the lower half of the breast was involved including the chest wall. No lymphadenopathy was found and systemic examination was otherwise unremarkable. Blood investigations were normal. Diagnostic consideration: A biopsy was carried out which showed a immunohistochemistry profile of being positive for CD31+, CD34+ and negative for CAM 5.2 and MNF 116. A diagnosis of angiosarcoma of the breast was made. No metastatic disease was found on CT. Therapy and outcome Combination chemotherapy was started and she received 6 cycles of Doxorubicin, Ifosphamide, Cisplatin. Encouraging initial response was seen. Clinically only a residual rash remained. Unfortunately, duration of response was short and new lesions developed on her breast after two months. The patient was then referred for mastectomy. However, within a couple of months, local progression occurred rapidly over the surgical scar. Imaging showed local deep chest wall extension. As previous combination chemotherapy was poorly tolerated, single agent second line Doxorubicin was started. After her first cycle of Doxorubicin, promising response was seen clinically with drying up of ulcerated areas. Response continued for three cycles and repeat CT showed resolution of deep chest wall disease. Due to cumulative toxicity from adriamycin, it was decided to continue her chemotherapy but a switch to Docetaxel and Gemcitabine. Unfortunately, after 4 cycles she developed grade 3 thrombocytop aenia and treatment needed to be halted. Her disease was however flared up during this break and further nodules developed in the breast. When her blood count recovered, continuing the chemotherapy did produce another episode of response, but progression again occurred when a second break occurred in her treatment due to repeat thrombocytopaenia. Each wave of progression occurred after any break in treatment. A decision was made to palliate her pain and ulceration with a course of radiotherapy. An electron dose of 30 Gy in 10 fractions was administered. Any response was not maintained for more than a week and her disease progression was unrelenting. In the meantime, the patient's thrombocytopaenia did not allow any further chemotherapy. With aggressively progressive disease and low platelets, the patient unfortunately died from local haemorrhage 4 weeks after her last therapy, 24 months after diagnosis of her angiosarcoma. Questions: 1) What is the best management for secondary angiosarcoma of the breast? 2) Is there any role for adjuvant chemotherapy? 3) What is the best chemotherapy treatment for metastatic disease? Discussion: Angiosarcomas account for 1‐ 2% of all soft tissue sarcomas. Post surgical lymphodema and radiation related angiosarcomas comprises of less than 0.1 to 0.14 % of breast cancers (1,2) and may occur in younger age groups. Documented associations include a three‐ to four‐ fold increase in risk of angiosarcoma from a background of chronic lymphoedema as in the Stewart‐Treves syndrome (4). Timing of presentation may be varied but is often late. In some literature, mean latency period ranged from less than 48 to 75 months (3, 7). In this case abstract, development of secondary breast angiosarcoma occurred seven years after primary breast treatment. This is well after the usual follow‐up of 5 years. Clinical vigilance is important and differential diagnoses including eczema, infection, trauma, radiation side‐effect and local breast cancer recurrence are all valid and can complicate or delay diagnosis. However, appearance of bruised (8), ulcerating or nodular lesions in the previously treated breast, ipsilateral axilla or arm is usually a heralding sign. Lesions are often multi‐focal and may be painful. Surgery is the best way to achieve local control and localised occurrence should be managed with mastectomy (7), but wide excision appropriate for sarcoma tumours may be necessary. It is recommended that this should be carried out in a sarcoma specialist unit especially if the tumour is beyond the confines of the remaining breast tissue or encroaching the chest wall. Growth is rapid after clinical manifestation and progression may render the tumour inoperable. Prognosis is generally poor with rapid recurrence at as soon as 14 weeks (3). However, as demonstrated in the current case, progression can be unrelenting and any respite brief. The role of adjuvant chemotherapy is uncertain and there is no consensus is with regards to the best drug combination. Drugs including Doxorubicin, Ifosphamide, Cisplatin, Taxanes and Gemcitabine are used. Angiosarcomas are radioresistant but local radiotherapy may be used for short term palliation. Due to the low incidence of cases, randomised controlled trials are a challenge and evidence often relies on collective data and clinical experience.
A whole-food, plant-based (WFPB) dietary intervention to improve cancer-related and cardiometabolic outcomes in metastatic breast cancer patients$$$ Background: Obesity rates in the US have increased dramatically in recent years. Breast cancer treatment is associated with additional weight gain, and among patients with breast cancer, obesity and weight gain are associated with negative outcomes such as reduced progression‐free and overall survival due to cardiometabolic co‐morbidities. New evidence suggests that cardiometabolic comorbidities themselves can further accelerate breast cancer progression. We used a WFPB dietary intervention because it results in significant weight loss and larger improvements in cardiometabolic outcomes than a traditional, calorie‐restricted omnivore diet. Methods: Patients with stage 4 breast cancer receiving treatment were randomized 2:1 into: 1) a WFPB dietary intervention (N = 19) or 2) usual care (N = 9) for 8 weeks with assessments at baseline, 4, and 8 weeks. Our WFPB diet consisted of education and an ad libitum whole‐food, plant‐based diet$$$ 3 prepared meals a day were provided to WFPB subjects for the duration of the trial. The diet included fruits, vegetables, whole grains, legumes, nuts/seeds and excluded meat, dairy, and eggs. Outcomes include compliance, weight, cardiometabolic outcomes, and cancer progression markers. Effects of the WFPB on the outcomes were assessed by comparing marginal means by arm estimated at 8 weeks from the analysis of covariance model controlling for baseline. Results: Dietary compliance was high, with 95% of WFPB subjects consuming ≥80% of their calories from on plan foods. The WFPB group (mean baseline BMI = 31.6 kg/m2), on average, lost 6.7% (p < 0.01) of their total body weight. Adjusting for baseline weight, the WFPB group lost 8.9 lbs. more (p < 0.01) and 5.8% more of their total body weight (p < 0.01) than the control group. Conclusions: Our WFPB dietary intervention resulted in clinically meaningful and statistically significant improvements in weight and cardiometabolic outcomes, with a trend towards improving a clinically used cancer progression marker. Larger studies with longer interventions are needed to confirm these findings and investigate the sustainability of the benefits.
Feasibility of a Whole-Food, Plant-Based Intervention Among Women with Metastatic Breast Cancer and its Effect on Patient-Reported Outcomes$$$ Background: Women diagnosed with breast cancer commonly gain weight during and after treatment$$$ this obesity/weight change is associated with decreased quality of life (QOL) and other patient‐reported outcomes (PROs) such as cognitive dysfunction. Whole‐food, plant‐based (WFPB) dietary interventions lead to weight loss and cardiometabolic improvements, but their feasibility among metastatic breast cancer patients and their effect on cancer‐related PROs have not previously been studied. Methods: Women with stage 4 breast cancer and stable disease were randomized 2:1 into: 1) a WFPB dietary intervention (N=21) or 2) usual care (N=11) for 8 weeks with assessments at baseline, 4 and 8 weeks. Our WFPB diet consisted of weekly educational visits and an ad libitum whole‐food, plant‐based diet. Three prepared meals a day were provided for the duration of the trial. The diet included fruits, vegetables, whole grains, legumes, nuts and seeds and excluded meat, dairy, eggs, and added oils/solid fats. Effects of the WFPB diet on the outcomes were assessed by comparing marginal means by arm estimated at 8 weeks from the analysis of covariance model controlling for baseline. Results: Of 32 subjects randomized, 20 intervention subjects and 10 control subjects completed all 3 assessments. Baseline and week 8 dietary intake among the intervention subjects is shown in table 1. Cognitive function, as measured by the Functional Assessment of Cancer Therapy ‐ Cognitive Function (FACT‐COG) questionnaire and a modified MD Anderson Symptom Inventory (MDASI), showed significant improvement within the intervention group as well as in comparison to the control group (Table 2). Overall quality of life, emotional and physical wellbeing, and breast cancer‐specific symptoms, as measured by Functional Assessment of Cancer Therapy ‐ Breast (FACT‐B) questionnaire improved significantly within the intervention group. Mean fatigue was lower at 8 weeks within the intervention group as measured by the Brief Fatigue Inventory (BFI), but this did not reach statistical significance (p=0.10). When intervention subjects were asked, 'On a scale from 1 to 10 [1 being “would not recommend” and 10 being “highly recommend”], how strongly would you recommend that other cancer patients be given this type of nutrition and support intervention if they were able and willing to participate?' participants' mean score was 9.5. Conclusion: Our WFPB intervention was feasible and acceptable, with high compliance despite asking subjects to make major changes in dietary intake. Clinically and statistically significant improvements in several PROs, including cognitive function, overall QOL, physical and emotional wellbeing were noted for those in the WFPB group. Given the benefits to QOL and PROs, longer studies are required to demonstrate durability of behavior changes and outcomes.
Food groups associated with a reduced risk of 15-year all-cause death$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Long‐term observational cohorts provide the opportunity to investigate the potential impact of dietary patterns on death. We aimed to investigate all‐cause death according to the consumption of selected food groups, and then to identify those independently associated with reduced mortality. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Population survey of middle‐aged men randomly selected in the period 1995‐1997 from the general population of three French areas and followed over a median of 14.8 years. Dietary data were collected through a 3‐day food record. Cox modeling was used to assess the risk of death according to selected foods groups after extensive adjustment for confounders, including a diet quality index. RESULTS: The study population comprised 960 men (mean age 55.5 ±6.2 years). After a median follow‐up of 14.8 (interquartile range 14.3‐15.2) years, 150 (15.6%) subjects had died. Food groups that remained independently predictive of a lower risk of death after extensive adjustment were an above‐median consumption of milk (adjusted relative risk: 0.61, 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.43‐0.86, P‐value=0.005), fruits and vegetables (0.68, 0.46‐0.98, P‐value=0.041) and a moderate consumption of yogurts and cottage cheese (0.50, 95% CI: 0.31‐0.81, P‐value=0.005), other cheeses (0.62, 0.39‐0.97, P‐value=0.036) and bread (0.57, 0.37‐0.89, P‐value=0.014). Besides, there was a nonsignificant trend for a higher risk of death associated with highest sodium intakes. CONCLUSIONS: Consumption of food groups that largely match recommendations is associated with a reduced risk of all‐cause death in men. A diet providing moderate amounts of diverse food groups appears associated with the highest life expectancy.
RANDOMIZED CLINICAL TRIAL USING A WHOLE-FOOD, PLANT BASED (WFPB) DIETARY INTERVENTION to TREAT CANCER RELATED FATIGUE (CRF)$$$ Introduction CRF is highly prevalent yet is not adequately assessed or treated in patients during or after treatment. Patients with clinically significant CRF report more adverse events and have a reduced life expectancy. A WFPB dietary intervention may alleviate fatigue and common clinical factors related to fatigue such as insulin and blood glucose levels. Methods Patients with stage 4 breast cancer receiving treatment were randomized 2:1 into 2 arms: 1) WFPB diet (N=20) or 2) usual care (N=10) for 8 weeks with assessments at baseline, and 8 weeks. Our WFPB diet consisted of an ad libitum whole‐food, plant‐based diet$$$ 3 meals/day were provided, which included fruits, vegetables, whole grains, nuts/seeds and excluded meat, dairy, eggs, added oils, solid fats and most sugars. Patient reported outcomes for fatigue were collected using EORTC‐QLQ‐C30 and brief fatigue inventory (BFI) questionnaires. Blood was collected for analysis pre and post intervention. Pre to post analysis within each arm was assessed by t‐test. Results Pre‐intervention mean score for fatigue using EORTC‐QLQ‐C30 was 43.9, post‐intervention mean score was significantly reduced to 34.4 (p=0.009). A minimally important diference is 8, the change we observed of 9.5 is clinically meaningful. These results are supported by significant reductions in fatigue as measured by BFI, BFI worst (p=0.013) and BFI severe (p=0.046). The clinically meaningful reduction in fatigue could be attributed to a significant decrease in blood glucose (p=0.043), insulin (p=0.003) and homeostatic model assessment of insulin (HOMA) (p=0.006) post WFPB diet intervention. No significant changes were observed in the control group for any of the reported outcomes. Conclusions Our WFPB diet resulted in clinically meaningful and statistically significant reduction of CRF, regulated insulin resistance and reduced blood glucose levels. Further research is needed to confrm these fndings but dietary interventions may lead to clinically relevant improvements in CRF for metastatic breast cancer patients.
Randomized trial assessing impact of probiotic supplementation on gut microbiome and clinical outcome from targeted therapy in metastatic renal cell carcinoma$$$ Studies suggest a link between the gut microbiome and metastatic renal cell carcinoma (mRCC) outcomes, including evidence that mRCC patients possess a lower abundance of Bifidobacterium spp. compared to healthy adults. We sought to assess if a Bifidobacterium‐containing yogurt product could modulate the gut microbiome and clinical outcome from vascular endothelial growth factor‐tyrosine kinase inhibitors (VEGF‐TKIs). mRCC patients initiating VEGF‐TKIs, regardless of the line of therapy, were randomized to probiotic‐supplemented (two 4 oz. servings of the probiotic yogurt product daily) or probiotic‐restricted arms. Stool samples were collected prior to therapy and at weeks 2, 3, 4, and 12. Microbiome composition was assessed using whole‐metagenome sequencing. A total of 20 patients were randomized. Bifidobacterium animalis, the active ingredient of the probiotic supplement, reached detectable levels in all patients in the probiotic‐supplemented arm versus two patients in the probiotic‐restricted arm. Clinical benefit rate was similar in probiotic‐supplemented versus probiotic‐restricted arms (70% vs. 80%, p = 0.606). Linear discriminant analysis (LDA) effect size analysis of MetaPhIAn2 abundance data predicted 25 enriched species demonstrating an LDA score >3 in either clinical benefit or no clinical benefit. In patients with clinical benefit (vs. no clinical benefit), Barnesiella intestinihominis and Akkermansia muciniphila were significantly more abundant (p = 7.4 × 10−6 and p = 5.6 × 10−3, respectively). This is the first prospective randomized study demonstrating modulation of the gut microbiome with a probiotic in mRCC. Probiotic supplementation successfully increased the Bifidobacterium spp. levels. Analysis of longitudinal stool specimens identified an association between B. intestinihominis, A. muciniphila, and clinical benefit with therapy. Trial Registration: NCT02944617.
A diabetic foot story$$$ SUMMARY: Diabetic foot is a common complication of diabetes mellitus and it is the most common cause of foot amputations worldwide. Coordinating patient care with other specialists, using new treatment technology and including the patient as a significant part of the team are all required for effective patient care. In this presentation, general approach to patients with diabetic foot wound and contributions of recent innovations to clinical improvement are summarized. INTRODUCTION: Diabetic foot ulcers are among important conditions to be highlightened because they may cause serious problems extending to major amputation of extremities.1 Diabetic foot ulcers are developed due to isolated or combined effects of peripheral neuropathy, vascular insufficiency, infection and immune system disorders.2,3 The foot with complete loss of sensation becomes prone to ulceration because repetitive trauma can not be perceived and protective measures are not taken. Diabetic foot lesions lead to a wide spectrum of conditions starting from a simple superficial hyperemia to ulceration, osteomyelitis and gangrene. Although ulceration may occur on every region of the foot, it is most frequently seen on plantar forefoot. 4 The risk of foot ulcer and extremity amputation increases with age and duration of diabetes. 5,6 Prevention of diabetic foot is crucial regarding both the quality of life of patients and economic burden of this condition on healthcare system. Here we present a patient who applied to our polyclinic because of a diabetic foot wound. CASE PRESENTATION: A male patient aged sixty five applied to our polyclinic with the complaint of diabetic foot ulcer wound sized appoximately 7x12cm on the front face of the right foot. Patient had been given hyperbaric oxygen treatment for 3 months in a different center and at the end of the treatment he was recommended amputation. He did not accept amputataion and applied to us. Upon examination, it was seen that the wound was clean and there were no osteomyelitis developed as determined by graphy, thus Epidermal Growth Factor(EGF) application was decided. Patient was hospitalized and a treatment consisting of daily wound debridement and intralesional EGF 3 times a week for 3 months was given (figure 1,2,3 and 4). At the end of 3 months the patient was discharged with his foot wound healed and almost completely closed. DISCUSSION: Diabetes is the most common cause of foot amputations. 51% of the lower extremity amputations are diabetes‐related. Amputation rate increases with advancing age and is greater in males.7 Foot ulcers are among the most significant causes for hospitalization of diabetic patients and are related with high morbidity and mortality as well as serious problems for patients and their families. Patients living dependent on their care givers throughout the treatment and very high costs of the treatment give rise to socioeconomic concerns. The average cost of a treatment of a hospitalized patient with a diabetic foot ulcer in U.S. was estimated at 36.000 dollars.8 The reported diabetic ulcer healing rates ranged from 33 to 57.5% at a cutoff time of 12‐20 weeks, when the growth factors PDGF or FGF were used in controlled trials. In a small pilot randomized double‐blind study reported by Richard et al., nine chronic neuropathic plantar foot ulcers (Wegner grade I‐III) were treated with topical FGF for a total of 18 weeks. The healing rates for the treated and placebo group were 33 and 63%, respectively, with no statistically significant difference. In a large multicenter study, PDGF, at a concentration of 100 μg/g in cream, gave a better healing rate (50%) than the placebo group (35%) in a 20‐week study (P = 0.007).9,10 In a randomized double‐blind study by Montequin et al., intralesional Heberprot‐P was administered 3 times a week at a dose of 75 mcgr to one group and at a dose of 25mcgr to another group. Granulation response as complete response following intralesional EGF administration was 73.9% in the first group (75mcgr) and 50% in the second group (25mcgr) at the end of 5 weeks. Complete response rate was 82.6% in the first group and 61.1% in the second group at 8 weeks.11 Diabetic foot ulcers should be carefully evaluated and the gold‐standard treatments should be strictly applied in order to prevent amputation. Further clinical studies are needed to support the existing evidence regarding the clinical benefit of new approaches for the treatment of diabetic ulcers, and these approaches should be used only as add‐on therapies to the goldstandard wound care.
Soy food consumption and breast cancer prognosis$$$ BACKGROUND: Contrary to earlier clinical studies suggesting that soy may promote breast tumor growth, two recent studies show that soy‐containing foods are not adversely related to breast cancer prognosis. We examined, using data from the Women's Healthy Eating and Living (WHEL) study, the effect of soy intake on breast cancer prognosis. METHODS: Three thousand eighty‐eight breast cancer survivors, diagnosed between 1991 and 2000 with early‐stage breast cancer and participating in WHEL, were followed for a median of 7.3 years. Isoflavone intakes were measured postdiagnosis by using a food frequency questionnaire. Women self‐reported new outcome events semiannually, which were then verified by medical records and/or death certificates. HRs and 95% CIs representing the association between either a second breast cancer event or death and soy intake were computed, adjusting for study group and other covariates, using the delayed entry Cox proportional hazards model. RESULTS: As isoflavone intake increased, risk of death decreased (P for trend = 0.02). Women at the highest levels of isoflavone intake (>16.3 mg isoflavones) had a nonsignificant 54% reduction in risk of death. CONCLUSION: Our study is the third epidemiologic study to report no adverse effects of soy foods on breast cancer prognosis. IMPACT: These studies, taken together, which vary in ethnic composition (two from the United States and one from China) and by level and type of soy consumption, provide the necessary epidemiologic evidence that clinicians no longer need to advise against soy consumption for women with a diagnosis of breast cancer.
Influence of CReatine supplementation on mUScle mass and strength after stroke (ICaRUS Stroke Trial): study protocol for a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Stroke is a leading cause of mortality and disability, and its sequelae are associated with inadequate food intake which can lead to sarcopenia. The aim of this study is to verify the effectiveness of creatine supplementation on functional capacity, strength, and changes in muscle mass during hospitalization for stroke compared to usual care. An exploratory subanalysis will be performed to assess the inflammatory profiles of all participants, in addition to a follow‐up 90 days after stroke, to verify functional capacity, muscle strength, mortality, and quality of life. METHODS: Randomized, double‐blind, unicenter, parallel‐group trial including individuals with ischemic stroke in the acute phase. The duration of the trial for the individual subject will be approximately 90 days, and each subject will attend a maximum of three visits. Clinical, biochemical, anthropometric, body composition, muscle strength, functional capacity, degree of dependence, and quality of life assessments will be performed. Thirty participants will be divided into two groups: intervention (patients will intake one sachet containing 10g of creatine twice a day) and control (patients will intake one sachet containing 10g of placebo [maltodextrin] twice a day). Both groups will receive supplementation with powdered milk protein serum isolate to achieve the goal of 1.5g of protein/kg of body weight/day and daily physiotherapy according to the current rehabilitation guidelines for patients with stroke. Supplementation will be offered during the 7‐day hospitalization. The primary outcomes will be functional capacity, strength, and changes in muscle mass after the intervention as assessed by the Modified Rankin Scale, Timed Up and Go test, handgrip strength, 30‐s chair stand test, muscle ultrasonography, electrical bioimpedance, and identification of muscle degradation markers by D3‐methylhistidine. Follow‐up will be performed 90 days after stroke to verify functional capacity, muscle strength, mortality, and quality of life. DISCUSSION: The older population has specific nutrient needs, especially for muscle mass and function maintenance. Considering that stroke is a potentially disabling event that can lead the affected individual to present with numerous sequelae, it is crucial to study the mechanisms of muscle mass loss and understand how adequate supplementation can help these patients to better recover. TRIAL REGISTRATION: The Brazilian Clinical Trials Registry (ReBEC) RBR‐9q7gg4 . Registered on 21 January 2019.
Comparison of different early enteral feeding formulas on critically ill patients$$$ Critically ill patients are physiologically unstable, often have complex hypermetabolic responses to trauma. These patients are facing a high risk of death, multi‐organ failure, and prolonged ventilator use. Nutrition is one of therapy for critical illness, however, patients often experience malnutrition caused by disease severity, delays in feeding, and miscalculation of calorie needs. The study aims to evaluate clinical improvement in critically ill participants that were given 3 kinds of early enteral feeding formulas, which were control (5% Dextrose), high‐protein polymeric, or oligomeric formulas. A total of 55 critically ill participants admitted to the intensive care unit (ICU) between October 2017‐March 2018 and assigned in this controlled trial. Early enteral feeding was initiated within 24‐48 h after ICU admission. Each enteral feeding group were categorized to traumatic brain injury (TBI) or non‐TBI. The primary endpoints were changes in white blood cell count, Acute Physiologic and Chronic Health Evaluation (APACHE) II score, and Nutrition Risk in the Critically Ill (NUTRIC) score from baseline to day 3. Baseline characteristics were similar between control (n=22), high‐protein polymeric (n=19) and oligomeric (n=14) groups. There were significant decreases for white blood cell count (13,262.5±6,963.51 to 11,687.5±7,420.92$$$ p=0.041), APACHE II score (17.33±3.31 to 13.83±1.95$$$ p=0.007), and NUTRIC scores changes (3.08±1.44 to 1.92±1.00$$$ p=0.022) in non‐TBI participants receiving highprotein polymeric compared those in control or oligomeric participants. But there is no significant clinical improvement in TBI patients. In conclusion, non‐TBI patients benefit from early enteral feeding with high‐protein polymeric formula.
Sociodemographic, lifestyle and medical factors associated with helicobacter pylori infection$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIMS: The prevalence of Helicobacter pylori (H. pylori) infection is higher in developing countries and is often linked to lower socioeconomic status. Few studies have investigated the association between H. pylori and individual level characteristics in Europe, where several countries have a high prevalence of H. pylori infection. The study aimed to identify risk factors for H. pylori infection among adults in a large clinical trial in Latvia. METHODS: 1,855 participants (40‐64 years) of the "Multicenter randomized study of H. pylori eradication and pepsinogen testing for prevention of gastric cancer mortality" (GISTAR study) in Latvia tested for H. pylori IgG antibodies were included in a cross‐sectional analysis. Sociodemographic, lifestyle and medical factors were compared for participants seropositive (H. pylori+) and seronegative. Mutually adjusted odds ratios (OR) were calculated for H. pylori+ and factors significant in univariate analysis (education, smoking, binge drinking, several dietary habits, history of H. pylori eradication and disease), adjusting for age, gender and income. RESULTS: Of the participants 1,044 (55.4%) were H. pylori seropositive. The infection was associated with current (OR: 1.34, 95%CI: 1.01‐1.78) and former (OR: 1.38$$$ 95%CI: 1.03‐1.85) smoking, binge drinking (OR: 1.35$$$ 95%CI: 1.03‐1.78), having ≥200g dairy daily (OR: 1.37$$$ 95%CI: 1.11‐1.69), and very hot food/drinks (OR: 1.32$$$ 95%CI: 1.03‐1.69) and inversely with ≥400g vegetables/fruit daily (OR: 0.76$$$ 95%CI: 0.60‐0.96), history of H. pylori eradication (OR: 0.57$$$ 95%CI: 0.39‐0.84), peptic ulcer (OR: 0.55$$$ 95%CI: 0.38‐0.80) and cardiovascular disease (OR: 0.78$$$ 95%CI: 0.61‐0.99). CONCLUSIONS: After mutual adjustment, H. pylori seropositivity was associated with lifestyle and in particular dietary factors rather than socioeconomic indicators in contrast to the majority of other studies.
Comparative study of on-pump and off-pump coronary bypass surgery in patients with triple-vessel coronary artery disease$$$ BACKGROUND: Studies on selected patients undergoing off‐pump versus on‐pump coronary artery bypass surgery have produced inconsistent results, especially in patients with multiple coronary artery disease. This study compared the clinical results of on‐pump and off‐pump coronary bypass surgery in patients with triple‐vessel disease. METHODS: A total of 300 consecutive isolated, multiple coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) patients were assigned to the off‐pump coronary artery bypass (OPCAB, n = 150) or CABG with cardiopulmonary bypass (CCABG, n = 150) groups. There were no significant differences regarding degree of angina, history of myocardial infarction or diabetes, and presence of left main coronary artery disease between the two groups. Ejection fraction in the OPCAB group before surgery was lower than in the CCABG group (P < 0.01). In addition, more patients had a history of stroke and abnormal renal function preoperatively in the OPCAB group (P < 0.01). In OPCAB patients, single deep pericardial stay suture with a sling snared down was used to expose the target vessels, along with a stabilizer and a coronary shunt. A Medi‐Stim Butterfly Flowmeter was used to measure blood flow through grafts in both groups. RESULTS: No OPCAB patient was converted to the CCABG group. The average numbers of distal anastomoses and the indexes of completeness of revascularization (ICR) were similar in both groups. Postoperative respiratory support time and the volumes of chest tube drainage and of blood transfusions were less in the OPCAB group than in the CCABG group (both P < 0.01). The postoperative incidences of pulmonary dysfunction and renal insufficiency were lower in the OPCAB group than in the CCABG group (both P < 0.05). There were no significant differences between the two groups in mortality and other causes of morbidity (perioperative myocardial infarction, stroke, atrial fibrillation). CONCLUSIONS: OPCAB can be applied to patients with triple‐vessel coronary artery disease and can achieve similar completeness of revascularization and similar early surgical results, with shorter respiratory support, reduced transfusion requirement, and fewer cases of pulmonary dysfunction and abnormal renal function.
Cytomegalovirus infection and neonatal outcome in extremely preterm infants after freezing of maternal milk$$$ BACKGROUND: Cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection acquired from breast milk can cause serious illness in extremely preterm (EPT) infants (<28 weeks). Some neonatal centers freeze maternal milk (MM) to prevent CMV transmission$$$ however, this practice is controversial. In this study, we assessed the CMV transmission rate and neonatal outcome in EPT infants after routine freezing of all MM. METHODS: EPT infants (n = 140) and their mothers were randomized to the intervention group (only freeze‐thawed MM) or the control group (combined fresh and freeze‐thawed MM). Freeze‐thawed MM was frozen at ‐20°C for ≥3 days before thawing. Mothers had serological tests for CMV, and MM was analyzed for CMV by polymerase chain reaction and CMV culture. Infants underwent CMV screening with urine analysis by CMV‐polymerase chain reaction and CMV culture until 12 weeks of age. RESULTS: Congenital CMV infection was detected in 2% of screened infants. The CMV transmission rate in infants fed with CMV‐DNA positive milk was 8% (3 of 37) in the intervention group and 6% (2 of 33) in controls. All infants infected by CMV were asymptomatic. The final per‐protocol analysis included 56 infants in the intervention group and 65 controls. Neonatal mortality was comparable between the groups (7% vs. 6%). Neonatal morbidity was similar, except for late onset Candida sepsis, which was more frequent in the controls (12% vs. 0%). CONCLUSIONS: Routine freezing of all MM did not affect the rate of CMV transmission but may help to prevent fungal sepsis in EPT infants. This observation merits further investigation.
Cytomegalovirus infection and neonatal outcome in extremely preterm infants after freezing of maternal milk$$$ Background: Cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection acquired from breast milk can cause serious illness in extremely preterm (EPT) infants (<28 weeks). Some neonatal centers freeze maternal milk (MM) to prevent CMV transmission$$$ however, this practice is controversial. In this study, we assessed the CMV transmission rate and neonatal outcome in EPT infants after routine freezing of all MM. Methods: EPT infants (n = 140) and their mothers were randomized to the intervention group (only freeze‐thawed MM) or the control group (combined fresh and freeze‐thawed MM). Freeze‐thawed MM was frozen at ‐20°C for ≥3 days before thawing. Mothers had serological tests for CMV, and MM was analyzed for CMV by polymerase chain reaction and CMV culture. Infants underwent CMV screening with urine analysis by CMV‐polymerase chain reaction and CMV culture until 12 weeks of age. Results: Congenital CMV infection was detected in 2% of screened infants. The CMV transmission rate in infants fed with CMV‐DNA positive milk was 8% (3 of 37) in the intervention group and 6% (2 of 33) in controls. All infants infected by CMV were asymptomatic. The final per‐protocol analysis included 56 infants in the intervention group and 65 controls. Neonatal mortality was comparable between the groups (7% vs. 6%). Neonatal morbidity was similar, except for late onset Candida sepsis, which was more frequent in the controls (12% vs. 0%). Conclusions: Routine freezing of all MM did not affect the rate of CMV transmission but may help to prevent fungal sepsis in EPT infants. This observation merits further investigation.
Anti-egfr antibody added to ongoing anti-PD-1 antibody treatment for metastatic cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma of the face: two case reports$$$ Background Recurring cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) remains an area of high unmet medical need. While anti‐PD‐1 antibodies are now approved for this diagnosis, more than half the patients will need more effective treatments, supporting the development of new or combination regimens.4‐9 Weekly cetuximab targets EGFR and has antitumor immunogenic properties that could complement anti‐ PD‐1 immunotherapy. Cetuximab is being evaluated in combination clinical trials.1 3 Panitumumab also targets EGFR but is felt to function as a signal transduction inhibitor with weaker anti‐tumor immunogenic properties$$$ however, this medication is dosed every two weeks rather than weekly and has a relatively favorable toxicity profile.2 Methods Two consecutive elderly patients with significant comorbidities presented with a performance status of ECOG 3 and rapidly progressive recurrent cutaneous SCC of the face. The patients were presented treatment with an anti‐PD‐1 antibody, with an option ‐ were there an inadequate palliative response ‐ to include an EGFR antibody provided tolerance was adequate and molecular markets supported so doing. Each patient signed consent for treatment and consent for photographs. Dosing was per package insert, starting conservatively with pembrolizumab 2 mg/kg or nivolumab 3 mg/kg, respectively, escalating in both cases to flat dosing once it was apparent that tolerance was acceptable. The first cycle of panitumumab (6 mg/kg), when needed to be invoked, was administered solo between two cycles of PD‐1 inhibitor, then every two weeks while the PD‐1 inhibitor continued every two ‐ four weeks. Results A 78 year old women with significant cardiac disease and a St Jude tissue aortic valve, had undergone prior surgeries and radiation therapy for her recurring SCC of the face followed then by major resection, parotidectomy, flap reconstruction, and supraomohyoid neck dissection$$$ only two weeks after the latter surgery, she presented with over 20 new in‐radiation field metastases (see photo below). A 90 year old woman with emphysema on home oxygen and living in a facility presented with diffuse local recurrence 4 months after orbital exenteration, parotidectomy, neck dissection, and flap. Both patients' tumors were characterized: PDL1 (clone E1L3N) 2% and 10%, respectively$$$ scant peritumoral or intratumoral lymphocytes$$$ tumor mutation burden high (33 and 30 mutations per megabase, respectively)$$$ epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) high 3+ by IHC, but with no gene mutations detected in EGFR, kras or nras$$$ microsatellite stable. In the 78 yo woman, after two cycles of pembrolizumab, the 5 mm pink nodules grew further to up to 3 cm with facial erythema, edema, sealing the eye closed. Only by criteria was this not considered pseudoprogression, Panitumumab was integrated between cycles 2 and 3, resulting in a dramatic abrupt response: the masses became centrally necrotic, flaking, pouring off her face with prompt resolution in edema and complete response (CR) within 2 months ‐ now lasting over 18 months ‐ a period during which pembrolizumab and panitumumab were continued for 27 and 26 cycles respectively). Her major toxicity was diffuse erythema involving 30% of her torso$$$ this resolved early on with triamcinolone 0.1% cream. She also developed scabs in her uninvolved scalp ‐ some where other squamous and basal carcinomas had previously been resected and these all healed slowly (see photo), suggesting we were preventing similar future cancers from emerging in these areas. Similarly, the 90 yo woman achieved only a mixed response to nivolumab over 3 months with shrinking level V neck node but continued stubborn diffuse disease over her face and into the exenteration field. When panitumumab was added, however, there was clear improvement (See photo). With each of eight cycles, prolific crusting/scabbing would occur, shed, and reoccur, some in areas of the face without visible tumor, Mild acneiform rash and mild hypomagnesemia were readily managed. Her performance status and appetite improved and she gained back 14 pounds. After only 6 months, with pathologically confirmed CR, treatment had to be held because she was restricted to her assisted living facility in the midst of the COVID‐19 pandemic. Now after a year, the remaining scabs are largely gone (see photo). Conclusions The excellent tolerance of multiple cycles of outpatient combination treatment in these two consecutive patients with the same diagnosis, coupled with the observed durable anti‐tumor clinical activity lasting now over a year ‐ all support further exploration of panitumumab in combination with anti‐PD‐1 antibody treatment. A randomized trial would be needed to establish whether outcomes are truly better with the combination. Deciding on hyperprogression v pseudoprogression while getting anti‐PD‐1 antibody treatment remains a challenge. Laboratory studies would evaluate how such specific signal transduction inhibition by panitumumab might interfere with immune suppressive mechanisms in metastases, rendering them more sensitive to an induced anti‐tumor cellular immune response by an anti‐PD‐1 antibody. Finally such combination treatment should help reduce the need for increasingly cosmetically and functionally altering surgeries.
Effect of dietary supplementation of ghee residue on the performance of Japanese quails$$$ An experiment was conducted to assess the effect of dietary supplementation of ghee residue on growth performance of Japanese quails. Ghee residue (GR) was included in the diet at 0 (T1), 5 (T2), 10 (T3) and 15 (T4) percent levels and fed to 500 Japanese quails, randomly divided into four treatment groups with five replicates each with twenty birds. The experimental diet was isocaloric and isonitrogenous. The estimated TME, CP and EE of GR were 4800kcal/kg, 24.46% and 40.78%, respectively. The highest body weight (213.55g) with best FE (2.62) was observed at 5% GR fed group (T2). Feed consumption and mortality did not differ significantly among various treatments. Slaughter yield was highest at 5% GR fed group. However, the body weight, FE and carcass yield at 5 and 10% GR fed groups remained statistically similar to that of control. Organoleptic study revealed that the meat of 10% GR fed group (T3) was more acceptable compared to others. Breast muscle cholesterol level was highest in GR fed groups (T2 to T4) compared to control (T1). GR Supplementation at all levels resulted in reduction of feed cost with highest reduction at 15% level (Rs.1.46/kg) but reduction in performance was observed at the same level. It was concluded that ghee residue could be included in the broiler quail diet as an energy, protein and fat source up to 10% level.
Dairy Supplementation Reduces Fractures and Falls in Institutionalized Older Adults: a Cluster-Randomized Placebo-Controlled Trial$$$ Background: Older adults in aged‐care are at the highest risk for fractures and are the source of 30% of hip fractures in the community. These individuals often have inadequate intakes of calcium and protein and have reduced musculoskeletal mass and function. As dairy foods (i.e. milk, yoghurt cheese) are good source of calcium and protein we hypothesized that dairy supplementation would reduce the risk of fractures. Methods: We undertook a 2‐year cluster‐randomized placebo‐controlled trial in 60 aged‐care facilities$$$ 30 randomized to provide residents with additional dairy foods to achieve 4 servings daily while the remaining 30 facilities continued with their usual menu. Amongst the 7133 older adults involved (72% females, mean$$$ age 86.0+/‐8.2 years, calcium 650 mg/day, protein < 1g per kg body weight, 25(OH)D 73+/‐27 nmol/L) falls and fractures were recorded and verified using incident reports and hospital x‐ray reports, respectively. Dietary provision was determined from menu analyses and intake determined every 3 months in 10% of residents using validated plate waste analysis. Time to event was determined using multilevel Cox's model to account for the intra‐cluster covariance.Results: Dairy supplementation provided an additional 562+/‐166 mg/day calcium and 13+/‐6 g/day protein with residents achieving intakes of 1153+/‐444 mg/day and 69+/‐20 g/day respectively, while residents in control facilities continued intakes of 636+/‐267 mg/day of calcium and 57+/‐16 g/day protein. Dairy supplementation was associated with a 54% reduction in all fractures (HR 0.46$$$ 95CI: 0.27 to 0.80$$$ p=0.002),a 48% reduction in hip fractures (HR 0.60$$$ 95%CI, 0.37 to 0.75$$$ p<0.001), 9% fewer falls (HR0.91, 95%CI, 0.86 to 0.97, p<0.001) and unchanged mortality (HR 1.00, 95% CI, 0.41 to 2.42). Conclusion: Correction of low calcium and protein intakes in aged‐care residents using dairy foods is a safe and widely accessible intervention that reduces fractures and falls.
An Investigation Into The Impacts Of Early Access To A Dietitian-Led Multimodal Cancer Cachexia Intervention In Metastatic Cancer (Cachexia-Care): an Rct Protocol$$$ Rationale: Cachexia (CC) management is challenging due to the multifactorial aetiology of the syndrome. Studies evaluating the efficacy of nutrition interventions often recruit patients who already have CC and whose prognosis is poor and in whom simple interventions may not be as effective. Pragmatic, multimodal trials are required to target the complex aetiology and demonstrate efficacy in real‐world settings. As efficacy is reportedly poor in advanced CC, a validated means of identifying suitable patients early in the CC trajectory is also required. Methods: This RCT aims to recruit n=70 incurable upper GI/lung cancer patients starting 1st‐line treatment, of which n≥30 is required for the primary outcome analysis (80% power, α=0.05). Patients will be randomised 1:1 (open‐label) to intervention/control. A personalised 12‐week multimodal intervention (initial + weekly consultation with dietitian (RD)) incl. dietary counselling (ESPEN protein energy targets)(1), symptom management, exercise prescription (population aerobic/resistance targets) & 2 daily servings of a novel oral nutritional supplement (powder for reconstitution) (46 g + 150 ml whole milk provides 264 kcal, 26 g protein (incl. 3.5 g Amino L40© (leucine‐rich amino acid blend)) & 7.5 mcg vitamin D3). All patients receive standard care & written general dietary advice, but controls receive no dietetic input unless referred to hospital dietetics via the normal procedures at the discretion of their treating physician. Results: Nutritional, functional (EORTC QoL scales, Physical Activity Level (PAL)) & clinical status will be comprehensively assessed at weeks 0 & 12 (incl. gold‐standard CT body composition analysis) with monitoring of anthropometry & bioelectrical impedance at weeks 0, 2, 4, 8 & 12). The primary outcome at week 12 (intervention vs. control on an intention‐to‐treat basis) is CC prevalence (Fearon, 2011 consensus definition (2)). Secondary outcomes are feasibility, relative efficacy according to baseline CC severity, impact on quality of life, physical activity level, overall survival & tolerance to treatment. The discriminatory & diagnostic validity of various nutritional assessments/screening tools (3) will also be evaluated. Conclusion: This RCT will add to the evidence‐base for multimodal intervention efficacy in advanced cancer & will examine the validity of currently available assessment methods in appropriately selecting patients most likely to respond to such interventions. References: 1. Muscaritoli et al. (2021), 2. Fearon et al. (2011), 3. van der Meij et al. (2021) Disclosure of Interest: E. S. Sullivan Grant / Research Support from: Postdoctoral Fellowship ‐ Irish Research Council Enterprise Partnership Scheme (Nualtra Ltd.), Other: Nualtra Ltd. are providing the oral nutritional supplement for use in this trial at no cost, and the novel ingredient (Amino L40©) is an Ajinomoto product. Nualtra Ltd. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Ajinomoto., C. Scannell: None declared, D. Power: None declared, A. Ryan: None declared
Nigerian women participating in an integrated microcredit and mhealth breastfeeding promotion intervention were more likely to adopt international breastfeeding recommendations$$$ Background and objectives: International breastfeeding recommendations are intended to reduce morbidity and mortality in infants living in resource‐limited settings. Only a small proportion of mothers in northern Nigeria follow the guidelines. This study tested if providing group breastfeeding counseling during routine microcredit meetings and sending cell phone breastfeeding messages would promote recommended breastfeeding practices in Bauchi state, Nigeria. Methods: We conducted a cluster‐randomized controlled trial within the context of women's microcredit. Several small groups of microcredit clients (with 5‐6 women) met together monthly with their credit officer, who conducted seven monthly breastfeeding learning sessions with them. Randomization occurred at the level of the monthly meeting groups. Text and voice messages were sent out weekly to a cell phone provided to each small group. Pregnant clients were recruited at baseline and interviewed again when their infants were >6 months. Logistic regression models adjusted for clustering were used to estimate the odds of performing behaviors in the intervention versus control group. Results: Among the women who completed the final survey (n=390), there were no significant differences in breastfeeding intentions at baseline. Post‐intervention, reported practices were:exclusive breastfeeding to six months (51% intervention, 34% control)$$$ initiation of breastfeeding within one hour of delivery (70% intervention, 47% control)$$$ and giving fluids other than milk during the first three days of life (14% intervention, 30% control). The odds of exclusive breastfeeding (OR 2.4, 95% CI 1.4, 4.0) and timely breastfeeding initiation (OR 2.6, 95% CI 1.6, 4.1) were increased while the odds of giving non‐breastmilk fluids in the first days of life (OR 0.4, 95% CI 0.2, 0.7) were decreased in the intervention versus control group. Conclusions: A face‐to‐face and mhealth breastfeeding promotion intervention provided in the context of microcredit increased the likelihood that women adopted recommended breastfeeding practices.
The proprems randomised trial investigating the effects of probiotics on late onset sepsis in very preterm infants$$$ Background: Late onset sepsis (LOS) frequently complicates prematurity, and is associated with increased morbidity and mortality. Exogenous probiotics may reduce mortality and necrotising enterocolitis (NEC) in preterm infants, with unclear effect on LOS. Method: A multi‐centred, double‐blinded, placebo‐controlled, randomised trial compared daily supplementation with a probiotic combination (Bifidobacterium infantis, Streptococcus thermophilus and Bifidobacterium lactis containing 1 × 109 total organisms) with placebo (maltodextrin) in very preterm infants, born before 32 completed weeks' gestation weighing under 1500 g. The primary outcome was the incidence of at least one episode of definite culture positive LOS. Results: Between October 2007 and November 2011, 1099 very preterm infants from 10 perinatal centres in Australia and New Zealand were randomised. Baseline rates of definite LOS (16.2%), severe NEC (4.4%) and mortality (5.1%) were low, with high breast milk feeding rates (96.9%). There was no significant effect of probiotics on definite LOS or all cause mortality, but severe NEC of modified Bell stage 2 or more was significantly reduced (2.0% versus 4.4%$$$ Relative Risk 0.46, 95% Confi‐ dence Intervals 0.23, 0.93, P = 0.03$$$ number needed to treat 43, 95% CI 23, 333). Conclusions: Supplementation with the probiotic combination B. infantis, S. thermophilus and B. lactis reduced severe NEC in very preterm infants, but not definite LOS or mortality. Although these probiotics appear safe, between 23 and 333 infants require probiotics to prevent one case of severe NEC. Probiotics may have greatest impact globally in resource‐poor settings with higher rates of NEC, mortality and LOS than in Australia and New Zealand.
Association of lifestyle factors and inflammation with sarcopenic obesity: data from the PREDIMED-Plus trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Sarcopenia is a progressive age‐related skeletal muscle disorder associated with increased likelihood of adverse outcomes. Muscle wasting is often accompanied by an increase in body fat, leading to 'sarcopenic obesity'. The aim of the present study was to analyse the association of lifestyle variables such as diet, dietary components, physical activity (PA), body composition, and inflammatory markers, with the risk of sarcopenic obesity. METHODS: A cross‐sectional analysis based on baseline data from the PREDIMED‐Plus study was performed. A total of 1535 participants (48% women) with overweight/obesity (body mass index: 32.5 ± 3.3 kg/m2 $$$ age: 65.2 ± 4.9 years old) and metabolic syndrome were categorized according to sex‐specific tertiles (T) of the sarcopenic index (SI) as assessed by dual‐energy X‐ray absorptiometry scanning. Anthropometrical measurements, biochemical markers, dietary intake, and PA information were collected. Linear regression analyses were carried out to evaluate the association between variables. RESULTS: Subjects in the first SI tertile were older, less physically active, showed higher frequency of abdominal obesity and diabetes, and consumed higher saturated fat and less vitamin C than subjects from the other two tertiles (all P < 0.05). Multiple adjusted linear regression models evidenced significant positive associations across tertiles of SI with adherence to the Mediterranean dietary score (P‐trend < 0.05), PA (P‐trend < 0.0001), and the 30 s chair stand test (P‐trend < 0.0001), whereas significant negative associations were found with an inadequate vitamin C consumption (P‐trend < 0.05), visceral fat and leucocyte count (all P‐trend < 0.0001), and some white cell subtypes (neutrophils and monocytes), neutrophil‐to‐lymphocyte ratio, and platelet count (all P‐trend < 0.05). When models were additionally adjusted by potential mediators (inflammatory markers, diabetes, and waist circumference), no relevant changes were observed, only dietary variables lost significance. CONCLUSIONS: Diet and PA are important regulatory mediators of systemic inflammation, which is directly involved in the sarcopenic process. A healthy dietary pattern combined with exercise is a promising strategy to limit age‐related sarcopenia.
Impact of 3-Monthly Vitamin D Supplementation Plus Exercise on Survival after Surgery for Osteoporotic Hip Fracture in Adult Patients over 50 Years: a Pragmatic Randomized, Partially Blinded, Controlled Trial$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine whether 3‐monthly supplementation of an oral vitamin D widely used in Spain (calcifediol) plus daily exercise could influence survival at one and four years after surgery for osteoporotic hip fracture. DESIGN: A pragmatic, randomized, partially single‐blind placebo‐controlled study. SETTING: Patients admitted to a tertiary university hospital for acute hip fracture. PARTICIPANTS: 675 healthy adult patients undergoing surgery for osteoporotic hip fracture were recruited from January 2004 to December 2007. INTERVENTION: Patients were randomized to receive either 3‐monthly oral doses of 3 mg calcifediol (Hidroferol Choque®) or placebo in the 12 months postsurgery. Patients who received calcifediol were also given an exercise programme. The placebo group received standard health recommendations only. MEASUREMENTS: The primary endpoint was survival at 1 year and at 4 year follow‐up. We also recorded new fractures, medical complications and anti‐osteoporotic treatment compliance. RESULTS: We included a total of 88 patients, aged 62 to 99 years. Mean age was 82 years and 88.6% were women. At 12 months, 10 (11.3%) patients had died, 9 of them, from the non‐intervention group. At 4 years after surgery, 20 (22.7%) had died, 3 (3.4%) from the intervention group and 17 (19.3%) from the non‐intervention group. At this time, survival curve analysis showed 93% survival in the intervention group and 62% in the non‐intervention group (p=0.001). At 12‐month follow up, there were 18 new fractures, 9 in each group. The non‐intervention group had more medical complications, with significant differences at visit 2 (p = 0.04) and 3 (p = 0.02) but not at visit 4 (p = 0.18). No significant differences between groups were found regarding treatment compliance. CONCLUSION: 3‐monthly, oral supplements of 3 mg calcifediol plus daily exercise improved survival at one‐year and four‐year follow up after surgery for an osteoporotic hip fracture.
Cerium nitrate-silver sulfadiazine cream in the treatment of burns: a prospective evaluation$$$ In a prospective, randomized study of patients with major burns, the efficacy of cerium nitrate‐silver sulfadiazine cream was compared with that of silver sulfadiazine cream alone. Sixty patients were studied, in two groups, with matching mean ages and mean burns sizes. Patients with associated injuries, smoke inhalation, or major medical illnesses were excluded from the study. The total number of deaths and the total number of deaths from sepsis were equal in both groups. The total number of patients whose quantitative burns wound biopsies indicated light (10(2) to 10(5) organisms/gm) or heavy (over 10(5) organisms/gm) colonization by microorganisms was not statistically different between the two groups. The distribution of bacterial isolates by organism was similar in both groups. In vitro sensitivity determinations indicated a comparable efficacy between the two agents. In this study no clear‐cut superiority of one topical agent over the other could be demonstrated.
Final results of a placebo-controlled randomised phase II study of topical vitamin K3 for treatment of cetuximab induced folliculitis$$$ Introduction: Cetuximab‐induced cutaneous folliculitis is a frequent adverse effect causing physical and psychosocial discomfort for the patient. Vitamin K3 (menadione) has preclinically shown to be a potential activator of the Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor (EGFR). Objectives: The study investigated the effect of vitamin K3 cream on cetuximabinduced folliculitis. Methods: From May 2010 to May 2012, 30 patients receiving biweekly cetuximab 500 mg/m2 plus chemotherapy for metastatic cancer were enrolled. Treatment with vitamin K3/placebo was administered for up to two months. In each patient two areas of minimum 10×10 cm was selected. Each area was applied with either placebo or vitamin K3 cream twice daily. Folliculitis was monitored by clinical photos and physician/patient assessment every second week. Ten pts had skin biopsies taken before and after one month of treatment from each area. Biopsies were stained for p27, EGFR and p‐EGFR. Results: Mean number of inflamed follicles was 4.9 vs. 5.1 (placebo/K3) at baseline (p=0.9), increasing to 11.1 vs. 14.1 (placebo/K3) at two weeks (p=0.5), and declining to 8.9 vs. 7.3 (placebo/K3) at 4 weeks (p=0.7). In fact, at any time point there was no significant difference between placebo and vitamin K3 areas within 18 fully evaluable pts. No subjective or severe difference in skin toxicity was reported. For skin biopsies, no difference in p27, EGFR or p‐EGFR expression was observed. Conclusions: We found no objective or subjective benefit and no histological difference after one month application of vitamin K3 cream. The results do not support topical vitamin K3 for cetuximab‐induced folliculitis.
Effect of sunflower seed oil emollient therapy on newborn infant survival in Uttar Pradesh, India: a community-based, cluster randomized, open-label controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Hospitalized preterm infants with compromised skin barrier function treated topically with sunflower seed oil (SSO) have shown reductions in sepsis and neonatal mortality rate (NMR). Mustard oil and products commonly used in high‐mortality settings may possibly harm skin barrier integrity and enhance risk of infection and mortality in newborn infants. We hypothesized that SSO therapy may reduce NMR in such settings. CONCLUSIONS: In this trial, we observed that promotion of SSO therapy universally for all newborn infants was not effective in reducing NMR. However, this result may not necessarily establish equivalence between SSO and mustard oil massage in light of our secondary findings. Mortality reduction in the subgroup of infants ≤1,500 g was consistent with previous hospital‐based efficacy studies, potentially extending the applicability of emollient therapy in very low‐birth‐weight (VLBW) infants along the facility‐community continuum. Further research is recommended to develop and evaluate therapeutic regimens and continuum of care delivery strategies for emollient therapy for newborn infants at highest risk of compromised skin barrier function. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ISRCTN Registry ISRCTN38965585 and Clinical Trials Registry‐India (CTRI/2014/12/005282) with WHO UTN # U1111‐1158‐4665. METHODS AND FINDINGS: This was a population‐based, cluster randomized, controlled trial in 276 clusters in rural Uttar Pradesh, India. All newborn infants identified through population‐based surveillance in the study clusters within 7 days of delivery were enrolled from November 2014 to October 2016. Exclusive, 3 times daily, gentle applications of 10 ml of SSO to newborn infants by families throughout the neonatal period were recommended in intervention clusters (n = 138 clusters)$$$ infants in comparison clusters (n = 138 clusters) received usual care, such as massage practice typically with mustard oil. Primary analysis was by intention‐to‐treat with NMR and post‐24‐hour NMR as the primary outcomes. Secondary analysis included per‐protocol analysis and subgroup analyses for NMR. Regression analysis was adjusted for caste, first‐visit weight, delivery attendant, gravidity, maternal age, maternal education, sex of the infant, and multiple births. We enrolled 13,478 (52.2% male, mean weight: 2,575.0 grams ± standard deviation [SD] 521.0) and 13,109 (52.0% male, mean weight: 2,607.0 grams ± SD 509.0) newborn infants in the intervention and comparison clusters, respectively. We found no overall difference in NMR in the intervention versus the comparison clusters [adjusted odds ratio (aOR) 0.96, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.84 to 1.11, p = 0.61]. Acceptance of SSO in the intervention arm was high at 89.3%, but adherence to exclusive applications of SSO was 30.4%. Per‐protocol analysis showed a significant 58% (95% CI 42% to 69%, p < 0.01) reduction in mortality among infants in the intervention group who were treated exclusively with SSO as intended versus infants in the comparison group who received exclusive applications of mustard oil. A significant 52% (95% CI 12% to 74%, p = 0.02) reduction in NMR was observed in the subgroup of infants weighing ≤1,500 g (n = 589)$$$ there were no statistically significant differences in other prespecified subgroup comparisons by low birth weight (LBW), birthplace, and wealth. No severe adverse events (SAEs) were attributable to the intervention. The study was limited by inability to mask allocation to study workers or participants and by measurement of emollient use based on caregiver responses and not actual observation.
EVITA-a double-blind, vehicle-controlled, randomized phase II trial of vitamin K1 cream as prophylaxis for cetuximab-induced skin toxicity$$$ Background: Acne‐like skin rash is a frequently occurring adverse event associated with drugs against the epidermal growth factor receptor. This randomized vehicle‐controlled study investigated the addition of vitamin K1 cream to doxycycline in patients with metastatic colorectal cancer treated with cetuximab. Patients and methods: Patients receiving first‐line cetuximab + FOLFIRI were randomly assigned to prophylactic treatment with doxycylin and vitamin K1 cream or doxycycline and the vehicle. The primary end point of the study was the incidence of grade ≥ 2 skin rash (NCI CTCAE version 4.02) during 8 weeks of skin treatment. Secondary end points comprised skin rash according to a more thorough tripartite skin toxicity score (WoMo), quality of life, efficacy, and compliance. The study had 80% power to show a 20% reduction of the incidence of grade ≥ 2 skin rash. Results: A total of 126 patients were analyzed. The incidence of skin rash grade ≥ 2 was comparable between the arms. Likewise, no difference was seen in the WoMo score with respect to the percentage of skin affected. However, starting in week 5 and increasing over time patients treated with vitamin K1 cream had less severe rash and fewer fissures. Quality of life as well as efficacy and compliance with study medication and anticancer treatment was comparable in both arms. Conclusion: The primary end point of decreasing grade ≥ 2 skin rash was not met. However, using vitamin K1 cream as part of prophylactic treatment decreased the severity of acne‐like skin rash according to WoMo, an alternative and more thorough skin toxicity scoring tool.
Cigarette smoking during pregnancy in rural Nepal. Risk factors and effects of beta-carotene and vitamin A supplementation$$$ OBJECTIVE: We examined risk factors of smoking and the association between smoking and pregnancy‐related and 6‐month infant mortality in rural Nepal, where 30% women reported smoking during pregnancy. DESIGN: Cross‐sectional analysis of risk factors associated with smoking status and health consequences of smoking, using prospective data collected as part of a randomized community trial to examine the effect of maternal vitamin A or beta‐carotene supplementation on maternal mortality. SETTING: Rural, southeastern plains of Nepal. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: A total of 17 767 women contributed at least one pregnancy during 3.5 y of the study. Data on cigarette or bidi (rolled tobacco) smoking were collected using a 7‐day recall, twice during pregnancy. Associations between smoking status and maternal diet, morbidity profile, household socioeconomic status and serum concentration of retinol, carotenoids and tocopherols were examined. Further, relative risk (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) were calculated to estimate supplement effects on pregnancy‐related mortality, stratified by smoking status during pregnancy. RESULTS: Smokers were more likely to be older, illiterate and poor compared to nonsmokers. Fruit and vegetable consumption among smokers and nonsmokers did not vary. However, smokers were more likely to consume meat/fish/eggs and less likely to consume milk than nonsmokers. They were also more likely to report symptoms of vaginal bleeding, edema, severe headache and convulsions during pregnancy relative to nonsmokers. Mortality per 100,000 pregnancies appeared to be higher among smokers than nonsmokers in the placebo group (915 vs 584, RR=1.57, 95% CI: 0.80‐3.08). beta‐Carotene supplementation reduced pregnancy‐related mortality both among smokers (RR=0.31 95% CI: 0.11‐0.89) and nonsmokers (RR=0.41, 95% CI: 0.19‐0.89). Similar results obtained with vitamin A supplementation were not statistically significant. Infant mortality up to 6 months was approximately 30% higher among smokers compared to nonsmokers in the placebo group both before and after adjusting for confounding factors. Neither supplement given to women reduced infant mortality. CONCLUSIONS: Cigarette smoking during pregnancy is associated with an increased risk of maternal and infant mortality in rural Nepal. beta‐Carotene and to some extent vitamin A may reduce the risk of pregnancy‐related mortality, but not infant mortality, among both smokers and nonsmokers.
Fasting in labour and before CS$$$ Background: NPO (nil per os) guidelines prior to elective surgery, including caesarean section, are well established, (1,2), Table 1. However, whether (or not) to eat and drink during labour continues to provoke debate? Given the duration of labour, particularly for nulliparae, all women should be allowed to drink clear fluids during labour (3). This will also obviate the need for intravenous (IV) cannulation in low risk women? The issue of eating during labour is more contentious and therefore the risks of eating during labour need to be clearly evaluated. Historically women were encouraged to eat light digestible food during labour (4). This changed after Mendelson published, in 1946, his paper on the risks associated with acid pulmonary aspiration in obstetrics (5). Today the incidence of pulmonary aspiration in obstetrics, and in particular at the time of induction of anaesthesia for emergency surgery during labour is vanishingly rare. This is illustrated in Fig 1 which shows the deaths rate from aspiration in the UK since the introduction of the Confidential Enquires into Maternal Deaths in the (6). Gastro‐intestinal physiology during pregnancy. Gastroesophageal reflux, resulting in heartburn, is a common complication of late pregnancy. Pregnancy compromises the integrity of the lower esophageal sphincter. A pregnant woman at term, requiring anaesthesia, should therefore be regarded as having an incompetent lower esophageal sphincter. These physiological changes return to their pre‐pregnant level by 48 hours after delivery (7). The rate of gastric emptying of both liquid and solid material is not significantly altered by pregnancy. In addition, it has also been demonstrated that, following an overnight fast, the emptying of 300ml water is not delayed in both obese and or non‐obese parturients (8). During labour parenteral opioids significantly delay gastric emptying, as do bolus doses of epidural and intrathecal opioids. Continuous epidural infusion of low‐dose local anaesthetic with fentanyl does not appear to delay gastric emptying until the total dose of fentanyl exceeds 100mcg. Gastric emptying is normal by 18 hours post‐partum (9). Pre‐operative fasting prior to elective caesarean section. The purpose of fasting is to ensure a relatively empty stomach whilst at the same time minimising thirst and dehydration. Pre‐operative fasting guidelines have been liberalised, for both pregnant and non‐pregnant patients, in recent years. A Cochrane review compared peri‐operative complications in groups who either had shortened or traditional pre‐operative fasting regimens and noted that the volume or pH of gastric contents at the time of intubation did not differ significantly between the groups (10). In addition patients with pre‐operative water intake had a smaller gastric volume of higher pH. Gastric emptying in parturients at term is not delayed and therefore pre‐operative fasting times prior to elective caesarean section should be the same as for non‐obstetric surgery, (Table 1). Pharmalogical prophylaxis. There is no direct evidence to link the reduction in the incidence of pulmonary aspiration in obstetrics to the use of antacids, H2‐receptor antagonists or to proton pump inhibitors. Deaths from aspiration in obstetrics were already declining at the time of their introduction as a result of the more widespread use of regional anaesthesia. However logic would support the concept that increasing gastric pH and decreasing gastric volume should help prevent aspiration or at least mitigate against an adverse outcome. A meta‐analysis comparing the ability of proton pump inhibitors and H2 receptor to achieve therapeutic targets suggests that pre‐medication with ranitidine is more effective than proton pump inhibitors in reducing the volume of gastric secretions (by an average of 0.22 ml/kg$$$ 95% confidence interval 0.04‐0.41) and increasing gastric pH (by an average of 0.85 pH units$$$ 95% confidence interval ‐1.14 to ‐0.28) (11). Suitable pre‐operative antacid regimens for both elective and emergency surgery are shown in Table 2. Approximately 66% of all caesarean sections (CS) are performed as an emergency. Therefore women who are at risk of requiring an emergency CS during labour should given oral ranitidine 150mg at regular intervals (6‐8 hourly) during labour. If the mother has not received oral ranitidine during labour intravenous (IV) ranitidine 50mg should be administered prior to surgery. If the surgery mandates a general anaesthetic 30ml of oral 0.3M sodium citrate should be administered shortly before induction of anaesthesia. This strategy will ensure that gastric pH is high at both intubation and extubation. Further strategies for preventing pulmonary aspiration during obstetric surgery. The ultimate aim is that aspiration syndromes should never occur. It is important therefore to identify risk and in obstetrics the risk of aspiration is greatest when emergency surgery is performed under general anesthesia during labour. Therefore the single most effective strategy for the prevention of pulmonary aspiration is the avoidance of general anaesthesia. The ethos that regional anaesthesia is the optimal form of anaesthesia for parturients, with obvious exceptions, should be paramount on all delivery units. The role of NPO policies in labour in the 21st Century. The proponents of natural childbirth have long argued that denying women food during labour can cause an adverse obstetric outcome. This issue has been adressed in a randomised controlled trial in 2443 low risk nulliparae in labour who were assigned to an 'eating' or a 'water only' group. The study demonstrated that eating during labour did not improve obstetric outcome, i.e. the rate of spontaneous vaginal delivery was not increased, the duration of labour was not shorter and fetal outcomes (APGAR scores and NICU admissions) were not altered. Equally this study did not show that eating in labour is safe as the study was underpowered to demonstrate safety (12). Current evidence suggests that the risk of aspiration is greatest if thewoman is critically ill, obese or has a difficult airway$$$ and such women should remain NPO (apart from water) during labour. The American Society of Anesthesiology (ASA) recommends that low risk women be allowed to consume moderate amounts of clear liquids during labour (3). Therefore women should be advised to alleviate thirst during labour by consuming ice chips and clear fluids (isotonic sports drinks, fruit juices, tea and coffee, etc). Women should be discouraged from eating solid food during labour as eating confers no benefit to obstetric outcome. Arguably however low risk women could be allowed to consume low residue foods (soups, yogurt, ice cream and etc) during labour, especially in view of the almost negligible incidence of deaths from aspiration. When deciding whether or not to allow women to eat during labour, the use of parenteral opioids, because of their profound delay on the rate of gastric emptying, must be considered. In addition, units who perform a significant volume of their emergency obstetric surgery under general anaesthesia should also probably not allow women to eat during labour. Maternal death from aspiration of regurgitated gastric content is now extremely rare, and its decline probably owes more to the widespread use of regional anaesthesia for operative obstetrics than to fasting policies. Thus, as there is no obstetric benefit to eating in labour, the decision to eat during labour becomes a risk/benefit analysis. For many women and their carers it is likely that this risk/benefit analysis will favour eating during labour? (Figure presented).
L-citrulline supplementation to reduce adverse pregnancy outcomes$$$ INTERVENTION: Lcitrulline powder Placebo CONDITION: $$$ Pregnancy and Childbirth Pregnancy and Childbirth PRIMARY OUTCOME: ‘The primary outcome is ‘adverse pregnancy outcome’ defined as a composite of fetal loss (spontaneous abortion or stillbirth), singleton live births born SGA or with LBW, or preterm birth (PTB). ‘Small for gestational age’ will be defined using the INTERGROWTH population reference’s 10th percentile. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Pregnant women aged 16 to 40 years, Gestation should be less than 24 weeks cornfirmed by ultrasound The pregnancy should be viable singleton pregnancy The woman should be a residents of the study area, willing to adhere to scheduled and unscheduledstudy visit procedures, and willing to deliver in a study clinic or hospital. SECONDARY OUTCOME: EFFICACY OUTCOME $$$ Peripheral arterial resistance and Systolic and diastolic blood pressure$$$ gestational hypertension $$$ Malaria infection during pregnancy detected by microscopy and PCR $$$ Placental malaria detected by microscopy, by molecular methods, or by histology (past and active infection) Individual components of the placental malaria composite $$$ Uncomplicated clinical malaria during pregnancy $$$ Severity of maternal malaria infection $$$ SARS‐CoV‐2 infection severity during pregnancy $$$ Maternal anaemia and haemoglobin concentration during pregnancy and delivery $$$ Individual components of the adverse pregnancy outcome composite, and sub‐composites including fetal loss (spontaneous abortions and stillbirth) and adverse livebirth (SGA‐LBW‐PTB composite) $$$ Fetal growth (estimated by validated ultrasound and maternal biomarkers2) $$$ Birthweight, gestational age, birthweight‐for‐gestational age $$$ Newborn anthropometric measures: head circumference, length, umbilical abdominal circumference, and mid‐upper arm circumference $$$ Congenital anaemia $$$ Congenital malaria infection $$$ Congenital SARS‐CoV‐2 infection $$$ Neonatal death Composite of fetal loss and neonatal mortality $$$ Neonatal sepsis $$$ Early childhood neurocognitive development LABORATORY OUTCOME $$$ Evidence of SARS‐CoV‐2 infection (antigen, PCR, and/or serology) and malaria or SARS‐CoV‐2 vertical transmission $$$ Nutritional and microbial composition of breast milk LABORATORY OUTCOME Concentrations of circulating mediators of host immune function, response, endothelial function, and nutrition in the newborn at birth and si Xweeks of life LABORATORY OUTCOMES $$$ concentration, asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA) concentration, L‐arginine/ADMA ratio, and $$$ symmetric dimethylarginine (SDMA concentration) and Markers of L‐arginine bioavailability and nitric oxide biogenesis including: plasma L‐arginine $$$ Markers of endothelial function, placental function and inflammation including plasma $$$ concentrations of Angiopoietin (Ang)‐1, Ang‐2, soluble Tyrosine kinase with immunoglobulin‐likLaboratoryand EGF‐like domains (sTIE)1, sTIE2, Vascular Endothelial Growth Factor (VEGF), soluble VEGFreceptor1, soluble Endoglin (sEng), Placental Growth Factor (PLGF), soluble Intercellular $$$ Adhesion Molecule (sICAM), soluble Tumour Necrosis Factor (sTNF) receptor 2 (sTNFR2), C5a, $$$ Chitinase‐3‐like protein 1 (CHI3L1), C‐reactive protein (CRP), Interleukin (IL)‐18 binding protein $$$ (IL‐18BP), IL‐6, Pregnancy‐associated Protein A (PAPP‐A), beta‐human chorionic gonadotropin $$$ (ß‐hCG)$$$ and urine concentrations of protein and complement SAFETY OUTCOMES $$$ Allergic reaction,anaphylaxis, hives/rash $$$ Maternal mortality $$$ Other SAEs and AEs $$$ Congenital abnormalities TOLERANCE OUTCOMES $$$ Vomiting study supplement $$$ Gastrointestinal complaints including nausea, dyspepsia, diarrhoea $$$ Other symptoms including dizziness, syncope, palpitations
Dairy foods and risk of stroke$$$ BACKGROUND: Consumption of milk and other dairy foods has been associated with reduced risk of stroke, although not all studies have shown this consistently. METHODS: We examined the association between dairy food intake and risk of stroke subtypes within the Alpha‐Tocopherol, Beta‐Carotene Cancer Prevention Study. Between 1985 and 1988, 26,556 Finnish male smokers aged 50‐69 years who had no history of stroke completed a food frequency questionnaire. We used Cox proportional hazards models to estimate relative risks (RRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs), adjusted for potential confounders. RESULTS: During a mean follow‐up of 13.6 years, 2702 cerebral infarctions, 383 intracerebral hemorrhages, and 196 subarachnoid hemorrhages were ascertained. We observed positive associations between whole milk intake and risk of intracerebral hemorrhage (RR = 1.41 for the highest vs. lowest quintile of intake$$$ 95% CI = 1.02‐1.96) and between yogurt intake and subarachnoid hemorrhage (RR = 1.83 for the highest vs. lowest quintile of intake$$$ 95% CI = 1.20‐2.80). Men in the highest quintile of cream intake had a moderate decreased risk of cerebral infarction (0.81$$$ 0.72‐0.92) and intracerebral hemorrhage (0.72$$$ 0.52‐1.00). There were no strong associations between intakes of total dairy, low‐fat milk, sour milk, cheese, ice cream, or butter and risk of any stroke subtype. CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest that intake of certain dairy foods may be associated with risk of stroke.
A crossover study of continuous intake of the different phosphorus bioavailability meal in healthy japanese$$$ Background: Dietary phosphorus (P) management based on its bioavailability is crucial to prevent and treat the risk of cardiovascular disease and mortality in both general population and chronic kidney disease (CKD) patients. Our previous study has demonstrated that P bioavailability in various independent foods as the relative value of sodium P supplement. However, it reminds unclear that P bioavailability in mixed meal. Thus, we conducted the short‐term dietary intervention study that ingested mixed meal consisting of different P bioavailability foods. Methods: We conducted an open‐label crossover study of 4 different test meals consumed for 5 days by 5 men and 5 women healthy young subjects, aged 20‐30 years old. We obtained multiple points of blood and 24 h urine samples at before and after each intervention. Each meal was designed to have the same amount of P (1,200 mg/d) and only a half of P (600 mg/d) sources varied as test foods: soybean and tofu, pork and ham, milk and process cheese, and sodium P supplement for low, medium, high, and control P bioavailability test food, respectively. Results: After continuous ingestion of high P bioavailability meal, fasting serum intact fibro blast growth factor 23 (iFGF23) levels increased, accompanied with decrease in serum 1,25‐dihydroxyvitamin D levels and urinary P excretion [Figure 1]. Additionally, serum P and iFGF23 levels were lower in low P bioavailability meal compared with other test meals throughout the day. These results indicate consuming higher P bioavailability food results higher increase of iFGF23 which reflect more severe P burden. Conclusions: Habitual ingestion of low P bioavailability food decreases P burden despite equivalent amount of P and may contribute to reduce the risk of disease and mortality in CKD patients.
Intravenous immunoglobulin transfusion in colostrum-deprived dairy calves$$$ Immunoglobulin transfusion is employed in the management of the failure of passive transfer (FPT). The aim of this study was to investigate the dose of immunoglobulin G (IgG) needed to reach a protective concentration (>10 g/L) in colostrum‐deprived dairy calves. Twenty‐eight Holstein Friesian newborn male calves were randomly assigned to either a control group (CG) or a treatment group (PG). Calves in the CG received 4 L of high quality colostrum within 12 h of birth. Calves in the PG received 62.7 ± 3.1 g of IgG IV in 2.6 ± 0.3 L of plasma within 6 h after birth. Serum immunoglobulin G (sIgG) and serum total protein (sTP) concentrations were assayed before and after (24 h, 72 h and 1 week after birth) plasma transfusion or colostrum ingestion. Serum (s) IgG and sTP concentrations increased in both groups throughout the period of observation. Mean sIgG and sTP concentrations after colostrum ingestion or plasma transfusion were higher in the CG than in the PG (P < 0.01). Nine treated calves developed diarrhoea during the study and four were humanely euthanased due to progressive clinical deterioration. None of the calves in the CG showed signs of disease or died during the study. The dose of IgG used in this trial effectively provided an adequate sIgG concentration in colostrum‐deprived calves (>10 g/L). Calves in the CG had significantly lower morbidity and mortality rates compared to those in the PG, suggesting that plasma transfusion alone is ineffective in providing complete protection against neonatal disease.
Improving growth rates in preweaning calves on dairy farms: a randomized controlled trial$$$ Previous research has identified key factors associated with improved average daily gain (ADG) in preweaning dairy calves and these factors have been combined to create a web app‐based calf health plan (www.nottingham.ac.uk/herdhealthtoolkit). A randomized controlled trial was conducted to determine the effect of implementing this evidence‐based calf health plan on both productivity and health outcomes for calves reared on British dairy farms. Sixty dairy farms were randomized by location (North, South, and Midlands) to either receive the plan at the beginning (INT) or after the end of the trial (CON) and recorded birth and weaning weights by weigh tape, and cases of morbidity and mortality. Calf records were returned for 3,593 calves from 45 farms (21 CON, 24 INT), with 1,760 calves from 43 farms having 2 weights recorded >40 d apart for ADG calculations, with 1,871 calves from 43 farms born >90 d before the end of the trial for morbidity and mortality calculations. Associations between both intervention group and the number of interventions in place with ADG were analyzed using linear regression models. Morbidity and mortality rates were analyzed using beta regression models. Mean ADG was 0.78 kg/d, ranging from 0.33 to 1.13 kg/d, with mean rates of 20.12% (0‐96.55%), 16.40% (0‐95.24%), and 4.28% (0‐18.75%) for diarrhea, pneumonia, and mortality. The INT farms were undertaking a greater number of interventions (9.9) by the end of the trial than CON farms (7.6). Mean farm ADG was higher for calves on INT farms than CON farms for both male beef (MB, +0.22 kg/d) and dairy heifer (DH, +0.03 kg/d) calves. The MB calves on INT farms had significantly increased mean ADG (0.12 kg/d, 95% confidence interval: 0.02‐0.22) compared with CON farms. No significant differences were observed between intervention groups for morbidity or mortality. Implementing one additional intervention from the plan, regardless of intervention group, was associated with improvements in mean ADG for DH calves of 0.01 kg/d (0.01, 0‐0.03) and MB calves of 0.02 kg/d (0.00‐0.04). Model predictions suggest that a farm with the highest number of interventions in place (15) compared with farms with the lowest number of interventions in place (4) would expect an improvement in growth rates from 0.65 to 0.81 kg/d for MB, from 0.73 to 0.88 kg/d for DH, a decrease in mortality rates from 10.9% to 2.8% in MB, and a decrease in diarrhea rates from 42.1% to 15.1% in DH. The calf health plan tested in this study represents a useful tool to aid veterinarians and farmers in the implementation of effective management interventions likely to improve the growth rates, health, and welfare of preweaning calves on dairy farms.
Effectiveness of the strain 919 bovine ephemeral fever virus vaccine in the face of a real-world outbreak: a field study in Israeli dairy herds$$$ Bovine ephemeral fever virus (BEFV) is a globally spread arthropod‐borne RNA virus that has significant economic impacts on the cattle industry. A live attenuated commercial BEF vaccine, based on the Australian BEFV strain 919, is widely used in Israel and other countries. A previous study has suggested the high effectiveness of this vaccine (ULTRAVAC BEF VACCINE™ from Zoetis®), but anecdotal reports of high BEF morbidity among vaccinated dairy herds in Israel casted doubt on these findings. To resolve this uncertainty, a randomized controlled field vaccine effectiveness study was conducted in Israel during a BEF outbreak which occurred in 2021. Eleven dairy herds were enrolled and monitored for BEF‐associated morbidity and rumination alteration patterns using electronic monitoring tags (HR Tags, SCR® Dairy, Netanya, Israel). Four of the herds were naturally infected with BEFV during the outbreak, resulting in a total of 120 vaccinated and 311 unvaccinated subjects that were included in the effectiveness study. A mixed‐effect Cox proportional hazard regression model was used to calculate the overall hazard ratio between vaccinated and unvaccinated cattle. This analysis demonstrated an average vaccine effectiveness of 60 % (95 % CI = 38 %–77 %) for preventing clinical disease. In addition, a non‐statistically significant trend (p = 0.1) towards protection from mortality was observed, with no observation of mortality among the vaccinated groups compared to 2.61 % mortality (7/311) among the unvaccinated subjects. One hundred and thirty vaccinated and unvaccinated calves from affected and non‐affected herds and with different status of morbidity were sampled and analysed by serum‐neutralization test. The highest titers of BEFV‐neutralizing antibodies were found in subjects that were both vaccinated and clinically affected, indicating a booster effect after vaccination. The results of the study provide evidence for the moderate effectiveness of the ULTRAVAC BEF VACCINE™ for the prevention of BEF.
Administration of GnRH at day 20 of AI and embryonic losses in synchronized crossbred buffalo$$$ Introduction: Following the application of different artificial insemination and synchronization protocols, the synchronized buffaloes had a higher incidence of early embryonic or fetal death, thus impairing reproductive performance. Therefore, there is a need to devise a synchronizing program that can improve conception, allow early pregnancy diagnosis, reduce early embryonic losses, and provide an early clue for pregnancy diagnosis and establishment. The present study aimed (1) to determine the effect of administration of different GnRH doses at day 20 of artificial insemination (AI) on the reproductive performance of buffaloes and (2) to observe the influence of synchronization protocol, parity, age, milk production, and body condition score (BCS) on early embryonic loss and progesterone (P4) levels in crossbred buffaloes. Methods: Crossbred buffaloes (n = 101) were synchronized using the GPGMH protocol. At day 20 of AI, the synchronized buffaloes were randomly divided into four groups and administrated GnRH doses (0, 100, 150, and 200 μg). The buffaloes were monitored for ovarian dynamics, P4 level, non‐return rate, embryonic/fetal losses, and pregnancy rates. The previously synchronized buffaloes were also classified for synchronization protocol (with or without GnRH), parity (nulli‐ or multiparous), milk production (high or low), BCS (low, medium, or good) or age (>3 or < 3 years) groups for observing the embryonic loss and P4 level variations. Results: The results indicated no difference (P > 0.05) in CL size, P4 level, pregnancy rate and embryo/fetal losses across the treatment groups at different observation periods. There was a high (P < 0.05) incidence of early embryonic mortality in aged, multiparous, low BCS and low milk‐producing buffaloes treated without GnRH. Conclusion: The data suggest that GnRH 200 μg at day 20 of AI improves embryo survival and pregnancy maintenance in crossbred buffaloes.
Prevention of peritoneal dialysis catheter infections in saudi peritoneal dialysis patients: the emergence of high-level mupirocin resistance$$$ PURPOSE: Exit‐site infection (ESI) and peritonitis remain the major causes of morbidity and mortality in peritoneal dialysis (PD) patients. This study compared the effectiveness of local mupirocin ointment and gentamicin cream in preventing both gram‐positive and gram‐negative bacterial infections in PD patients. METHODS: Patients from two centers (n = 203) were assigned to daily mupirocin ointment or gentamicin cream application. Infections were tracked prospectively by organisms and expressed as episodes per patient‐year for both ESI and peritonitis. RESULTS: The rate of gram‐positive ESI was 0.31/episode/patient‐year and 0.22 episodes/patient‐year (p<0.05), whereas the rate of gram‐negative ESI was 0.28 episode/patient‐year and 0.11 episode/patient‐year (p<0.01) in the mupirocin group and gentamicin group, respectively. Gram‐positive ESI occurred in 17.1% vs 10.2% of patients (p<0.05), whereas 20% of and 5.1% of patients (p<0.001) had gram‐negative ESI in the 2 groups respectively. S.aureus was cultured at exit‐site in the mupirocin group in 27.8% patients, 60% (16.7% of the total Gram‐positive isolates) of them being with high‐level mupirocin‐resistance. Pseudomonas aeruginosa was cultured in 21.8% of ESI in the mupirocin group, and in only 6.7% in the gentamicin group (p<0.01). Peritonitis rates were lower using gentamicin cream, 0.17 episode/patient‐year compared with mupirocin, 0.39 episode/patient‐year (p<0.01). With multivariate analysis, only gentamicin exit‐site use was a significant predictor for lower catheter infection rate. CONCLUSION: Prolonged use of mupirocin for ESI‐prophylaxis is associated with the emergence of mupirocin‐resistant S. aureus. Gentamicin cream is superior to mupirocin ointment in the prevention of PD catheter infections.
Does fortification of pasteurized donor human milk increase the incidence of necrotizing enterocolitis among preterm neonates? A randomized controlled trial$$$ Objective: To compare the effect of fortified pasteurized donor human milk (PDHM) versus unfortified PDHM on the incidence of necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) and immediate outcome among preterm neonates. Methods: This randomized controlled trial (RCT) conducted in a tertiary care teaching hospital, south India included 80 healthy preterm neonates randomized to two groups (Group A and B). Neonates in Group A and B were fed with fortified PDHM and unfortified PDHM, respectively. Neonates in both groups were managed uniformly as per standard NICU protocol. The primary outcome was the incidence of NEC and the secondary outcomes included severity of NEC, incidence of sepsis, mortality, duration of hospital stay, number of days to reach full enteral feeds and weight gain. Neonates were followed up for 28 days or discharge whichever was earlier. Results: The baseline maternal and neonatal characteristics in both groups were comparable. There was no increase in incidence of NEC in fortified PDHM group compared to unfortified PDHM group (2.5 versus 7.5%, p =.31). Severity of NEC, incidence of sepsis, mortality, duration of hospital stay, number of days to reach full enteral feeds and weight gain were also similar in both groups. Conclusions: Standard fortification of PDHM does not increase the incidence of NEC among preterm neonates.
Leucine promotes the growth of squabs by increasing crop milk protein synthesis through the TOR signaling pathway in the domestic pigeon (Columba livia)$$$ Leucine (Leu) plays a critical regulatory role in protein synthesis, however, the effects and molecular mechanisms of Leu on crop milk protein in the domestic pigeons (Columba livia) are still unknown. Therefore, the study aimed to investigate the effects of dietary Leu supplementation on crop milk protein synthesis and the growth performance of squabs and the possible underlying mechanism. A total of 240 pairs of breeding pigeons (1102.3 ± 9.5 g/pair) were randomly assigned to 1 of 5 treatments, including a positive control (PC) diet that had adequate crude protein (crude protein, CP = 18%$$$ Leu = 1.30%), a negative control (NC) diet that was low in CP (CP = 16%, Leu = 1.30%), and NC diets supplemented with Leu at 0.15%, 0.45%, or 1.05%. Compared with the NC diet, 0.15 to 0.45% Leu supplementation decreased BW loss and increased relative crop weight, crop thickness, and protein levels in the crop tissue and milk of breeding pigeons. However, dietary supplementation with 1.05% Leu inhibited ADFI in breeding pigeons. Dietary supplementation with 0.15 to 0.45% Leu decreased the mortality rate and increased the BW, eviscerated yield, and breast muscle yield of young squabs. The protein expression levels of the target of rapamycin (TOR), ribosomal protein S6 kinase 1 (S6K1), ribosomal protein S6 kinase (S6), eukaryotic initiation factor 4E binding protein 1 (4EBP1), and eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E (eIF4E) were upregulated in the crop tissue of breeding pigeons in PC, 0.15% and 0.45% Leu‐supplemented groups. Collectively, these results indicated that 0.15 to 0.45% Leu supplementation could decrease BW loss, increase milk protein synthesis in the crop of breeding pigeons, and enhance the survival rate and growth performance of young squabs through the TOR signaling pathway.
Effects of Rosemary (Rosmarinus Officinalis) Extract on Some Blood Parameters and Immune System of Markhoz Strain Newborn Kids$$$ Rosemary (Rosmarinus officinalis) extract has been shown to have several biological effects exhibiting anti‐inflammatory, antimicrobial and antioxidant activities [1]. This research aimed to evaluate the effects of different levels of rosemary extract (RE) on some blood parameters, immune system and prevention of mortality of Markhoz strain newborn kids. In this study 24 newborn kids were randomly assigned into 4 groups (control diet only with milk, control diet+ 16.6 ml RE/kg BW, control diet+ 33.3 ml RE/kg BW and control diet+ 66.6 ml RE/kg BW) of 6 animals each (3 males and 3 females), homogenous for birth date. Data were analyzed according to a completely randomized experimental design. At the end of the study (d42) blood samples were collected from all kids in each group. Results of data Analysis showed that some hematological parameters such as percentage of neutrophils, lymphocytes and haematocrit value (PCV) and also Red Blood Cells (RBC) numbers and haemoglobin (Hb) concentration were not significantly affected by treatments (P>0.05). In blood parameters related immune system as Immune globulins (more IgG) concentration significantly effects observed between control group and treatment including 33.3ml RE/kg BW (P<0.05). Experimental treatments had significantly effects on amounts of White Blood Cells (WBC) that increased in treatment including 33.3ml RE/kg BW (P<0.05). Results showed that the Rosemary extract could affect some blood parameters, Immunity and livability in treated Markhoz newborn kids.
SCAMP: standardised, concentrated, additional macronutrients, parenteral nutrition in very preterm infants: a phase IV randomised, controlled exploratory study of macronutrient intake, growth and other aspects of neonatal care$$$ BACKGROUND: Infants born <29 weeks gestation are at high risk of neurocognitive disability. Early postnatal growth failure, particularly head growth, is an important and potentially reversible risk factor for impaired neurodevelopmental outcome. Inadequate nutrition is a major factor in this postnatal growth failure, optimal protein and calorie (macronutrient) intakes are rarely achieved, especially in the first week. Infants <29 weeks are dependent on parenteral nutrition for the bulk of their nutrient needs for the first 2‐3 weeks of life to allow gut adaptation to milk digestion. The prescription, formulation and administration of neonatal parenteral nutrition is critical to achieving optimal protein and calorie intake but has received little scientific evaluation. Current neonatal parenteral nutrition regimens often rely on individualised prescription to manage the labile, unpredictable biochemical and metabolic control characteristic of the early neonatal period. Individualised prescription frequently fails to translate into optimal macronutrient delivery. We have previously shown that a standardised, concentrated neonatal parenteral nutrition regimen can optimise macronutrient intake. METHODS: We propose a single centre, randomised controlled exploratory trial of two standardised, concentrated neonatal parenteral nutrition regimens comparing a standard macronutrient content (maximum protein 2.8 g/kg/day$$$ lipid 2.8 g/kg/day, dextrose 10%) with a higher macronutrient content (maximum protein 3.8 g/kg/day$$$ lipid 3.8 g/kg/day, dextrose 12%) over the first 28 days of life. 150 infants 24‐28 completed weeks gestation and birthweight <1200 g will be recruited. The primary outcome will be head growth velocity in the first 28 days of life. Secondary outcomes will include a) auxological data between birth and 36 weeks corrected gestational age b) actual macronutrient intake in first 28 days c) biomarkers of biochemical and metabolic tolerance d) infection biomarkers and other intravascular line complications e) incidence of major complications of prematurity including mortality f) neurodevelopmental outcome at 2 years corrected gestational age. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Current controlled trials: ISRCTN76597892$$$ EudraCT Number: 2008‐008899‐14.
Effect of chocolate soybean drink on nutritional status, gamma interferon, vitamin D, and calcium in newly lung tuberculosis patients$$$ BACKGROUND: Tuberculosis (TB) is an infectious disease associated with malnutrition and high risk to morbidity and mortality, especially when it was not supplied with a balanced diet. This study aimed to assess the effect of chocolate soybean drink (CSD) on nutritional status, gamma interferon (IFN‐γ), Vitamin D, and calcium level in newly diagnosed pulmonary TB patients. AIM: This study aimed to assess the effect of chocolate soybean milk to nutritional status, interferon‐gamma level, Vitamin D level, and sputum conversion in lung TB patients. METHODS: Quasi‐experimental design pre‐and post‐test control was performed on 34 patients who were divided into two groups, each consisting of 17 people. The intervention group received 100 grams CSD per day and nutritional education, while the control group was only given nutritional education for 30 days. A 24‐h food recall was performed to record any nutritional intake in the past 24 h. The nutritional status was determined by anthropometric measurements. Laboratory examination was performed to analyze the IFN‐γ level, Vitamin D, and calcium level. RESULTS: Study showed a significant increasing in body weight (p = 0.000), BMI (p = 0.000), IFN‐γ levels (p = 0.001), and not significant on MUAC (p = 0.716). Vitamin D was increased in the intervention group and decreased in the control group. Calcium intake was higher in the intervention compared to the control group (456.6 vs. 151.3) and significantly different (p = 0.000), while sputum BTA conversion was found higher in the intervention group than in the control group and not significantly different between groups (47.1% vs. 17.6%). CONCLUSION: It was concluded that CSD could increase nutritional status (BMI), IFN‐γ, Vitamin D, and calcium level in patients with pulmonary TB.
Exercise and nutrition supplementation on hematological factors in community-dwelling japanese frail elderly women-RCT placebo trial$$$ Background: Frailty has been associated with disability, dependency, falls, and mortality, and its early prevention is very important. The purpose of the study was to investigate the effects of a 3 month intervention program on hematological factors in community‐dwelling Japanese frail elderly women. Methods: Comprehensive health surveys were conducted on 1,835 women over 75 years old. A total of 331 (18.0%) were defined as frail, presenting with 3 or more of the following criteria: weakness, slow walking speed, low physical activity, exhaustion and unintentional weight loss. Out of 331 frail women, 131 participated in the randomized controlled trial and were assigned randomly to one of four groups: milk fat globule membrane (MFGM) nutrition group (n=32), placebo (n=33), exercise+MFGM (n=33), and the exercise+placebo group (n=33). Exercise classes were held twice a week for one hour each, and the nutrition group ingested a 1g MFGM pill daily for 3 months. Analyzed blood components included BDNF, IGF‐1 to IGFBP‐3 ratio, β2microglobulin, and myostatin. Results: Significant interactions were observed in BDNF (P=0.041) and IGF1/ IGFBP3 (P=0.029) from pre to post‐intervention. Within group analyses showed BDNF significantly increased 11.4% (95% CI=2.0 to 20.8) in the exercise+MFGM group, and 12.4% (95%CI=4.3 to 20.6) in the exercise+placebo group, however significant differences were not seen in the MFGM or placebo groups. Percent change for β2microglobulin and myostatin were significant$$$ ‐14.2% (95%CI=‐17.9 to ‐10.4) and ‐17.4% (95%CI=‐23.0 to ‐11.8) in the exercise+MFGM group, respectively, and ‐12.4% (95%CI=‐16.8 to ‐8.0) and ‐7.9% (95%CI=‐ 15.7 to ‐0.2) in the MFGM group, respectively. IGF1/IGFBP3 significantly increased in the exercise+MFGM group by 9.3% (95%CI=1.8 to 16.8), but decreased in the placebo group by 10.9% (95%CI=18.3 to ‐3.4). Conclusions: Exercise and nutrition alone each had varying effects on hematological factors. The combination of exercise+MFGM may have overall benefits in improving factors such as BDNF, β2microglobulin, myostatin and IGF1/IGFBP3.
Robotic left internal mammary artery harvesting for single vessel minimally invasive coronary bypass: a randomized controlled trial$$$ Objective: The aim of this study is to compare the patency of left internal mammary artery (LIMA) robotically harvested to left anterior descendent (LAD) artery minimally invasive bypass with conventional LIMA to LAD off‐pump bypass. Method: From 2007 to 2010, 36 patients were randomized to either LIMA robotically harvested to LAD artery minimally invasive bypass or standard LIMA to LAD off‐pump bypass. Patients assigned to robotic group underwent robotic endoscopic harvesting of LIMA with the AESOP system followed by a small left thoracotomy in the 4th intercostal space for off‐pump LAD bypass. Patients assigned to standard group underwent full median sternotomy, open LIMA harvesting followed by off‐pump LAD bypass. Transit time flow measurement (Medi‐Stim Butterfl y Medtronic Inc., Minneapolis, MN) was used for intraoperative evaluation of LIMA to LAD patency. After a mean 24‐month follow‐up, Multislice Computed Tomography (Aquilion® ONE 320, Toshiba America Medical Systems, Inc., Tustin, CA) was used to evaluate LIMA to LAD midterm patency. Results: The mean LIMA harvesting time in robotic group was 50.8 ± 11.2 minutes versus 22.7 ± 3.4 minutes in conventional group. There was no significant difference in intraoperative LIMA to LAD flow between robotic and conventional groups (46.18 ± 20.73 mL/min versus 48.65 ± 24.15 mL/min, P = .84). There were no significant differences in incidence of wound infection (0 versus 2, P = .484) and reoperation for bleeding (0 versus 1, P = 1.00) between robotic and conventional groups respectively. In robotic group, Multislice CT revealed patent LIMA graft in 18 (100%) patients versus 17 (94.4%) patients in conventional group (P = 1.00). There was no mortality in the study group. Conclusions: Minimally invasive LAD bypass using LIMA graft robotically harvested was safe and feasible. Early and mid‐term LIMA patency was similar between both techniques.
The PPH butterfly: initial testing of a new device to facilitate bimanual uterine compression$$$ Objectives: Postpartum haemorrhage (PPH) remains a major cause of maternal mortality$$$ simple, low‐cost, non‐phamacological therapies are urgently needed. Bimanual uterine compression (BMC) is an effective procedure to treat atonic PPH, but is both painful and intrusive. The PPH Butterfly is a new device designed to make uterine compression much less invasive. This will expand access to PPH therapies and provide “surgical treatment” at an early stage in the PPH process. This study compared the uterine pressures generated by the device and by standard BMC in a mannequin model. The device was then tested in both healthy and bleeding postnatal women. Method: The study was conducted at Liverpool Women's Hospital in the UK. Participants (20 obstetricians with previous experience of BMC, and 22 midwives who had not done BMC before) were randomly allocated to conduct two forms of uterine compression for 5 minutes on the mannequin model: bimanually and using the PPH Butterfly. The mannequin (Noelle, Gaumard Ltd) was supplied with an “atonic uterus”, modified to allow BMC and to include a pressure sensor. This assessed the amount of intrauterine pressure produced by the participants' compression. After regulatory approvals, the device was tested in first healthy and then bleeding postpartum women. Results: Users found the PPH Butterfly device easy to use and acceptable. There was huge inter‐personal variation in the amount of pressure generated, but no significant difference between the two techniques or groups of users. With both methods, intrauterine pressures declined over the 5 minutes of use. Initial clinical findings from its use in health and bleeding postnatal women will be presented at the conference. Conclusions: The PPH Butterfly is simple to use on a mannequin model, even among obstetric care providers with little experience, and produces equivalent pressures to standard BMC. The technique is far less invasive than the standard bimanual technique. The Butterfly provides a new, simple and effective option for PPH management, and has the potential to revolutionise PPH care. Formal clinical evaluation will now tell whether it can fulfil its promise.
A comparison of oral and topical corticosteroids in patients with bullous pemphigoid$$$ BACKGROUND: Bullous pemphigoid is the most common autoimmune blistering skin disease of the elderly. Because elderly people have low tolerance for standard regimens of oral corticosteroids, we studied whether highly potent topical corticosteroids could decrease mortality while controlling disease. METHODS: A total of 341 patients with bullous pemphigoid were enrolled in a randomized, multicenter trial and stratified according to the severity of their disease (moderate or extensive). Patients were randomly assigned to receive either topical clobetasol propionate cream (40 g per day) or oral prednisone (0.5 mg per kilogram of body weight per day for those with moderate disease and 1 mg per kilogram per day for those with extensive disease). The primary end point was overall survival. RESULTS: Among the 188 patients with extensive bullous pemphigoid, topical corticosteroids were superior to oral prednisone (P=0.02). The one‐year survival rate was 76 percent in the topical‐corticosteroid group and 58 percent in the oral‐prednisone group. Disease was controlled at three weeks in 92 of the 93 patients in the topical‐corticosteroid group (99 percent) and 86 of the 95 patients in the oral‐prednisone group (91 percent, P=0.02). Severe complications occurred in 27 of the 93 patients in the topical‐corticosteroid group (29 percent) and in 51 of the 95 patients in the oral‐prednisone group (54 percent, P=0.006). Among the 153 patients with moderate bullous pemphigoid, there were no significant differences between the topical‐corticosteroid group and the oral‐prednisone group in terms of overall survival, the rate of control at three weeks, or the incidence of severe complications. CONCLUSIONS: Topical corticosteroid therapy is effective for both moderate and severe bullous pemphigoid and is superior to oral corticosteroid therapy for extensive disease.
Vitamin A and the nursing mother-infant DYAD: evidence for intervention$$$ From the evidence at hand, interventions to reduce vitamin A deficiency in the breastfeeding mother and baby are likely to confer several health benefits. These include reduced puerperal morbidity, night blindness, and mortality in the mother, and reduced morbidity and mortality in the baby beginning around 6 months of age. Additional evidence is still needed to increase our confidence in these inferences, and to clarify the best interventions for achieving these outcomes. Current evidence about the effects of improved vitamin A status on early infant morbidity or mortality is mixed. There is accumulating evidence against the hypothesis that maternal vitamin A supplementation during pregnancy will reduce mother‐to‐child HIV transmission. There is so far no evidence about whether improved infant vitamin A status can prevent mother‐to‐child HIV transmission. In sum, the probable benefits of improving the vitamin A status of the breastfeeding mother and her baby are substantial, but to achieve these benefits, more aggressive interventions will be needed.
Associations of dairy intake with incident prediabetes or diabetes in middle-aged adults vary by both dairy type and glycemic status$$$ Background: Inconsistent evidence describes the association between dietary intake of dairy and milk‐based products and type 2 diabetes (T2D) risk.Objective: Our objective was to assess associations between consumption of milk‐based products, incident prediabetes, and progression to T2D in the Framingham Heart Study Offspring Cohort.Methods: Total dairy and milk‐based product consumption was assessed by ≤4 food‐frequency questionnaires across a mean of 12 y of follow‐up in 2809 participants [mean ± SD age: 54.0 ± 9.7 y$$$ body mass index (in kg/m2): 27.1 ± 4.7$$$ 54% female]. Prediabetes was defined as the first occurrence of fasting plasma glucose ≥5.6 to <7.0 mmol/L (≥100 to <126 mg/dL), and T2D was defined as the first occurrence of fasting plasma glucose ≥7.0 mmol/L (≥126 mg/dL) or diabetes treatment. Proportional hazards models were used to estimate the risk of incident outcomes relative to dairy product intake in subsets of the cohort who were at risk of developing the outcomes. Spline regressions were used to examine potential nonlinear relations.Results: Of 1867 participants free of prediabetes at baseline, 902 (48%) developed prediabetes. Total, low‐fat, and high‐fat dairy consumptions were associated with a 39%, 32%, and 25% lower risk of incident prediabetes, respectively, in the highest compared with the lowest intakes (≥14 compared with <4 servings/wk). Total, low‐fat and skim milk, whole‐milk, and yogurt intakes were associated nonlinearly with incident prediabetes$$$ moderate intake was associated with the greatest relative risk reduction. Neither cheese nor cream and butter was associated with prediabetes. Of 925 participants with prediabetes at baseline, 196 (21%) developed T2D. Only high‐fat dairy and cheese showed evidence of dose‐response, inverse associations with incident T2D, with 70% and 63% lower risk, respectively, of incident T2D between the highest and lowest intake categories (≥14 compared with <1 serving/wk for high‐fat dairy, ≥4 compared with <1 serving/wk for cheese).Conclusion: Associations of dairy with incident prediabetes or diabetes varied both by dairy product and type and by baseline glycemic status in this middle‐aged US population. Baseline glycemic status may partially underlie prior equivocal evidence regarding the role of dairy intake in diabetes.
Placebo-controlled phase II study of vitamin K3 cream for the treatment of cetuximab-induced rash$$$ Purpose: Cetuximab inhibits the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), and papulopustular eruptions is a frequent side effect. Vitamin K3 (menadione) has preclinically shown to be a potential activator of the EGFR by phosphorylating the receptor (pEGFR). The present randomised study investigated the effect of a vitamin K3 cream on cetuximab‐induced rash. Materials and methods: Thirty patients were included in this double‐blinded placebo‐controlled trial. Patients receiving cetuximab 500 mg/m2 every second week plus chemotherapy for metastatic cancer were included. In each patient, vitamin K3 cream and placebo were applied twice daily on two separate areas of the skin of minimum 10 × 10 cm for up to 2 months. Papulopustular eruptions were evaluated clinically and monitored by clinical photos. Skin biopsies, from ten patients taken before and after 1 month of treatment from each treatment area, were stained for EGFR and pEGFR. Results: Application of vitamin K3 cream twice daily during treatment with cetuximab did not reduce the number of papulopustular eruptions, and this was independent of the use of systemic tetracycline. No significant changes in the staining of EGFR or pEGFR were observed in the skin of the vitamin K3‐treated area compared to the placebo area. Conclusion: The present data do not support any clinical or immunohistochemical benefit of using vitamin K3 cream for cetuximab��induced rash.
Topical vitamin K1 may not be effective in preventing acneiform rash during cetuximab treatment in patients with metastatic colorectal cancer$$$ Background: Several studies have described the efficacy of topical vitamin K1 cream in the prevention and treatment of acneiform rash during cetuximab treatment. Objectives: An interventional study with a historical control was conducted to investigate the efficacy of vitamin K1 cream for acneiform rash associated with cetuximab. Methods: For the historical control, data were collected from 40 patients with metastatic colorectal cancer who had participated in a previous clinical trial of cetuximab plus irinotecan. The experimental group consisted of 61 patients who were instructed to prophylactically apply topical vitamin K1 cream beginning on the first day of cetuximab treatment. The incidence, severity, and time to occurrence of acneiform rash were compared between groups. Results: The incidence of grade>=2 acneiform rash after 4 weeks of cetuximab treatmentwas 42.5% in the historical control group and 55.5% in the experimental group. The median time to grade >=2 rash in the experimental group was 4 weeks compared to 6 weeks in the historical control group (p = 0.340). By multivariate analysis, male gender was the only independent risk factor for grade 2 or worse acneiform rash (HR = 2.49$$$ 95% CI, 1.27‐4.88$$$ p = 0.007). Prophylactic application of topical vitamin K1 cream did not decrease the risk of acneiform rash (HR = 1.33$$$ 95% CI, 0.57‐3.10$$$ p = 0.507). Conclusions: The prophylactic application of topical vitamin K1 cream did not translate into clinically meaningful benefit in terms of reducing acneiform rash in patients with metastatic colorectal cancer treated with cetuximab.
Evaluation of EGFR inhibitor-mediated acneiform skin toxicity within the double-blind randomized EVITA trial: a thorough gender-specific analysis using the WoMo score$$$ Acne‐like skin reactions frequently occur in patients undergoing treatment with drugs inhibiting the epidermal growth factor receptor. Recently, the effects of vitamin K1 containing cream (Reconval K1) as prophylactic skin treatment in addition to doxycycline were explored in a double‐blind randomized phase II trial (EVITA) in patients with metastatic colorectal cancer receiving cetuximab. EVITA demonstrated a trend towards less severe skin rash in Reconval K1‐treated patients using the tripartite WoMo skin reaction grading score as a thorough tool for quantification of drug related skin reactions. This gender‐specific analysis of the EVITA trial evaluated the application of the WoMo score for assessment of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)‐related skin toxicities according to treatment arm and gender. To show the robustness of results parametric and non‐parametric statistical analyses were conducted. All three parts of the WoMo score independently demonstrated the superiority of the treatment arm (Reconval K1) regarding a significant reduction in acneiform skin reactions in women. Men did not benefit from Reconval K1 cream at any time point in none of the WoMo score analyses. The treatment effect in women was confirmed by the use of skin rash categories based on the final WoMo overall score and mixed effect longitudinal multiple linear regression analysis. The WoMo score represents a sensitive tool for studies exploiting treatments against EGFR mediated acne‐like skin rash. Part C of the WoMo score seems to be sufficient for quantification of drug related skin toxicities in further studies. Standard WoMo skin reaction score values for future studies are provided.
Prospective randomized double-blind study of efficacy of probiotic milk drink in reducing the incidence of antibiotic-associated diarrhoea and clostridium difficile Diarrhoea$$$ This prospective double‐blind randomized placebo‐controlled trial evaluated the effect of a probiotic fermented milk drink containing Lactobacillus casei Shirota on the incidence of antibiotic‐associated diarrhoea (AAD) and Clostridium difficile‐associated disease (CDAD) on renal unit inpatients. The probiotic drink or placebo was administered to 85 inpatients within 48 hours of commencing antibiotics. Incidence of AAD, CDAD and mortality was recorded. AAD occurred in 36.36% cases in the probiotic group and 34.15% in the placebo group. Two patients developed CDAD during the study period, both of whom were in the placebo group (p=0.15). Nausea was the most common side effect. The percentage of patients that died during the 12‐week follow‐up period was 13.6% and 12.2% in the probiotic and placebo groups respectively. Multivariate analysis showed that proton pump inhibitor use was associated with AAD, CDAD and death. There was no evidence of a reduction in the incidence of AAD or CDAD in renal inpatients administered probiotic within 48 hours of commencing antibiotics. The study was underpowered due to a reduction in the background rate of CDAD and under‐recruitment during the study period this may have resulted in small differences in AAD between groups not being identified.
Natural antioxidant ice-cream improves vascular function and exercise performance in healthy subjects$$$ Diet is a major lifestyle factor in primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular diseases. Epidemiological investigations revealed an inverse correlation between the intake of polyphenols‐containing foods and coronary artery disease mortality. Cocoa and nuts are polyphenol‐rich nutrients which elicits artery dilatation by reducing oxidative stress and increasing nitric oxide generation. We hypothesized that an antioxidant ice cream, product with a selected blend of cocoa, hazelnut and other ingredients from organic farming, could improve vascular function and exercise performance in healthy subjects via an oxidative stressmediated mechanism. Thus, we performed an interventional study in which we measured the acute effect of natural antioxidant ice cream, on oxidative stress and artery dilatation in a population of healthy subjects. 14 subjects (7 male,7 female), mean age 38 years, were randomly allocated to a treatment sequence with 100 mg of antioxidant ice cream or milk ice cream in a cross‐over, single‐blind design. Total polyphenol content (mg/100g) was significantly higher in antioxidant ice cream compared to milk ice cream (1817 vs 96). There was at least 1 week washout between the 2 phases of the study. Flow mediated dilatation (FMD), oxidative stress (assessed by measuring plasma hydroperoxides, analytic method d‐ROMs), exercise test (exercise double product: blood pressure x heart rate) were assessed at baseline, after a 24 hours abstinence from food rich in polyphenols, and 2 hours after ingestion of ice cream. Compared to baseline intake of antioxidant ice cream showed a decrease of the average values of oxidative stress by reducing plasma hydroperoxides (331±47 vs 281±38,p±≤0,01),while no effect was observed with milk ice cream (302±43 vs 308±50). Compared to baseline FMD increased significantly after intake of antioxidant ice cream (2,55±0.6 vs 6,3±1,3,p≤0,001) but not after milk ice cream intake (2,45±0,9 vs 2,34±0,5).The exercise test performed 2 h after intake of antioxidant ice cream showed compared to baseline a clear improvement of physical performance, characterized by a reduction of the double product on the peak effort for the same load reached (26.055±2646 vs 21.501±2351,p≤0.01) while no difference was observed with milk ice cream (26.055±2646 vs 25.264±2739). Our results suggest that short term administration of a natural antioxidant ice cream improves vascular function and physical activity with a mechanism involving its high content of polyphenols mediated by an oxidative stress mechanism. This may be a novel approach in prevention of cardiovascular disease.
Effect of human milk-based fortification in extremely preterm infants fed exclusively with breast milk: a randomised controlled trial$$$ Background: Mortality and severe morbidity remain high in extremely preterm infants. Human milk‐based nutrient fortifiers may prevent serious complications and death. We aimed to investigate whether supplementation with human milk‐based fortifier (HMBF), as compared to bovine milk‐based fortifier (BMBF), reduced the incidence of the composite outcome of necrotising enterocolitis (NEC), sepsis, and mortality in extremely preterm infants exclusively fed human milk. Methods: In this multicentre, randomised controlled trial at 24 neonatal units in Sweden, extremely preterm infants born between gestational week 22 + 0 and 27 + 6 fed exclusively human breast milk (mother's own and/or donor milk), were randomly assigned (1:1) to receive targeted fortification with either HMBF or BMBF. Randomisation was conducted before the enteral feeds reached 100 mL/kg/day, and was stratified by enrolment site, gestational age, singleton/twin, and sex. The allocation was concealed before inclusion, but after randomisation the study was not blinded for the clinical staff. For the NEC diagnosis, the study group was masked to an independent radiologist, and the final assessment of NEC and culture‐proven sepsis was done by a blinded consensus panel review. The primary outcome was the composite of NEC stage II–III, culture‐proven sepsis, and mortality from inclusion to discharge, no longer than postmenstrual week 44 + 0, in the intention‐to‐treat population (ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT03797157). Findings: Between February 21st, 2019, and May 21st, 2021, 229 neonates were randomly assigned (115 HMBF, 114 BMBF). After exclusion of one infant due to parents’ withdrawal of consent, 228 infants were included in the intention‐to‐treat analysis. Of the 115 infants assigned to HMBF, 41 (35.7%) fulfilled the criteria of either NEC, sepsis, or death, compared with 39 (34.5%) of 113 infants assigned to BMBF (OR 1.05, 95% CI 0.61–1.81, p = 0.86). Adverse events did not differ significantly between groups. Interpretation: Supplementation with HMBF, as compared with BMBF, did not reduce the incidence of the composite outcome of NEC, sepsis, or death. Our results do not support routine supplementation with HMBF as a nutritional strategy to prevent NEC, sepsis, or death in extremely preterm infants exclusively fed human milk. Funding: ALF grant, Prolacta Bioscience, Swedish Research Council, and Research Council for Southeast Sweden.
Evaluating the effectiveness of a single application of 7% iodine tincture umbilical dip as a prevention of infection of the external umbilical structures in dairy calves$$$ The objective of this randomized clinical trial was to evaluate the effectiveness of a single application of 7% iodine tincture‐based umbilical dip for preventing infection of the external umbilical structures in dairy calves. Five dairy farms in southern Ontario were visited twice weekly from September 2020 through June 2021. Female (n = 244) and male (n = 40) Holstein calves were randomly assigned at birth to receive either a 7% iodine tincture‐based umbilical dip (n = 140) or no treatment (n = 144). Calves in the 7% iodine tincture umbilical dip group had the product administered once by the producer shortly after birth. For each newborn calf, the experimental group, calving difficulty, volume and timing of colostrum administration, time of birth, calving pen cleanliness, and the dam ID were recorded. Calf body weight was recorded during the first visit after birth, and a blood sample was collected for measurement of serum IgG concentration. Calves were health scored twice weekly from enrollment until approximately 30 d of age for assessment of external umbilical infection, joint inflammation, respiratory disease, and diarrhea. The primary outcome of the study was external umbilical infection, which was defined as an enlarged umbilicus with pain, heat, or a malodorous discharge. Calves were also weighed at 30 and 60 d to determine average daily gain. Serum IgG concentration and birth weight did not differ significantly between groups. Twenty‐nine calves (20%) in the umbilical dip group developed an external umbilical infections, compared with 31 calves (22%) in the control group. A mixed logistic regression model, accounting for farm as a random effect, showed no effect of treatment on the incidence of an external umbilical infection. However, for every additional hour that calves received colostrum after birth, the odds of developing an external umbilical infection increased during the first month of life (odds ratio = 1.15$$$ 95% confidence interval: 1.04‐1.26). Additionally, treatment had no effect on respiratory disease, joint inflammation, diarrhea, average daily gain, or mortality, compared with the untreated control. These findings suggest that administering a single application of 7% iodine tincture dip to the umbilicus around the time of birth may not be effective for preventing external umbilical infections. Farm‐level management factors, including colostrum management, appear to have more influence on risk of this disease.
Evaluation of silver sulfadiazine 1%-cerium nitrate 2.2% cream efficacy and safety in moderate to severe burn patients: a single-blind randomized clinical trial$$$ Background: Burn injury is a major global health crisis. Topical antimicrobials such as silver sulfadiazine (SSD) are commonly used for superficial burn wounds. SSD has a broad‐spectrum antimicrobial activity and also anti‐inflammatory property, but also suffers from some limitations. Therefore, some studies suggest to add cerium nitrate (CN) to SSD, as an immunomodulatory and tanning agent with antitoxic properties, but its effect on patients’ mortality, length of hospital stay, and bacterial colonization is contraversial. Objectives: In this research, we evalu‐ated the efficacy and safety of SSD 1%+CN 2.2% cream in patients with moderate to severe burn. Material and Methods: Twenty‐two patients who fulfilled the inclusion criteria randomly were assigned to the intervention (n=7) or control (n=15) group and received SSD 1%+CN 2.2% or SSD cream 1% respectively, once daily until the complete re‐epithelization or prepration of the burned skin for grafting. Intesity of pain, re‐epithelialization time, required interventions, laboratory and clinical findings and final outcome were recorded. Results: There was no significant difference in re‐epithelialization time between the treatment and control groups (P>0.05). The same findings were reported about the required interventions and laboratory and clinical parameters. However, the final outcome and the pain score on third day were significantly better in the treatment group (P=0.017). On the other hand, all patients in the treatment group needed graft surgery. Conclusion: Use of SSD 1%+CN 2.2% cream did not significantly improve re‐epithelization time or infection occurrence and patients’ pain, but also increased graft surgery rate in comparison with SDD 1% cream in moderate to severe burns.
Progesterone vaginal gel for the reduction of recurrent preterm birth: primary results from a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial$$$ OBJECTIVE: Preterm birth is the leading cause of perinatal morbidity and mortality worldwide. Treatment of preterm labor with tocolysis has not been successful in improving infant outcome. The administration of progesterone and related compounds has been proposed as a strategy to prevent preterm birth. The objective of this trial was to determine whether prophylactic administration of vaginal progesterone reduces the risk of preterm birth in women with a history of spontaneous preterm birth. METHODS: This randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐ controlled, multinational trial enrolled and randomized 659 pregnant women with a history of spontaneous preterm birth. Between 18 + 0 and 22 + 6 weeks of gestation, patients were assigned randomly to once‐daily treatment with either progesterone vaginal gel or placebo until either delivery, 37 weeks' gestation or development of preterm rupture of membranes. The primary outcome was preterm birth at </= 32 weeks of gestation. The trial was analyzed using an intent‐to‐treat strategy. RESULTS: Baseline characteristics were similar in the two treatment groups. Progesterone did not decrease the frequency of preterm birth at </= 32 weeks. There was no difference between the groups with respect to the mean gestational age at delivery, infant morbidity or mortality or other maternal or neonatal outcome measures. Adverse events during the course of treatment were similar for the two groups. CONCLUSION: Prophylactic treatment with vaginal progesterone did not reduce the frequency of recurrent preterm birth (</= 32 weeks) in women with a history of spontaneous preterm birth. The effect of progesterone administration in patients at high risk for preterm delivery as determined by methods other than history alone (e.g. sonographic cervical length) requires further investigation.
PROSPECTIVE DOUBLE ARM PHASE 2 RANDOMIZED TRIAL FOR PATIENTS WITH MULTIPLE BRAIN METASTASIS AND/ OR LEPTOMENINGEAL CARCINOMATOSIS: COMPARISON OF WHOLE BRAIN RADIATION THERAPY (WBRT) ALONE AND WBRT PLUS SILIBININ$$$ BACKGROUND: Occurrence of brain metastases (BMs) is increasing given availability of Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) able to detect also small brain lesions, and most effective systemic therapy able to better control extra‐cranial disease. Estimated 20% of patients with cancer will develop BMs. In case of limited brain metastases, radiosurgery or hypofractionated radiosurgery is treatment of choice. A subgroup of patients characterized by extensive brain disease and/or leptomeningeal carcinomatosis can require whole brain radiotherapy (WBRT). Since the 1950s, WBRT has been the most treatment used for patients with multiple BMs, given its effectiveness in palliation, widespread availability, and ease to deliver. However, the median overall survival (OS) recorded is restricted to 3 months, on the average. A better understanding of molecular and cellular mechanisms underlying brain metastasis might be expected to lead of improvements in overall survival. Recent studies demonstrated that active signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 (STAT3) in reactive astrocytes correlates with reduced survival from diagnosis of intracranial metastases. Blocking STAT3 signaling in reactive astrocytes reduces experimental brain metastasis, even at advanced stages of colonization. Silibinin is a natural polyphenolic flavonoid isolated from seed extracts of herb milk thistle. It has been shown to impair STAT3 activation, and in preclinical studies, show an anticancer effects in vitro and in vivo. Based on this background, we designed a double arm phase 2 randomized trial evaluating the benefit of Silibinin associated to WBRT respect to WBRT alone. Primary endpoint is OS, secondary endpoints are toxicity in term of corticosteroid therapy use, brain failure (BF) and progression free survival (PFS). MATERIAL AND METHODS: Forty‐four patients will be enrolled in two years. Patients with histological or cytological confirmation of solid tumor malignancy, clinical indication for WBRT and Karnofsky performance status (KPS) ≥60 will be enrolled. In arm A experimental, WBRT is concomitant to Silibinin, in arm B control, WBRT alone will be administered. In both arms, total dose of radiotherapy is 30 Gy in 10 fractions. Quality of life and use of corticosteroids will be evaluated first, last day of RT, and during follow‐up. Outcome will be evaluated by MRI or CT at 2 months after RT, and every 3 months thereafter. RESULTS: From March 2023, 6 patients were enrolled, 2 patients in Arm A and 4 in arm B. Primary histology was breast cancer in 3 patients and non small cell lung cancer in 3. In arm A, 1 patients dismissed RT for worsening of general conditions related to rapid lung progression. CONCLUSION: WBRT with or without Silibinin was well tolerated, no acute toxicities or increase of corticosteroids were observed.
Growth of infants born to HIV-positive mothers fed a whey-adapted acidifed starter formula with prebiotics and nucleotides$$$ Objectives: The objectives of this study were to evaluate whether infants born to known HIV‐positive mothers, but who were not themselves infected with HIV and who were fed a chemically acidifed starter formula with prebiotics with or without nucleotides during their frst six months, displayed growth rates equal to uninfected infants fed a chemically acidifed starter formula without prebiotics or nucleotides. Design: The design was a multi‐centre, double‐blinded randomised controlled trial. Setting: The study was carried out in four academic hospitals, three in Johannesburg and one in Cape Town, South Africa. Subjects and intervention: The subjects were newborn infants born to consenting HIV‐positive women who had previously decided not to breast feed. The infants were randomised to receive one of three milk formulas. The intervention comprised chemically acidifed formula without prebiotics or nucleotides, with prebiotics only, or with prebiotics and nucleotides. Outcome measures: The outcome measures were the growth parameters through the first six months of life. Results: Of the 150 randomised infants, 50 did not complete the study and 16 (12.8% of those tested) were infected with HIV, leaving 84 infants available for analysis. All three formulas were tolerated well, with no differences in growth parameters seen with the addition of prebiotics and nucleotides. The growth rates of the study infants up to the age of six months were very good, showing an increase in Z‐scores from negative values at the time of enrolment in the first week after birth to around zero for length and > 0.5 for weight. Conclusions: The three chemically acidified formulas were tolerated well and resulted in good growth over the first six months of life. No benefits were seen with the addition of prebiotics or nucleotides. The growth rates were similar to those found in previous studies of ours on biologically acidified formulas. The chemical acidification of infant formulas appears to be a realistic alternative to biological acidifcation should an acidified formula be required. © SAJCN.
Effects of exercise and nutritional supplementation in community-dwelling frail elderly women in Japan: a randomized placebo controlled trial$$$ Introduction: Frailty is associated with falls, fractures, disability, morbidity and mortality, and is also a major cause of long term care in Japan. The purpose of this study was to determine the effects of exercise and nutritional supplementation on frailty reversal, physical function and blood components in community‐dwelling frail elderly women. Methods: The baseline survey was conducted on two cohorts in 2009 and 2010, where 1,835 people aged over 72 years participated (974 in 2009, and 861 in 2010). Among them, 331 people who had three of the five frailty criteria (muscle weakness, slow walking speed, low physical activity, exhaustion, and weight loss) were defined as frail. A total of 131 out of the 331 were included and randomized into four groups: milk fat globule membrane (MFGM) (n=32), placebo (n=33), exercise+MFGM (n=33), and exercise+placebo (n=33). The three month intervention period included exercise classes provided twice a week, one hour per session, and the nutritional supplementation, which consisted of 1g of MFGM or placebo to be taken daily. Frailty status reversal, physical function, muscle mass, and hematological factors were analyzed. Results: Significant group x time interactions were observed in walking speed (P=0.005), TUG (P<0.001), BDNF (P=0.041) and IGF1/IGFBP3 (P=0.012). Within group analyses showed significant improvements in B‐2microglobulin and myostatin in the MFGM group, IGF1/IGFBP3 in the exercise+MFGM group, and BDNF in the exercise group. However, no significant changes were observed in knee extension strength, step width, insulin, and hematocrit levels. Frailty reversal rate was significantly higher in the exercise+MFGM (57.6%) than in the MFGM (28.1%) or placebo (30.3%) groups at post‐intervention (chi2=8.827, P=0.032). The odds ratio of frailty reversal was three times greater in the exercise+MFGM group than the placebo group (OR=3.12, 95%CI=1.13‐8.60) after the 3‐month intervention. Conclusion: The combination of exercise and nutrition revealed more beneficial improvements in frailty reversal, physical function and hematological components, although improvements were seen in the exercise and nutrition only groups.
A randomized controlled trial of a cognitive behavioural patient education intervention versus a traditional information leaflet to address the cardiovascular aspects of rheumatoid disease$$$ Background: Rheumatoid arthritis (RA)‐specific European and national guidelines state that patients should have access to appropriate information about both the condition and its co‐morbidities. Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is responsible for 50% of the excess mortality for patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA), yet no information currently exists written specifically for people with RA. Generic resources are likely to be inadequate as their advice about exercise and weight control is not set in the context of the physical and psychosocial constraints associated with RA. We have previously designed a novel 8 week cognitive behavioural patient education intervention designed to effect behavioural change with regard to modifiable CVD risk factors in people with RA, informed by the Medical Research Councils' recommendations for designing and evaluating complex interventions. This study evaluates this new patient education resource. Methods: This was a non‐blinded randomized controlled trial with a delayed intervention arm. Participants were randomized 1:1 to receive the cognitive behavioural education intervention or a control information leaflet. The primary outcome measure was knowledge of CVD in RA, using a validated self‐completion questionnaire$$$ secondary measures were i) psychological measures relating to effecting behaviour changes, namely smoking cessation, increasing exercise, eating a low fat diet and losing weight$$$ ii) actual behaviour changes, namely smoking status, participation in physical activity and dietary modifications (quantity of fruit and vegetables consumed, type of milk used, use of salt or removing fat from meat)$$$ iii) clinical risk factors, namely body mass index, blood pressure and lipid profile. Data were collected at baseline, 2 and 6 months. Results: 110 participants consented (52 in intervention group$$$ 58 in control group). At 6 months, those in the intervention group had significantly$$$ higher knowledge scores (p<.001)$$$ improved behavioural intentions to increase exercise (p<.001), eat a low fat diet (p=.01) and lose weight (p=.06)$$$ lower mean diastolic blood pressure (DBP) by 3.7 mmHg, whereas the control groups' mean DBP increased by 0.8 mmHg. There was no difference between the groups on actual behaviours. Conclusions: Patient education has a significant role to play in CVD risk factor modification for patients with RA and the detailed development of this programme likely contributed to its successful results. It is disappointing that behaviours, as we measured them, did not change$$$ perhaps the measures we used were not sensitive enough. The challenge, as always, is how to translate behavioural intentions into action. Larger studies, powered specifically to look at behavioural changes are required.
Mobile phone text messaging plus motivational interviewing versus usual care: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial to evaluate effects on breastfeeding, child health, and survival outcomes, among women living with HIV (MTI-MI)$$$ Background: Many infants in low‐resourced settings at high risk of infectious disease morbidity and death are deprived of the immunological and nutritional benefits of breast milk, through an attenuated duration of breast milk exposure. South Africa has one of the lowest exclusive breastfeeding rates in Africa, with 8% of infants under 6 months of age. We assume that breastfeeding is sustained among women living with HIV receiving weekly text messages and motivational interviewing and that this contributes to improved infant health outcomes. Objectives: (1) To evaluate the effectiveness of a combined intervention of mobile phone text messaging and motivational interviewing in promoting (a) exclusive breastfeeding and (b) any form of breastfeeding, until 6 months of child age, compared to usual care, among mothers living with HIV. (2) To evaluate the effectiveness of a combined intervention on (a) reduction in all‐cause hospitalization and mortality rates and (b) improvements in infant linear growth, compared to usual care, among HIV‐exposed infants aged 0–6 months. Methods: We are conducting a clinical trial to determine whether text messaging plus motivational interviewing prolongs breastfeeding and improves infant health outcomes. We are recruiting 275 women living with HIV and their HIV‐exposed infants at birth and randomly assign study interventions for 6 months. Statistical methods: Breastfeeding rates are compared between the study groups using a standard proportion test and binomial regression. Survival endpoints are presented using Kaplan–Meier survival curves and compared between the study groups using the Cox proportional‐hazards regression model. The count endpoint is analysed using the Poisson random‐effects model and mean cumulative function. We use mixed linear regression models to assess the evolution of infant growth over time. The maximum likelihood method will be used to handle missing data. Discussion: The study findings may facilitate decision‐making on (1) whether implementation of the breastfeeding policy achieved the desired outcomes, (2) interventions needed to sustain breastfeeding, and (3) whether the interventions do have an impact on child health. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT05063240. Pan African Clinical Trial Registry PACTR202110870407786. Oct. 1, 2021.
What are the barriers to eradicating deaths in children from pneumonia and diarrhoea by 2025? A study of two private not-for-profit Hospitals in rural Uganda$$$ Introduction: Pneumonia and diarrhoea cause 24% of deaths in young children worldwide (WHO). Carrying on the efforts of Millennium Development Goal 4, the WHO's Global Action Plan for Pneumonia and Diarrhoea (GAPPD) aims to eliminate preventable childhood deaths from these diseases by 2025, by utilising a series of accessible and effective interventions. Purpose: We sought to a) quantify the uptake of these interventions and b) identify any reasons why these interventions are not fully employed at two rural hospitals in Uganda where these diseases cause 38% of childhood deaths. Materials and Methods: During a 2‐week period 30 children (age 2m‐12y) admitted with pneumonia or diarrhoea and their mothers were interviewed about: breastfeeding, immunisation, vitamin A supplementation, complementary feeding, sanitation, household air pollution, overcrowding and HIV prevention. Child health cards and hospital records confirmed vaccination and HIV statuses. Results: 76% of mothers exclusively breastfed for the first 6 months, 44% continued breastfeeding until 1 year, nobody received the rotavirus vaccination, 63% of children were otherwise up‐to‐date with immunisation schedules for their age, 46% received biannual vitamin A supplements, 3% of houses cooked with clean fuels, and 96% reported having handwashing facilities at home. The commonest reason for prematurely stopping breastfeeding was perceived insufficient milk supply. Reasons for low vaccination coverage included parental ignorance, low stock and forgetting repeat doses. This study also identified HIV stigma, poor handwashing and inadequate use of child health cards within both hospitals. Conclusion: In order to reduce child mortality further, efforts to implement interventions highlighted by the GAPPD should increase. This will be challenging within low‐resource rural settings, but can be partly achieved by better education with regards to vaccination, breastfeeding, nutrition, HIV and hygiene.
Decreased Levels of D-Dimer After Probiotic Supplementation in Patients Receiving ART$$$ Background: Despite efficient antiretroviral treatment (ART) HIV‐infected patients have increased morbidity and mortality compared to HIV seronegative individuals. Gut microbiota composition has potential impact on HIV pathogenesis and cardiovascular risk. Notably, markers of inflammation, coagulation and microbial translocation have been reported to predict all‐cause mortality. The aim of this study was to assess the efficacy of probiotic supplementation in HIV‐infected individuals. Methodology: Randomized, placebo‐controlled trial, completed study. Thirty HIV‐infected patients on ART (median age 50.3y, 22 men, 22 Caucasians) were included. Inclusion criteria were: HIV‐RNA < 50 copies/ml, CD4 count < 500 cells/μl, no antibiotics or probiotics prescribed for the last 2 months, and no episodes of inflammatory bowel disease, immunomodulating therapy or infectious diarrhea for the last 6 months. Participants were randomized in a double blind fashion to the following study arms: i) probiotics (n=14), ii) placebo (n=8), and iii) controls (n=8). The probiotic consisted of 250 ml/ day fermented skimmed milk supplemented with Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG (10 8 cfu/ml), Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis B12 (10 8 cfu/ml), and Lactobacillus acidophilus La‐5 (107 cfu/ml). Heat‐treated fermented skimmed milk served as placebo. The intervention period was 8 weeks. LPS was analyzed by Limulus Amebocyte Lysate colorimetric assay (LAL) (Lonza, USA), soluble (s) CD14 and IL‐6 by ELISA (R&D Systems) and D‐dimer was measured by Asserachrom kits (Diagnostica Stago, Asnière, France). Non‐parametric statistics were applied. Results: Twenty‐five completed the trial leaving 12 patients in the probiotic group, 7 placebo and 6 controls. No serious adverse events were recorded. In patients receiving probiotics, there was a 33% reduction from baseline to 8 weeks in the levels of the coagulation marker D‐dimer, from a median of 320.3 ng/mL (239.8‐474.7 IQR) to 214.2 ng/mL (142.0‐392.6 IQR) (p=0.03, Wilcoxon). IL‐6 levels decreased 13.8% from median 1.23 pg/mL (0.94‐2.46 IQR) to 1.06 pg/mL (0.93‐1.39 IQR) in the probiotic group (p=0.06, Wilcoxon). No changes were found in the placebo group or controls. CD4 counts, plasma LPS or soluble CD14 did not change significantly in any of the study arms. Conclusions: Probiotic supplement significantly reduced D‐dimer levels and possibly also levels of IL‐6, both markers related to HIV‐associated inflammation and cardiovascular disease. This reduction was apparently not related to changes in markers of microbial translocation. Additional studies to further elucidate mechanisms by which probiotics can influence upon gut microbiota, coagulation and inflammation are warranted.
Effect of early administration of vitamin d on clinical outcome in critically ill sepsis patients: randomized placebo-controlled trial$$$ Background: Administration of vitamin D to unselected heterogeneous critically ill patients did not demonstrate outcome benefit. The current study was undertaken to identify if early administration of vitamin D can reduce intensive care unit (ICU) length of stay and improve clinical outcomes in critically ill patients with sepsis. Methods: This single‐center randomized double‐blind placebo‐controlled trial was done in the ICU and emergency inpatient ward of a tertiary care teaching institute in New Delhi, India. A total of 126 adult patients aged 18 to 80 years of either sex diagnosed to have sepsis were included within 24 hours of admission to the hospital and randomized into vitamin D or placebo groups. The patients in the intervention group received vitamin D3 540,000 units dissolved in 45 mL of milk. The placebo group received 45 mL of milk. Results: The median length of ICU stay (8 vs 9 days$$$ p = 0.32), median length of hospital stay (12 vs 12 days$$$ p = 0.33), median duration of vasopressors requirement (4 vs 3 days$$$ p = 0.84), median duration of mechanical ventilation (5 vs 7 days$$$ p = 0.23), requirement of tracheostomy (34 vs 39%$$$ p = 0.71), and 90‐day mortality [35 vs 46%$$$ p = 0.29$$$ HR 0.72 (0.42–1.24)] were similar in vitamin D and placebo arm. A subgroup analysis in patients with severe vitamin D deficiency (vitamin D <12 ng/mL) revealed a significantly decreased incidence of tracheostomy (28 vs 57%$$$ p = 0.04), a trend toward decreased 90‐day mortality [34 vs 66%$$$ p = 0.08$$$ HR 0.44 (0.19–1.01)], and duration of mechanical ventilation (6 vs 11 days$$$ p = 0.05) in patients receiving vitamin D. Conclusion: Administration of large‐dose vitamin D within 24 hours of admission does not reduce the length of ICU stay in critically ill sepsis patients.
Breastfeeding peer counselling for mothers of preterm neonates: protocol of a stepped-wedge cluster randomised controlled trial$$$ Introduction Among preterm infants, mother's own milk feeding reduces neonatal morbidity and decreases the length of hospital stay. However, breastfeeding rates and duration are lower than among term infants. It is reported that peer counselling is effective in increasing breast feeding in term infants in low‐income and middle‐income countries, but results are mixed in high‐income countries. We aim to investigate herein whether peer counselling may be a feasible and effective breastfeeding support among preterm infants in French‐speaking high‐income countries. Methods and analysis Eight European centres will participate in this stepped‐wedge cluster randomised controlled trial. We plan to include 2400 hospitalised neonates born before 35 gestational weeks. Each centre will begin with an observational period. Every 3 months, a randomised cluster (centre) will begin the interventional period with peer counsellors until the end of the study. The counsellors will be trained and supervised by the trained nurses. They will have a weekly contact with participating mothers, with a face‐to‐face meeting at least once every fortnight. During these meetings, peer counsellors will listen to mothers' concerns, share experiences and help the mother with their own knowledge of breast feeding. The main outcome is breastfeeding rate at 2 months corrected age. Secondary outcomes are breastfeeding rates at hospital discharge and at 6 months, breastfeeding duration and severe neonatal morbidity and mortality. The mental health of the mother, mother‐infant bonding and infant behaviour will be assessed using self‐report questionnaires. A neurodevelopmental follow‐up, a cost‐effectiveness analysis and a cost‐consequence at 2 years corrected age will be performed among infants in a French subgroup. Ethics and dissemination French, Belgian and Swiss ethics committees gave their agreement. Publications in peer‐reviewed journals are planned on breast feeding, mental health and economic outcomes. Trial registration number NCT03156946.
Design bias and clinically important treatment effects in randomized trials of critical illness$$$ Background: Negative studies, in which the primary end point is not statistically significant, are common in randomized controlled trials within critical care. Lack of statistical significance may reflect ineffective treatment effect or may be a byproduct of trial design. This study is a ten‐year analysis of multicenter critical care randomized control trials published in‐high impact journals to evaluate whether trial design results in bias towards the null or masks any clinically important treatment effects. Methods: Multicenter randomized clinical trials of critically ill adults published in five high‐impact journals between January 1, 2008 and December 31 2018 were eligible for inclusion. Data were extracted in duplicate by physicians blinded to each other's data entry, and differing entries were reconciled by a third blinded reviewer. Data were evaluated for misestimation of control group mortality, adaptive sample size strategies, optimism bias for predicted treatment effect, and results relative to a pre‐specified minimal clinically important difference (5% absolute risk reduction in mortality). The primary outcome of this analysis is mortality risk difference at the study‐specific follow‐up interval. Results: Of the 337 trials screened, eighty‐two multicenter superiority trials with mortality as the primary endpoint were included in the analysis. Ten trials (12.2%) met significance for the primary endpoint of mortality with five ascribing increased mortality to the intervention. A majority of trials (77.5%) overestimated mortality of the control group in power calculations (observed minus predictive risk difference: ‐6.2 +/‐ 8.6%$$$ p<0.01). The median absolute risk reduction was 6.1%. An absolute risk reduction >10% was observed in only one trial with statistically significant treatment benefit despite the fact that 38.2% of trials were powered for this effect. A majority of trials (62.2%) were unable to exclude clinically significant treatment benefit or harm. Conclusions: Most multicenter randomized control trials in critical care bias towards the null by overestimating control group mortality and powering for overly optimistic, unrealistic treatment effects. Clinically important treatment effects often cannot be excluded. FIGURE CAPTION: Butterfly plot of predicted and observed mortality risk difference in 82 multicenter trials of critical illness. Data are sorted by sample size within each study type. One trial (sample size 1,439 patients) contained insufficient information in its reported power and sample size determination to identify predicted risk difference. (Figure Presented) $$$.
Minimally invasive single-vessel coronary bypass: a randomized controlled trial$$$ Objective: There are several cohort studies and cases reports concerning minimally invasive coronary surgery, but just a few are randomized controlled trials. The aim of this trial is to compare minimally invasive LIMA to LAD coronary surgery (MICS) bypass with conventional LIMA to LAD coronary surgery (CCS) off‐pump bypass. Methods: From 2007 to 2010, 36 patients were randomized to either LIMA robotically harvested to LAD artery minimally invasive bypass or conventional LIMA to LAD off‐pump bypass. Patients assigned to MICS group underwent robotic endoscopic harvesting of LIMA with the AESOP system followed by a small left thoracotomy in the 4th intercostal space for off‐pump LAD bypass. Patients assigned to CCS group underwent full median sternotomy, open LIMA harvesting followed by off‐pump LAD bypass. Transit time flow measurement (Medi‐Stim Butterfly, Medtronic Inc., Minneapolis, MN USA) was used for intraoperative evaluation of LIMA to LAD patency. After a mean 24‐month follow‐up, Multislice Computed Tomography (Aquilion ONE 320, Toshiba America Medical Systems, Inc., Tustin, CA USA) was used to evaluate LIMA to LAD midterm patency. Results: The mean LIMA harvesting time in robotic group was 50.8 ± 11.2 min vs. 22.7 ± 3.4 min in conventional group. There was no significant difference in intraoperative LIMA to LAD flow between MICS and CCS groups (46.18 ± 20.73 mL/min vs. 48.65 ± 24.15 mL/min, p=0.84). There were no significant differences in incidence of wound infection (0 vs. 2, p=0.484) and reoperation for bleeding (0 vs. 1, p=1.00) between MICS and CCS groups respectively. In MICS group, Multislice CT revealed patent LIMA graft in 18 (100%) patients vs. 17 (94.4%) patients in CCS group (p=1.00). There was no mortality in the study group. Conclusions: Minimally invasive LAD bypass using LIMA graft robotically harvested was safe and feasible. Early and mid‐term LIMA patency was similar between both techniques.
Effect of low W-6/W-3 fatty acid ratio Paleolithic style diet in patients with acute coronary syndromes: a randomized, single blind, controlled trial$$$ Background: Epidemiological studies indicate that high w‐6 and low w‐3 fatty acids in the diet may have adverse effects on cardiovascular diseases (CVDs). However, a low w‐6/w‐3 ratio diet by increasing w‐3 and by decreasing w‐6 fatty acid in the Paleolithic style diet can cause significant decline in cardiovascular and all‐cause mortality. Subjects and Methods: A randomized, single blind, controlled trial was carried out on 406 patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS) diagnosed following WHO criteria. An experimental intervention group received Paleolithic style diet characterized by fruits, vegetables, whole grains, almonds and walnuts and the control group had their fat modified according to the National Cholesterol Education Program Step 1 (prudent) diet. Main outcome measures were compliance with experimental diets at one year and all‐cause mortality and its association with w‐6/w‐3 fatty acid ratio after a follow up of two years. These data have not been reported in earlier publications. Results: The experimental group received significantly greater amount of fruits, vegetables and whole grains, nuts and mustard oil and lower amount of refined bread, biscuits and sugar and butter and clarified butter compared to control diet group at one year of follow up. Total adherence score to Paleolithic style diet and prudent diet were significant in both the groups. Omega‐6/Omega‐3 fatty acid ratio of the diet which was much higher before entry to the study (32.5±3.3), was brought down to significantly lower content in the Paleolithic style diet group A (n = 204, compared to control group diet B (n = 202) at entry to the study (3.5± 0.76 vs. 24.0± 2.4 KJ/day, p<0.001). The fatty acid ratio remained significantly much lower in the experimental group compared to control group after one year of follow up (4.4±0.56 vs. 22.3±2.1,KJ/day, p<0.001). Total mortality was 14.7% in the Paleolithic style diet group and 25.2% in the control group, after a follow up of two years. The association w‐6/w‐3 ratio of fatty acids with mortality showed a gradient in both the groups independently, as well as among total number of deaths. A lower w‐6/w‐3 ratio of fatty acids from 1‐10 was associated with a significantly lower mortality whereas increase in w‐6/w‐3 fatty acid ratio to more than 10 was associated with an increasing trend in mortality$$$ 1.7% at ratio less than 5 and 19.9% at ratio 30. Conclusions: A Paleolithic style diet characterized with fruits, vegetables, nuts, whole grains and mustard oil with low w‐6/w‐3 fatty acids ratio <5, is more effective in causing significant decline in cardiovascular and all‐cause mortality compared to prudent diet in the secondary prevention of coronary artery disease. The association of mortality was consistent with increase in w‐6/w‐3 fatty acid ratio in the diets in both the groups and the trends were highly significant. © 2012 Nova Science Publishers, Inc.
Extended antiretroviral prophylaxis to reduce breast-milk HIV-1 transmission$$$ BACKGROUND: Effective strategies are urgently needed to reduce mother‐to‐child transmission of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV‐1) through breast‐feeding in resource‐limited settings. METHODS: Women with HIV‐1 infection who were breast‐feeding infants were enrolled in a randomized, phase 3 trial in Blantyre, Malawi. At birth, the infants were randomly assigned to one of three regimens: single‐dose nevirapine plus 1 week of zidovudine (control regimen) or the control regimen plus daily extended prophylaxis either with nevirapine (extended nevirapine) or with nevirapine plus zidovudine (extended dual prophylaxis) until the age of 14 weeks. Using Kaplan‐Meier analyses, we assessed the risk of HIV‐1 infection among infants who were HIV‐1‐negative on DNA polymerase‐chain‐reaction assay at birth. RESULTS: Among 3016 infants in the study, the control group had consistently higher rates of HIV‐1 infection from the age of 6 weeks through 18 months. At 9 months, the estimated rate of HIV‐1 infection (the primary end point) was 10.6% in the control group, as compared with 5.2% in the extended‐nevirapine group (P<0.001) and 6.4% in the extended‐dual‐prophylaxis group (P=0.002). There were no significant differences between the two extended‐prophylaxis groups. The frequency of breast‐feeding did not differ significantly among the study groups. Infants receiving extended dual prophylaxis had a significant increase in the number of adverse events (primarily neutropenia) that were deemed to be possibly related to a study drug. CONCLUSIONS: Extended prophylaxis with nevirapine or with nevirapine and zidovudine for the first 14 weeks of life significantly reduced postnatal HIV‐1 infection in 9‐month‐old infants. (ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT00115648.)
Randomized controlled safety and efficacy trial of 2 vitamin A supplementation schedules in Tanzanian infants$$$ BACKGROUND: Vitamin A supplementation reduces morbidity and mortality in children living in areas endemic for vitamin A deficiency. Routine vitamin A supplementation usually starts only at age 9 mo, but high rates of illness and mortality are seen in the first months of life. OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to evaluate the safety and efficacy of vitamin A supplementation at the same time as routine vaccination in infants aged 1‐3 mo. DESIGN: We recruited 780 newborn infants and their mothers to a randomized double‐blind controlled trial in Ifakara in southern Tanzania. In one group, mothers received 60,000 microg vitamin A palmitate shortly after delivery, and their infants received 7500 microg at the same time as vaccinations given at approximately 1, 2, and 3 mo of age. In the other group, mothers received a second 60,000‐microg dose when their infant was aged 1 mo, and their infants received 15,000 microg at the same time as the routine vaccinations. VAD was defined as a modified relative dose‐response test result of >or=0.060. RESULTS: High‐dose vitamin A supplementation was well tolerated. The relative risk of VAD at 6 mo in the high‐dose group compared with the lower dose group was 0.91 (95% CI: 0.76, 1.09$$$ P=0.32). Serum retinol and incidence of illness did not differ significantly between the 2 groups. Some vitamin A capsules degraded toward the end of the study. CONCLUSIONS: Doubling the doses of vitamin A to mothers and their young infants is safe but unlikely to reduce short‐term morbidity or to substantially enhance the biochemical vitamin A status of infants at age 6 mo. The stability of vitamin A capsules merits further investigation.
Effects of nutritional supplementation for HIV patients starting antiretroviral treatment: randomised controlled trial in Ethiopia$$$ OBJECTIVES: To determine the effects of lipid based nutritional supplements with either whey or soy protein in patients with HIV during the first three months of antiretroviral treatment (ART) and to explore effects of timing by comparing supplementation at the start of ART and after three months delay. DESIGN: Randomised controlled trial. SETTING: Three public ART facilities in Jimma, Oromia region, Ethiopia. PARTICIPANTS: Adults with HIV eligible for ART with body mass index (BMI) >16. INTERVENTION: Daily supplementation with 200 g (4600 kJ) of supplement containing whey or soy during either the first three or the subsequent three months of ART. OUTCOME MEASURES: Primary: lean body mass assessed with deuterium dilution, grip strength measured with dynamometers, and physical activity measured with accelerometer and heart rate monitors. Secondary: viral load and CD4 counts. Auxiliary: weight and CD3 and CD8 counts. RESULTS: Of 318 patients enrolled, 210 (66%) were women, mean age was 33 (SD 9), and mean BMI was 19.5 (SD 2.4). At three months, participants receiving the supplements containing whey or soy had increased their lean body mass by 0.85 kg (95% confidence interval 0.16 kg to 1.53 kg) and 0.97 kg (0.29 kg to 1.64 kg), respectively, more than controls. This was accompanied by an increased gain of grip strength of 0.68 kg (‐0.11 kg to 1.46 kg) for the whey supplement group and 0.93 kg (0.16 kg to 1.70 kg) for the soy supplement group. There were no effects on physical activity. Total weight gain increased by 2.05 kg (1.12 kg to 2.99 kg) and 2.06 kg (1.14 kg to 2.97 kg) for the whey and soy groups, respectively. In addition, in the whey supplement group overall CD3 counts improved by 150 cells/µL (24 to 275 cells/µL), of which 112 cells/µL (15 to 209 cells/µL) were CD8 and 25 cells/µL (‐2 to 53 cells/µL) were CD4. Effects of the soy containing supplement on immune recovery were not significant. The effects of the two supplements, however, were not significantly different in direct comparison. Exploratory analysis showed that relatively more lean body mass was gained by patients with undetectable viral load at three months. Patients receiving delayed supplementation had higher weight gain but lower gains in functional outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: Lipid based nutritional supplements improved gain of weight, lean body mass, and grip strength in patients with HIV starting ART. Supplements containing whey were associated with improved immune recovery. Trial registration Controlled‐trials.com ISRCTN32453477.
Effects of nutritional supplementation for HIV patients starting antiretroviral treatment: randomised controlled trial in Ethiopia$$$ OBJECTIVES: To determine the effects of lipid based nutritional supplements with either whey or soy protein in patients with HIV during the first three months of antiretroviral treatment (ART) and to explore effects of timing by comparing supplementation at the start of ART and after three months delay. DESIGN: Randomised controlled trial. SETTING: Three public ART facilities in Jimma, Oromia region, Ethiopia. PARTICIPANTS: Adults with HIV eligible for ART with body mass index (BMI) >16. INTERVENTION: Daily supplementation with 200 g (4600 kJ) of supplement containing whey or soy during either the first three or the subsequent three months of ART. OUTCOME MEASURES: Primary: lean body mass assessed with deuterium dilution, grip strength measured with dynamometers, and physical activity measured with accelerometer and heart rate monitors. Secondary: viral load and CD4 counts. Auxiliary: weight and CD3 and CD8 counts. RESULTS: Of 318 patients enrolled, 210 (66%) were women, mean age was 33 (SD 9), and mean BMI was 19.5 (SD 2.4). At three months, participants receiving the supplements containing whey or soy had increased their lean body mass by 0.85 kg (95% confidence interval 0.16 kg to 1.53 kg) and 0.97 kg (0.29 kg to 1.64 kg), respectively, more than controls. This was accompanied by an increased gain of grip strength of 0.68 kg (‐0.11 kg to 1.46 kg) for the whey supplement group and 0.93 kg (0.16 kg to 1.70 kg) for the soy supplement group. There were no effects on physical activity. Total weight gain increased by 2.05 kg (1.12 kg to 2.99 kg) and 2.06 kg (1.14 kg to 2.97 kg) for the whey and soy groups, respectively. In addition, in the whey supplement group overall CD3 counts improved by 150 cells/µL (24 to 275 cells/µL), of which 112 cells/µL (15 to 209 cells/µL) were CD8 and 25 cells/µL (‐2 to 53 cells/µL) were CD4. Effects of the soy containing supplement on immune recovery were not significant. The effects of the two supplements, however, were not significantly different in direct comparison. Exploratory analysis showed that relatively more lean body mass was gained by patients with undetectable viral load at three months. Patients receiving delayed supplementation had higher weight gain but lower gains in functional outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: Lipid based nutritional supplements improved gain of weight, lean body mass, and grip strength in patients with HIV starting ART. Supplements containing whey were associated with improved immune recovery. Trial registration Controlled‐trials.com ISRCTN32453477.
High-dose growth hormone does not affect proinflammatory cytokine (tumor necrosis factor-alpha, interleukin-6, and interferon-gamma) release from activated peripheral blood mononuclear cells or after minimal to moderate surgical stress$$$ High‐dose GH therapy, with GH doses 10‐20 times the normal replacement dose for GH‐deficient adults, has been used as an anti‐catabolic agent in a number of different patient groups. A recent study, however, has shown an increase in mortality in critically ill patients treated with high‐dose GH. The increased mortality was associated with multiorgan failure, septic shock, and uncontrolled infection, suggesting that GH may have altered the immune response. The GH receptor and GH are both expressed in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs)$$$ thus, GH could act as either an endocrine or an autocrine modulator of the immune response. We have examined the hypothesis that high‐dose GH therapy may induce proinflammatory cytokines, which are implicated in septic shock. To do this we measured cytokine production by PBMCs incubated in conditions that simulated high‐dose GH therapy, and we measured cytokine levels in patients undergoing laparoscopic cholecystectomy who were randomized to receive either high‐dose GH therapy (13 IU/m2 x day) or placebo. To confirm the biological activity of GH in our cell culture system we used a Stat5 functional assay. In this assay GH induced a bell‐shaped curve, with a maximal response at GH levels between 100‐1,000 ng/mL. PBMCs from healthy volunteers were incubated with GH in doses from 1‐1,000 ng/mL for 6‐72 h under resting conditions and after activation with endotoxin and the mixed lymphocyte reaction. Studies were repeated with PBMCs from six individuals using a GH dose of 100 ng/mL (the level of GH found after high‐dose GH therapy) and an endotoxin dose that gave a submaximal response (0.01 ng/mL). GH had no effect on cell proliferation or the production of tumor necrosis factor‐alpha (TNFalpha), interleukin‐6 (IL‐6), or interferon‐gamma (IFNgamma). In patients undergoing laparoscopic cholecystectomy there was a time‐related effect of surgery on cytokine levels. There was a rise in IL‐6 and a fall in TNFalpha at 24 h after surgery$$$ however, high‐dose GH therapy had no effect on the cytokine response. We considered the possibility that endogenous GH production by PBMCs could influence the cytokine response in activated PBMCs$$$ however, incubation of PBMCs in the presence of the GH receptor antagonist, B2036, had no effect on TNFalpha, IL‐6, or IFNgamma production by PBMCs in either the mixed lymphocyte reaction or when activated by endotoxin. These results suggest that high‐dose GH therapy does not alter the proinflammatory cytokine response to surgery or endotoxin. The results do not exclude an effect of GH on the immune response, but they suggest that the mortality seen in critically ill patients may be due to factors other than immune modulation.
Comprehensive genomic analysis of dietary habits in UK Biobank identifies hundreds of genetic associations$$$ Unhealthful dietary habits are leading risk factors for life‐altering diseases and mortality. Large‐scale biobanks now enable genetic analysis of traits with modest heritability, such as diet. We perform a genomewide association on 85 single food intake and 85 principal component‐derived dietary patterns from food frequency questionnaires in UK Biobank. We identify 814 associated loci, including olfactory receptor associations with fruit and tea intake$$$ 136 associations are only identified using dietary patterns. Mendelian randomization suggests our top healthful dietary pattern driven by wholemeal vs. white bread consumption is causally influenced by factors correlated with education but is not strongly causal for coronary artery disease or type 2 diabetes. Overall, we demonstrate the value in complementary phenotyping approaches to complex dietary datasets, and the utility of genomic analysis to understand the relationships between diet and human health.
Effects of low-fat or full-fat fermented and non-fermented dairy foods on selected cardiovascular biomarkers in overweight adults$$$ The association between consumption of full‐fat dairy foods and CVD may depend partly on the nature of products and may not apply to low‐fat dairy foods. Increased circulating levels of inflammatory biomarkers after consumption of dairy product‐rich meals suggest an association with CVD. In the present study, we tested the effects of low‐fat and full‐fat dairy diets on biomarkers associated with inflammation, oxidative stress or atherogenesis and on plasma lipid classes. Within full‐fat dairy diets, we also compared fermented v. non‐fermented products. In a randomised cross‐over study, twelve overweight/obese subjects consumed during two 3‐week periods two full‐fat dairy diets containing either yogurt plus cheese (fermented) or butter, cream and ice cream (non‐fermented) or a low‐fat milk plus yogurt diet, with the latter being consumed between and at the end of the full‐fat dairy dietary periods. The concentrations of six inflammatory and two atherogenic biomarkers known to be raised in CVD were measured as well as those of plasma F2‐isoprostanes and lipid classes. The concentrations of six of the eight biomarkers tended to be higher on consumption of the low‐fat dairy diet than on that of the fermented dairy diet and the concentrations of two plasmalogen lipid classes reported to be associated with increased oxidisability were also higher on consumption of the low‐fat dairy diet than on that of the fermented dairy diet (P< 0.001), although plasma F2‐isoprostane concentrations did not differ on consumption of any of the diets. On the other hand, the concentrations of plasma sphingomyelin and IL‐6 were significantly higher on consumption of the non‐fermented dairy diet than on that of the low‐fat dairy diet (P< 0.02). In conclusion, short‐term diets containing low‐fat dairy products did not lead to a more favourable biomarker profile associated with CVD risk compared with the full‐fat dairy products, suggesting that full‐fat fermented dairy products may be the more favourable.
Circulating inflammatory and atherogenic biomarkers are not increased following single meals of dairy foods$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Inflammation characterizes obesity and is nutritionally modifiable. The hypothesis of this study is that full‐fat dairy foods influence circulating inflammatory and atherogenic biomarkers according to fermentation status. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Thirteen overweight subjects participated in five test meals. Single breakfasts containing control low‐fat milk or 45 g fat from butter, cream, yoghurt or cheese were tested over 3 weeks. Plasmas obtained 3 and 6 h were later analyzed for inflammatory markers interleukin (IL)‐6, IL‐1β, tumor necrosis factor‐α and high‐sensitive C‐reactive protein, and atherogenesis‐related markers monocyte chemoattractant protein‐1, macrophage inflammatory protein‐1α, intercellular adhesion molecule‐1 and vascular cell adhesion molecule‐1. A 4‐week study in 12 subjects compared the effects on these biomarkers of diets containing ≈50 g dairy fat daily as either butter, cream and ice cream (non‐fermented) or cheese plus yoghurt (fermented) dairy foods. RESULTS: In single‐meal study, one outlier subject showed marked increments in biomarkers, hence the following results apply to 12. Within group analysis includes significant falls at 3 h in four inflammatory markers after cream, butter and low fat, and three atherogenesis‐related biomarkers after cream. Changes were few after cheese and yoghurt. By 6 h, most values returned to baseline. However, between group analysis showed no differences between the five meals. The 4‐week study showed no significant differences in fasting biomarker concentrations between non‐fermented and fermented dairy diets. CONCLUSIONS: Single high‐fat meals containing sequentially four different full‐fat dairy foods did not increase eight circulating biomarkers related to inflammation or atherogenesis. Among subjects, significant falls occurred at 3 h in inflammatory biomarkers after cream and butter but were not specific for full‐fat dairy foods. We could not confirm the reported increments in inflammation after fat meals.
Whey protein and essential amino acids promote the reduction of adipose tissue and increased muscle protein synthesis during caloric restriction-induced weight loss in elderly, obese individuals$$$ BACKGROUND: Excess adipose tissue and sarcopenia presents a multifaceted clinical challenge that promotes morbidity and mortality in the obese, elderly population. Unfortunately, the mortality risks of muscle loss may outweigh the potential benefits of weight loss in the elderly. We have previously demonstrated the effectiveness of whey protein and essential amino acids towards the preservation of lean tissue, even under the conditions of strict bedrest in the elderly. METHODS: In the context of caloric restriction‐based weight loss, we hypothesized that a similar formulation given as a meal replacement (EAAMR) would foster the retention of lean tissue through an increase in the skeletal muscle fractional synthesis rate (FSR). We also proposed that EAAMR would promote the preferential loss of adipose tissue through the increased energy cost of skeletal muscle FSR. We recruited and randomized 12 elderly individuals to an 8 week, caloric restriction diet utilizing equivalent caloric meal replacements (800 kcal/day): 1) EAAMR or a 2) competitive meal replacement (CMR) in conjunction with 400 kcal of solid food that totaled 1200 kcal/day designed to induce 7% weight loss. Combined with weekly measurements of total body weight and body composition, we also measured the acute change in the skeletal muscle FSR to EAAMR and CMR. RESULTS: By design, both groups lost 7% of total body weight. While EAAMR did not promote a significant preservation of lean tissue, the reduction in adipose tissue was greater in EAAMR compared to CMR. Interestingly, these results corresponded to an increase in the acute skeletal muscle protein FSR. CONCLUSION: The provision of EAAMR during caloric restriction‐induced weight loss promotes the preferential reduction of adipose tissue and the modest loss of lean tissue in the elderly population.
Probiotic Yogurt for the Prevention of Antibiotic-associated Diarrhea in Adults: a Randomized Double-blind Placebo-controlled Trial$$$ Goal:To evaluate the effect of yogurt supplemented with probiotic bacteria on the prevention of antibiotic‐associated diarrhea (AAD) in hospitalized patients.Background:Diarrhea following antibiotic administration is a frequent clinical problem. The usefulness of probiotics for the prevention of AAD in the hospitalized adult population remains unclear.Study:A randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled clinical trial was conducted in hospitalized patients who started antibiotic treatment. Patients were randomized (2:2:1) to receive a daily amount of 200 mL of placebo‐yogurt (Streptococcus thermophilus and Lactobacillus delbrueckii subsp. bulgaricus), 200 mL of probiotic yogurt (previous plus Lactobacillus acidophilus La‐5, Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis Bb‐12 and Lactobacillus casei subsp. casei Lc‐01 or no yogurt (unblinded control) within 48 hours of beginning the antibiotic therapy and up to 5 days after stopping the antibiotic. Patients were followed up with for 1 month to determine occurrence of diarrhea.Results:We included 314 patients, mean age 76 years. The rate of diarrhea was 23.0% in the probiotic group versus 17.6% in the placebo group, absolute risk reduction ‐5.35% (95% confidence interval, ‐15.4% to 4.7%$$$ P=0.30). Rate of diarrhea was similar in the unblinded external control and in the blinded study groups combined (20.9% vs. 20.2% respectively$$$ P=0.91). There was no difference in the duration of diarrhea, maximum number of bowel movements or prolonged admission because of diarrhea among the groups. All‐cause mortality did not differ between groups.Conclusions:The combined probiotic strains LA‐5, BB‐12, and LC‐01 do not have an effect in the prevention of AAD in hospitalized patients.
A double blind randomized trial of prophylactic topical application of Vitamin K1 cream for cetuximab-related skin toxicity: a self-controlled trial$$$ Introduction: The skin toxicity due to anti‐EGFR antibody is very common. Some reports have shown that Vitamin K1 (VK1) cream could reduce the skin toxicity. Objectives: We conducted a multi‐centre, self‐controlled, double‐blinded randomized trial to evaluate the efficacy of topical application of a prophylactic VK1 cream in cetuximab therapy. Methods: Patients were eligible if they were >20 years of age, had ECOG PS of 0‐2, unresectable metastatic colorectal cancer with a wildtype KRAS exon 2, no prior anti‐EGFR treatment. Each patient applied a VK1‐containing moisturizing cream to one side of face and a moisturizing cream alone to the other side. Cream application was continued until day 29, the occurrence of grade >2 skin toxicity or grade >3 adverse event. The primary endpoint was the incidence of grade >2 skin toxicity (CTCAE v4.0) within 4 weeks from initiation of cetuximab therapy. Secondary endpoints included the incidence of grade >2 skin toxicity (MASCC scale) and safety of the VK1 cream. Results: From December 2013 to March 2015, 33 patients were enrolled, out of which 28 were eligible for efficacy analysis. The compliance rate of cream application was 98.2%. There was no significant difference in the incidence of grade >2 skin toxicity on the face between the two arms (36% in each arms: p=1.00). Conclusions: Topical application of the VK1 cream could not reduce the incidence of grade >2 cetuximab‐related skin toxicity. We will report the details on the day.
Nutrient enrichment of human milk with human and bovine milk-based fortifiers for infants born weighing <1250 g: a randomized clinical trial$$$ Background: Human milk‐based fortifiers (HMBFs) are being adopted in neonatal care to enrich the nutrients in human milk for very low birth weight (VLBW) infants despite being costly and there being limited efficacy data. No randomized clinical trial has evaluated the use of HMBF compared with bovine milk‐based fortifiers (BMBFs) in the absence of formula feeding. Objective: To determine if HMBF compared with BMBF for routine nutrient enrichment of human milk improves feeding tolerance, reduces morbidity, reduces fecal calprotectin (a measure of gut inflammation), and supports the growth of infants <1250 g. Design: In this blinded randomized clinical trial, infants born weighing <1250 g were recruited from neonatal units in Ontario, Canada between August 2014 and November 2015. The infants were fed mother's milk and donor milk as required. Fortification commenced at 100 mL/kg per day of HMBF (0.81 kcal/mL) or BMBF (0.72 kcal/mL) and advanced at 140 mL/kg per day to 0.88 and 0.78 kcal/mL, respectively. The primary outcome was percentage of infants with a feeding interruption for ≥12 h or a >50% reduction in feeding volume. Secondary outcomes included a dichotomous mortality and morbidity index (i.e., affirmative for any one of death, late‐onset sepsis, necrotizing enterocolitis, chronic lung disease, or severe retinopathy of prematurity), fecal calprotectin, and growth. Results: Of 232 eligible infants, 127 (54.7%) were randomized (n = 64 HMBF, n = 63 BMBF). Mean ± SD birth weight and gestational age of infants were 888 ± 201 g and 27.7 ± 2.5 wk, respectively. No statistically significant differences were identified in feeding interruptions [17/64 HMBF, 20/61 BMBF$$$ unadjusted risk difference: ‐6.2% (95% CI: ‐22.2%, 9.8%)]. There was no statistically significant difference in the mortality and morbidity index (48.4% HMBF, 49.2% BMBF, adjusted P = 0.76), changes in fecal calprotectin, or growth z scores. Conclusions: Among infants born weighing <1250 g and exclusively fed human milk, the use of HMBF did not improve feeding tolerance or reduce mortality and morbidity compared with BMBF. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02137473.
HIV-1 concentrations in human breast milk before and after weaning$$$ Concentrations of HIV‐1 RNA and DNA in mucosal compartments influence the risk of sexual transmission and mother‐to‐child transmission of HIV‐1. Breast milk production is physiologically regulated such that supply is a function of infant demand, but whether demand also influences HIV‐1 dynamics in breast milk is unknown. We tested whether minor and major changes in feeding frequency influence breast milk viral concentrations in 958 HIV‐1‐infected women and their infants followed, for 24 months during a trial in Lusaka, Zambia. Women were randomized to wean abruptly at 4 months or to continue breast‐feeding for a duration of their own choosing. Two weeks after breast‐feeding cessation (4.5 months), HIV‐1 concentrations in breast milk were substantially higher (median RNA, 2708 copies/ml$$$ DNA, 14 copies/ml) than if breast‐feeding continued (median RNA, <50 copies/ml$$$ DNA, <1 copy/ml$$$ P < 0.0001). Among those continuing breast‐feeding, HIV‐1 concentrations in milk were higher if breast‐feeding was nonexclusive (median RNA, 293 copies/ml$$$ DNA, 2 copies/ml$$$ P = 0.0006). Elevated milk viral concentrations after stopping breast‐feeding explained higher than expected rates of late postnatal HIV transmission in those who weaned early. Changes in the frequency of breast‐feeding peri‐weaning and with nonexclusive breast‐feeding influenced milk viral concentrations. This may explain the reduced risk of HIV‐1 transmission associated with exclusive breast‐feeding and why early weaning does not achieve the magnitude of HIV prevention predicted by models. Our results support continuation of maternal antiretroviral drug interventions over the full duration of time when any breast milk exposures may occur after planned weaning.
Neurodevelopmental Outcomes of Extremely Preterm Infants Fed Donor Milk or Preterm Infant Formula: a Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ IMPORTANCE: Maternal milk feeding of extremely preterm infants during the birth hospitalization has been associated with better neurodevelopmental outcomes compared with preterm formula. For infants receiving no or minimal maternal milk, it is unknown whether donor human milk conveys similar neurodevelopmental advantages vs preterm formula. OBJECTIVE: To determine if nutrient‐fortified, pasteurized donor human milk improves neurodevelopmental outcomes at 22 to 26 months' corrected age compared with preterm infant formula among extremely preterm infants who received minimal maternal milk. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: Double‐blind, randomized clinical trial conducted at 15 US academic medical centers within the Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development Neonatal Research Network. Infants younger than 29 weeks 0 days' gestation or with a birth weight of less than 1000 g were enrolled between September 2012 and March 2019. INTERVENTION: Preterm formula or donor human milk feeding from randomization to 120 days of age, death, or hospital discharge. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: The primary outcome was the Bayley Scales of Infant and Toddler Development (BSID) cognitive score measured at 22 to 26 months' corrected age$$$ a score of 54 (score range, 54‐155$$$ a score of ≥85 indicates no neurodevelopmental delay) was assigned to infants who died between randomization and 22 to 26 months' corrected age. The 24 secondary outcomes included BSID language and motor scores, in‐hospital growth, necrotizing enterocolitis, and death. RESULTS: Of 1965 eligible infants, 483 were randomized (239 in the donor milk group and 244 in the preterm formula group)$$$ the median gestational age was 26 weeks (IQR, 25‐27 weeks), the median birth weight was 840 g (IQR, 676‐986 g), and 52% were female. The birthing parent's race was self‐reported as Black for 52% (247/478), White for 43% (206/478), and other for 5% (25/478). There were 54 infants who died prior to follow‐up$$$ 88% (376/429) of survivors were assessed at 22 to 26 months' corrected age. The adjusted mean BSID cognitive score was 80.7 (SD, 17.4) for the donor milk group vs 81.1 (SD, 16.7) for the preterm formula group (adjusted mean difference, ‐0.77 [95% CI, ‐3.93 to 2.39], which was not significant)$$$ the adjusted mean BSID language and motor scores also did not differ. Mortality (death prior to follow‐up) was 13% (29/231) in the donor milk group vs 11% (25/233) in the preterm formula group (adjusted risk difference, ‐1% [95% CI, ‐4% to 2%]). Necrotizing enterocolitis occurred in 4.2% of infants (10/239) in the donor milk group vs 9.0% of infants (22/244) in the preterm formula group (adjusted risk difference, ‐5% [95% CI, ‐9% to ‐2%]). Weight gain was slower in the donor milk group (22.3 g/kg/d [95% CI, 21.3 to 23.3 g/kg/d]) compared with the preterm formula group (24.6 g/kg/d [95% CI, 23.6 to 25.6 g/kg/d]). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Among extremely preterm neonates fed minimal maternal milk, neurodevelopmental outcomes at 22 to 26 months' corrected age did not differ between infants fed donor milk or preterm formula. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT01534481.
Milk thistle for alcoholic and/or hepatitis B or C liver diseases--a systematic cochrane hepato-biliary group review with meta-analyses of randomized clinical trials$$$ OBJECTIVES: Our objectives were to assess the beneficial and harmful effects of milk thistle (MT) or MT constituents versus placebo or no intervention in patients with alcoholic liver disease and/or hepatitis B and/or C liver diseases. METHODS: Randomized clinical trials studying patients with alcoholic and/or hepatitis B or C liver diseases were included (December 2003). The randomized clinical trials were evaluated by components of methodological quality. RESULTS: Thirteen randomized clinical trials assessed MT in 915 patients with alcoholic and/or hepatitis B or C liver diseases. The methodological quality was low: only 23% of the trials reported adequate allocation concealment and only 46% were considered double blind. MT versus placebo or no intervention for a median duration of 6 months had no significant effects on all‐cause mortality (relative risk (RR) 0.78, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.53‐1.15), complications of liver disease, or liver histology. Liver‐related mortality was significantly reduced by MT in all trials (RR 0.50, 95% CI 0.29‐0.88), but not in high‐quality trials (RR 0.57, 95% CI 0.28‐1.19). MT was not associated with a significantly increased risk of adverse events. CONCLUSIONS: Based on high‐quality trials, MT does not seem to significantly influence the course of patients with alcoholic and/or hepatitis B or C liver diseases. MT could potentially affect liver injury. Adequately conducted randomized clinical trials on MT versus placebo may be needed.
HIGH-DOSE VS LOW-DOSE DEXAMETHASONE IN PATIENTS WITH COVID-19 IN A TERTIARY HOSPITAL IN WESTERN HONDURAS$$$ TOPIC: Critical Care TYPE: Original Investigations PURPOSE: Dexamethasone has become the standard of care for treating patients with coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID‐19) who require oxygen. This therapeutic regiment has been found to decrease mortality in patients with COVID‐19. The RECOVERY trial proposed utilizing dexamethasone at 6 mg daily, but some feel this dose is not high enough to ameliorate the cytokine storm in patients. Studies like DEXA‐ARDS have utilized higher doses of dexamethasone (20 mg IV daily) found patients to have accelerated from the ventilator and more ventilator free days. Despite the increasing evidence of the effectiveness of corticosteroids for the treatment of moderate to severe COVID‐19, the optimal dose of dexamethasone is not clearly stablished. We sought out to compare a low‐dose dexamethasone against a high‐dose of dexamethasone in patients admitted with COVID‐19 to our tertiary hospital in Honduras. METHODS: We conducted a single center a randomized non‐blinded control trial pilot study of COVID‐19 patients admitted between September 1st 2020 to October 31st2020. Patients were randomly assigned to be treated with low‐dose dexamethasone (control) 8mg/day (n=40) and high‐dose dexamethasone (experimental) 24mg/day. The primary outcome was the reduction in mortality and intubation. Our Secondary outcomes included nosocomial infections, superinfections and prolonged hospitalization. RESULTS: A total of 81 patients underwent randomization, with 40 in the low‐dose group and 41 in the high‐dose group. On the low‐dose n=17 (42.5%) were male and n=23 (57.5%) were females vs the high‐dose n=29(70.7%) were males and n=12(29.3%) were females. Patient’s were similarly matched in age, with (mean +/‐SD) of 56.9 +/‐ 14.9 and 57.5+/‐16.5 for low and high‐dose dexamethasone respectively. Oxygen saturation on admission was 77.8% in the high‐dose vs 82.5% in the low‐dose group. C reactive protein (CRP) mean value was 52.8 mg/L in low‐dose vs 79.65 in the high‐dose. Patients in the high‐dose group developed more nosocomial infections (19.5% (n=8)) compared to their low‐dose counterparts (12.5% (n=5)). Patients in the high dose group were more likely to become more critically ill (53.7% (n=22)) than their low‐dose peers (27.5% (n=11)). The risk of becoming critically ill and requiring intubation was near 2‐fold higher in the high‐dose as opposed to the low dose group RR=1.95 (95% CI 1.1‐3.5). A total of 8 patients died, with 6 of these patients being in the high‐dose group. CONCLUSIONS: High dose of dexamethasone was associated with increased mortality, risk of intubation and nosocomial infections. It is likely that patients who were enrolled in the high‐dose corticosteroid group were sicker, as evidenced by the higher CRP levels and low SpO2 on admission in this cohort. Our study is limited by a small sample size but the findings remain significant as this is the only randomized trial looking at differences between high and low doses of dexamethasone in a LMIC. CLINICAL IMPLICATIONS: Low dose treatment showed increase in survival and better clinical outcomes. High‐dose steroid use should be avoided. These findings can help guide clinical decision in LMIC were immunomodulation with monoclonal antibodies might not be feasible due to cost prohibition. DISCLOSURES: No relevant relationships by Balduino Carcamo, source=Web Response No relevant relationships by Rosa Estevez, source=Web Response No relevant relationships by Orlando Garner, source=Web Response No relevant relationships by Eleazar Montalvan, source=Web Response No relevant relationships by Dalton Norwood, source=Web Response No relevant relationships by Jose Ordoñez, source=Web Response No relevant relationships by Dairy Palacion, source=Web Response No relevant relationships by Maria Pineda, source=Web Response No relevant relationships by Shery Rivera, source=Web Response No relevant relationships by Aída Rodriguez, source=Web Response
Genitourinary Syndrome of Menopause 101: how To Diagnose and Treat$$$ For an estimated 60‐75% of menopausal women, genital comfort and sexual quality of life can be compromised by the signs and symptoms that accompany Genitourinary Syndrome of Menopause (GSM). GSM is a chronic progressive condition that results from depletion of estrogen in the genitourinary tissues. Signs of GSM include: dryness, pallor and loss of elasticity of the vagina, introital stenosis, atrophy of the clitoris, labia, prepuce, urethra. Vaginal dryness, burning, irritation, dysuria and dyspareunia are bothersome symptoms associated with GSM. The goal of GSM treatment is to restore comfort, maintain genitourinary and sexual function. First line GSM therapies include: use of over‐the‐counter vaginal lubricants which can temporarily reduce friction during sexual activity and long‐acting vaginal moisturizers which can be inserted several times weekly to add long lasting moisture to the vagina. In conjunction, women may benefit from the use of vaginal dilators, which are useful to gradually increase or maintain vaginal vault size. Many women also require therapy to address shortened, painful muscles of the pelvic floor, that can preclude comfortable intercourse. In this case, women are referred for a course of pelvic floor muscle physical therapy. For symptomatic women who do not respond to first line interventions, local low‐dose vaginal estrogen therapy (ET) in the form of creams, inserts, tablets, and rings have been approved for the treatment of vulvovaginal atrophy associated with GSM. These work by enhancing thickness and elasticity of genital tissue and improving vaginal blood flow. A 2016 Cochrane review reported that the efficacy of each of these formulations was similar and found no increased risk of endometrial hyperplasia with any of the local therapies. Additional evidence of the safety and efficacy associated with local estrogen therapy for GSM was suggested by a 2018 analysis. No statistical difference was found in risk for cardiovascular outcomes (including: MI, CVA, DVT, PE) or invasive cancers (including colorectal, breast, ovarian and endometrial). Despite being safe and effective options which reverse the underlying physiology of GSM, local vaginal estrogen therapies continue to be an underutilized treatment options for women who are suffering with GSM. There are additional non‐estrogen alternatives approved for treatment of GSM/dyspareunia symptoms. Ospemifene, an oral selective estrogen‐receptor modulator (SERM) with agonistic vaginal effects, is approved to treat moderate to severe dyspareunia associated with menopause. A dehydroepiandrosterone vaginal insert (prasterone) used daily has been approved for the same indication. Personal preference and reimbursement issues are factors in shared decision making with a woman when initiating therapy for GSM. Laser technology is an emerging technology for treatment of GSM and dyspareunia. Lasers appear to induce wound healing, stimulate collagen and elastin and restore vaginal pH. The results of a recent multicenter, randomized, trial of vaginal laser therapy vs estrogen cream for the treatment of GSM suggested that laser therapy and estrogen therapy produced similar effects in terms of patient global impression of improvement$$$ female sexual function scores$$$ incidence of adverse effects and in sustained efficacy at 6 months. While promising, larger, blinded, long‐term, randomized, sham‐controlled studies are needed to evaluate the safety and efficacy of this procedure. Cancer therapy can lead to GSM and sexual dysfunction in the millions of women survivors of cancer. Laser therapy, off‐label use of local low‐dose vaginal estrogen or on‐label intravaginal prasterone (which has no contraindications for use with breast cancer survivors) have been proposed as potential treatment options, with decisions made in conjunction with consultation with a woman's oncologist. In summary, postmenopausal women who suffer with distressing symptoms of GSM can benefit greatly from an informed discussion of the physiologic basis of their symptoms, shared decision making regarding efficacy and safety of behavioral, nonhormonal, hormonal and laser therapy treatment options.
Effects of intranasal ketamine on uncontrolled cancer related pain$$$ OBJECTIVES/SPECIFIC AIMS: If intranasal ketamine can be utilized for pain control in cancer patients, this could provide them with superior analgesia and better quality of life, without the risk of significant respiratory depression associated with opioid medications. We seek to obtain preliminary data via a clinical trial addressing safety, feasibility, and utility of this novel technique for the treatment of persistent uncontrolled cancer pain. These findings would be an important initial step towards testing the effectiveness of intranasal ketamine as a non‐opioid medication for cancer pain used as potential maintenance outpatient therapy. These initial findings would be applied to a subsequent trial to determine the effectiveness and associated toxicities of ketamine in a larger sample of cancer patients, and address the compelling need to identify new, successful management therapies for cancer pain. Specific Aims: 1. To evaluate (pharmacodynamic) effects of NAS ketamine on Patient Reported Outcomes (PROs), such as pain scores, side effects, depression, quality of life, and functional status. A clinical trial will be conducted where NAS ketamine will be given to a sample of patients with cancer related pain. Patient Reported Outcomes (PROs), such as pain scores, depression, quality of life, and functional status will be noted on Numerical Pain Rating Scale (NPRS), Montgomery Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS), and Edmonton Symptom Assessment (ESAS), Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) and Patient Reported Outcome Measurement Information System (PROMIS) scales respectively. 1. To measure pharmacokinetics of NAS ketamine through analysis of ketamine and its metabolite norketamine to determine pharmacokinetic properties. During this clinical trial blood samples will be drawn at specified intervals and sent for analysis. 3. To determine opioid sparing effect of NAS ketamine. Opioid use will be measured by documenting use of rescue medications prior to and during the study and by evaluating total opioid consumption prior to and during the study. METHODS/STUDY POPULATION: Study sample: In the search for improved therapies for chronic cancer pain, medications with novel mechanisms of action have been sought. One such promising pharmacologic approach is ketamine. We specifically intend to measure utility of ketamine in patients with pain related to cancer or cancer treatment. Ketamine has shown to reverse central sensitization and opioid tolerance in rat models. Since ketamine is Scheduled III in United States and has abuse potential, we do not intend for ketamine to replace opioids, but use in patients who have failed opioid therapy. Since the investigators of the study practice at Emory, subjects will be from oncology and pain clinics (the supportive oncology clinic, oncology clinics, the pain clinic and Acute Pain Service) at Emory. The trial will be conducted at the Phase 1 Unit of the Winship Cancer Institute (WCI) at Emory. Subjects may be identified and contacted via telephone with information about the study prior to their next clinic appointment in order to allow time for them to consider the study. Eligibility criteria: Patients will be eligible to participate if they are: 1. Adults with uncontrolled cancer related pain a. Male and female subjects at least 18 years of age. b. Patients with uncontrolled pain related to cancer or cancer treatment. c. Uncontrolled pain will be defined as i. pain which persists for more than 7 days and is rated >/=4 on NPRS, and/or ii. use of breakthrough medication more than 4 times in 24 hours d. Failed other pain medications such non‐steroidal antiinflammatories such as ibuprofen, acetaminophen, opioids such as tramadol, hydrocodone, oxycodone etc. and antineuropathics such as gabapentin. 2. Able to provide informed consent a. Patients who are able to understand written and verbal English. Patients will be excluded from the study if they have any of the following: 1. Conditions increasing the risk of side effects from ketamine a. Conditions not safe due to cardiovascular effects of ketamine i. Presence of severe cardiac disease‐EF <15% in patients with known history of cardiac disease ii. Uncontrolled Stage 2 hypertension or greater (systolic blood pressure > 160 and/or diastolic blood pressure >100) iii. Baseline tachycardia, HR >100 b. Conditions not safe due to potential effect of ketamine on intracranial and intraocular pressure i. Presence of elevated ICP ii. Uncontrolled glaucoma c. Presence of uncontrolled depression or other psychiatric comorbidity with psychosis 2. Conditions not safe due to potential side effects reported in ketamine abusers a. History of liver disease b. History of interstitial cystitis 3. Conditions where delivery of intranasal medications may be unreliable a. Active allergic or infectious rhinitis b. Patients with lesions of nasal mucosa 4. Conditions where fetus may be exposed to ketamine in utero (ketamine is category C medication) a. Pregnant women, nursing mothers and women of childbearing potential not using contraception known to be highly effective. b. Highly effective contraception methods include combination of any two of the following: Use of oral, injected or implanted hormonal methods of contraception or$$$ Placement of an intrauterine device (IUD) or intrauterine system (IUS)$$$ Barrier methods of contraception: condom or occlusive cap (diaphragm or cervical/vault caps) with spermicidal foam/gel/film/cream/ vaginal suppository$$$ Total abstinence$$$ Male/female sterilization. 5. Conditions with medication abuse potential a. Illicit substance abuse within the past 6 months b. Documented history of medication abuse/misuse (e.g. Unsanctioned dose escalation, broken opioid agreement etc.) 6. Conditions where ketamine metabolism may be altered, resulting in erroneous dose response relationship a. Clinical requirement for medications that are concurrent inducers or strong inhibitors of CYP3A4. CYP3A4 substrates are allowed. (Ketamine is metabolized by CYP3A4) Study sample limitations: Subject factors that may affect the final resultant study sample of subjects with full data for analysis. 1. Subjects who may not get pain relief with ketamine may not follow up and resulting incomplete data not eligible for analysis that may erroneously enhance positive effect of ketamine on pain relief. To account for this effort will be made to document the reason for lack of follow‐up by contacting patient via telephone or at next scheduled clinic visit within Emory Healthcare. 2. Since patients coming to Emory are typically insured, the study will not adequately capture indigent population. It is not the intention of the current study to investigate differences in pain characteristics or responses of patients with insurance vs indigent population and will need to be addressed via future trials. Since this is a single center trial, the results of this trial might lack external validity required to support widespread changes in practice. This will be a pilot trial to figure out likely most efficacious dose. If this trial is successful, a multi‐site randomized clinical trial will be conducted next. Primary Study Measures Primary exposure Intranasal Ketamine for cancer related pain Ketamine is an FDA approved anesthetic with amnesic, analgesic, dissociative, and sedative properties. It is unique among anesthetic agents in that it does not depress cardiovascular and respiratory systems. Ketamine is a noncompetitive, antagonist of N‐methylD‐aspartate (NMDA) receptors that blocks the NMDA channel in the open state by binding to the phencyclidine (PCP) site located within the lumen of the channel. Antagonism of NMDA receptors produces antinociception of persistent or neuropathic pain in animal models and analgesia in pain states in humans. The NMDA receptor is believed to play a role in the development of opioid tolerance and ketamine has been shown in a rat model to prevent fentanyl‐induced hyperalgesia and subsequent acute morphine tolerance 5. Ketamine also interacts at a number of other receptor sites to block pain. Some of these sites include voltage‐sensitive calcium channels, depression of sodium channels, modulation of cholinergic neurotransmission, and inhibition of uptake of serotonin and norepinephrine.
A comparison of the effects of A1 and A2 beta-casein protein variants on blood cholesterol concentrations in New Zealand adults$$$ Beta‐casein is a cow's milk protein that occurs predominantly in two forms, A1 and A2. Epidemiological evidence suggests that per capita consumption of beta‐casein A1 is associated with national mortality rates from ischaemic heart disease. A biological mechanism was proposed after rabbits fed diets containing beta‐casein A2 had lower serum cholesterol concentrations and less aortic intimal thickening than rabbits fed beta‐casein A1. We tested whether beta‐casein A1 and A2 variants differentially affect plasma cholesterol concentrations in humans. In a randomised crossover trial of two four‐and‐a‐half week periods without washout, 62 participants replaced all dairy products in their diet with 500 mL of low‐fat milk and 28 g of full‐fat cheese that differed in the proportion of beta‐casein A1 and A2 variants. Duplicate blood samples were taken on non‐consecutive days at the end of each treatment period from 55 people who completed the study. Mean (S.D.) plasma total, low‐density and high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations were 5.60 (0.77), 3.73 (0.70) and 1.26 (0.34) mmol/L after the A1 diet and 5.63 (0.81), 3.75 (0.75) and 1.27 (0.37) mmol/L after the A2 diets. We found no evidence that dairy products containing beta‐casein A1 or A2 exerted differential effects (P > 0.05) on plasma cholesterol concentrations in humans.
Impact of Docosahexaenoic acid supplementation on proinflammatory cytokines release and the development of Necrotizing enterocolitis in preterm Neonates: a randomized controlled study: impact of Docosahexaenoic acid supplementation on proinflammatory cytokines$$$ Introduction: Preterm neonates have under‐developed immune‐regulatory system$$$ consequently, there is a risk for developing chronic inflammation. Necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) is an acute devastating neonatal intestinal inflammatory disorder. Due to the obscure multifactorial etiology, early diagnosis and effective treatment of NEC are limited. Consequently, effective strategies in the prevention of NEC, including nutritional approaches, are critically needed. The current study was conducted to assess the potential immunomodulatory effect of Docosahexaenoic Acid (DHA) supplementation in preterm neonates at neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) and subsequently its effect on preventing or reducing NEC incidence. Methods: This was a prospective randomized controlled study. A total of 67 neonates, with gestational age equal or less than 32 weeks at birth and weight less than or equal 1500 g, were randomly assigned to either DHA group or the control group. Modified Bell's staging criteria for NEC was used as an objective tool for diagnosis and staging of NEC. Levels of Interleukin 1 beta (IL‐1β) were measured at baseline and after 10 days. Mortality and NICU length of stay (LOS) were also monitored. Results: Thirty neonates of each group completed the study. A statistically significant difference was observed between the two groups regarding diagnosis and staging of NEC (p = 0.0001). There was also a statistically significant difference between DHA group 22(73.3), 95% CI [55.9, 86.5] and the control group 8 (26.7), 95% CI [13.5, 44.1] in the percentage change in IL‐1β levels (p = 0.0001). A statistically significant association was found between IL and 1 β change and NEC diagnosis (p = 0.001). NICU LOS was significantly lower among DHA group 21.63 ± 6.67 compared to the control group 25.07 ± 4.67 (p = 0.025). Mortality n (%) among the control group 4 (11.8) was higher than DHA group 3 (9.1), however, no significant difference was detected (p = 1.0). Conclusion: Findings of this study suggest that enteral DHA supplementation can reduce NEC incidence in preterm neonates through its immunoregulatory effect that modulates production of regulatory cytokines. Trial registration: Registered at clinical trials.gov (NCT03700957), 6 October 2018.
Prevention of palmar-plantar erythrodysesthesia with an antiperspirant in breast cancer patients treated with pegylated liposomal doxorubicin (SAKK 92/08)$$$ BACKGROUND: Elevated concentrations of doxorubicin are found in eccrine sweat glands of the palms and soles. We therefore evaluated an antiperspirant as preventive treatment for palmar‐plantar erythrodysesthesia (hand‐foot syndrome) in patients with metastatic breast cancer treated with pegylated liposomal doxorubicin. PATIENTS AND METHODS: An antiperspirant containing aluminum chlorohydrate or placebo cream was applied to the left or right hand and foot in a double‐blinded manner (intra‐patient randomization). The primary endpoint was the rate of grade 2 or 3 palmar‐plantar erythrodysesthesia. A secondary endpoint was the patient‐reported symptom burden (tingling, numbness, pain, or skin problems). Using McNemar's matched pairs design, 53 patients were needed to detect a 20% difference between the treatment and placebo sides with a significance level of 5% and power of 90%. RESULTS: Grade 2 or 3 PPE occurred in 30 (58%) of 52 evaluable patients$$$ in six patients adverse effects occurred on the placebo side but not on the treatment side, whereas one patient developed palmar‐plantar erythrodysesthesia on the treatment side only (P = 0.07). Four patients developed grade 2 or 3 palmar‐plantar erythrodysesthesia on their foot on the placebo side but not on the treatment side (P = 0.05). In the cohort with grade 2 or 3 palmar‐plantar erythrodysesthesia there was a trend towards fewer dermatologic symptomatologies with the active treatment (P = 0.05), and no difference for other adverse events. CONCLUSION: Using topical aluminum chlorohydrate as an antiperspirant appears to reduce the incidence of grade 2 or 3 palmar‐plantar erythrodysesthesia following pegylated liposomal doxorubicin chemotherapy for metastatic breast cancer.
Dairy proteins, dairy lipids, and postprandial lipemia in persons with abdominal obesity (DairyHealth): a 12-wk, randomized, parallel-controlled, double-blinded, diet intervention study$$$ BACKGROUND: Abdominal obesity and exaggerated postprandial lipemia are independent risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) and mortality, and both are affected by dietary behavior. OBJECTIVE: We investigated whether dietary supplementation with whey protein and medium‐chain saturated fatty acids (MC‐SFAs) improved postprandial lipid metabolism in humans with abdominal obesity. DESIGN: We conducted a 12‐wk, randomized, double‐blinded, diet intervention study. Sixty‐three adults were randomly allocated to one of 4 diets in a 2 × 2 factorial design. Participants consumed 60 g milk protein (whey or casein) and 63 g milk fat (with high or low MC‐SFA content) daily. Before and after the intervention, a high‐fat meal test was performed. We measured changes from baseline in fasting and postprandial triacylglycerol, apolipoprotein B‐48 (apoB‐48$$$ reflecting chylomicrons of intestinal origin), free fatty acids (FFAs), insulin, glucose, glucagon, glucagon‐like peptide 1 (GLP‐1), and gastric inhibitory polypeptide (GIP). Furthermore, changes in the expression of adipose tissue genes involved in lipid metabolism were investigated. Two‐factor ANOVA was used to examine the difference between protein types and fatty acid compositions, as well as any interaction between the two. RESULTS: Fifty‐two participants completed the study. We found that the postprandial apoB‐48 response decreased significantly after whey compared with casein (P = 0.025) independently of fatty acid composition. Furthermore, supplementation with casein resulted in a significant increase in the postprandial GLP‐1 response compared with whey (P = 0.003). We found no difference in postprandial triacylglycerol, FFA, insulin, glucose, glucagon, or GIP related to protein type or MC‐SFA content. We observed no interaction between milk protein and milk fat on postprandial lipemia. CONCLUSION: We found that a whey protein supplement decreased the postprandial chylomicron response compared with casein in persons with abdominal obesity, thereby indicating a beneficial impact on CVD risk. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01472666.
Short-term consumption of probiotic yogurt improved HDL-C of type 2 diabetes mellitus patients: a double-blind randomized controlled trial$$$ Background and aims: Cardiovascular disease is the main complication and cause of morbidity and mortality in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) patients. The main cause of complication in T2DM is oxidative stress caused by insulin resistance, hence it can increase lipid profiles (cholesterol, LDL, and triglycerides) which exacerbates endothelial dysfunction. Among various functional foods with antioxidant effects, probiotic foods have been reported to suppress oxidative stress, and also improve the fasting blood glucose (FBG) and lipid profile in patients with T2DM. The aim of this clinical trial is to study the effects of probiotics and conventional yogurt on FBG and lipid profile in patients with T2DM. Material and method: Thirty‐eight patients with T2DM, aged 30 to 60 years old, were assigned to two groups in this randomized, double‐blind, controlled clinical trial. The subjects in the intervention group consumed 100 ml/day probiotic yogurt containing Lactobacillus acidophilus La‐5 and Bifidobacterium lactis BB‐12, whereas subjects in the control group consumed 100 ml/day conventional yogurt for four weeks. Anthropometric indices, dietary intake, physical activity, serum FBG, and lipid profile were evaluated at the beginning and end of the intervention. Results: Consumption of 100 mL/day conventional yogurt could significantly reduce the fasting blood glucose (FBG) level, whereas probiotic yogurt could not reduce FBG significantly. Although the total cholesterol and triglyceride were not improved after yogurt consumption, both type of yogurt could improve HDL‐C level. Conclusion: Both conventional yogurt or probiotic yogurt could be used as functional food since it improved the HDL‐C in type 2 DM patients.
Growth of infants born to HIV-positive mothers fed a whey-adapted acidifed starter formula with prebiotics and nucleotides$$$ Objectives: The objectives of this study were to evaluate whether infants born to known HIV‐positive mothers, but who were not themselves infected with HIV and who were fed a chemically acidifed starter formula with prebiotics with or without nucleotides during their frst six months, displayed growth rates equal to uninfected infants fed a chemically acidifed starter formula without prebiotics or nucleotides. Design: The design was a multi‐centre, double‐blinded randomised controlled trial. Setting: The study was carried out in four academic hospitals, three in Johannesburg and one in Cape Town, South Africa. Subjects and intervention: The subjects were newborn infants born to consenting HIV‐positive women who had previously decided not to breast feed. The infants were randomised to receive one of three milk formulas. The intervention comprised chemically acidifed formula without prebiotics or nucleotides, with prebiotics only, or with prebiotics and nucleotides. Outcome measures: The outcome measures were the growth parameters through the first six months of life. Results: Of the 150 randomised infants, 50 did not complete the study and 16 (12.8% of those tested) were infected with HIV, leaving 84 infants available for analysis. All three formulas were tolerated well, with no differences in growth parameters seen with the addition of prebiotics and nucleotides. The growth rates of the study infants up to the age of six months were very good, showing an increase in Z‐scores from negative values at the time of enrolment in the first week after birth to around zero for length and > 0.5 for weight. Conclusions: The three chemically acidified formulas were tolerated well and resulted in good growth over the first six months of life. No benefits were seen with the addition of prebiotics or nucleotides. The growth rates were similar to those found in previous studies of ours on biologically acidified formulas. The chemical acidification of infant formulas appears to be a realistic alternative to biological acidifcation should an acidified formula be required. SAJCN.
Protocol for a 4-arm randomized controlled trial testing remotely delivered exercise-only, diet-only, and exercise + diet interventions among men with prostate cancer treated with radical prostatectomy (prostate 8-II)$$$ BACKGROUND: Nutrition and physical activity are associated with prostate cancer recurrence and mortality. Few randomized controlled trials (RCT) have examined the effects of long‐term exercise and diet changes on prostate cancer clinical, biological, and patient‐reported outcomes. METHODS: Prostate 8‐II is a 4‐arm RCT among 200 men with prostate cancer who chose radical prostatectomy (RP) as their primary treatment. Men are enrolled prior to RP and randomized to exercise‐only, diet‐only, exercise + diet, or usual care (50/arm). Participants begin their assigned intervention 0‐5 weeks prior to RP and continue for 24‐months following surgery. The 3 active intervention arms receive access to a web‐portal and text messages, coaching calls, and other intervention resources (e.g., heart rate sensor and resistance bands and/or recipe booklet). Weekly exercise goals for the exercise intervention groups are 150 min moderate or 75 min vigorous aerobic exercise, 2 strength sessions, and 2 flexibility sessions. Diet intervention groups work with a dietitian to customize their goals (e.g., increase cruciferous vegetables, cooked tomatoes, healthy fats, fish$$$ limit processed meats, whole milk). The primary endpoint is biochemical recurrence. Secondary endpoints include change in tumor biomarkers from biopsy to RP as well as patient‐reported outcomes (e.g., quality‐of‐life), blood and urine biomarkers, and anthropometry at 0, 6, 12, and 24 months. CONCLUSION: This 4‐arm RCT will examine the impact of change in exercise and diet (alone or in combination) on prostate cancer recurrence, biology, and quality‐of‐life.
Dietary approach to hypertension based on low glycaemic index and principles of DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension): a randomised trial in a primary care service$$$ Hypertension is one of the leading causes of morbidity and mortality in Brazil. Diet may play an important role in reducing blood pressure (BP), as has been shown for diets high in fruits, vegetables and low‐fat dairy products and low in salt (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH)‐Na). A low‐glycaemic index Brazilian diet combined with the principles of the DASH‐Na diet was evaluated in a randomised study of 206 individuals who were followed for 6 months. In the control group (CG), counselling was based on standard care and mainly focused on salt intake reduction. An intention‐to‐treat analysis showed that, after 6 months, systolic BP was reduced by 144 mmHg and diastolic BP by 97 mmHg in the experimental group (EG), compared with 67 and 46 mmHg, respectively, in the CG. After adjusting for body weight, BP at baseline and age, these changes were 121 and 79 mmHg, respectively. Urinary Na excretion was also reduced by 434 mEq/24 h in the EG. Food intake was modified accordingly during the intervention with an increase in the consumption of vegetables (297‐585 frequency of consumption measured in three non‐consecutive days), fruits (409‐718), beans (194‐313) and fish (180‐274) by the EG. The present study showed the feasibility of a Brazilian dietary approach to treating hypertension by reducing urinary Na excretion and BP, changes that may have a great impact on public health and promote the benefits of controlling hypertension.
Nutritional intake, body composition, plasma lipids and fat-soluble vitamins, red blood cell fatty acid profile and behaviour of Omani school children$$$ Background: The traditional Omani diet of dates, milk, rice, brown bread, fish and vegetables has undergone considerable change, now resembling a Western diet that is high in calories, high glycaemic index carbohydrates, total fat and saturated, trans and omega 6 fatty acids, and low in omega‐3 fatty acids and essential micronutrients. The available data on daily food intake and its impact on micro‐ and macro‐nutrients are scanty in the Arab world. Obtaining these data is especially important in light of the growing prevalence of non‐communicable diseases (NCDs) ‐ cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, cancer and respiratory diseases ‐ which now account for more than 60% of the global disease burden and mortality, and contribute to more than 50% of annual deaths in Arabian countries, including Oman. Moreover, obesity, an antecedent of NCDs, has reached epidemic proportions in the region. Since NCDs develop gradually during the course of the lifespan, various national and international committees on NCDs have recommended that children and young adults be the primary focus of any action plan that aims to prevent and control non‐communicable diseases. Specific aims: The aims of the study are: a) To assess the nutrient intake, body composition, blood lipids, blood pressure, blood glucose and cognitive behaviour of Omani school children$$$ b) To assess the level of Vitamin A, D, E, and Beta Carotene among the Omani school children c) To assess the level of red blood cell fatty acids of Omani school children d) To investigate the effect of fish consumption on red blood cell omega‐3 fatty acids and plasma fat‐soluble vitamins$$$ e) To investigate the impact of omega‐3 fatty acids obtained from fish oil capsule on the red blood cell omega‐3 fatty acids and plasma fat‐soluble vitamins. Methods: Children ages 9 and 10 years (n = 314) were recruited from three randomly selected schools in the Muscat Governorate. The schools were assigned to a fish, fish oil, or control group and the children were accordingly provided a lightly grilled oily fish, a re‐esterified triacylglycerol fish oil capsule, or no fish for 12 weeks. Baseline body weight, height and body mass index were assessed and a non‐fasting blood sample collected at baseline and after 12 weeks of intervention. Data on food intake were gathered using a 24‐hour recall questionnaire$$$ also collected were data on weight, height, blood pressure, triglycerides and fasting glucose. In addition, teachers completed the National Initiative for Children’s Health Quality Vanderbilt Assessment Scales‐Teacher Assessment Scale to assess the prevalence and sub‐types of ADHD. Results: At baseline, a significant number of the children had low levels of vitamin D, and omega‐3 fatty acids. The low levels of vitamin D and omega‐3 fatty acids were ameliorated significantly by fish consumption and fish oil supplementation. In terms of weight, the prevalence of overweight or obesity for the total sample was 28.2% (10%, 46%) and 22.6% (8%, 38%). That is, about one fourth of the study subjects were overweight or obese. With regards to ADHD, the prevalence rate of PIS, PHIS and ADHDCIH among Omani school children was 7.3%, 3% and 8.8%, respectively. After 12 weeks intervention, the children who received fish oil (54.1±17.5 nmol/L$$$ p < 0.001) and fish (49.2±17.4 nmol/L$$$ p < 0.05) had elevated levels of vitamin D than those who did not (42.3±17.5 nmol/L). The fish oil (1.2±0.70 μmol/L) and fish (1.20±0.7 μmol/L) groups also had higher concentrations of beta carotene than the placebo group (0.85±0.43 μmol/L$$$ p < 0.0001). Systolic and diastolic blood pressure (p=0.0001) and plasma triglycerides (p < 0.05) but not HDL, LDL and total cholesterol (p > 0.05) were lower in the fish oil group compared with those who were fed oily fish. Conclusions: This study provides important and underreported data on nutrient intake levels by school children in Arab world. For the first time, these data will be available as a benchmark for future research and health programs in the region. A large number of boys and girls had diets that failed to provide the recommended levels of daily nutrients. This study also indicates that ADHD is relatively common among Omani school children$$$ additional studies are needed to assess the generalisability of these findings. Vitamin D deficiency is prevalent in Omani school children, but can be mitigated with omega‐3 fatty acid supplementation. This study also provides evidence that Omani pre‐adolescents have a low level n‐3 fatty acid index that can be ameliorated by fish oil supplementation or consumption of oily fish. Hence, there is a need for a child‐focused program of food fortification, school feeding programmes, targeted intervention with n‐3 fatty acid enriched food products, family nutrition education and outdoor activities to alleviate the problem.
Dairy Consumption Lowers Systemic Inflammation and Liver Enzymes in Typically Low-Dairy Consumers with Clinical Characteristics of Metabolic Syndrome$$$ OBJECTIVES: A 6‐week cross‐over study design was used to determine the effect of increased dairy consumption in typically low‐dairy consumers (n = 37) with metabolic syndrome (MetS) on systemic inflammation and hepatic enzymes. METHODS: This was a randomized study in which participants consumed low‐fat dairy (LFD) (10 oz 1% milk, 6 oz nonfat yogurt, 4 oz 2% cheese) or a carbohydrate‐based control (CNT) (1.5 oz granola bar and 12 oz 100% juice) for 6 weeks. After a 4‐week washout, they were allocated to the alternate dietary treatment. Inflammatory status was assessed by fasting plasma concentrations of C‐reactive protein (CRP), tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF‐α), and monocyte chemoattractant ‐1 (MCP‐1). In addition, gene expression of interleukin (IL)‐1, IL‐6, and TNF‐α was evaluated in peripheral blood mononuclear cells isolated from a subset of 17 subjects (13 women, 3 men) at the end of each dietary period. Liver enzymes were also assessed to evaluate whether dairy components would affect hepatic function. RESULTS: Participants had lower concentrations of both hepatic alanine aminotransferase (p < 0.05) and aspartate aminotransferase (p < 0.005) after the LFD period. No significant changes in any of the plasma inflammatory compounds were found when all data were analyzed together. In contrast, expression of IL‐1b and IL‐6 were reduced by 46% and 63%, respectively, compared to the control period. When stratified by gender, women had lower TNF‐α, (p = 0.028) and MCP‐1 (p = 0.001) following LFD consumption compared to CNT. In addition, hepatic steatosis index scores were significantly lower (p < 0.001) during the LFD period. CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that three dairy servings per day improved both liver function and systemic inflammation in subjects with MetS.
Whey and casein in non-fat dairy milk protect against postprandial hyperglycemia-mediated dysregulated arginine metabolism in prediabetic adults$$$ Greater intakes of dairy are associated with a lower risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Ingestion of low‐fat milk compared with carbohydrate‐rich rice milk limits postprandial hyperglycemia (PPH), a predictor of CVD‐related mortality. We hypothesized that acute ingestion of dairy milk proteins would protect against PPH‐mediated increases in lipid peroxidation and dysregulated arginine metabolism. A randomized, cross‐over study was conducted in prediabetic adults (n = 23) who ingested isovolumetric beverages (473 mL) of glucose (75 g$$$ GLU), or glucose with non‐fat milk (MILK), whey protein isolate (WHEY), or sodium caseinate (CASEIN$$$ 16.5 g). Plasma glucose, insulin, malondialdehyde (MDA), arginine (ARG) and its related metabolites [asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA)$$$ symmetric dimethylarginine (SDMA), homoarginine (hARG)] that regulate nitric oxide (NO•) biosynthesis were measured to calculate postprandial AUC0‐180 min. GlucoseAUC was lower (P<0.05) in MILK, WHEY, and CASEIN compared with GLU, whereas insulinAUC was unaffected (P>0.05). Compared with GLU, MDAAUC was lower in MILK only. Each dairy‐based beverage similarly increased ARGAUC while similarly decreasing ADMA/ARGAUC, SDMA/ARGAUC, and hARG/ARGAUC (P<0.01). GlucoseAUC correlated with MDAAUC (r = 0.36, P<0.01) and each correlated with ADMA/ARGAUC (r = 0.24‐0.79 P<0.05) whereas only glucoseAUC correlated with SDMA/ARGAUC (r = 0.24, P<0.05). Whey and casein protect against PPH‐mediated dysregulated ARG metabolism independent of lipid peroxidation. These findings would be expected to decrease NO• bioavailability by competitively inhibiting NO• synthase and ARG availability, transport, and its binding to NO• synthase.
Acute effect of red meat and dairy on glucose and insulin: a randomized crossover study$$$ BACKGROUND: In contrast with some epidemiologic evidence, our previous research showed that a 4‐wk diet that was high in low‐fat dairy reduced insulin sensitivity compared with the effect of a diet that was high in red meat. OBJECTIVE: We investigated whether a dairy meal would produce a greater insulin response than a carbohydrate‐matched red meat meal would, which might account for the change in insulin sensitivity. DESIGN: One meal contained lean red meat, bread, and orange juice, and the other meal contained skim milk, low‐fat yogurt, cheese, and bread. Meals were isoenergetic, equal in macronutrient profile, and consumed 1 wk apart. Glucose, insulin, and triglycerides were measured before and 30, 60, 90, 120, 150, and 180 min after meal consumption. Differences between meals were tested with the use of a repeated‐measures ANOVA and paired sample t tests. RESULTS: Nineteen men and 24 women [mean ± SD age: 50.8 ± 16.0 y$$$ body mass index (in kg/m(2)): 30.0 ± 3.5] completed the study. Twenty‐two participants had normal glucose tolerance, and 21 participants had impaired fasting glucose or impaired glucose tolerance. The red meat meal resulted in a higher glucose response at 30 min after consumption (P < 0.001)$$$ however, the glucose total AUC was not different between meals (P = NS). The mean ± SEM incremental AUC (iAUC) for glucose was significantly higher after the dairy meal than after the red meat meal (2.23 ± 0.49 compared with 0.88 ± 0.57 mmol/L · 3 h, respectively$$$ P = 0.004). The insulin total AUC and iAUC were not different between meals (iAUC: 159.65 ± 20.0 mU/L · 3 h for red meat compared with 167.49 ± 24.1 mU/L · 3 h for dairy$$$ P = NS). CONCLUSIONS: Lean red meat and low‐fat dairy produced a similar glycemic response. The higher glucose response 30 min after consumption of the red meat meal was likely attributable to differences in the glycemic load between orange juice and milk and yogurt. An insulinotropic effect of dairy was not observed. This trial was registered at www.anzctr.org.au as ACTRN12615000164594.
Increased dairy consumption differentially improves metabolic syndrome markers in male and female adults$$$ BACKGROUND: Effects of dairy consumption on metabolic health and adiposity are inconsistent. Most clinical trials have investigated dairy intake, frequently during caloric restriction, in overweight or obese populations but not in a metabolic syndrome population. We investigated the effect of increased dairy intake without caloric restriction on anthropometrics, plasma lipids, and glucose in typically low‐dairy consumers who met the National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III (NCEP ATP III) metabolic syndrome criteria. METHODS: Male (n=14) and female (n=23) adults (54.1 ± 9.7 years) with metabolic syndrome were randomized to consume low‐fat dairy (LFD) (10 oz of 1% milk, 6 oz of nonfat yogurt, 4 oz of 2% cheese) or carbohydrate control (CNT) (1.5‐oz granola bar and 12 oz of 100% juice) foods for 6 weeks in a crossover study design. Anthropometrics, metabolic syndrome parameters, insulin resistance, and parathyroid hormone were measured. Body composition was analyzed by a dual‐energy X‐ray absorptiometry scan for a subset of subjects (n=22). RESULTS: LFD modulated metabolic syndrome parameters differently according to gender. Following LFD, men had lower glucose (95.4 ± 9.1 vs. 98.9 ± 10.6 mg/dL, P=0.048), whereas women had lower body weight (BW), waist circumference, and body mass index (P<0.01) compared to CNT. Women also had lower energy intake following LFD compared to CNT. Increases in phosphorus (a dairy nutrient) were negatively correlated with decreases in BW (r=‐0.537$$$ P<0.01) and body fat in women (r=‐0.593, P<0.025), whereas the decreases in energy intake had no correlation with anthropometrics. CONCLUSIONS: Three dairy servings/day promoted small but significant improvements differentially by gender in a metabolic syndrome population.
Probiotic soy product supplemented with isoflavones improves the lipid profile of moderately hypercholesterolemic men: a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of worldwide morbidity and mortality. Several studies have demonstrated that specific probiotics affect the host’s metabolism and may influence the cardiovascular disease risk. Objectives: The aim of this study was to investigate the influence of an isoflavone‐supplemented soy product fermented with Enterococcus faecium CRL 183 and Lactobacillus helveticus 416 on cardiovascular risk markers in moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects. Design: Randomized placebo‐controlled double‐blind trial Setting: São Paulo State University in Araraquara, SP, Brazil. Participants: 49 male healthy men with total cholesterol (TC) >5.17 mmol/L and <6.21 mmol/L Intervention: The volunteers have consumed 200 mL of the probiotic soy product (group SP‐1010 CFU/day), isoflavone‐supplemented probiotic soy product (group ISP‐probiotic plus 50 mg of total isoflavones/100 g) or unfermented soy product (group USP‐placebo) for 42 days in a randomized, double‐blind study. Main outcome measures: Lipid profile and additional cardiovascular biomarkers were analyzed on days 0, 30 and 42. Urine samples (24 h) were collected at baseline and at the end of the experiment so as to determine the isoflavones profile. Results: After 42 days, the ISP consumption led to improved total cholesterol, non‐HDL‐C (LDL + IDL + VLDL cholesterol fractions) and electronegative LDL concentrations (reduction of 13.8%, 14.7% and 24.2%, respectively, p < 0.05). The ISP and SP have prevented the reduction of HDL‐C level after 42 days. The C‐reactive protein and fibrinogen levels were not improved. The equol production by the ISP group subjects was inversely correlated with electronegative LDL concentration. Conclusions: The results suggest that a regular consumption of this probiotic soy product, supplemented with isoflavones, could contribute to reducing the risk of cardiovascular diseases in moderately hypercholesterolemic men, through the an improvement in lipid profile and antioxidant properties.
Effect of milk and soy milk consumption on blood lipids and blood calcium concentration among individuals with metabolic syndrome$$$ Metabolic syndrome is a group of interconnected metabolic risk factors that increase the risk for developing cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, obesity, and all‐cause mortality. Some studies have shown that consuming soy product could decrease lipid profile since soy contains beneficial components such as isoflavones, polyphenols, and other phytonutrients. The current study aimed to comprehensively evaluate the potential effects of milk and soy milk consumption on cardiometabolic risk factors and blood calcium concentration on metabolic syndrome adults. Seventy participants with metabolic syndrome were randomized in 4 groups: group 1 received cow milk daily, group 2 soy milk with milk powder, group 3 high calcium soy milk, plain, no sugar added, and group 4 high calcium soy milk, multigrain, no sugar added. Groups 1 and 2 consumed 500 ml of milk daily, while groups 3 and 4 consumed 460 ml of milk daily. Milk and soy milk were consumed twice daily 15‐30 minutes before breakfast and dinner for 8 weeks. Blood serum lipid and blood calcium concentration was determined at weeks 0, 4 and 8. One way repeated measures ANOVA and Friedman two‐way analysis of variance were used to analyze the differences within each group. One way ANOVA and Kruskal‐Wallis test were used to analyze the differences between groups, and statistical significance was defined at p‐value <0.05. The results of within‐group comparisons revealed that all 4 types of milk significantly raised HDL‐cholesterol at week 8. For soy milk with milk powder and high calcium soy milk, plain, no sugar added, significantly reduced LDL‐ cholesterol. The between‐group comparisons showed that LDL‐cholesterol for the high calcium soy milk, plain, no sugar added group was significantly lower those for that in the cow milk and high calcium soy milk, multigrain, no sugar added group. Blood calcium concentration was significantly increased in all groups except soy milk with milk powder group. Therefore, consuming cow and soy milk and could improve serum lipid profile and blood calcium concentration.
Effect of milk and soy milk consumption on blood lipids and blood calcium concentration among individuals with metabolic syndrome$$$ Metabolic syndrome is a group of interconnected metabolic risk factors that increase the risk for developing cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, obesity, and all‐cause mortality. Some studies have shown that consuming soy product could decrease lipid profile since soy contains beneficial components such as isoflavones, polyphenols, and other phytonutrients. The current study aimed to comprehensively evaluate the potential effects of milk and soy milk consumption on cardiometabolic risk factors and blood calcium concentration on metabolic syndrome adults. Seventy participants with metabolic syndrome were randomized in 4 groups: group 1 received cow milk daily, group 2 soy milk with milk powder, group 3 high calcium soy milk, plain, no sugar added, and group 4 high calcium soy milk, multigrain, no sugar added. Groups 1 and 2 consumed 500 ml of milk daily, while groups 3 and 4 consumed 460 ml of milk daily. Milk and soy milk were consumed twice daily 15‐30 minutes before breakfast and dinner for 8 weeks. Blood serum lipid and blood calcium concentration was determined at weeks 0, 4 and 8. One way repeated measures ANOVA and Friedman two‐way analysis of variance were used to analyze the differences within each group. One way ANOVA and Kruskal‐Wallis test were used to analyze the differences between groups, and statistical significance was defined at p‐value <0.05. The results of within‐group comparisons revealed that all 4 types of milk significantly raised HDL‐cholesterol at week 8. For soy milk with milk powder and high calcium soy milk, plain, no sugar added, significantly reduced LDL‐ cholesterol. The between‐group comparisons showed that LDL‐cholesterol for the high calcium soy milk, plain, no sugar added group was significantly lower those for that in the cow milk and high calcium soy milk, multigrain, no sugar added group. Blood calcium concentration was significantly increased in all groups except soy milk with milk powder group. Therefore, consuming cow and soy milk and could improve serum lipid profile and blood calcium concentration.
Yogurt consumption during pregnancy and preterm delivery in Mexican women: a prospective analysis of interaction with maternal overweight status$$$ Preterm delivery is an important cause of perinatal morbidity and mortality, often precipitated by maternal infection or inflammation. Probiotic‐containing foods, such as yogurt, may reduce systemic inflammatory responses. We sought to evaluate whether yogurt consumption during pregnancy is associated with decreased preterm delivery. We studied 965 women enrolled at midpregnancy into a clinical trial of prenatal docosahexaenoic acid supplementation in Mexico. Yogurt consumption during the previous 3 months was categorized as ≥5, 2‐4, or <2 cups per week. Preterm delivery was defined as delivery of a live infant before 37 weeks gestation. We used logistic regression to evaluate the association between prenatal yogurt consumption and preterm delivery and examined interaction with maternal overweight status. In this population, 25.4%, 34.2%, and 40.4% of women reported consuming ≥5, 2‐4, and <2 cups of yogurt per week, respectively. The prevalence of preterm delivery was 8.9%. Differences in preterm delivery were non‐significant across maternal yogurt consumption groups$$$ compared with women reporting <2 cups of yogurt per week, those reporting 2‐4 cups of yogurt per week had adjusted odds ratio (aOR) for preterm delivery of 0.81 (95% confidence interval, CI [.46, 1.41]), and those reporting ≥5 cups of yogurt per week had aOR of 0.94 (95% CI [.51, 1.72]). The association between maternal yogurt consumption and preterm delivery differed significantly for nonoverweight women compared with overweight women (p for interaction = .01). Compared with nonoverweight women who consumed <2 cups of yogurt per week, nonoverweight women who consumed ≥5 cups of yogurt per week had aOR for preterm delivery of 0.24 (95% CI [.07, .89]). Among overweight women, there was no significant association. In this population, there was no overall association between prenatal yogurt consumption and preterm delivery. However, there was significant interaction with maternal overweight status$$$ among nonoverweight women, higher prenatal yogurt consumption was associated with reduced preterm delivery.
The effect of postpartum vitamin A supplementation on breast milk immune regulators and infant immune functions: study protocol of a randomized, controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Because of limited impact on infant morbidity, mortality, and vitamin A status, the new guideline of the World Health Organization (WHO) does not recommend postpartum vitamin A supplementation (VAS) as a public health intervention in developing countries. However, breast milk contains numerous immune‐protective components that are important for infant immune development, and several of these components are regulated by vitamin A. METHODS/DESIGN: Postpartum women are being enrolled within 3 days (d) of delivery at a maternity clinic located in a slum area of Dhaka city and randomized to one of four postpartum VAS regimens (32/group, total 128). The regimens are as follows: Group 1: 200,000 IU VAS at <3 d and placebo at 6 weeks postpartum$$$ Group 2: placebo at <3 d and 200,000 IU VAS at 6 weeks postpartum$$$ Group 3: 200,000 IU VAS, both at <3 d and 6 weeks postpartum$$$ Group 4: placebo, both at <3 d and 6 weeks postpartum. Breast milk samples at <3 d (before supplementation) and 4 months postpartum will be used to measure vitamin A and bioactive compounds. Infant blood samples at 2 and 4 months of age will be used to measure vitamin A, as well as innate and vaccine‐specific immune responses. Dietary, anthropometric, and morbidity data are also being collected. DISCUSSION: This is the first placebo‐controlled randomized clinical trial of postnatal vitamin A supplementation to investigate the key bioactive compounds in breast milk, important for infant immunity, in relation to dose and time point of postpartum supplementation and whether such maternal supplementation improves infant immune status during the critical period of early infancy. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT02043223 , 5 December 2013.
Reduction of solar keratoses by regular sunscreen use$$$ BACKGROUND: The incidence of and mortality from skin cancer are increasing in many countries. In view of the added concern about ozone depletion, many organizations are promoting the regular use of sunscreens to prevent skin cancer, despite the absence of evidence that these products have this effect. Solar (actinic) keratosis is a precursor of squamous‐cell carcinoma of the skin. METHODS: We conducted a randomized, controlled trial of the effect on solar keratoses of daily use of a broad‐spectrum sunscreen cream with a sun‐protection factor of 17 in 588 people 40 years of age or older in Australia during one summer (September 1991 to March 1992). The subjects applied either a sunscreen cream or the base cream minus the active ingredients of the sunscreen to the head, neck, forearms, and hands. RESULTS: The mean number of solar keratoses increased by 1.0 per subject in the base‐cream group and decreased by 0.6 in the sunscreen group (difference, 1.53$$$ 95 percent confidence interval, 0.81 to 2.25). The sunscreen group had fewer new lesions (rate ratio, 0.62$$$ 95 percent confidence interval, 0.54 to 0.71) and more remissions (odds ratio, 1.53$$$ 95 percent confidence interval, 1.29 to 1.80) than the base‐cream group. There was a dose‐response relation: the amount of sunscreen cream used was related to both the development of new lesions and the remission of existing ones. CONCLUSIONS: Regular use of sunscreens prevents the development of solar keratoses and, by implication, possibly reduces the risk of skin cancer in the long‐term.
The effects of progesterone treatment following artificial insemination on the reproductive performance of dairy cows$$$ The objective of this study was to examine the effects of increasing circulating progesterone in multiparous Holstein cows, using an intravaginal progesterone implant between days 3 and 7 following fixed‐time artificial insemination (FTAI). The animals were randomly assigned into two groups: (1) treatment group and (2) control (no treatment). The experiment took place during periods of high and mild temperatures. Pregnancy rates were evaluated by ultrasound at 30 and 60 days after FTAI$$$ embryonic and fetal mortality rates were also evaluated on these dates. The temperature and humidity index on the day of FTAI were different (P < 0.05) during the times of interest, but it did not affect conception rates. Neither the conception rates at days 30 and 60 nor the embryonic and fetal mortality rates differed between the groups during either the high‐ or mild‐temperature periods (P > 0.05). Throughout the experimental period, the serum progesterone concentration was higher in the treatment group than in the control (P < 0.05). We conclude that the intravaginal progesterone implant inserted from days 3 to 7 following FTAI had no effect on conception rates at days 30 and 60 or on embryonic or fetal mortality rates but enhances the serum progesterone concentrations following treatment in multiparous Holstein cows during high‐ and mild‐temperature periods.
Cerium nitrate-silver sulfadiazine cream in the treatment of burns: a prospective, randomized study$$$ In a prospective, randomized study of 34 patients with thermal burns, treatment with the topical agent Cerium nitrate‐silver sulfadiazine was compared with therapy with silver sulfadiazine alone. Despite randomization, there was a significant difference in mean burn size, being larger in the silver sulfadiazine group. There was no significant difference between the two groups in clinical course, mortality, septic deaths, or quantitative microbiology of the burn wound. It is concluded that from these preliminary data no clearcut superiority for one cream over the other can be demonstrated at this time.
Cerium nitrate-silver sulfadiazine cream in the treatment of burns: a prospective, randomized study$$$ In a prospective, randomized study of 34 patients with thermal burns, treatment with the topical agent Cerium nitrate‐silver sulfadiazine was compared with therapy with silver sulfadiazine alone. Despite randomization, there was a significant difference in mean burn size, being larger in the silver sulfadiazine group. There was no significant difference between the two groups in clinical course, mortality, septic deaths, or quantitative microbiology of the burn wound. It is concluded that from these preliminary data no clearcut superiority for one cream over the other can be demonstrated at this time.
Sociodemographic characteristics, dietary practices, and nutritional status of adults with hypertension in a semi-rural community in the eastern region of Ghana$$$ Introduction. Hypertension is a major contributor to the global disease burden and mortality. Evidence suggests increasing hypertension prevalence in Ghana but there is limited public awareness and information on the characteristics of those with the disease. Objective. To describe the baseline characteristics of adults with hypertension who were randomized to receive either hypertension related nutrition education plus hospital‐based standard of care or only the standard of care (control group) in Asesewa, a semi‐rural community in the Eastern Region of Ghana. Only baseline data were used in the present analysis. Methods. A cross‐sectional baseline survey was completed for 63 adults with confirmed hypertension diagnosis. Data on sociodemographic characteristics and diet were obtained through interviews and participants' body mass index (BMI) was computed. Pearson chi‐square statistic was used to assess differences between those with both elevated diastolic blood pressure (DBP) and systolic blood pressure (SBP) and those with only elevated SBP. Results. Mean ± SD age of participants was 54.5±13.8 years. Approximately 71% of participants had both elevated SBP (>140 mmHg) and DBP (>90 mmHg) while the remaining 29% had only elevated SBP. The median number of times the food groups beneficial to hypertension management were consumed in the preceding week to the interview was 1 for green leafy vegetables, 1 for dairy products, 2 for fruits, and 4 for legumes. The median number of times for consuming harmful food groups was 3 for salted fish and 7 times for fats and oils. Signifcantly more participants in the age group above 50 than the younger participants had elevated SBP (83.3 vs. 16.7:P=0.027) and those with BMI equal to or greater than 25 were more likely to have both elevated SBP and DBP (P=0.047). Conclusions. Findings from this study have implications for the prevention and management of hypertension in this semi‐rural population.
Beneficial effects of Lactobacillus plantarum on glycemia and homocysteine levels in postmenopausal women with metabolic syndrome$$$ OBJECTIVE: Metabolic syndrome (MetS) in postmenopausal women is an important risk factor for cardiovascular morbidity, especially stroke and coronary heart disease and mortality. Preventing and treating MetS would be useful in preventing disability and promoting normal aging. Previous human studies have found some beneficial effects of Lactobacillus species on some isolated parameters of MetS. Nevertheless, we are not aware, to date, of any study which has verified the influence of probiotics in patients with MetS. Therefore, the aim of the present study was to evaluate the influence of fermented milk with L. plantarum in the classical parameters related to MetS, as well as in other parameters related to cardiovascular risk in postmenopausal women. METHODS: Twenty‐four individuals were paired by age, ethnicity, and body mass index in two groups: Non‐fermented milk (NFM = 12) 80 mL/d and fermented milk (FM = 12) 80 mL/d. Anthropometric and blood pressure measurements, biochemical, inflammatory, and immunologic biomarkers were measured. RESULTS: Total cholesterol and γ‐glutamyltranspeptidase had a significant reduction both in NFM (P = 0.043 and P = 0.036, respectively) and FM groups (P = 0.010 and P = 0.018, respectively) after 90 d, whereas low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol showed a significant reduction in NFM group (P = 0.002) and trend in the FM group (P = 0.092). Glucose and homocysteine levels showed a significant reduction in the FM group compared with the NFM group (P = 0.037 and P = 0.019, respectively). In relation to inflammatory biomarkers, there was a significant decrease in interleukin‐6 both in NFM (P = 0.032) and in FM (P = 0.001) groups. CONCLUSION: FM with L. plantarum showed more favorable results than NFM in relation to cardiovascular risk factors in postmenopausal women with MetS.
Serum metabolomic profile of dietary acid load in two chronic kidney disease studies$$$ Background: Dietary acid load reflects the balance between acid‐producing foods (meat, cheese) and base‐producing foods (fruits, vegetables), and is clinically important due to its association with risk of cardiovascular disease, diabetes, kidney disease, and mortality. Methods: We used untargeted metabolomics to identify blood biomarkers of dietary acid load in two independent studies of chronic kidney disease patients: the African American Study of Kidney Disease and Hypertension (AASK, n=689) and the Modification of Diet in Renal Disease (MDRD, n=356) study. Multivariable linear regression was used to assess the cross‐sectional association between serum metabolites whose identity was known (outcome) and dietary acid load (exposure), estimated with net endogenous acid production based on 24‐hour urine levels of urea nitrogen and potassium, and adjusted for age, sex, race, randomization group, mGFR, log‐transformed urine protein‐to‐creatinine ratio, history of cardiovascular disease, body mass index, and smoking status. Results: Out of the 757 known, non‐drug metabolites identified in AASK, 26 were significantly associated with net endogenous acid production at the Bonferroni threshold for significance (p<6.6 × 10‐5). Twenty‐three of the 26 metabolites were also identified in the MDRD study, and 13 of the 23 (57%) were significantly associated with net endogenous acid production (p<2.2 × 10‐3), including 5 amino acids, 2 cofactors and vitamins, 1 lipid, and 5 xenobiotics (Table). Higher levels of all 13 replicated metabolites were associated with lower levels of net endogenous acid production in both AASK and the MDRD study. Conclusion: Untargeted metabolomics of serum specimens from kidney disease patients in two study populations identified 13 replicated metabolites associated with dietary acid load. Additional studies are needed to validate these compounds in healthy populations. These 13 compounds may potentially be used as objective markers of dietary acid load in future nutrition research studies.
Clinical observation of the efficacy of MEBO in the treatment of burn patients with burn area over 50% TBSA$$$ OBJECTIVE: To observe the effectiveness of MEBO in the treatment of burn patients with burn area over 50% TBSA. METHODS: Two hundred and ninety‐eight patients hospitalized in our hospital from May of 1991 to December of 2003 with burn area over 50% TBSA, who had MEBO treatment before hospitalization, were enrolled in the study as the experiment (E) group. Another group of 300 burn patients with burn area over 50% TBSA that treated with SD‐Ag cream were enrolled in the study as the control (C) group. Bacterial culture results, major changes in injury and mortality were compared between the two groups. RESULTS: There were 1 506 bacteria strains isolated from wounds in E group, and 9 main changes in injury (1679 cases) occurred with 20.8% mortality in this group. There were 353 bacteria strains isolated, with occurrence of 9 changes in injury (518 cases) and 4.7% mortality in the SD‐Ag group. CONCLUSION: MEBO is much less effective for the treatment of the burn patients with large burn area compared with SD‐Ag cream treatment.
Nut and peanut butter intake are not directly associated with the risk of endometrial or ovarian cancer: results from a Dutch prospective cohort study$$$ Background & aims: Nut intake has been associated with reduced cancer‐related mortality and cancer risk. However, very few studies investigated the association between nut consumption and the risk of endometrial and ovarian cancer, with inconclusive results. We prospectively examined the relation between total nut, tree nut, peanut, and peanut butter intake and the risk of endometrial and ovarian cancer in the prospective Netherlands Cohort Study (NLCS). Methods: In 1986, 62,573 women aged 55–69 years were included in the NLCS. At baseline, all participants filled in a questionnaire and a subcohort of 2589 women was randomly selected. After 20.3 years of follow‐up, 389 endometrial and 347 ovarian cancer cases with complete data were included in the analysis. Hazard ratios (HRs) were calculated in multivariable‐adjusted Cox regression analyses, using a case‐cohort approach. Results: Compared to nonconsumers, the HRs (95% confidence intervals) for women consuming 10 + g total nuts/day were 1.23 (0.82–1.87) for endometrial cancer and 0.84 (0.57–1.24) for ovarian cancer. For tree nut, peanut, and peanut butter intake, also no significant relations with endometrial or ovarian cancer were observed. In the endometrial cancer analyses, significant interactions of total nut intake with body mass index and cigarette smoking status were found. Conclusions: The results of this study suggest that intake of total nuts, tree nuts, peanuts, and peanut butter is not related to the risk of endometrial or ovarian cancer. The observed interactions in the endometrial cancer analyses, in particular with cigarette smoking status, require confirmation in other studies.
Effect of high-dose isoflavones on cognition, quality of life, androgens, and lipoprotein in post-menopausal women$$$ CONTEXT: Recent interventional studies indicate that post‐menopausal hormone replacement therapy is associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular mortality and breast cancer. Isoflavones, a class of plant estrogens, have structural similarities to estradiol. Hence, isoflavones may exert beneficial estrogenic health effects in postmenopausal women with fewer adverse effects. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effect of high‐dose isoflavones on self‐reported quality of life (QOL), cognition, lipoproteins and androgen status in post‐menopausal women. DESIGN AND SUBJECTS: Double‐blind, randomized, placebo‐controlled, 12‐week trial of 93 healthy, ambulatory, post‐menopausal women (mean age 56 yr). The study was conducted at a tertiary care center in the United States. INTERVENTION: Participants were randomly assigned to receive 20 g of soy protein containing 160 mg of total isoflavones vs taste‐matched placebo (20 g whole milk protein). Both soy and the placebo were provided in the form of a powder to be mixed with beverages. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: QOL was judged by the Menopause‐specific Quality of Life (MENQOL) questionnaire while cognitive function was assessed with standard instruments. Total, free, and bioavailable testosterone, gonadotropins, SHBG, and fasting lipids were measured. RESULTS: Eighty‐four women (90%) completed the study (active=38, placebo=46). There was a significant improvement in all 4 QOL subscales (vasomotor, psychosexual, physical, and sexual) among the women taking isoflavones, while no changes were seen in the placebo group. No significant changes in cognition, serum androgens or plasma lipids were seen within any of the groups. However, at the end of the study, a group‐by‐time interaction was observed such that total testosterone and HDL levels were significantly lower in the isoflavones compared to placebo groups. CONCLUSION: High‐dose isoflavones is associated with improved QOL among women who have become menopausal recently. Hence, the timing of isoflavone supplementation with regards to the onset of menopause appears to be important. The use of isoflavones, as an alternative to estrogen therapy, may be potentially useful and seemingly safe in this group of women who are looking for relief from menopausal symptoms.
Rationale, challenges, and participants in a Phase II trial of a botanical product for chronic hepatitis C$$$ BACKGROUND: Chronic hepatitis C is associated with significant morbidity and mortality as a consequence of progression to cirrhosis, hepatocellular carcinoma, and liver failure. Current treatment for chronic hepatitis C with pegylated interferon (IFN) and ribavirin is associated with suboptimal responses and numerous adverse effects. A number of botanical products have been used to treat hepatic disorders. Silymarin, extracted from the milk thistle plant, Silybum marianum (L) Gaertn. (Asteraceae), has been most widely used for various liver disorders, including chronic hepatitis C, B, and alcoholic liver disease. However, the safety and efficacy of silymarin have not been studied systematically in chronic hepatitis C. PURPOSE: We describe our strategy for a phased approach for studying the impact of silymarin in hepatitis C, in the context of the unique challenges of botanical product clinical trials and the development of specific and curative antiviral therapy. METHODS: This multicenter, randomized, double‐masked, placebo‐controlled trial was conducted with four clinical centers and a data‐coordinating center in the United States, to assess the impact of silymarin therapy in patients with chronic hepatitis C who failed conventional antiviral therapy. RESULTS: Key aspects relevant to performing clinical trials of botanical products include early identification of an appropriate product with standard product chemistry, acquisition of pharmacokinetic and dosing information, selection of the appropriate study group, and choosing rigorous outcome variables. POTENTIAL LIMITATIONS: Trial participants were chronic hepatitis C patients who were nonsustained virologic responders to IFN‐based therapy$$$ therefore, the findings are not generalizable to all hepatitis C populations. Further, alanine aminotransferase, a biochemical liver test, rather than hepatitis viral RNA or liver histology was the primary end point. CONCLUSIONS: The challenges identified and addressed during development of this United States multicenter Phase II trial to evaluate silymarin for treatment of patients with chronic hepatitis C infection who had failed to respond successfully to previous IFN‐based therapy are common and must be addressed to conduct rigorous trials of botanical products.
Dairy products, calcium and phosphorus intake, and the risk of prostate cancer: results of the French prospective SU.VI.MAX (Supplémentation en Vitamines et Minéraux Antioxydants) study$$$ Although dairy products have been found to be associated with an elevated risk of prostate cancer, studies investigating the potential effect of Ca are limited, and findings are inconsistent. The objective of the present study was to test the relationship between the risk of prostate cancer and consumption of dairy products and Ca. The analysis included 2776 men from the French SU.VI.MAX (Supplementation en Vitamines et Minéraux Antioxydants) prospective study, among whom sixty‐nine developed prostate cancer during the follow‐up period (median: 7.7 years). Food consumption was assessed at inclusion from repeated 24 h records and nutrient intake was calculated using a food composition table. A higher risk of prostate cancer was observed among subjects with higher dairy product (relative risk (RR$$$ 95 % CI), 4th quartile v. 1st: 1.35 (1.02, 1.78), P = 0.04) and Ca intake (RR (95 % CI), 4th quartile v. 1st: 2.43 (1.05, 5.62), P = 0.04). Nevertheless, we identified a harmful effect of yoghurt consumption upon the risk of prostate cancer (RR (95 % CI), increment 125 g/d: 1.61 (1.07, 2.43), P = 0.02) independently of the Ca content. Our data support the hypothesis that dairy products have a harmful effect with respect to the risk of prostate cancer, largely related to Ca content. The higher risk of prostate cancer with linear increasing yoghurt consumption seems to be independent of Ca and may be related to some other component.
Effect of kefir on the quality of life of patients being treated for colorectal cancer$$$ PURPOSE/OBJECTIVES: To determine kefir's effect on the prevention of gastrointestinal complaints and quality of life (QOL) in patients being treated for colorectal cancer. DESIGN: Randomized, controlled, prospective, interventional study. SETTING: Istanbul University Oncology Institute in Turkey. SAMPLE: 40 patients, 20 of whom were randomized to the experimental (kefir) arm and 20 who were randomized to the control arm. METHODS: Informed consent to participate in the study was obtained. Before treatment began, demographics, illness‐related characteristics, complaints, and QOL of participants were evaluated. During treatment, side effects were evaluated one week after every cycle of therapy. QOL was evaluated after the third and sixth cycles of treatment. MAIN RESEARCH VARIABLES: The effect of kefir on the prevention of gastrointestinal complaints and QOL in patients being treated for colorectal cancer. FINDINGS: Following chemotherapy, the experimental (kefir) group had more treatment‐related gastrointestinal complaints but a decrease in sleep disturbance. No difference was found between the two groups for QOL. CONCLUSIONS: Kefir does not prevent or decrease gastrointestinal complaints in patients undergoing chemotherapy for colorectal cancer. Kefir did decrease sleep disturbances in the experimental group. IMPLICATIONS FOR NURSING: Many patients use complementary and alternative medicine during cancer therapy. This study may provide information about the effectiveness of kefir in patients with cancer.
Infant safety during and after maternal valacyclovir therapy in conjunction with antiretroviral HIV-1 prophylaxis in a randomized clinical trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Maternal administration of the acyclovir prodrug valacyclovir is compatible with pregnancy and breastfeeding. However, the safety profile of prolonged infant and maternal exposure to acyclovir in the context of antiretrovirals (ARVs) for prevention of mother‐to‐child HIV‐1 transmission (PMTCT) has not been described. METHODS: Pregnant Kenyan women co‐infected with HIV‐1/HSV‐2 with CD4 counts > 250 cells/mm(3) were enrolled at 34 weeks gestation and randomized to twice daily 500 mg valacyclovir or placebo until 12 months postpartum. Women received zidovudine from 28 weeks gestation and single dose nevirapine was given to women and infants at the time of delivery for PMTCT. Infant blood was collected at 6 weeks for creatinine and ALT. Breast milk specimens were collected at 2 weeks postpartum from 71 women in the valacyclovir arm$$$ acyclovir levels were determined for a random sample of 44 (62%) specimens. Fisher's Exact and Wilcoxon rank‐sum tests were used for analysis. RESULTS: One hundred forty‐eight women were randomized and 146 mother‐infant pairs were followed postpartum. PMTCT ARVs were administered to 98% of infants and all mothers. Valacyclovir was not associated with infant or maternal toxicities or adverse events, and no congenital malformations were observed. Infant creatinine levels were all normal (< 0.83 mg/dl) and median creatinine (median 0.50 mg/dl) and infant growth did not differ between study arms. Acyclovir was detected in 35 (80%) of 44 breast milk samples collected at 2 weeks postpartum. Median and maximum acyclovir levels were 2.62 and 10.15 mg/ml, respectively (interquartile range 0.6‐4.19). CONCLUSIONS: Exposure to PMTCT ARVs and acyclovir after maternal administration of valacyclovir during pregnancy and postpartum to women co‐infected with HIV‐1/HSV‐2 was not associated with an increase in infant or maternal toxicities or adverse events. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT00530777.
Treatment outcomes of infants with cyanotic congenital heart disease treated with synbiotics$$$ OBJECTIVES: The goal was to investigate the effect of orally administered synbiotics on outcome of infants with cyanotic congenital heart disease (CCHD). METHODS: A prospective, blinded, randomized controlled trial was conducted to evaluate the effect of synbiotics on outcome of infants with CCHD. The infants with CCHD were assigned randomly to 2 groups. Infants in the study group were given synbiotic (Bifidobacterium lactis plus inulin) added to breast milk or mixed feeding until discharge or death. Infants in the placebo group were fed with breast milk or mixed feeding. The outcome measurements were nosocomial sepsis, necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC$$$ Bell stage ≥ 2), length of NICU stay, and death. RESULTS: A total of 100 infants were enrolled in the trial: 50 in each arm. There were 9 cases of culture‐proven sepsis (18%) in the placebo group and 2 cases (4%) in the synbiotic group (P = .03). Length of NICU stay did not differ between the groups (26 [14‐36] vs 32 days [20‐44], P = .07]. There were 5 cases of NEC (10%) in the placebo group and none in the synbiotic group (P = .03). The incidence of death was lower in synbiotic group (5 [10%] of 50 vs 14 [28.0%] of 50, respectively$$$ P = .04). CONCLUSIONS: Synbiotics administered enterally to infants with CCHD might reduce the incidence of nosocomial sepsis, NEC, and death.
Radiotherapy related skin toxicity (RAREST-01): mepitel® film versus standard care in patients with locally advanced head-and-neck cancer$$$ BACKGROUND: The aim of the present trial is to investigate a new option of skin protection in order to reduce the rate of grade ≥ 2 skin toxicity in patients receiving radiotherapy alone or radiochemotherapy for locally advanced squamous cell carcinoma of the head‐and‐neck (SCCHN). METHODS / DESIGN: This is a randomized, active‐controlled, parallel‐group multi‐center trial that compares the following treatments of radiation dermatitis in patients with head‐and‐neck cancer: Mepitel® Film (Arm A) vs. standard care (Arm B). The primary aim of this trial is to investigate the rate of patients experiencing grade ≥ 2 radiation dermatitis (according to Common Toxicity Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) Version 4.03) until 50 Gy of radiotherapy. Evaluation until 50 Gy of radiotherapy has been selected as the primary endpoint, since up to 50 Gy, the irradiated volume includes the primary tumor and the bilateral cervical and supraclavicular lymph nodes, and, therefore, is similar in all patients. After 50 Gy, irradiated volumes are very individual, depending on location and size of the primary tumor, involvement of lymph nodes, and the treatment approach (definitive vs. adjuvant). In addition, the following endpoints will be evaluated: Time to grade 2 radiation dermatitis until 50 Gy of radiotherapy, rate of patients experiencing grade ≥ 2 radiation dermatitis during radio(chemo)therapy, rate of patients experiencing grade ≥ 3 skin toxicity during radio(chemo)therapy, adverse events, quality of life, and dermatitis‐related pain. Administration of Mepitel® Film will be considered to be clinically relevant, if the rate of grade ≥ 2 radiation dermatitis can be reduced from 85% to 65%. DISCUSSION: If administration of Mepitel® Film instead of standard care will be able to significantly reduce the rate of grade ≥ 2 radiation dermatitis, it could become the new standard of skin care in patients irradiated for SCCHN. TRIAL REGISTRATION: clinicaltrials.gov NCT03047174 . Registered on 26th of January, 2017. First patient included on 9th of May, 2017.
93TiP MERMAID-2: phase III study of durvalumab in patients with resected, stage II-III NSCLC who become MRD+ after curative-intent therapy$$$ Background: In patients with resected, stage II‐III NSCLC, the 5‐year disease‐free survival (DFS) rate with SoC adjuvant chemotherapy is 40%. Despite advances with immunotherapy (IO) in the metastatic setting, overall survival (OS) rates for patients with recurrence remain low. Detection of minimal residual disease (MRD), as indicated by circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA), may indicate the presence of clinically indiscernible residual tumor following curative‐intent therapy and enable earlier therapeutic intervention, thereby improving outcomes in patients at highest risk of recurrence. In the phase III PACIFIC trial, consolidation durvalumab improved survival outcomes in patients with unresectable, stage III NSCLC without detectable disease progression after curative‐intent chemoradiotherapy (Antonia, 2018), suggesting MRD is vulnerable to additional therapy, particularly IO, a concept supported by recent data in MRD+ patients (Moding, 2020). MERMAID‐2 will assess the efficacy and safety of durvalumab, versus placebo, in patients with resected, stage II‐III NSCLC who become MRD+ after curative‐intent therapy. Trial design: MERMAID‐2 (NCT04642469) is a global, phase III, double‐blind multicenter study that is currently recruiting patients. Patients with histologically confirmed EGFR/ALK wild‐type stage II‐III NSCLC who have completed curative‐intent therapy (complete resection + optional neoadjuvant and/or adjuvant therapy) will be enrolled in a 96‐week surveillance period. During this period, patients will be monitored regularly for MRD emergence via ctDNA analysis of plasma samples, based on personalized MRD panels. Patients who become MRD+ during the surveillance period will be further evaluated to confirm eligibility (no disease recurrence visible on imaging$$$ known PD‐L1 status) and 284 MRD+ patients will be randomized 1:1 to receive durvalumab 1500 mg IV or placebo q4w, up to 24 months or until investigator‐assessed disease recurrence. The primary endpoint is DFS in patients with PD–L1 tumor cell expression ≥1%. Secondary endpoints include DFS in the full analysis set, progression‐free survival, OS, time to subsequent therapy, patient‐reported outcomes, and safety. Clinical trial identification: NCT04642469. Editorial acknowledgement: Medical writing support, which was in accordance with Good Publication Practice (GPP3) guidelines, was provided by Andrew Gannon and Connor Keating of Cirrus Communications (New York, NY), an Ashfield company, and was funded by AstraZeneca. Legal entity responsible for the study: AstraZeneca. Funding: AstraZeneca. Disclosure: D.R. Spigel: Research grant/Funding (institution), Conduct of clinical trials and consultancy: AstraZeneca/BMS/Celgene/EMD Serono/Roche/Genetech/GSK/Ipsen/Novartis/Takeda$$$ Research grant/Funding (institution), Conduct of clinical trials: Aeglea Biotherapeutics/Agios/Astellas Pharma/ BIND Therapeutics/Celldex Therapeutics/Clovis/ Daiichi Sankyo/Eisai/Eli Lilly/ G1 Therapeutics/GRAIL$$$ Research grant/Funding (institution), Conduct of clinical trials: ImClone Systems/Janssen/MedImmune/Merck/ Nektar Therapeutics/ Neon Therapeutics/Tesaro/ Transgene/UT Southwestern/Cyteir Therapeutics/ Apollomics/Elevation Oncology$$$ Research grant/Funding (institution), Payment to institution for consulting services: Aptitude Health/Bayer/Dracen Pharmaceuticals/Exelixis/Iksuda Therapeutics/ Intellisphere/ Jazz Pharmaceuticals/ Mirati Therapeutics/ Molecular Templates /Puma Biotechnology. S. Peters: Advisory/Consultancy, Personal fees (advisory board and honorarium): AbbVie/Amgen/AstraZeneca/Bayer/Biocartis/Boehringer Ingelheim/Bristol‐Myers Squibb/Clovis/Daiichi Sankyo/ Debiopharm/Eli Lilly/F, Hoffman‐La Roche/Foundation Medicine/Illumina/Janssen/MSD/Merck Serono/ Merrimack/Novartis$$$ Advisory/Consultancy, Personal fees (advisory board and honorarium): Pharma Mar/ Pfizer/Regeneron/Bioinvent/Sanofi/Seattle Genetics and Takeda$$$ Speaker Bureau/Expert testimony, Personal fees (talks and honorarium): AstraZeneca/Boehringer Ingelheim/ Bristol‐Myers Squibb/Eli Lilly/F. Hoffmann la Roche/MSD/Novartis/Pfizer/Takeda/Sanofi$$$ Research grant/Funding (self), Non‐financial support for clinical trial investigation: Amgen/AstraZeneca/Boehringer Ingelheim/ Bristol‐Myers Squibb/Clovis/F. Hoffmann‐La Roche/Illumina/MSD/Merck Serono/Novartis /Pfizer. M. Tsuboi: Advisory/Consultancy, Personal fees for advisory boards and lectures: AstraZeneca KK/Chugai Pharmaceutical/MSD$$$ Advisory/Consultancy, Personal fees for advisory boards: Novartis$$$ Research grant/Funding (self), Personal fees for lectures: Medtronic Japan/ONO Pharmaceutical/Johnson & Johnson Japan/Eli Lilly Japan/Bristol‐Myers Squibb KK/Teijin Pharma/Taiho Pharma$$$ Research grant/Funding (institution), Research funding: Boehringer Ingelheim Japan$$$ Research grant/Funding (institution), Commissioned research for clinical trials: MSD/AstraZeneca KK/ONO Pharmaceutical/ Bristol‐Myers Squibb KK/Eli Lilly Japan. J. Chaft: Advisory/Consultancy: AstraZeneca/Bristol‐Myers Squibb/Genentech/Flame Biosciences/Merck. D. Harpole: Speaker Bureau/Expert testimony: AstraZeneca$$$ Advisory/Consultancy: AstraZeneca/Medtronic. F. Barlesi: Research grant/Funding (self), Personal fees: AstraZeneca/Bayer/Bristol‐Myers Squibb/Boehringer Ingelheim/Eli Lilly Oncology$$$ Research grant/Funding (self), Personal fees: F. Hoffmann–La Roche Ltd/Novartis/Merc/MSD/Pierre Fabre/Pfizer/Takeda. C. Abbosh: Advisory/Consultancy: AstraZeneca$$$ Speaker Bureau/Expert testimony: Bristol‐Myers Squibb$$$ Research grant/Funding (self), Contracted/support research grant: AstraZeneca$$$ Research grant/Funding (institution), Current AstraZeneca Physician Fellow (grant to University College London): AstraZeneca$$$ Licensing/Royalties, Royalty/intellectual property/patent holder ‐ author on two pending patents: AstraZeneca. H. Mann: Full/Part‐time employment: AstraZeneca. R. May: Full/Part‐time employment: AstraZeneca. P.A. Dennis: Full/Part‐time employment: AstraZeneca$$$ Shareholder/Stockholder/Stock options: AstraZeneca. C. Swanton: Honoraria (self), Research grant/Funding (self), Chief Investigator for the MeRmaiD1 clinical trial: AstraZeneca$$$ Advisory/Consultancy, Chief Investigator for the MeRmaiD1 clinical trial: AstraZeneca$$$ Honoraria (self), Research grant/Funding (self): Bristol‐Myers Squibb$$$ Honoraria (self), Research grant/Funding (self): Pfizer$$$ Honoraria (self), Research grant/Funding (self): Roche‐Ventana$$$ Honoraria (self), Research grant/Funding (self): Ono Pharmaceutical$$$ Research grant/Funding (self), collaboration in minimal residual disease sequencing technologies: Archer Dx Inc$$$ Research grant/Funding (self): Boehringer Ingelheim$$$ Honoraria (self): Novartis$$$ Honoraria (self): GSK$$$ Honoraria (self): Celgene$$$ Honoraria (self): MSD$$$ Honoraria (self): Illumina$$$ Honoraria (self): Genentech$$$ Honoraria (self): Sarah Cannon Research Institute$$$ Honoraria (self): Medixci$$$ Honoraria (self): Bicycle Therapeutics$$$ Shareholder/Stockholder/Stock options: GRAIL$$$ Shareholder/Stockholder/Stock options: Apogen Biotechnologies$$$ Shareholder/Stockholder/Stock options: Epic Biosciences$$$ Honoraria (self), Shareholder/Stockholder/Stock options: Achilles Therapeutics$$$ Intellectual property [patents issued]: Assay technology to detect tumour recurrence (PCT/GB2017/053289), Targeting neoantigens (PCT/EP2016/059401), Identifying patient response to immune checkpoint blockade (PCT/EP2016/071471), Determining HLA LOH (PCT/GB2018/052004), Predicting survival rates of patients with cancer (PCT/GB2020/050221), Identifying patients who respond to cancer treatment (PCT/GB2018/051912), Detecting tumour mutations (PCT/US2017/28013), Insertion/deletion mutation targets (PCT/GB2018/051892)$$$ Other: Charles Swanton is Royal Society Napier Research Professor (RP150154). His work is supported by the Francis Crick Institute, which receives its core funding from Cancer Research UK (FC001169), the UK Medical Research Council (FC001169) and the Wellcome Trust (FC001169). For the purpose of Open Access, the author has applied a CC BY public copyright licence to any Author Accepted Manuscript version arising from this submission. Charles Swanton is funded by Cancer Research UK (TRACERx, PEACE and CRUK Cancer Immunotherapy Catalyst Network), Cancer Research UK Lung Cancer Centre of Excellence, the Rosetrees Trust, Butterfield and Stoneygate Trusts, NovoNordisk Foundation (ID16584), Royal Society Research Professorship Enhancement Award (RP/EA/180007), the NIHR BRC at University College London Hospitals, the CRUK‐UCL Centre, Experimental Cancer Medicine Centre and the Breast Cancer Research Foundation, USA (BCRF). His research is supported by a Stand Up To Cancer‐LUNGevity‐American Lung Association Lung Cancer Interception Dream Team Translational Research Grant (SU2C‐AACR‐DT23–17). Stand Up To Cancer is a programme of the Entertainment Industry Foundation. Research grants are administered by the American Association for Cancer Research, the Scientific Partner of SU2C. Charles Swanton also receives funding from the European Research Council (ERC) under the European Union's Seventh Framework Programme (FP7/2007–2013) Consolidator Grant (FP7‐THESEUS‐617844), European Commission ITN (FP7‐PloidyNet 607722), an ERC Advanced Grant (PROTEUS) from the European Research Council under the European Union's Horizon 2020 research and innovation programme (835297) and Chromavision from the European Union's Horizon 2020 research and innovation programme (665233). All other authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
Natural antioxidant ice-cream acutely reduces blood pressure and improves vascular function in patients with metabolic syndrome$$$ Objective: Epidemiological investigations revealed an inverse correlation between the intake of polyphenols‐containing foods and coronary artery disease mortality.A large number of studies has investigated the possible blood pressure (BP) lowering effect of different dietary supplements. We hypothesized that a natural antioxidant ice cream, product with a selected blend of cocoa, hazelnut and other ingredients from organic farming, could improve vascular function and decrease blood pressure in sample of patients with metabolic syndrome via an oxidative stress‐mediated mechanism. Design and method: We performed a single blind crossover study in which we measured the acute effect of natural antioxidant ice cream, on vascular function and blood pressure in a population of patient with metabolic syndrome. 10 subjects (5 male, 5 female), mean age 56 years, were randomly allocated to a treatment sequence with 100 mg of antioxidant ice cream or milk ice cream in a cross‐over, single‐blind design. Total polyphenol content(mg/100 g) was significantly higher in antioxidant ice cream compared to milk ice cream(control (1817 vs 96). There was at least 1 week washout between the 2 phases of the study. Oxidative stress(assessed by measuring plasma hydroperoxides, analytic method dROMs), Nitric oxide (NO) bioavailability (NOx), vascular function (flow mediated dilatation, FMD) and blood pressure were assessed at baseline, after a 24 hours abstinence from food rich in polyphenols, and 2 hours after ingestion of ice cream. Results: Serum polyphenols (139,28 ± 28,32 vs 288,57 ± 58,12.p < 0.001), NOx (23,34 ± 5,24 vs 48,24 ± 8,66.p < 0.001), FMD (2,34 ± 1,46 vs 6,43 ± 1,86.p < 0.001) increased significantly, oxidative stress (D‐Roms 426,27 ± 49,03 vs 378,85 ± 38,12.p < 0.01$$$), and systolic (‐7,17 ± 4,67 mm/Hg. p < 0.001) and diastolic (‐5,48 ± 3,92 mm/Hg. p < 0.001)blood pressure decreased only after antioxidant ice cream ingestion. No changes were found after control ice cream ingestion. Conclusions: For the first time, a natural antioxidant ice cream rich in polyphenols was demonstrated to acutely improve vascular function and decrease blood pressure in patients with metabolic syndrome through a reduction of oxidative stress and increase of NO bioavailability. This may be a novel valuable strategy for BP lowering in the high‐normal range in which current hypertension management guidelines do not recommend drug treatment.
Effects of 12 weeks of treatment with fermented milk on blood pressure, glucose metabolism and markers of cardiovascular risk in patients with type 2 diabetes: a randomised double-blind placebo-controlled study$$$ OBJECTIVE: Studies have indicated a blood pressure (BP)‐lowering effect of milk‐derived peptides in non‐diabetic individuals, but the cardiometabolic effects of such peptides in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D) are not known. We investigated the effect of milk fermented with Lactobacillus helveticus on BP, glycaemic control and cardiovascular risk factors in T2D. DESIGN: A randomised, double‐blinded, prospective, placebo‐controlled study. METHODS: In one arm of a factorial study design, 41 patients with T2D were randomised to receive 300 ml milk fermented with L. helveticus (Cardi04 yogurt) (n=23) or 300 ml artificially acidified milk (placebo yogurt) (n=18) for 12 weeks. BPs were measured over 24‐h, and blood samples were collected in the fasting state and during a meal test before and after the intervention. RESULTS: Cardi04 yogurt did not reduce 24‐h, daytime or nighttime systolic or diastolic BPs compared with placebo (P>0.05). Daytime and 24‐h heart rate (HR) were significantly reduced in the group treated by Cardi04 yogurt compared with the placebo group (P<0.05 for both). There were no differences in HbA1c, plasma lipids, C‐reactive protein, plasminogen activator inhibitor‐1, tumour necrosis factor alpha, tissue‐type plasminogen activator: Ag, and von Willebrand factor: Ag between the groups. The change in fasting blood glucose concentration differed significantly between the two groups with a larger increase in the placebo group (P<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Ingestion of milk fermented with L. helveticus compared with placebo for 12 weeks did not significantly reduce BP in patients with T2D. Our finding of lower HRs and fasting plasma glucose levels in T2D patients during ingestion of fermented milk needs further validation.
Randomized controlled study of probiotics containing Lactobacillus casei (Shirota strain) for prevention of ventilator-associated pneumonia$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the efficacy ofprobiotics, Lactobacillus casei (Shirvta strain), in reducing the incidence ofventilator‐ associated pneumonia (VAP) in medical patients who received mechanical ventilation at Siriraj Hospital. MATERIAL AND METHOD: A prospective, randomized, open‐label controlled trial was conducted in 150 adult hospitalized patients in medical wards who were expected to receive mechanical ventilation for 72 hours or longer: The patients were randomized to the probiotics group or the control group. All patients received regular care for mechanical ventilation. The patients in the probiotics group received 80 ml of Lactobacillus casei (Shirota strain) for oral care after having standard oral care once daily and additional 80 ml of the aforementionedfermented dairy product was given via enteralfeeding once daily. The primary outcomes were incidence of VAP and incidence rate of VAP episodes per 1,000 ventilator‐days. The secondary outcomes were length ofhospital stay, mortality at day 28 and 90, incidence ofdiarrhea, andpresence of resistant bacteria in oropharyngeal and rectal swab samples taken from the patients at baseline, day 7 and day 28 after enrollment. RESULTS: The baseline characteristics of the patients in the probiotics group (75) and the control group (75) were not significantly different. The patients in the probiotics group were less likely to develop VAP compared with the control group (24% vs. 29.3%, p = 0.46), respectively. The incidence rates of VAP in the probiotics and control groups were 22.64 and 30.22 episodes per 1,000 ventilator‐days, respectively (p = 0.37). A trend of lower prevalence of some resistant bacteria cultured from oropharyngeal swabs in the probiotics group than that in the control group was observed. Overall 28‐ and 90‐day mortality and length of hospital stay of the patients in both groups were not significantly different. CONCLUSION: Administration of probiotics containing Lactobacillus casei (Shirota strain) has a tendency to reduce the incidence of VAP and colonization with resistant bacteria in oropharyngeal cavity without significant effects on mortality and length of hospital stay.
Targeted medical nutrition for cachexia in NSCLC: a randomized, controlled trial$$$ Background: Cachexia is a complex metabolic syndrome associated with an accelerated decline in physical function, impaired health‐related quality of life (HRQoL) and premature mortality in patients with non‐small‐cell lung cancer (NSCLC). This double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, randomized trial evaluated the safety and efficacy of targeted medical nutrition (TMN) in (pre‐)cachectic patients with NSCLC. Methods: Patients receiving first‐line chemotherapy for NSCLC with involuntary weight loss or low BMI were randomized 1:1 to receive TMN (∼200 kcal$$$ 10 g whey protein$$$ > 2.0 g eicosapentaenoic acid‐/docosahexaenoic acid‐containing fish oil$$$ and 10 μg 25‐hydroxy‐vitamin D3) or a milk‐based isocaloric comparator (∼200 kcal$$$ sunflower oil in place of fish oil$$$ no vitamin D3) twice daily for 12 weeks (http://clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT02515032). Primary safety endpoints included number and type of adverse events and changes in vital signs and laboratory parameters. Secondary efficacy endpoints included changes in body weight, body composition, exercise capacity, inflammatory and metabolic biomarkers and HRQoL. Chemotherapyrelated outcomes were exploratory endpoints. Statistical analyses were performed for the full analysis set and a predefined per protocol set (study completers with >70% compliance). Results: Fifty‐five patients were randomized to receive TMN (n = 26$$$ mean 64.4 ± 7.7 years) or isocaloric comparator (n = 29$$$ mean 66.0 ± 8.0 years). TMN was well tolerated$$$ the TMN group experienced fewer adverse events (64 vs 87), including fewer cases of neutropenia (0 vs 4), than the comparator group. Heart rate decreased from baseline in the TMN group and increased in the comparator group in highly compliant patients at week 12 (p < 0.05). Triglyceride levels also decreased in the TMN group and increased in the comparator group in the per protocol patients (‐0.28 mmol/ L vs +0.43 mmol/L$$$ p = 0.0027). Body weight increased to a similar extent in both groups and body composition remained similar. The omega‐3:omega‐6 ratio and vitamin D3 levels were higher in the TMN versus the comparator group at study end (both p < 0.0002). There were no other significant differences between the groups, including in chemotherapyrelated outcomes of tumour size, dose‐limiting toxicity and dose reductions. Conclusions: TMN is well tolerated in (pre‐)cachectic patients with NSCLC. Both study groups gained weight, and TMN had an additional positive impact on vital signs and lipid profiles. In addition, this study showed signs of improved chemotherapy tolerability in the TMN group. Thus, TMN could be beneficial for the nutritional support of lung cancer patients receiving chemotherapy.
Effect of dietary sources of calcium and protein on hip fractures and falls in older adults in residential care: cluster randomised controlled trial$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess the antifracture efficacy and safety of a nutritional intervention in institutionalised older adults replete in vitamin D but with mean intakes of 600 mg/day calcium and <1 g/kg body weight protein/day. DESIGN: Two year cluster randomised controlled trial. SETTING: 60 accredited residential aged care facilities in Australia housing predominantly ambulant residents. PARTICIPANTS: 7195 permanent residents (4920 (68%) female$$$ mean age 86.0 (SD 8.2) years). INTERVENTION: Facilities were stratified by location and organisation, with 30 facilities randomised to provide residents with additional milk, yoghurt, and cheese that contained 562 (166) mg/day calcium and 12 (6) g/day protein achieving a total intake of 1142 (353) mg calcium/day and 69 (15) g/day protein (1.1 g/kg body weight). The 30 control facilities maintained their usual menus, with residents consuming 700 (247) mg/day calcium and 58 (14) g/day protein (0.9 g/kg body weight). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Group differences in incidence of fractures, falls, and all cause mortality. RESULTS: Data from 27 intervention facilities and 29 control facilities were analysed. A total of 324 fractures (135 hip fractures), 4302 falls, and 1974 deaths were observed. The intervention was associated with risk reductions of 33% for all fractures (121 v 203$$$ hazard ratio 0.67, 95% confidence interval 0.48 to 0.93$$$ P=0.02), 46% for hip fractures (42 v 93$$$ 0.54, 0.35 to 0.83$$$ P=0.005), and 11% for falls (1879 v 2423$$$ 0.89, 0.78 to 0.98$$$ P=0.04). The risk reduction for hip fractures and falls achieved significance at five months (P=0.02) and three months (P=0.004), respectively. Mortality was unchanged (900 v 1074$$$ hazard ratio 1.01, 0.43 to 3.08). CONCLUSIONS: Improving calcium and protein intakes by using dairy foods is a readily accessible intervention that reduces the risk of falls and fractures commonly occurring in aged care residents. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry ACTRN12613000228785.
COMPARING THE BENEFITS OF A PAINLESS LANCING DEVICE IN PEOPLE WITH DIABETES IN IMPROVING SELF-MONITORING FREQUENCY AND HBA1C$$$ Background and Aims: Pricking of fingertips has always been an impediment in periodic blood glucose monitoring. We compared the benefits of Genteel, a vacuum‐based lancing device, in PWD in improving the self‐monitoring frequency and HbA1c. Methods: An open‐label, 24‐week cross over trial where PWD were matched using propensity score and randomly allocated to GC or CG arm (G‐ Genteel$$$ C‐ Conventional). GC exclusively used Genteel for 12 weeks, and then switched to the conventional method of SMBG for additional 12 weeks, and vice versa for CG. A total of 110 patients, including 58 T1D and 52 T2D, were recruited. Both arms were provided with the same glucometer. CG arm used the lancet and lancing device which they were using prior to randomization and GC used Butterfly lancets during the first 3 months. Reduction in HbA1c, %SMBG adherence over 24‐weeks and subjective assessment of pain were assessed. Results: Data from 110 patients (58 T1D and 52 T2D) showed a significant reduction in HbA1c (p < 0.05), improved SMBG adherence in T2D (P < 0.05) and reported reduction in pain (P < 0.05) after using Genteel. A significant number of patients (p < 0.05) also reported that they will continue to use Genteel lancing device in the future [Table1]. Conclusions: This advanced lancing device has helped manage the limitations of conventional lancing devices. T2D showed significant increase in SMBG adherence and HbA1c reduction using genteel than conventional device compared to T1D. Percentage reduction of pain and probability of using genteel in both T1D and T2D was approximately same while probability of using conventional device was comparatively less. (Figure Presented).
Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension diet retains effectiveness to reduce blood pressure when lean pork is substituted for chicken and fish as the predominant source of protein$$$ BACKGROUND: Hypertension is a major, modifiable risk factor for cardiovascular and kidney disease and premature mortality that is improved by the DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) diet. The DASH diet emphasizes increased consumption of fruit and vegetables, whole grains, low‐fat dairy, nuts, and poultry and fish and reduced intakes of fats, red meats (including pork), sodium, and added sugars. OBJECTIVE: We sought to evaluate whether the consumption of lean pork compared with the consumption of chicken and fish as the predominant protein source in a DASH‐style diet affected blood pressure (BP) control in men and women with elevated BP. DESIGN: In a randomized crossover study, 13 women and 6 men [mean ± SEM age: 61 ± 2 y$$$ BMI (in kg/m²): 31.2 ± 1.4] with elevated BP [systolic blood pressure (SBP)/diastolic blood pressure (DBP): 130 ± 2/85 ± 2 mm Hg] consumed a DASH‐style diet for two 6‐wk controlled dietary interventions (with a 4‐wk diet washout between interventions) with either lean pork [DASH diet with pork (DASH‐P)] or chicken and fish [DASH diet with chicken and fish (DASH‐CF), the control diet] as the major protein source (55% of total protein intake). SBP and DBP were measured manually and with a 24‐h BP monitoring system on 3 d before and 3 d at the end of each diet intervention. RESULTS: Preintervention manual BP (DASH‐P: 130/84 ± 2/1 mm Hg$$$ DASH‐CF: 129/84 ± 2/1 mg Hg) and postintervention manual BP (DASH‐P: 122/79 ± 2/1 mm Hg$$$ DASH‐CF: 123/78 ± 3/1) were not different between the DASH‐P and DASH‐CF. Consumption of these DASH‐style diets for 6 wk reduced all measures of BP (P < 0.05) with no differences in responses between the DASH‐CF and DASH‐P. CONCLUSION: The results indicate that adults with elevated BP may effectively incorporate lean pork into a DASH‐style diet for BP reduction.
Impact of nutritional intervention in the control of blood pressure and metabolic levels in hypertensive patients in primary health care in São Luís - MA$$$ Hypertension is one of the leading causes of morbidity and mortality in Brazil. Hypertensive patients often have unfavorable lipid profile and glucose level. Nutrition may play an important role in reducing blood pressure (BP) and metabolic control of these patients. Objective: To evaluate the impact of nutritional intervention adapted to the Brazilian food in controlling blood pressure and metabolic monitoring in hypertensive patients from a primary care service in São Luís do Maranhão. Methodology: Randomized clinical trial using a low‐glycemic index diet combined with increased consumption of fruits, vegetables, whole grains and nonfat dairy products which principles of the Dietary Approach to Stop Hypertension (DASH). We randomly assigned 206 patients with hypertension who were followed for 6 months. The control group (CG, n = 101) received standard counseling, focused on reducing salt intake. Results: Of the 206 patients randomized, 156 (37 men, 119 women) completed the study. The average age of participants was 60.1 (SD 12.9) years. After 6 months, a reduction in mean systolic blood pressure (SBP) by 14.4 mmHg and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) by 9.7 mmHg in the experimental group (EG), compared to 6.7 mmHg and 4.6 mmHg, respectively GC. After adjusting for change in body weight at baseline BP and age, these differences between groups were approximately 9,2 mmHg and 6,2 mmHg, respectively. There were also statistically significant variability in urinary sodium excretion, reduced by 43.4 mEq/24 h at GE, as well as total cholesterol (‐46.6mg/dl), LDL cholesterol (‐42.5mg/dl), triglycerides (‐31.3 mg / dl), fasting glucose (‐9.6mg/dl) and glycated hemoglobin (‐0.1%). The EG increased the intake of vegetables, from 2.97 to 5.85$$$ fruits (4,09 to 7.18), beans (1.94 to 3.13) and fish (1.80 to 2.74).Significant changes related to the significant reduction of carbohydrate, lipid content and glycemic load of the diet have been observed. Conclusion: This study...(AU)
Colostrum supplementation with n-3 fatty acids does not alter calf outcome on a healthy commercial farm$$$ Our objective was to supplement colostrum with n‐3 fatty acids (FA) to provide anti‐inflammatory mediators that may improve the immune response of neonatal calves. Elevated markers of inflammation have been associated with increased occurrence of calf disease in early life, thus decreasing animal productivity. We hypothesized that a colostrum supplement containing 60‐mL of a 1:1 ratio fish:flaxseed oil blend with or without 200 mg of α‐tocopherol might provide an advantageous start to early life by decreasing oxidative stress and regulating the inflammatory response. Calves were blocked by birth order and randomly assigned to 1 of 3 treatments: no supplement added to colostrum (control), 60 mL of 1:1 fish:flaxseed oil blend, and 60 mL of 1:1 fish:flaxseed oil blend with 200 mg of α‐tocopherol. In total, 180 heifer calves (n = 60 per treatment) were enrolled on a commercial farm. After colostrum feeding, all calves were housed in individual hutches and fed milk replacer 3 times per day. Health was scored 3 times per week until weaning at 8 wk of age. Weight, wither height, and heart girth were measured after birth, 3 wk, and 8 wk of age to assess preweaning growth. A subgroup of 54 calves (18 blocks or 18 calves per treatment) were sampled 2 d (± 8 h) after birth to evaluate oxidant status, serum total protein, and inflammatory gene and cytokine protein expression in blood after an in vitro lipopolysaccharide (LPS) challenge as indicators of health and immunity. At 9 wk, calves were transported 18 h to another farm, and medical records were kept as an indicator of disease incidence up to 13 wk of age. Calf mortality was 1.8%, which is below industry average, and exceptional health scores were observed throughout the study. Health scores and growth were similar throughout the preweaning period regardless of treatment. Serum total protein indicated successful passive transfer in all calves, and oxidant status index was not affected by treatments on d 2 of age. Concentrations of tumor necrosis factor α increased with LPS stimulation, but the increase was not altered by treatment. Likewise, leukocyte gene expression of tumor necrosis factor α, IL‐8 and IL‐10, and cyclooxygenase‐2 increased upon LPS stimulation, but the fold change did not differ with treatment. In conclusion, 60 mL of 1:1 ratio fish:flaxseed oil colostrum supplement did not enhance preweaning calf performance. Supplementing n‐3 FA in a one‐time meal may not provide the anti‐inflammatory benefits observed with continuous feeding.
Carbohydrate modified diet and insulin sensitizers reduced android to gynoid fat ratio at 12 months in empowir (enhance the metabolic profile of women with insulin resistance): a double blind, placebo controlled randomized trial of normoglycemic women with midlife weight gain (NCT00618072)$$$ INTRODUCTION Android obesity is a major determinant of insulin resistance, metabolic syndrome (MS), and cardiovascular disease, whereas gynoid adiposity lowers these risks. Android to gynoid fat ratio (A/G ratio), an important new index of adiposity, is easily measured by DXA, providing precise, accurate assessment of these critical regions of interest.(1) A/G ratio is the best correlate of markers of MS in cross‐sectional studies of children,(2) and young adults,(3) and the strongest independent predictor of MS,(4) incident myocardial infarction,(5) and mortality in women(6) in longitudinal analyses. A/G ratio has not been evaluated in clinical trials of high risk females. METHODS EMPOWIR was a double‐blind, placebo controlled, 12‐month (12m) trial of women with >20lb midlife weight gain, normal glucose tolerance, and increased Area‐under‐the‐curve insulin.(7) Subjects attended 4 nutrition workshops to introduce the carbohydrate modified diet (CMD), (45‐50% carbohydrates, 30‐35% protein, and 15‐20% fat), a food exchange program, promoting increased intake of vegetables, low glycemic index fruits, low‐fat protein & dairy products, elimination of free sugars, and notable restriction of 3 additional carbohydrates (starches) to after 4PM. Participants were then randomized to CMD with metformin (M) or with metformin + rosiglitazone (MR) for 12 months, or to CMD alone for 6 months, with re‐randomization to active treatment for months 7‐12. Baseline and 12m body composition were measured by GE Lunar Prodigy DXA and reviewed by a single observer, with A/G ratio as previously defined.(1,4,8‐10). Total adiponectin was measured with a commercial ELISA kit (Millipore/Linco) in the laboratory of Dr. Philipp Scherer. Paired t‐tests were used to compare mean A/G ratios at baseline and 12m in 27 of 32 study completers (46.7± 6.5 years, BMI 30.8±2.8kg/m2 , 50% white) with available data. Multiple regression was used to assess the relationship of 12‐month A/G ratio with %‐ change in total adiponectin (Adp), race, baseline BMI, age, and initial treatment assignment (SPSS 22). RESULTS. Mean 12 month A/G ratio declined significantly in D and M arms (.986±.075 to .923±.098 (P= 011) and .961±.062 to .914±.091 (P= 018), and .974±.006 to .904±.150 (P= 0.007) in the total group. % change in Adp was the single best predictor of 12‐month A/G ratio, B = ‐ 0.001, R2 = .190, P=0.033, with no significant change after adjustment for included covariates. CONCLUSIONS We believethis is the first demonstration of reduction in A/G ratio in high risk women and suggest the EMPOWIR interventions merit additional investigation in larger scale long term studies.
Carbohydrate modified diet and insulin sensitizers decrease visceral adipose tissue at 12 months in empowir (enhance the metabolic profile of women with insulin resistance (NCT00618071)$$$ a randomized clinical trial of women with midlife weight gain and hyperinsulinemia$$$ BACKGROUND Progressive midlife weight gain is associated with diabetes(1) and all‐cause mortality(2) and preventive interventions targeting high risk populations are critically needed. We previously reported that Carbohydrate Modified Diet (CMD) and insulin sensitizers reduced body weight and modulated Metabolic Syndrome measures at 6‐months in EMPOWIR (Enhance the Metabolic Profile of Women with Insulin Resistance), a 3‐phase, 3‐arm, double‐blind, placebo controlled trial of normoglycemic, hyerinsulinemic women with midlife weight gain.(3) The trial, NCT00618072 was conducted to test the hypotheses that progressive midlife weight gain represents an early manifestation of insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia and strategies to decrease insulin elevations will improve body composition (BC) and attenuate risks of diabetes and related comorbidities. DXA is widely used to assess fat compartments in clinical trials.(4) Accordingly, android, fat measured from the rib cage to the iliac crest, is an accepted surrogate measure of Visceral adipose tissue (VAT) whereas gynoid, fat measured from iliac crest to mid femur, is considered a marker of non‐metabolically adverse fat.(5) METHODS Subjects meeting inclusion criteria: age 35‐55$$$ 20lb weight gain$$$ increased glucose‐mediated AUC‐insulin, and normal GTT, attended 4 weekly nutrition workshops (Phase 1) at 2 study sites to introduce the CMD: a food exchange program (40% carbohydrates‐40% protein‐20% fat) promoting increased intake of vegetables, low‐glycemic index fruits, low‐fat protein & dairy products, elimination of free sugars, & notable restriction of 3 additional carbohydrates (starches) to after 4PM. Participants were then randomized to 1 of 3 arms: CMD+metformin (M) 2000mg/day for 12 months$$$ CMD+metformin & 2 mg rosiglitazone (R) for 12 months$$$ or CMD alone for 6 months (Phase 2), with re‐randomization to 1 of the 2 active treatment arms for months 7‐12 (Phase 3). Body Composition (BC) was measured by GE Lunar Prodigy DXA at baseline and 12 months following randomization. Paired t‐tests (SPSS 22) were used to compare means in 27 of 32 study completers with available data. RESULTS Mean % total fat, % trunk fat, and % android fat decreased significantly from baseline to 12 months, respectively: 46.83±6.69 to 44.00± 7.90, P= .026, 48.00±6.73 to 45.19±8.38 P=.007, and 51.64±6.60 to 47.65±9.18, P=.001. In contrast, % gynoid fat was unchanged: 53.07±6.42 to 52.91±6.76, P= .894. DISCUSSION This pilot data suggests that the EMPOWIR diet independently, and in combination with metformin improved android and trunk fat, reported surrogate measures of VAT(4) and insulin resistance (5), in a diverse sample of normoglycemic, hyperinsulinemic midlife women. CONCLUSIONS Effective, easily implemented dietary interventions and pharmacotherapies could have important clinical and public health implications and merit additional study.
Postprandial lipemia in subjects with the threonine 54 variant of the fatty acid-binding protein 2 gene is dependent on the type of fat ingested$$$ BACKGROUND: The alanine‐for‐threonine substitution at codon 54 (A54T polymorphism) in the fatty acid‐binding protein 2 gene (FABP2) has been associated with hypertriglyceridemia and insulin resistance. Obese and diabetic T54 carriers have greater postprandial lipemia than do A54 homozygotes. The T54 protein isoform is also associated with increased triacylglycerol secretion in vitro. OBJECTIVE: We investigated diet‐gene interactions by measuring postprandial lipids, glucose, insulin, and C‐peptide in healthy, nonobese A54 homozygotes and T54 carriers after ingestion of 3 different fats. DESIGN: Eleven A54 homozygotes and 11 T54 carriers were given 3 oral‐fat‐tolerance tests (butter, safflower oil, and olive oil). Cholesterol and triacylglycerol were measured in plasma and in chylomicron fractions. RESULTS: There was no main effect of FABP2 genotype for chylomicron triacylglycerol, glucose, or C‐peptide. The area under the insulin curve and the ratio of insulin to C‐peptide were lower in T54 carriers than in A54 homozygotes [312 +/‐ 29 ( +/‐ SEM) compared with 425 +/‐ 31 pmol. h/L (P = 0.05) and 0.23 +/‐ 0.03 compared with 0.40 +/‐ 0.05 (P = 0.04), respectively], which suggests greater hepatic insulin clearance in T54 carriers. An association between genotype and chylomicron cholesterol was seen only after olive oil: values were higher (P = 0.02) in T54 carriers (0.087 +/‐ 0.006 mmol. h/L) than in A54 homozygotes (0.058 +/‐ 0.004 mmol. h/L). The main effect of fat was significant for the areas under the chylomicron cholesterol and chylomicron triacylglycerol curves [higher values for safflower (0.635 +/‐ 0.053 and 2.48 +/‐ 0.30 mmol. h/L, respectively) and olive (0.592 +/‐ 0.052 and 2.48 +/‐ 0.32 mmol. h/L, respectively) oils than for butter (0.425 +/‐ 0.043 and 1.69 +/‐ 0.20 mmol. h/L, respectively)$$$ P < 0.05]. CONCLUSIONS: The A54T polymorphism results in a diet‐gene interaction: the T54 group had increased chylomicron cholesterol after olive oil only. Nevertheless, the greater hepatic insulin clearance in T54 carriers suggests that the polymorphism may not be deleterious in nonobese subjects.
Bioavailability of heme iron in biscuit filling using piglets as an animal model for humans$$$ The objective of this work was to evaluate the bioavailability of heme iron added to biscuit filling. It comprised two stages: first, the development of the heme iron enriched biscuit filling$$$ second, the evaluation of the bioavailability of the mineral in fattening piglets. Two groups were selected randomly and fed: a) Low iron feed and biscuits with heme iron supplemented filling$$$ b) Normal feed (with ferrous sulphate). Weight and blood parameters were measured every fifteen days. Averages were compared after duplicate analyses. The filling had a creamy appearance, chocolate taste and smell, appropriate spreadability, heme iron content of 2.6 mg per gram and a shelf‐life of a month. The heme iron supplemented pigs registered a greater (P<0.05) weight gain (27.8% more than the control group). Mortality in the heme iron group was 10%, compared to 50% in the control group. The amount of iron measured in the different compartment was greater in the heme group (3315 mg) than in the control group (2792 mg). However, the amount of iron consumed in the latter was greater. We show that an acceptable product with high heme iron content can be formulated, suitable for use as biscuit filling. The heme iron supplement produced better weight increase and lesser mortality in fattening pigs. The bioavailability of heme iron was 23% greater (P<0.05) compared to ferrous sulphate.
Does fortification of pasteurized donor human milk increase the incidence of necrotizing enterocolitis among preterm neonates? A randomized controlled trial$$$ Objective: To compare the effect of fortified pasteurized donor human milk (PDHM) versus unfortified PDHM on the incidence of necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) and immediate outcome among preterm neonates. Methods: This randomized controlled trial (RCT) conducted in a tertiary care teaching hospital, south India included 80 healthy preterm neonates randomized to two groups (Group A and B). Neonates in Group A and B were fed with fortified PDHM and unfortified PDHM, respectively. Neonates in both groups were managed uniformly as per standard NICU protocol. The primary outcome was the incidence of NEC and the secondary outcomes included severity of NEC, incidence of sepsis, mortality, duration of hospital stay, number of days to reach full enteral feeds and weight gain. Neonates were followed up for 28 days or discharge whichever was earlier. Results: The baseline maternal and neonatal characteristics in both groups were comparable. There was no increase in incidence of NEC in fortified PDHM group compared to unfortified PDHM group (2.5 versus 7.5%, p = .31). Severity of NEC, incidence of sepsis, mortality, duration of hospital stay, number of days to reach full enteral feeds and weight gain were also similar in both groups. Conclusions: Standard fortification of PDHM does not increase the incidence of NEC among preterm neonates.
Effect of oral glutamine supplementation on gut permeability and endotoxemia in patients with severe acute pancreatitis: a randomized controlled trial$$$ OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study is to evaluate the effect of oral glutamine (GL) supplementation on gut permeability and endotoxemia (surrogate end point) in patients with severe acute pancreatitis. METHODS: In a randomized controlled trial, patients were randomized to be given placebo or GL for 7 days. The primary outcome measures include the effect on gut permeability (assessed by lactulose/mannitol excretion in urine and endotoxemia assessed by endotoxin core antibodies type IgG and IgM (EndoCab IgG and IgM). The secondary outcome measures include infectious complications, mortality, total hospital/intensive care unit stay, C‐reactive protein, and prealbumin levels. RESULTS: Patients were assigned to GL (n = 41) and placebo (n = 39) groups. There was no change in gut permeability after the intervention. However, the EndoCab IgM levels increased significantly (33 [4, 175] to 40 [8, 350] GMU/mL$$$ P = 0.0164) and the C‐reactive protein levels decreased significantly (133 [1, 287] to 88 [1, 267] ng/mL$$$ P = 0.0236) in the GL group. No difference was observed in infectious complication, prealbumin value, hospital/intensive care unit stay, and mortality in both groups. CONCLUSIONS: No significant trend was identified for an effect of GL on gut permeability. Decreased inflammation and endotoxemia did not translate into reduced infectious complications in severe acute pancreatitis. However, the study was underpowered to detect the aforementioned difference (trial registration: CTRI/2009/000945).
The 2008 Canadian Hypertension Education Program recommendations for the management of hypertension: part 2 - Therapy$$$ OBJECTIVE: To update the evidence‐based recommendations for the prevention and management of hypertension in adults. OPTIONS AND OUTCOMES: For lifestyle and pharmacological interventions, evidence was preferentially reviewed from randomized controlled trials and systematic reviews of trials. Changes in cardiovascular morbidity and mortality were the primary outcomes of interest. However, for lifestyle interventions, blood pressure lowering was accepted as a primary outcome given the lack of long‐term morbidity and mortality data in this field. Progression of kidney dysfunction was also accepted as a clinically relevant primary outcome among patients with chronic kidney disease. EVIDENCE: A Cochrane collaboration librarian conducted an independent MEDLINE search from 2006 to August 2007 to update the 2007 recommendations. To identify additional published studies, reference lists were reviewed and experts were contacted. All relevant articles were reviewed and appraised independently by content and methodological experts using prespecified levels of evidence. VALIDATION: All recommendations were graded according to strength of the evidence and voted on by the 57 members of the Canadian Hypertension Education Program Evidence‐Based Recommendations Task Force. All recommendations reported here achieved at least 95% consensus. These guidelines will continue to be updated annually. RECOMMENDATIONS: For lifestyle modifications to prevent and treat hypertension, restrict dietary sodium intake to less than 100 mmol/day (and 65 mmol/day to 100 mmol/day in hypertensive patients)$$$ perform 30 min to 60 min of aerobic exercise four to seven days per week$$$ maintain a healthy body weight (body mass index 18.5 kg/m(2) to 24.9 kg/m(2)) and waist circumference (smaller than 102 cm for men and smaller than 88 cm for women)$$$ limit alcohol consumption to no more than 14 units per week in men or nine units per week in women$$$ follow a diet that is reduced in saturated fat and cholesterol, and one that emphasizes fruits, vegetables and low‐fat dairy products, dietary and soluble fibre, whole grains and protein from plant sources$$$ and consider stress management in selected individuals with hypertension. For the pharmacological management of hypertension, treatment thresholds and targets should be predicated on by the patient's global atherosclerotic risk, target organ damage and comorbid conditions. Blood pressure should be decreased to lower than 140/90 mmHg in all patients, and to lower than 130/80 mmHg in those with diabetes mellitus or chronic kidney disease. Most patients will require more than one agent to achieve these target blood pressures. For adults without compelling indications for other agents, initial therapy should include thiazide diuretics. Other agents appropriate for first‐line therapy for diastolic and/or systolic hypertension include angiotensin‐converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors (in nonblack patients), long‐acting calcium channel blockers (CCBs), angiotensin receptor antagonists (ARBs) or beta‐blockers (in those younger than 60 years of age). A combination of two first‐line agents may also be considered for initial treatment of hypertension if systolic blood pressure is 20 mmHg above target or if diastolic blood pressure is 10 mmHg above target. Other agents appropriate for first‐line therapy for isolated systolic hypertension include long‐acting dihydropyridine CCBs or ARBs. In patients with angina, recent myocardial infarction or heart failure, beta‐blockers and ACE inhibitors are recommended as first‐line therapy$$$ in patients with cerebrovascular disease, an ACE inhibitor/diuretic combination is preferred$$$ in patients with proteinuric nondiabetic chronic kidney disease, ACE inhibitors are recommended$$$ and in patients with diabetes mellitus, ACE inhibitors or ARBs (or, in patients without albuminuria, thiazides or dihydropyridine CCBs) are appropriate first‐line therapies. All hypertensive patients with dyslipidemia should be treated using the thresholds, targets and agents outlined in the Canadian Cardiovascular Society position statement (recommendations for the diagnosis and treatment of dyslipidemia and prevention of cardiovascular disease). Selected high‐risk patients with hypertension but who do not achieve thresholds for statin therapy according to the position paper should nonetheless receive statin therapy. Once blood pressure is controlled, acetylsalicylic acid therapy should be considered.
The 2007 Canadian Hypertension Education Program recommendations for the management of hypertension: part 2 - Therapy$$$ OBJECTIVE: To provide updated, evidence‐based recommendations for the prevention and management of hypertension in adults. OPTIONS AND OUTCOMES: For lifestyle and pharmacological interventions, evidence was reviewed from randomized controlled trials and systematic reviews of trials. Changes in cardiovascular morbidity and mortality were the primary outcomes of interest. However, for lifestyle interventions, blood pressure lowering was accepted as a primary outcome given the lack of long‐term morbidity and mortality data in this field. For treatment of patients with kidney disease, the progression of kidney dysfunction was also accepted as a clinically relevant primary outcome. EVIDENCE: A Cochrane collaboration librarian conducted an independent MEDLINE search from 2005 to August 2006 to update the 2006 Canadian Hypertension Education Program recommendations. In addition, reference lists were scanned and experts were contacted to identify additional published studies. All relevant articles were reviewed and appraised independently by both content and methodological experts using prespecified levels of evidence. VALIDATION: All recommendations were graded according to strength of the evidence and voted on by the 57 members of the Canadian Hypertension Education Program Evidence‐Based Recommendations Task Force. All recommendations reported here achieved at least 95% consensus. These guidelines will continue to be updated annually. RECOMMENDATIONS: Dietary lifestyle modifications for prevention of hypertension, in addition to a well‐balanced diet, include a dietary sodium intake of less than 100 mmol/day. In hypertensive patients, the dietary sodium intake should be limited to 65 mmol/day to 100 mmol/day. Other lifestyle modifications for both normotensive and hypertensive patients include: performing 30 min to 60 min of aerobic exercise four to seven days per week$$$ maintaining a healthy body weight (body mass index of 18.5 kg/m2 to 24.9 kg/m2) and waist circumference (less than 102 cm in men and less than 88 cm in women)$$$ limiting alcohol consumption to no more than 14 units per week in men or nine units per week in women$$$ following a diet reduced in saturated fat and cholesterol, and one that emphasizes fruits, vegetables and low‐fat dairy products, dietary and soluble fibre, whole grains and protein from plant sources$$$ and considering stress management in selected individuals with hypertension. For the pharmacological management of hypertension, treatment thresholds and targets should take into account each individual's global atherosclerotic risk, target organ damage and any comorbid conditions: blood pressure should be lowered to lower than 140/90 mmHg in all patients and lower than 130/80 mmHg in those with diabetes mellitus or chronic kidney disease. Most patients require more than one agent to achieve these blood pressure targets. In adults without compelling indications for other agents, initial therapy should include thiazide diuretics$$$ other agents appropriate for first‐line therapy for diastolic and/or systolic hypertension include angiotensin‐converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors (except in black patients), long‐acting calcium channel blockers (CCBs), angiotensin receptor blockers (ARBs) or beta‐blockers (in those younger than 60 years of age). First‐line therapy for isolated systolic hypertension includes long‐acting dihydropyridine CCBs or ARBs. Certain comorbid conditions provide compelling indications for first‐line use of other agents: in patients with angina, recent myocardial infarction, or heart failure, beta‐blockers and ACE inhibitors are recommended as first‐line therapy$$$ in patients with cerebrovascular disease, an ACE inhibitor plus diuretic combination is preferred$$$ in patients with nondiabetic chronic kidney disease, ACE inhibitors are recommended$$$ and in patients with diabetes mellitus, ACE inhibitors or ARBs (or, in patients without albuminuria, thiazides or dihydropyridine CCBs) are appropriate first‐line therapies. All hypertensive patients with dyslipidemia should be treated using the thresholds, targets and agents outlined in the Canadian Cardiovascular Society position statement (recommendations for the diagnosis and treatment of dyslipidemia and prevention of cardiovascular disease). Selected high‐risk patients with hypertension who do not achieve thresholds for statin therapy according to the position paper should nonetheless receive statin therapy. Once blood pressure is controlled, acetylsalicylic acid therapy should be considered.
Effect of Topical Anesthetic Cream on Pain During Periareolar Injection of Technetium Tc99m Sulfur Colloid for Sentinel Lymph Node Biopsy in Breast Cancer: a Randomized Control Trial$$$ Background: Injection of Tc99m to localize nodes for sentinel lymph node biopsy is reported by patients as very painful. The purpose of this study was to determine if anesthetic cream reduces pain associated with periareolar injection of Tc99m and to help elucidate conflicting literature regarding the efficacy of anesthetic cream for this procedure. Methods: A randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled methodology was used for adult females with breast cancer undergoing periareolar injection of Tc99m for sentinel lymph node biopsy. Pain levels were compared using anesthetic cream (2.5% lidocaine/2.5% prilocaine) vs. placebo. Patient exclusion criteria included use of opioids or adjuvant pain medication or injecting Tc99m the day before surgery. The Numerical Rating Scale was used to assess pain levels immediately after the injections. Results: Comparing 23 experimental and 26 control patients, there was no significant difference between the experimental (median = 4) and the control group (median = 5) on level of pain experienced U= 0.492, P >.05. Conclusions: The experimental group had a slightly lower median pain score$$$ however, there was no statistically significant difference between those who used the cream compared with those who used a placebo, supporting the conclusion that anesthetic cream does not reduce pain during Tc99m injections. This study adds to the current literature to provide a stronger position that there is no benefit to using anesthetic cream for this procedure.
Effect of Topical Anesthetic Cream on Pain During Periareolar Injection of Technetium Tc99m Sulfur Colloid for Sentinel Lymph Node Biopsy in Breast Cancer: a Randomized Control Trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Injection of Tc99m to localize nodes for sentinel lymph node biopsy is reported by patients as very painful. The purpose of this study was to determine if anesthetic cream reduces pain associated with periareolar injection of Tc99m and to help elucidate conflicting literature regarding the efficacy of anesthetic cream for this procedure. METHODS: A randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled methodology was used for adult females with breast cancer undergoing periareolar injection of Tc99m for sentinel lymph node biopsy. Pain levels were compared using anesthetic cream (2.5% lidocaine/2.5% prilocaine) vs. placebo. Patient exclusion criteria included use of opioids or adjuvant pain medication or injecting Tc99m the day before surgery. The Numerical Rating Scale was used to assess pain levels immediately after the injections. RESULTS: Comparing 23 experimental and 26 control patients, there was no significant difference between the experimental (median = 4) and the control group (median = 5) on level of pain experienced U= 0.492, P > .05. CONCLUSIONS: The experimental group had a slightly lower median pain score$$$ however, there was no statistically significant difference between those who used the cream compared with those who used a placebo, supporting the conclusion that anesthetic cream does not reduce pain during Tc99m injections. This study adds to the current literature to provide a stronger position that there is no benefit to using anesthetic cream for this procedure.
A mixed nutrient preload attenuates glucose-induced endothelial dysfunction in individuals with abnormal glucose tolerance$$$ Background and aims: Postprandial hyperglycemia occurs early in the diabetic and prediabetic states, wherein it appears to be an important independent risk factor for cardiovascular disease and all‐cause mortality. This excess cardiovascular risk may be partly explained by the impairment in endothelial function that typically follows an acute increase in plasma glucose levels. Recently, nutritional interventions focused on the sequence of macronutrient consumption within the meal have been proposed to normalize postprandial glycemia in subjects with abnormal glucose tolerance (AGT). However, the effect of such intervention on the endothelial function is unknown.We therefore aimed to establish whether and by which mechanisms a protein‐ and fat‐rich nutrients preload attenuates glucose‐induced endothelial dysfunction in individuals with AGT. Materials and methods: In this randomized controlled trial, the endothelial function was assessed by the reactive hyperemia index (RHI) using an EndoPAT® device at fasting, 60min and 120 min during two 75g oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTTs) preceded by either a mixed virtually glucose‐freenutrient preload (one boiled egg, 50g parmesan cheese, 300ml water, consisting of 23 g protein, 17 g fat and 2 g carbohydrate, to a total of 1,000 kJ) or a water preload (500ml water$$$ controlOGTT) in a randomized fashion. A total of 30 volunteers were recruited, including 22 patients with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT, n=13) or dietcontrolled type 2 diabetes (T2D, n=9), who were collectively classified as AGT. A group of 8 subjects with normal glucose tolerance underwent the control OGTT and was used as reference. Plasma glucose, insulin, glucagon‐like peptide‐1 (GLP‐1), glucose‐dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP), glucagon, free fatty acids (FFA), arginine, branched chain amino acid (BCAA), and total amino acids (AA) were measured during the tests. Results: Fasting RHI was not different between NGT and AGT subjects. The RHI negatively correlated with fasting plasma glucose (r=‐0.29, p=0.04). During the control OGTT, the RHI decreased by 9% (p=0.02) and its deterioration was associated with the time‐course of plasma glucose levels (β=‐0.03, p=0.015). In individuals with AGT, the nutrient preload attenuated the decline in the RHI (p=0.04) and markedly reduced postprandial glycemia (p=0.0003) compared with the control OGTT. The beneficial effect of the nutrient preload on theRHI was proportional to the improvement in glucose tolerance (r=0.52, p=0.02). Furthermore, it was associated with the increase in plasma GLP‐1 (r=0.47, p=0.04) and arginine levels (r=0.64, p=0.04). Conclusion: A mixed protein‐ and fat‐rich nutrient preload attenuates glucose‐induced endothelial dysfunction in individuals with AGT by lowering plasma glucose excursions and by increasing GLP‐1 and arginine levels, both of which are known upregulators of the nitric oxide vasodilator system.
The effect of a low carbohydrate- high fat diet on clinical symptoms and gut microbiome in m.3243A>G related mitochondrial disease$$$ INTERVENTION: Low carbohydrate (50‐100 grams/day). The LCHF restricts a wide range of carbohydrate rich foods including sweets, sugar, grains, starchy vegetables, sweet legumes, fruit juices and sweetened dairy foods and replacing them with non‐starchy vegetables, red fruits, meat, poultry, seafood, eggs, oil, nuts, and non sweetened high fat dairy foods such as cheese, butter, cream and Greek 10% fat yoghurt. Choosing cuts of meat higher in fat and fats, and the use of low carb alternatives like low carb bread is encouraged. This diet is automatically high in protein. We don*t want the carbohydrate restriction to be stricter than 50 grams a day because we want a feasible diet without de adverse events that a ketogenic diet (very strict carbohydrate restriction of 20 grams a day) has[19]. The low carbohydrate high fat diet is part of the national diabetes guidelines and is frequently prescribed in overweight diabetes type 2 patients with insulin resistance. CONDITION: $$$ mitochondrial disease 10027424 PRIMARY OUTCOME: GAS (Goal Attainment scaling) $$$ $$$ Stool samples for faecal microbiome composition analyses.$$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: • Glucosemetrics (only in diabetes patients ± 50% of the population) : HbA1C, $$$ home glucose monitoring (time in range hypoglycemia, hyperglycemia), diabetes $$$ medication and doses (insulin use). $$$ • Gastrointestinal complaints: Questionnaire including a VAS score on severity $$$ of gastrointestinal complaints, stool frequency, Bristol stool chart and $$$ laxative use. $$$ • Diet adherence (digital food diary 3 days including one weekend day) $$$ • CIS fatigue questionnaire $$$ • Newcastle Mitochondrial Disease Adult Scale (NMDAS) (on disease severity) $$$ including SF‐12 (quality of life questionnaire) $$$ • Physical Activity measurement using Accelerometry (activ8®) $$$ • Headache diary $$$ • Nutritional assessment: Weight, Height, BMI, body composition (Fat free mass $$$ and Fat percentage) $$$ • Laboratory examinations (CK, HbA1c, lipid profile, kidney function, $$$ transaminases, lactate, ketone bodies, metabolomics) and home glucose $$$ monitoring $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: • m.3243A>G mutation • good cognitive function • BMI >=18,5 kg/m2
Protective effects of urinastatin on organ function in patients with severe burn$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the protective effects of urinastatin on organ function in severe burn. METHODS: Seventy‐two cases with comparative severity in burn injury were randomly divided into urinastatin treatment group (n=36) and control group (n=36). Patients in control group received routine therapy, while those in treatment group received intravenous dripping of urinastatin twice a day for 5 to 7 days. The dosage of urinastatin was 300 kU in severe burns and 200 kU in moderate burns. Both polyvinylpyrrolidone iodine (PVP‐I) and Jiedu Shaoshang cream were used for wound dressing. The clinical findings were assessed and variables indicating functions of internal organs, including liver (alanine aminotransferase), kidney (blood urea nitrogen, serum creatinine), heart (aspartate aminotransferase, lactate dehydrogenase, alpha‐hydroxybutyrate dehydrogenase, creatine kinase, isoenzymes of creatinine kinase), and coagulation (prothrombin time, international normalized ratio, activated partial thromboplastin time, fibrinogen), as well as blood routine test, troponin, myoglobin, arterial blood analysis, bacteria culture were measured. RESULTS: In treatment group, vital signs and general condition were satisfactory at shock phase and peri‐operative stages in all the patients. Edema of burn wound subsided rapidly. The 28‐day mortality rate was 0. There was significant difference between the two groups (all P<0.05). CONCLUSION: Urinastatin has protective effects on multiple organs in severe burn injury.
Metformin enhanced weight loss at 12 months in empowir (enhance the metabolic profile of women with insulin resistance): a randomized trial of normoglycemic women with midlife weight gain$$$ BACKGROUND Progressive midlife weight gain is associated with diabetes(1) and all‐cause mortality(2) and preventive interventions targeting high risk populations are critically needed. We previously reported that Carbohydrate Modified Diet (CMD) and insulin sensitizers reduced body weight (BW) and modulated Metabolic Syndrome measures at 6‐months in EMPOWIR (Enhance the Metabolic Profile of Women with Insulin Resistance, a 3‐phase, 3‐arm, double‐blind, placebo controlled trial of normoglycemic women with midlife weight gain and hyperinsulinemia.(3) The trial (NCT00618072) was conducted to test the hypotheses that progressive midlife weight gain represents an early manifestation of insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia in a distinct subset of women, and strategies to decrease insulin elevations will reduce BW and attenuate risks of diabetes and related comorbidities. METHODS Subjects meeting inclusion criteria: age 35‐55$$$ 20lb weight gain$$$ increased glucose‐mediated AUC‐insulin, and normal GTT, attended 4 weekly nutrition workshops (Phase 1) at 2 study sites to introduce the CMD: a food exchange program (40% carbohydrates‐40% protein‐20% fat) promoting increased intake of vegetables, low‐glycemic index fruits, low‐fat protein & dairy products, elimination of free sugars, & notable restriction of 3 additional carbohydrates (starches) to after 4PM. Participants were then randomized to 1 of 3 arms: CMD+metformin (M) 2000mg/day for 12 months$$$ CMD+metformin & 2 mg rosiglitazone (R) for 12 months$$$ or CMD alone for 6 months (Phase 2), with rerandomization to 1 of the 2 active treatment arms for months 7‐12 (Phase 3). In this analysis, we compare BW at baseline(B), 6‐ and 12‐months in all 32 study completers (mean age 46.7, BMI 30.8kg/m2, HA1c 5.4%, 54.3% white) with repeated measure ANOVA's, and Bonferroni adjustment to assess additional main effect differences (SPSS 20). RESULTS Mean BW decreased from baseline to 6 months (m) for the total group, but did not change significantly from 6 to 12 months$$$ means (CI): 83.7(79.8‐87.6) vs. 78.9(74.6‐83.1) vs. 77.9(73.7‐82.1)Kg. Notably, BW decreased significantly at 12 months in the M arm: respective means at B, 6‐ and 12‐m: 85.1(79.9‐90.2), 80.5(75.9‐85.2), and 79.8(74.3‐85.2)Kg. (B vs. 6$$$ P= .008$$$ B vs. 12, P=.008$$$ 6 vs. 12$$$ P=1.000(NS), with 54% of variance explained (VE) by M treatment. In contrast, BW increased significantly from 6 to 12m in M+R group: 76.8(65.7‐88.0) to 78.4(67.8‐88.9)Kg, P=.027, with 62% VE. CONCLUSIONS This pilot data suggests that, in combination with a novel carbohydrate modified diet, metformin enhanced 12 month weight loss in a diverse sample of normoglycemic, hyperinsulinemic women with progressive midlife weight gain. The ease of implementation and durability of the study diet, and its enhanced efficacy with metformin, could have important clinical and public health implications and merit additional study.
Are changes in a low-carbohydrate, high-fat diet pattern associated with subsequent changes in HbA1c during an intensive diet and physical activity intervention?$$$ Aims: To explore the joint role of fat and carbohydrate in type 2 diabetes management by estimating associations between change in a low‐carbohydrate/high‐fat diet pattern (DP) and HbA1c progression during the early‐Activity‐In‐Diabetes trial (early‐ACTID). Methods: Data came from 241 participants newly diagnosed with type 2 diabetes randomised to a 12 months usual care or physical activity and/or intensive dietary intervention (low‐fat healthy eating advice). DP was derived using reduced‐rank regression on carbohydrate and fat sub‐type intermediates at baseline and projected at 6 and 12 months. Multiple linear regression estimated associations between change in DP and HbA1c over 0‐12 months and a separate 6‐month time‐lag model, adjusting for potential confounders. Results: Obtained DP were characterised as 'low‐carbohydrate/ high‐fat'. Higher pattern scores related to eating more 'processed meats', 'butter' and 'red meat', and less 'fresh fruit', 'low‐fat milks' and 'legumes'. Average scores reduced towards higher‐carbohydrate/ lower‐fat intakes from 0 to 6 months (standardised mean±SD change: ±0.10 ± 0.80 (p=0.028)). Median (IQR) HbA1c reduced by ‐1.1(±4.4, 3.3) mmol/mol then increased by +1.1(±2.2, 3.3) mmol/mol during 0‐6 and 6‐12 months respectively. Time‐lag models of DP change (0‐6 months) and subsequent HbA1c change (6‐12 months) showed no evidence of association regardless of adjustment (β=‐0.18mmol/mol, 95% CI:‐1.28, 0.93$$$ adjusted for medications, age, ethnicity, sex, arm, energy intake, body mass index and physical activity). Over 0‐ 12 months, a 1 SD DP change towards lower‐carbohydrate/higherfat intakes was associated with 1.32(p=0.026) and 0.69(p=0.317) mmol/mol higher HbA1c before and after adjustment for physical activity. Conclusions: Changing 'low‐carbohydrate/high‐fat' DP towards higher‐carbohydrate/lower‐fat intakes was not an independent driver of HbA1c progression within early‐ACTID.
Whey protein induces greater reduction of postprandial glycemia and hba1c, weight loss and satiety compared to other protein sources in type 2 diabetes$$$ Background: Substantial evidence supports that a diet with high caloric protein breakfast (B) and reduced dinner (D) is a successful strategy for weight loss (WL), increased overall satiety (S) and reduced overall postprandial glycemia (PPG) and HbA1c in obese and type 2 diabetes (T2D). Particularly whey protein exerts potent direct insulinotropic effect and through stimulation of glucagon‐like peptide 1 (GLP‐1) leading to reduction of PPG in T2D, Objective: To search whether high protein B consisting of whey protein has a greater impact on WL, overall PPG, S and HbA1c than B with different protein sources. Methods: 48 T2D, 22 males, BMI 32.1 0.9 kg/m2 , aged 58.9 4.5 y, were randomized to 3 isocaloric (1500 kcal) WL diets during 12 weeks. The 3 diets had breakfast (660 kcal), lunch (567 kcal) and dinner (276 kcal) with the same composition at lunch (% of carb:prot:fat 20:45:25%) and dinner (13:40:47%), but differed in the B composition and protein content. The 3 meals were: 1) A high‐carbohydrate B Diet (CBd), n=15, with 13 g protein at B: (65:15:20%), i.e., ready‐to‐eat cereals. 2) A high‐protein B Diet (PBd), n=16, with 36 g protein in B: (40:40:20%), i.e., eggs, tuna and cheese. 3) A whey B Diet (WBd), n=17, with 36 g protein in B, (40:40:20%), i.e., whey protein shake. Additionally, on 3 separate days between day 10 and 15 after diet initiation, all participants underwent 3 all day CBd, PBd and WBd meal tests, to assess PPG, insulin, intact GLP‐1 and S after B, lunch and D. Results: After 12 weeks, WL was ‐3.5 ± 0.3 kg (‐3.8%) in CBd, ‐6.1 ± 0.3 kg (‐ 6.8 %) in PBd and the greater WL was found in WBd, ‐7.6 ± 0.3 kg (‐ 8.4%) (p<0.0001). Compared to CBd, the % of WL in PBd was higher by 44 %, and in WBd was greater by 55% (p<0.0001). The reduction of HbA1c was lower in CBd by ‐0.36 ± 0.04%, in PBd was ‐0.6 ± 0.04% and the greater reduction was found in WBd, 0.89 ± 0.05% (p<0.0001). The % of change for HbA1c was 4.6 % in CBd, 7.7% in PBd and the greatest reduction changes were in WBd by 11.5% (p<0.0001). Compared to CBd the % of the reduction of HbA1c was greater by 41 % in PBd, and by 64 % in WBd (p<0.0001). Overall AUC for PPG was 95522 ± 565 mg/dl∗min in CBd, 84065 ± 299 mg/dl∗min in PBd and 77452 ± 292 mg/dl∗min in WBd (p<0.0001). Compared to CBd the AUC for overall PPG was 12 % lower in PBd and 19 % lower in WBd (p<0.0001). The AUC for overall Insulin was 27% higher in PBd and 38% higher in WBd (p<0.0001). The AUC for overall intact GLP‐1 increased more than in CBd, by 32% in PBd and by 4 1 % in WBd (p<0.0001) and AUC for overall S was enhanced by 24% in PBd and by 30% in WBd compared to CBd (p<0.0001). Conclusions: This study demonstrates that increasing protein content from 13 g to 36 g at breakfast has a significant impact on WL, overall S, HbA1c and overall PPG. However, for the same protein content, whey protein vs other protein sources, yields additional benefits on WL, overall S, reduction of PPG and HbA1c. Whey protein should be considered an important adjuvant in the management of T2D.
Provision of High Protein Foods Slows the Age-Related Decline in Nutritional Status in Aged Care Residents: a Cluster-Randomised Controlled Trial$$$ Objectives: Malnutrition, particularly protein insufficiency, is common in institutionalised older adults and increases morbidity, mortality, and costs. We aimed to determine whether 12 months supplementation using high‐protein foods (milk, cheese, yoghurt) prevents malnutrition in older adults. Design: Cluster randomised control study. Setting: Sixty Australian aged care facilities. Participants: Older adults living in aged care homes (n=654, mean age 86.7±7.2 years, 72% females). Intervention: Facilities randomly allocated to a high‐protein (n=30 intervention) or regular (n=30 controls) menu. Measurements: Nutritional status assessed using the Mini Nutrition Assessment (MNA) tool and fasting morning blood samples (n=302) assayed for haemoglobin (Hb) and albumin. Food intake was monitored 3‐monthly using visual plate waste assessment. Measurements at baseline and month 12 were analysed using random effects model accounting for clustering (facility), repeated measure and confounders. Results: Addition of 11g of protein as 1.5 servings of high‐protein foods daily preserved nutritional status that deteriorated in controls [MNA screen (−0.68, 95%CI: −1.03, −0.32, p<0.001) and total (−0.90, 95%CI: −1.45, −0.35, p=0.001) scores], resulting in group differences in MNA screen (0.62, 95%CI: 0.17, 1.06, p=0.007) and total (0.81, 95%CI: 0.11, 1.51, p=0.023) scores and group difference in Hb (3.60g/L, 95%CI: 0.18, 7.03, p=0.039), the net result of preservation with intervention (0.19g/L, 95%CI: −2.04, 2.42, p=0.896) and a decline in controls (−3.41g/L, 95%CI: −6.01, −0.82, p=0.010). No group differences were observed for serum albumin. Conclusion: Consumption of high‐protein foods is a pragmatic approach to maintaining nutritional status in older adults in aged‐care.
Effects of low-fat milk consumption on metabolic and atherogenic biomarkers in Korean adults with the metabolic syndrome: a randomised controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Previous studies of the health effects of low‐fat milk or dairy consumption on the metabolic syndrome have yielded inconsistent results. The present study aimed to investigate the effects of low‐fat milk consumption on traits associated with the metabolic syndrome, as well as inflammatory and atherogenic biomarkers, in Korean adults with the metabolic syndrome. METHODS: Overweight Koreans with the metabolic syndrome (n = 58) were recruited and randomly assigned to either the low‐fat milk or control group. The low‐fat milk group was instructed to consume two packs of low‐fat milk per day (200 mL twice daily) for 6 weeks, and the control group was instructed to maintain their habitual diet. Clinical investigations were conducted during the screening visit, on study day 0, and after 6 weeks. RESULTS: No significant differences in changes in body mass index, blood pressure, lipid profile and adiponectin levels, as well as levels of inflammatory markers, oxidative stress markers and atherogenic markers, were found between the low‐fat milk and control groups. However, compared to the controls, significant favourable decreases in serum soluble vascular adhesion molecule‐1 and endothelin‐1 levels were found in the 12 subjects with high blood pressure and in the 18 subjects with hypertriglyceridaemia in the low‐fat milk group. CONCLUSIONS: The present study did not demonstrate an overall beneficial effect of low‐fat milk consumption in subjects with the metabolic syndrome. However, low‐fat milk consumption may have a favourable effect on atherogenic markers in subjects with high blood pressure or hypertriglyceridaemia.
Tube feeding (breast milk) in newborns on vasopressor support$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Enteral feed(Expressed Breast Milk: Newborns meeting the inclusion criteria were managed on vasopresors and when hemodynamically stable for 6 hours were randomly assigned to two groups. Group 1 was given Enteral feed(Expressed Breast Milk). Control Intervention1: IV Fluids : Newborns meeting the inclusion criteria were managed on vasopresors and when hemodynamically stable for 6 hours were randomly assigned to two groups. Group 2 was managed on IV fluids alone CONDITION: Hemodynamically unstable newborns on vasopressors maintaining stable circulation on vasopressors PRIMARY OUTCOME: To study effect of early enteral feed on the mortality, morbidity and duration of hospital stay in the newborns on vasopressors.‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 12/10/2017 SECONDARY OUTCOME: To define the cutoff level of vasopressors in the newborns with shock to start enteral feed.‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 12/10/2017 INCLUSION CRITERIA: All hemodynamically unstable newborns on Vasopressor admitted to the Special Newborn Care Unit of G.S.V.M, Kanpur during the study period till required number is obtained.
Short communication: oral and intranasal administration of a modified-live Salmonella Dublin vaccine in dairy calves: clinical efficacy and serologic response$$$ Our objectives were to evaluate the clinical efficacy of oral and intranasal administration of a commercial modified‐live Salmonella Dublin vaccine in dairy calves and to determine the serologic response associated with these extralabel routes of administration. We conducted a randomized field trial with calves from a New York dairy farm following an outbreak of Salmonella Dublin. A total of 399 Holstein calves were allocated by pen to 3 treatment groups: oral vaccination, intranasal vaccination, and an unvaccinated control group. Administration of the vaccine through oral and intranasal routes did not have a significant effect on pneumonia incidence risk or weight gain$$$ however, calves vaccinated orally and intranasally had lower mortality risk as compared with control calves. Among calves tested using a Salmonella Dublin ELISA, vaccination did not induce an increase in antibody production relative to control calves, indicating that oral and intranasal administration will not hinder diagnosis based on this assay.
Inconsistency between glycemic and insulinemic responses to regular and fermented milk products$$$ Background: Foods with a low glycemic index are increasingly being acknowledged as beneficial in relation to the insulin resistance syndrome. Certain organic acids can lower the glycemic index of bread products. However, the possible effect of acids in fermented milk products on the glycemic index and on insulinemic characteristics has not been addressed. The metabolic effects of fermented milk or pickled products used as additives to mixed meals have also not been addressed. Objectives: One objective was to characterize the glycemic and insulinemic responses after intake of regular or fermented milk products (study 1). In addition, the acute metabolic effect of fermented milk (yogurt) and pickled cucumber as supplements to a traditional breakfast based on a high‐glycemic index bread was evaluated (study 2). Design: Ten healthy volunteers were served different breakfast meals after an overnight fast. Capillary blood samples were collected before and during 2 (study 1) or 3 (study 2) h after the meal. White‐wheat bread was used as a reference meal in both studies. Results: The lactic acid in the fermented milk products did not lower the glycemic and insulinemic indexes. Despite low glycemic indexes of 15‐30, all of the milk products produced high insulinemic indexes of 90‐98, which were not significantly different from the insulinemic index of the reference bread. Addition of fermented milk (yogurt) and pickled cucumber to a breakfast with a high‐glycemic index bread significantly lowered post‐prandial glycemia and insulinemia compared with the reference meal. In contrast, addition of regular milk and fresh cucumber had no favorable effect on the metabolic responses. Conclusions: Milk products appear insulinotropic as judged from 3‐fold to 6‐fold higher insulinemic indexes than expected from the corresponding glycemic indexes. The presence of organic acids may counteract the insulinotropic effect of milk in mixed meals.
To evaluate if the application of platelet rich plasma on the skin in the radiation site, during radiation treatment will reduce radiation induced skin reactions in patients of head and neck and breast cancer receiving radiotherapy$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Topical application of platelet rich plasma on the radiation treatment site.: The platelet rich plasma (PRP) for topical application will be derived from the patient themselves. Prior to the start of radiation treatment, those patients in the intervention arm will be called to the JIPMER transfusion medicine department where around 100 to 125 ml of platelet rich plasma will be collected from the patient, in a sterile manner under strict aseptic precautions and aliquoted into 3 or 5 ml sterile screw capped containers (3 ml containers for head and neck cancer patients and 5 ml containers for breast cancer patients). The containers will then be stored at minus 18 degree Celsius in the JIPMER Transfusion medicine department refrigerator. Following radiation treatment for the day, the patient will be directed to the transfusion medicine department where 1 aliquot of the PRP will be handed to them. The PRP will then be mixed with neutral paraffin cream to obtain an ointment like consistency which will be applied at the radiation treatment site. The initial few applications will be done by the primary investigator and subsequently the patient themselves will be taught how to apply it. The topical application of PRP for patients in the intervention arm will be done throughout the radiation treatment course, only on the days they receive radiation. No further topical application of PRP will be done once the patient completes their radiation treatment course. The patient will be monitored every week during their treatment course for the development of radiation dermatitis. In addition to PRP, they will also be offered the institutional standard protocol measures for the management of radiation dermatitis. Control Intervention1: Best supportive care as per institu CONDITION: Health Condition 1: C50‐C50‐ Malignant neoplasms of breast Health Condition 2: C00‐C14‐ Malignant neoplasms of lip, oral cavity and pharyn X PRIMARY OUTCOME: To determine if the proportion of patients developing acute radiation dermatitis of Radiation Therapy Oncology Group (RTOG) grade 2 and above is lesser in the platelet rich plasma arm as compared to the standard treatment arm in patients undergoing radiation therapy for head and neck and breast cancer.Timepoint: Weekly during the course of radiation treatment and 3 months after the completion of radiation treatment. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Patients over 18 years of age. 2. Patients of ECOG performance status 0‐2 3. Patients with biopsy proven squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck, receiving curative radiation with or without concurrent chemotherapy in the definitive or adjuvant setting. 4. Patients with biopsy proven adenocarcinoma of the breast, post‐surgical resection (either breast conservative surgery or modified radical mastectomy) who are receiving curative radiation in the adjuvant setting. SECONDARY OUTCOME: To compare the locoregional control assessed with complete response of the primary and regional nodes at 3 months in both the arms. This will be done by a CECT scan in head and neck cancer patients using the RECIST (Response Evaluation Criteria In Solid Tumors) criteria and by clinical examination in breast cancer patients.Timepoint: 3 months after the completion of radiation treatment. To determine if the proportion of patients developing clinically significant acute radiation dermatitis of RTOG grade 3 and above is lesser in the PRP arm as compared to the standard treatment arm.Timepoint: Weekly during the course of radiation treatment and 3 months after the completion of radiation treatment. To determine if the time taken to develop Radiation Therapy Oncology Group (RTOG) grade 2,3 or 4 dermatitis is more in the PRP arm as compared to the standard treatment arm.Timepoint: Weekly during the course of radiation treatment and 3 months after the completion of radiation treatment.
Prevention of acute coronary syndrome by aspirin in patients with breast cancer$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Acetyl Salicylic Acid: The female breast cancer patients were asked to swallow 14mg/70Kg body weight of aspirin with water only after they have eaten a meal containing bread, fat and proteins (meat, fish and cheese) once in 24h for 2years Control Intervention1: Vehicle: No treatment Control Intervention2: Vehicle: No treatment CONDITION: Breast Cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Number of deaths due to ACS/AMI in breast cancer patients.‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 2years SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1. Development of hypertension every 3months for 2years. $$$ 2. Plasma glucose levels every 4 weeks for 2 years.‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 2 years INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Breast cancer was diagnosed by mammogram followed by biopsy carried out by professional pathologists. 2. Patients were categorized by TNM (tumor size, no. of nodes & metastasis) classification at presentation. 3. Patients willing to give consent and agreed to obtain judicial affidavit from the court of law and signed informed consent form were included in the study.
A clinical trial to study the effects of a feeding method in preterm newborns with cessation of breathing and gastroesophageal reflux$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Transpyloric tube feeding: The intervention will consist of transpyloric tube feeding in preterm neonates with apnea clinically suspected to be associated wuth gastroesophageal reflux. Control Intervention1: Orogastric feeding/Katori spoon feeding: Orogastric feeding/Katori spoon feeding CONDITION: Gastroesophageal reflux associated apnea of preterm neonates PRIMARY OUTCOME: Incidence of episodes of apnea‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 48 hours SECONDARY OUTCOME: All cause mortality‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 72 hours Incidence of gastrointestinal disturbances‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 72 hours Incidence of necrotizing enterocolitis‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 72 hours INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion criteria (i) Intramural live births. (ii) Gestational age less than 37 weeks. (iii) Babies on enteral feeding (partial/complete) with human milk with recurrent apnea clinically suspected to be due to gastroesophageal reflux. (iv) Parents or caregivers or their legally acceptable/ authorised representatives consenting to take part in the study.
Prevention of bacterial infections in the newborn by pre-delivery administration of azithromycin: study protocol of a randomized efficacy trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Neonatal deaths, estimated at approximately 4 million annually, now account for almost 40% of global mortality in children aged under‐five. Bacterial sepsis is a leading cause of neonatal mortality. Assuming the mother is the main source for bacterial transmission to newborns, the primary objective of the trial is to determine the impact of one oral dose of azithromycin, given to women in labour, on the newborn's bacterial carriage in the nasopharynx. Secondary objectives include the impact of the intervention on bacterial colonization in the baby and the mother during the first month of life. METHODS/DESIGN: This is a Phase III, double ‐blind, placebo controlled randomized clinical trial in which 830 women in labour were randomized to either a single dose of 2 g oral azithromycin or placebo (ratio 1:1). The trial included pregnant women in labour aged 18 to 45 years attending study health centres in the Western Gambia. A post‐natal check of the mother and baby was conducted at the health centre by study clinicians before discharge and 8‐10 days after delivery. Home follow up visits were conducted daily during the first week and then weekly until week 8 after delivery. Vaginal swabs and breast milk samples were collected from the mothers, and the pathogens Streptococcus pneumoniae, Group B Streptococcus (GBS) and Staphylococcus aureus were isolated from the study samples. For bacterial isolates, susceptibility pattern to azithromycin was determined using disk diffusion and E‐test. Eye swabs were collected from newborns with eye discharge during the follow up period, and Chlamydial infection was assessed using molecular methods. DISCUSSION: This is a proof‐of‐concept study to assess the impact of antibiotic preventive treatment of women during labour on bacterial infections in the newborn. If the trial confirms this hypothesis, the next step will be to assess the impact of this intervention on neonatal sepsis. The proposed intervention should be easily implementable in developing countries. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier‐‐NCT01800942‐‐First received: February 26, 2013.
Prevention of bacterial infections in the newborn by pre-delivery administration of azithromycin: study protocol of a randomized efficacy trial$$$ Background: Neonatal deaths, estimated at approximately 4 million annually, now account for almost 40 % of global mortality in children aged under‐five. Bacterial sepsis is a leading cause of neonatal mortality. Assuming the mother is the main source for bacterial transmission to newborns, the primary objective of the trial is to determine the impact of one oral dose of azithromycin, given to women in labour, on the newborn's bacterial carriage in the nasopharynx. Secondary objectives include the impact of the intervention on bacterial colonization in the baby and the mother during the first month of life. Methods/design: This is a Phase III, double ‐blind, placebo controlled randomized clinical trial in which 830 women in labour were randomized to either a single dose of 2 g oral azithromycin or placebo (ratio 1:1). The trial included pregnant women in labour aged 18 to 45 years attending study health centres in the Western Gambia. A post‐natal check of the mother and baby was conducted at the health centre by study clinicians before discharge and 8‐10 days after delivery. Home follow up visits were conducted daily during the first week and then weekly until week 8 after delivery. Vaginal swabs and breast milk samples were collected from the mothers, and the pathogens Streptococcus pneumoniae, Group B Streptococcus (GBS) and Staphylococcus aureus were isolated from the study samples. For bacterial isolates, susceptibility pattern to azithromycin was determined using disk diffusion and E‐test. Eye swabs were collected from newborns with eye discharge during the follow up period, and Chlamydial infection was assessed using molecular methods. Discussion: This is a proof‐of‐concept study to assess the impact of antibiotic preventive treatment of women during labour on bacterial infections in the newborn. If the trial confirms this hypothesis, the next step will be to assess the impact of this intervention on neonatal sepsis. The proposed intervention should be easily implementable in developing countries. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier ‐ NCT01800942 ‐ First received: February 26, 2013.
Duration of immunity to experimental infection with bovine respiratory syncytial virus following intranasal vaccination of young passively immune calves$$$ Objective‐To determine whether a combination modified‐live bovine respiratory syncytial virus (BRSV) vaccine could stimulate protective immunity in young BRSV‐seropositive calves following intranasal administration and determine the duration of clinical immunity. Design‐Controlled challenge study. Animals‐84 dairy calves (3 to 11 days old). Procedures‐Responses to BRSV challenge of seronegative calves vaccinated under licensing trial conditions were compared with those of seropositive calves 2 times after vaccination. In experiment 1, young BRSV‐seronegative calves were vaccinated intranasally with a minimum immunizing dose of BRSV and challenged with BRSV approximately 7 weeks later. In experiments 2 and 3, young BRSV‐seropositive calves were vaccinated intranasally with a commercially available combination modified‐live virus vaccine containing the commercial dose of the BRSV fraction and challenged with BRSV 9 weeks or approximately 14 weeks later, respectively. Results‐In experiments 1 and 2, BRSV‐vaccinated calves had significantly higher Pao2, significantly fewer lung lesions, and significantly lower mortality rate than did unvaccinated calves subsequent to BRSV challenge. In contrast, in experiment 3, there were no differences in Pao2, lung lesions, or mortality rate between vaccinated and control calves after BRSV challenge approximately 14 weeks after vaccination. Protected calves in experiment 1 consistently had significant anamnestic mucosal and systemic antibody responses after challenge, whereas in experiments 2 and 3, antibody responses after challenge were more variable. Conclusions and Clinical Relevance‐A combination BRSV vaccine administered intranasally to young calves induced protective immunity in the presence of maternal antibodies. The duration of immune responses induced by intranasal vaccination was short (≤ 4 months). Boosting immunity iatrogenically, or by natural exposure, is probably required to obtain optimal responses to neonatal intranasal vaccination.
Randomised controlled trial of perinatal vitamin D supplementation to prevent early-onset acute respiratory infections among Australian First Nations children: the 'D-Kids' study protocol$$$ INTRODUCTION: Globally, acute respiratory infections (ARIs) are a leading cause of childhood morbidity and mortality. While ARI‐related mortality is low in Australia, First Nations infants are hospitalised with ARIs up to nine times more often than their non‐First Nations counterparts. The gap is widest in the Northern Territory (NT) where rates of both acute and chronic respiratory infection are among the highest reported in the world. Vitamin D deficiency is common among NT First Nations neonates and associated with an increased risk of ARI hospitalisation. We hypothesise that perinatal vitamin D supplementation will reduce the risk of ARI in the first year of life. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: 'D‐Kids' is a parallel (1:1), double‐blind (allocation concealed), randomised placebo‐controlled trial conducted among NT First Nations mother‐infant pairs. Pregnant women and their babies (n=314) receive either vitamin D or placebo. Women receive 14 000 IU/week or placebo from 28 to 34 weeks gestation until birth and babies receive 4200 IU/week or placebo from birth until age 4 months. The primary outcome is the incidence of ARI episodes receiving medical attention in the first year of life. Secondary outcomes include circulating vitamin D level and nasal pathogen prevalence. Tertiary outcomes include infant immune cell phenotypes and challenge responses. Blood, nasal swabs, breast milk and saliva are collected longitudinally across four study visits: enrolment, birth, infant age 4 and 12 months. The sample size provides 90% power to detect a 27.5% relative reduction in new ARI episodes between groups. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: This trial is approved by the NT Human Research Ethics Committee (2018‐3160). Study outcomes will be disseminated to participant families, communities, local policy‐makers, the broader research and clinical community via written and oral reports, education workshops, peer‐reviewed journals, national and international conferences. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: ACTRN12618001174279.
Randomised controlled trial of perinatal vitamin D supplementation to prevent early-onset acute respiratory infections among Australian First Nations children: the 'D-Kids' study protocol$$$ Introduction Globally, acute respiratory infections (ARIs) are a leading cause of childhood morbidity and mortality. While ARI‐related mortality is low in Australia, First Nations infants are hospitalised with ARIs up to nine times more often than their non‐First Nations counterparts. The gap is widest in the Northern Territory (NT) where rates of both acute and chronic respiratory infection are among the highest reported in the world. Vitamin D deficiency is common among NT First Nations neonates and associated with an increased risk of ARI hospitalisation. We hypothesise that perinatal vitamin D supplementation will reduce the risk of ARI in the first year of life. Methods and analysis € D‐Kids' is a parallel (1:1), double‐blind (allocation concealed), randomised placebo‐controlled trial conducted among NT First Nations mother‐infant pairs. Pregnant women and their babies (n=314) receive either vitamin D or placebo. Women receive 14 000 IU/week or placebo from 28 to 34 weeks gestation until birth and babies receive 4200 IU/week or placebo from birth until age 4 months. The primary outcome is the incidence of ARI episodes receiving medical attention in the first year of life. Secondary outcomes include circulating vitamin D level and nasal pathogen prevalence. Tertiary outcomes include infant immune cell phenotypes and challenge responses. Blood, nasal swabs, breast milk and saliva are collected longitudinally across four study visits: enrolment, birth, infant age 4 and 12 months. The sample size provides 90% power to detect a 27.5% relative reduction in new ARI episodes between groups. Ethics and dissemination This trial is approved by the NT Human Research Ethics Committee (2018‐3160). Study outcomes will be disseminated to participant families, communities, local policy‐makers, the broader research and clinical community via written and oral reports, education workshops, peer‐reviewed journals, national and international conferences. Trial registration number ACTRN12618001174279.
Topical Betamethasone Valerate As a Prophylactic Agent to Prevent Acute Radiation Dermatitis in Head and Neck Malignancies: a Randomized, Open-Label, Phase 3 Trial$$$ Purpose: We assessed the role of topical betamethasone as a prophylactic agent in patients receiving radiation for head and neck malignancies. Methods and Materials: This randomized, open‐label, phase 3 trial was completed at a single research institute. Patients receiving curative radiation for head and neck cancer were randomized into 2 groups of 75 patients each by computer‐generated permuted block random assignment. Patients in the test arm applied 0.1% topical betamethasone valerate cream once a day, after radiation. Patients in the control arm received best supportive care. The Radiation Therapy Oncology Group acute toxicity grading scale was used to assess radiation dermatitis after every fifth fraction until completion and at 2 weeks after treatment. Primary outcome in both arms was the proportion of patients who developed grade 2 and 3 acute skin reaction. The trial is registered at the Central Trial Registry of India (CTRI/2017/04/008298). Results: Between April 15, 2017, and October 30, 2018,150 patients were randomized into the study, with 75 patients in each arm. Fourteen patients in the test arm and 15 patients in the control arm did not complete the intended treatment. Per the intention‐to‐treat analysis, 25 of 75 patients (33.3%) and 38 of 75 patients (50.7%) developed grade 2 or greater radiation dermatitis in the test and control arms, respectively (absolute difference, 17.4%$$$ 95% confidence interval, 4%‐30%$$$ P =.032). Fifteen of 75 patients (20%) developed grade 3 reactions in the test arm compared with 18 of 75 patients (24%) in the control arm (absolute difference, 4%$$$ 95% confidence interval, 7%‐15%$$$ P =.554). Conclusion: Although prophylactic use of betamethasone significantly reduced the composite outcome of the proportion of patients developing grade 2 and grade 3 radiation dermatitis, it did not reduce the proportion of patients developing the clinically significant outcome of grade 3 radiation dermatitis.
Nursing Procedures for the Prevention and Treatment of Mucositis Induced by Cancer Therapies: clinical Practice Guideline Based on an Interdisciplinary Consensus Process and a Systematic Literature Search$$$ Background: Patients with cancer receiving tumor therapy often suffer from oral mucositis. Objectives: The aim of this project was to summarize experiences with nursing procedures by experts in integrative oncology and to establish recommendations for nursing interventions that can prevent or cure mucositis. Methods: The study design was an interdisciplinary consensus process based on a systematic literature search. Results: The panel discussed and agreed on 19 nursing procedures, which included mouthwashes, such as teas, supplements, oil applications, and different kinds of ice cubes to suck, as well as flaxseed solution, propolis, and mare milk. Twelve interventions were classified as effective, with effectiveness for OraLife, propolis, sea buckthorn pulp oil, marshmallow root tea also for xerostomia, Helago chamomile oil, mare milk, and Saliva Natura rated as highly effective in clinical experience. In the systematic literature search, a total of 12 out of 329 randomized controlled trials and meta‐analyses on chamomile (n = 3), Calendula (n = 1) and sage (n = 1), propolis (n = 2), and sucking ice cubes (cryotherapy$$$ n = 5) met all inclusion criteria. Trial evidence for effectiveness in oral mucositis was revealed for propolis and cryotherapy. Conclusions: The current evidence supports the use of some nursing procedures (f.e. propolis for 2 and 3 grade mucositis) for improving oral mucositis during cancer therapies. There is still a need to define general clinical practice guidelines for the supportive treatment of mucositis, as well as for more interdisciplinary research in this area.
Mediterranean-style diet in pregnant women with metabolic risk factors (ESTEEM): a pragmatic multicentre randomised trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Pregnant women with metabolic risk factors are at high risk of complications. We aimed to assess whether a Mediterranean‐style diet reduces adverse pregnancy outcomes in high‐risk women. CONCLUSIONS: A simple, individualised, Mediterranean‐style diet in pregnancy did not reduce the overall risk of adverse maternal and offspring complications but has the potential to reduce gestational weight gain and the risk of gestational diabetes. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT02218931. METHODS AND FINDINGS: We conducted a multicentre randomised trial in 5 maternity units (4 in London and 1 in Birmingham) between 12 September 2014 and 29 February 2016. We randomised inner‐city pregnant women with metabolic risk factors (obesity, chronic hypertension, or hypertriglyceridaemia) to a Mediterranean‐style diet with high intake of nuts, extra virgin olive oil, fruits, vegetables, nonrefined grains, and legumes$$$ moderate to high consumption of fish$$$ low to moderate intake of poultry and dairy products$$$ low intake of red and processed meat$$$ and avoidance of sugary drinks, fast food, and food rich in animal fat versus usual care. Participants received individualised dietary advice at 18, 20, and 28 weeks' gestation. The primary endpoints were composite maternal (gestational diabetes or preeclampsia) and composite offspring (stillbirth, small for gestational age, or admission to neonatal care unit) outcomes prioritised by a Delphi survey. We used an intention‐to‐treat (ITT) analysis with multivariable models and identified the stratification variables and prognostic factors a priori. We screened 7,950 and randomised 1,252 women. Baseline data were available for 593 women in the intervention (93.3% follow‐up, 553/593) and 612 in the control (95.6% follow‐up, 585/612) groups. Over a quarter of randomised women were primigravida (330/1,205$$$ 27%), 60% (729/1,205) were of Black or Asian ethnicity, and 69% (836/1,205) were obese. Women in the intervention arm consumed more nuts (70.1% versus 22.9%$$$ adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 6.8, 95% confidence interval [CI] 4.3‐10.6, p ≤ 0.001) and extra virgin olive oil (93.2% versus 49.0%$$$ aOR 32.2, 95% CI 16.0‐64.6, p ≤ 0.001) than controls$$$ increased their intake of fish (p < 0.001), white meat (p < 0.001), and pulses (p = 0.05)$$$ and reduced their intake of red meat (p < 0.001), butter, margarine, and cream (p < 0.001). There was no significant reduction in the composite maternal (22.8% versus 28.6%$$$ aOR 0.76, 95% CI 0.56‐1.03, p = 0.08) or composite offspring (17.3% versus 20.9%$$$ aOR 0.79, 95% CI 0.58‐1.08, p = 0.14) outcomes. There was an apparent reduction in the odds of gestational diabetes by 35% (aOR 0.65, 95% CI 0.47‐0.91, p = 0.01) but not in other individual components of the composite outcomes. Mothers gained less gestational weight (mean 6.8 versus 8.3 kg$$$ adjusted difference ‐1.2 Kg, 95% CI ‐2.2 to ‐0.2, p = 0.03) with intervention versus control. There was no difference in any of the other maternal and offspring complications between both groups. When we pooled findings from the Effect of Simple, Targeted Diet in Pregnant Women With Metabolic Risk Factors on Pregnancy Outcomes (ESTEEM) trial with similar trials using random effects meta‐analysis, we observed a significant reduction in gestational diabetes (odds ratio [OR] 0.67, 95% CI 0.53‐0.84, I2 = 0%), with no heterogeneity (2 trials, 2,397 women). The study's limitations include the use of participant reported tools for adherence to the intervention instead of objective biomarkers.
Dairy intake and its associations with bone mineral density and trabecular bone score in the VITamin D and OmegA-3 TriaL (VITAL)$$$ Higher intakes of dairy products have been associated with greater lumbar spine bone mineral density (BMD) in adults taking vitamin D supplements.1 Therefore, dairy intakes may have beneficial effects on bone. In this study, we investigated whether there were similar associations in the VITamin D and OmegA‐3 TriaL (VITAL) between dairy intake (servings/ week of milk, cream, cheese, or yogurt, individually and combined) and BMD at the spine, femoral neck, total hip, and whole body. Additionally, we assessed whether dairy intake was associated with Trabecular Bone Score (TBS), a structural measure of bone.VITAL is a 2X2 factorial randomized controlled trial (RCT) investigating whether a median of 5‐years of supplemental cholecalciferol (2000 IU/day) and/or omega (ω)‐3 fatty acids (1 g/d) in 25,874 US men ≥50 years and women ≥55 years is of benefit in the primary prevention of cancer and cardiovascular disease. In‐person assessments were completed at baseline and 2‐years post‐randomization in a subcohort of 771 participants (46.8% women, 53.2% men) in the VITAL: Effects on Bone Structure and Architecture ancillary study.2,3 A detailed food frequency questionnaire was used to collect dairy and vitamin/mineral supplement intakes at baseline, and BMD was determined by dual‐energy X‐ray absorptiometry (Discovery W$$$ APEX Version 4.2, Hologic, Bedford, MA). TBS was derived from the lumbar spine DXA images (Medimaps Version 2.1, Geneva, Switzerland). The statistical analyses below were adjusted for age, race, sex, and BMI.At baseline, participants had a mean age of 63.79 ± 6.13 years and a mean of 11.17±0.57 servings of milk, yogurt and cheese per week (Table 1). There were no significant associations at baseline between combined or separate dairy intakes and BMD at the spine, femoral neck, total hip or whole body or TBS. Analyses on the effects of dairy intakes on two‐year changes in bone health outcomes are in progress and will be assessed. The RCT design of VITAL will evaluate, without bias, whether baseline intakes of dairy products modify effects of supplemental vitamin D on bone density and other structural measures.References: 1. Sahni S, et al. J Nutr. 2017 Apr$$$ 147(4):645‐6522. LeBoff MS, et al. Contemp Clin Trials. 2015 Mar$$$41:259‐683. Donlon CM, et al. Contemp Clin Trials. 2018 Apr$$$67:56‐67.
The management of radiation-induced skin toxicities in women with breast cancer: the impact of a systematic in-patient controlled clinical trial on patient well-being$$$ Breast cancer is the most common malignancy for women in New Zealand. The majority will receive radiation therapy as part of their treatment regime, and radiation‐induced skin toxicities (erythema, dry desquamation, moist desquamation) will occur in 80‐90% of patients by treatment completion. Skin toxicities can seriously impact on a patient's mental and physical wellbeing and yet currently there is no standard treatment with practice being based on historical and anecdotal evidence alone. An initial single centre stage II randomised controlled trial comparing the efficacy of a silicon foam dressing with the (then) current standard treatment of aqueous cream (the control) was followed by a similar multi‐centre trial. A total of 104 patients were enrolled across both trials$$$ all received 50 Gy in 25 fractions and patients doubled as their own controls to eliminate confounding patient and treatment‐related factors. The trial endpoint was moist desquamation (MD). Toxicities were measured using the Radiation‐ Induced Skin Reaction Scale (RISRAS) which includes participant as well as the researcher components. As each participant's experience is unique, this scale adds valuable depth to the data since the level of reaction observed does not always reflect the degree of discomfort and distress experienced by the patient. The statistical analysis used ANOVA design of repeated measurement of paired patches for the 'combined' and researcher scores and the non‐parametric Wilcoxon signed rank test for patient scores. The analysis clearly demonstrated a significant (42%) toxicity decrease (p < 0.001). An intriguing incongruity became apparent when the percentage of our patients progressing to MD (16% control area v 0% trial area) was compared with the patient cohort from other centres (56% control area v 30% trial area). Hypothesizing about this disparity resulted in our current research examining the correlation between the level of holistic care afforded to patients and the intensity of reactions experienced/observed.
Dietary Diversity Feeding Practice and Its Associated Factors among Infants and Young Children Aged between 6 and 23 Months in Birbir Town, Southern Ethiopia$$$ A significant proportion of infant and young child mortality can be prevented by the provision of a diverse diet. Globally, an estimated 45% of deaths of children under the age of 5 are because of malnutrition. More than two‐thirds of these deaths are associated with inappropriate child‐feeding practices. This situation is the worst in Ethiopia. Thus, the objective of this study was to determine the status of dietary diversity and identify relevant variables. A community‐based cross‐sectional study was conducted with 335 randomly selected mothers/caregivers who had infants and young children aged between 6 and 23 months. Data were collected by interview with a structured questionnaire. The data were analyzed using SPSS Version 23. A multivariable logistic regression model was fitted to identify factors associated with dietary diversity practices and statistical significance was declared at p<0.05. Only 12.6% (95% CI$$$ 9.2, 16.6) of children aged 6 to 23 months had adequate dietary diversity. Having a backyard garden and primary education were associated with adequate dietary diversity practices. In this study, the status of adequate dietary diversity feeding practice is low. Therefore, interventions targeting dietary diversity should encourage households to have backyard gardens, and strengthening counseling of mothers/caregivers attending antenatal care and postnatal care is proposed for achieving adequate dietary diversity practices.
A randomised phase IIb trial to assess the efficacy of ReCharge ice cream in preventing chemotherapy-induced diarrhoea$$$ PURPOSE: Chemotherapy‐induced diarrhoea (CID) has a significant impact. A medicinal food product (ReCharge) containing iron‐saturated lactoferrin and anhydrous milk fat reduces the detrimental effects of chemotherapy on the gut in animals. We report results of a randomised blinded placebo‐controlled phase IIb trial investigating the efficacy and safety of ReCharge in preventing CID. METHODS: Eligible patients were adults due to start the first cycle of a 2‐ or 3‐week‐cycle chemotherapy regimen, had an Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) status of 3 or less, had adequate haematological, liver and renal function and provided written informed consent. Patients (197) were randomised to ReCharge or placebo. They consumed 100‐g study product for 2 weeks before and 6 weeks after starting chemotherapy, completed daily diaries for 8 weeks and attended clinic visits until 12 weeks (2‐week cycles) or 14 weeks (3‐week cycles). The primary outcome was days with CID. RESULTS: The mean number of days with diary‐recorded CID was marginally but not statistically significantly lower on ReCharge than placebo (‐2.0, 95 % CI (‐4.7 to 0.7), p = 0.2). The proportion reporting diarrhoea in the previous cycle at the clinic visit was 30 % lower (p = 0.012) on ReCharge. Missing diary data may have contributed to the discrepancy. No significant differences were found in quality of life or other adverse events. CONCLUSIONS: We found no clear evidence that ReCharge reduced CID as measured by patient self‐report diary. The converse finding of benefit as recorded at clinic visits and incomplete adherence to diary completion indicates that further research is required into methods for measuring CID.
Plant stanol esters in low-fat milk products lower serum total and LDL cholesterol$$$ BACKGROUND: Oil‐based matrices enriched with plant stanol esters lower serum LDL cholesterol. The effects of low‐fat milk products have been less thoroughly examined. AIM OF THE STUDY: To evaluate the effect of three less explored low‐fat milk products enriched with plant stanol esters on serum lipid concentrations in subjects with mild or moderate hypercholesterolemia. METHODS: A meta‐analysis of four unpublished sub‐studies (yoghurt, yoghurt single‐shot drink: Studies I and II, or milk). All the substudies were randomized, placebo‐controlled, double‐blind and had a parallel‐group design. They were carried out in order to evaluate the effect of low‐fat milk products enriched with plant stanol esters on serum lipid concentration. Each stanol‐ester‐enriched milk product provided 2 g of stanols per day, and in each study the intervention period was 5 weeks. A total of 199 hypercholesterolemic subjects completed the studies. RESULTS: The pooled treatment difference in total cholesterol was ‐3.8% (95% CI ‐6.0 to ‐1.7, p < 0.001) when stanol was compared to placebo. In LDL cholesterol, the pooled treatment difference was ‐4.9% (95% CI ‐7.8 to ‐1.8, p = 0.002). There were no significant differences between the groups in pooled HDL cholesterol or triacylglycerol concentrations. The results tended to be more pronounced when we were certain that the yoghurt single‐shot drink was ingested with lunch, and when the baseline LDL‐cholesterol concentration was > or = 3.5 mmol/l. CONCLUSIONS: These results imply that low‐fat milk products enriched with plant stanol esters lower both total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol statistically significantly in subjects with mild or moderate hypercholesterolemia. The changes tended to relate to the baseline LDL‐cholesterol concentration.
Rationale and design of the Tanzania Vitamin and HIV Infection Trial$$$ We present the rationale and design of a randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial of vitamin supplements among HIV‐positive pregnant women in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania. Higher levels of intake of vitamins A, B, C, and E may decrease the risk of vertical transmission and progression of HIV infection by enhancing maternal and infant immune function$$$ by reducing viral load in the blood, breast milk, or lower genital tract secretions$$$ and/or by strengthening the placental barrier to infection. Eligible pregnant women were randomized to receive vitamin A, multivitamins excluding A, vitamin A and multivitamins, or placebo. The main endpoints include vertical transmission of HIV infection, as assessed by examination of infection in infants using polymerase chain reaction (PCR), and progression of HIV disease as measured by the WHO clinical staging system. Over a period of 2 years, 13,876 women were tested for HIV infection, with appropriate pre‐ and posttest counseling, to enroll 1085 consenting HIV‐positive women. The trial assesses women and their children once a month for a minimum of 18 months after delivery or up to the end of this 5‐year study. We examine recruitment strategies and means of enhancing cohort retention in long‐term follow‐up. We assess compliance with the use of supplements by direct questioning, by counting pills, and biochemically by using serum beta‐carotene and urine riboflavin levels. Briefly, we discuss ethical issues related to the conduct of AIDS prevention trials in this setting. In sub‐Saharan Africa, most HIV‐infected persons lack access to the relevant antiretroviral and prophylactic drugs, and the region urgently needs low‐cost treatments and preventive strategies. The Tanzania trial should provide valuable data to address the effect of vitamin supplements in the transmission and progression of HIV infection.
Silymarin (Milk Thistle) can revoke liver enzyme changes during chemotherapy of breast cancer with Taxanes$$$ Introduction: Drug associated liver injury is common and anticancer agents have been associated with inducing liver dysfunction, too. The present study was designed to evaluate the effect of silymarin (Milk Thistle) in reducing the hepatic side effects of taxane when used in chemotherapy of breast cancer. Methods: This study was conducted on 99 patients with invasive breast carcinoma receiving chemotherapy contained adriamycin, epirubicin, cyclophosphamide, docetaxel, and paclitaxel. The patients were randomized into 2 groups and given silymarin 70. mg PO three times daily or placebo during their treatment course. The patients were assessed by liver function tests (LFT) after each dose of taxane and results were analyzed statistically. Results: The patients had mild rises in serum glutamic oxaloacetic transaminase (SGOT), serum glutamic‐pyruvic transaminases (SGPT), and bilirubin in both groups during the study. However, the changes were less notable in the study group. The differences were statistically significant for rises in SGOT and SGPT (23.3 ± 2.3 vs 1.7 ± 1.5 for SGOT and 27.8 ± 0.6 vs 23.7 ± 0.3 for SGPT in the control and case groups respectively). Conclusion: There was a rise in some of the LFT indices after the chemotherapy, with more than 2‐fold rise in SGOT, SGPT, and bilirubin which indicated liver injury. The addition of silymarin alleviated these effects considerably.
Determining the nutritional boundaries for replacing lactose with glucose in milk replacers for calves fed twice daily$$$ The effect of replacing lactose with glucose on the gastrointestinal system of young calves at levels above 20% diet inclusion in milk replacer (MR) is not well described. The aim of this study was to determine tolerance to glucose inclusion at the direct expense of lactose on glucose metabolism, health, and growth performance in Holstein male calves. In total, 110 Holstein male dairy calves (16 ± 2.5 d and 50.3 ± 0.2 kg) were acquired from a commercial collection center. After an adaptation period of 3 d, 100 calves were selected for the study based on health parameters. Calves were blocked based on body weight measured on d 4 after arrival. Within each block, calves were randomly assigned to 1 of 5 levels of glucose inclusion (replacing lactose): 0% (L1, n = 20), 10% (L2, n = 20), 20% (L3, n = 20), 30% (L4, n = 20), and 40% (L5, n = 20), leading to an estimated osmolality range from 417 (L1) to 586 mOsm/kg (L5). Carbohydrates were exchanged based on hexose equivalents, and glucose delivery was standardized across treatments, while the rest of the formula (60%) remained unchanged. Calves received L1 during the adaptation period of 3 d and were then exposed to their respective treatment until d 47 after arrival. Milk replacer was provided daily in 2 equally sized meals. Meal size was 2.0 L during the 3‐d adaptation period and gradually increased to 4.0 L until weaning (d 35 after arrival). During weaning, meal size decreased from 4.0 to 2.0 L on d 36, and MR was withdrawn on d 48 after arrival. Straw and concentrates were offered ad libitum from d 25 onward. Calves had ad libitum access to water throughout the study. Measurements included daily feed intakes, weekly body weight, and weekly spot feces sampling in all calves. Blood samples were collected on d 18. Additionally, postprandial responses of insulin and glucose were measured in 6 calves per treatment on d 19, 20, and 21. Increasing glucose inclusion (at the direct expense of lactose) in MR did not affect growth but linearly increased mortality, which was as high as 25% (5/20) in L5. Mortality was primarily associated with gastrointestinal disorders (6/11). At higher glucose levels, calves needed greater serum insulin concentrations to control glycemia, as shown by a linear increase in the area under the curve for insulin. Furthermore, calves needed more time to control glycemia, as indicated by a linear increase in the maximal concentration of insulin. Consequently, there was a linear increase in area under the curve for glucose. Even though calves needed more time and higher insulin concentrations for 30% glucose inclusion and higher, the glucose‐to‐insulin ratio did not differ across treatments. However, high glucose inclusion levels in MR affected calf mortality and is not a suitable strategy for lactose replacement.
No differences between Calendula cream and aqueous cream in the prevention of acute radiation skin reactions--results from a randomised blinded trial$$$ PURPOSE: The purpose of this blinded, randomized clinical trial was to compare two topical agents (Calendula Weleda cream vs. Essex cream) in reducing the risk of severe acute radiation skin reactions (ARSR) in relation to adjuvant radiotherapy (RT) for breast cancer. METHOD: The primary endpoint was the difference in proportion of patients with ARSR, assessed with the Radiation Therapy Oncology Group/The Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer Acute Radiation Morbidity Scoring Criteria (RTOG/EORTC scale) at follow‐up. The secondary endpoints included patient reported outcome measures$$$ Quality of Life Questionnaire (QLQ‐C30), Sleep disturbances (MOS‐sleep questionnaire) and symptoms from the irradiated area (visual analogue scale). Patients' experiences and adherence to the topical agents were also evaluated. RESULTS: A total of 420 patients were randomised and 411 were analysed. With the exception of previous chemotherapy, the treatment groups were well balanced, both regarding treatment‐ and patient‐related factors. The incidence of severe ARSR (RTOG/EORTC grade ≤2) at the follow‐up visit was 23% (n = 45) in the Calendula group and 19% (n = 38) in the Essex group. We found no difference in severe ARSR between the groups at any point of assessment. The patients reported low levels of skin related symptoms and no statistically significant differences between the groups were found. CONCLUSIONS: No differences in ARSR between patients randomised to Calendula or Essex cream was found. ARSR seem to be a relatively limited problem, probably more influenced by treatment related factors than by choice of skin care products in this patient group.
PROCAPP: a randomized, open-label phase III trial comparing mapisal and urea hand-foot cream as prophylaxis for capecitabine-induced hand-foot skin reaction (HFSR) in patients (pts) with gastrointestinal (GI) tumors or breast cancer-A study of the AIO Quality of Life Working Group$$$ Background: HFSR is a frequently occurring dermatologic reaction associated with capecitabine (CAPE). Thus far, no effective prophylaxis has been established, but urea‐containing skin ointments are frequently used. Mapisal (medac, Wedel, Germany) is a topically applied ointment with high radical protection factor currently investigated as a prevention strategy against HFSR. It has shown preliminary activity as prophylaxis against HFSR in patients treated with pegylated liposomal doxorubicin. Methods: This randomized phase‐III study compared treatment with Mapisal and an urea (10%) containing cream as prophylaxis for HFSR in pts with GI tumors or breast cancer treated with CAPE. The primary endpoint was prevention of HFSR of any grade within 6 weeks based on a standardized patient diary. Pts were randomized in a 1:1 ratio and stratified according to sex and CAPE dose. The study had 80% power to show an absolute 20% reduction of the incidence of overall grade HFSR with Mapisal (30% ‐> 10%) with a type I error of 5%. Herein, we report on the first preliminary data. Secondary endpoints were time to develope HFSR >grade 1, CAPE dose intensity, and Qol analyses (EORTC QlQ C30 & DLQI). Results: Between 05/12 and 09/13, 160 pts were enrolled. 152 pts are evaluable for the current analysis. Median age was 65 years, 96 pts were female (60.0%). 63 pts had breast cancer (41.4%), 89 pts had GI tumors. In total, 47 / 152 pts experienced HFSR (30.9%). 30 out of 77 pts (39.0%) receiving Mapisal experienced HFSR (grades 1/2/3 [%]: 66.7 / 26.7 / 6.7 of total events). In the urea arm, 17 out of 75 pts (22.7%) reported HFSR (grades 1/2/3 [%]: 52.9 / 41.2 / 5.9). Using Mantel‐Haenszel chi‐squared test the stratified common odds ratio was 2.365 (95%‐CI 1.154 ‐ 4.848$$$ p=0.027). Conclusions: Mapisal failed to show superiority over an urea‐containing cream as prophylaxis for CAPE‐associated HFSR. The final analysis will be presented at the meeting. Studies on the use of Mapisal as prophylaxis of HFSR in patients receiving pegylated liposomal doxorubicin are ongoing.
Randomized, Prospective, Open-label Phase III Trial Comparing Mebo Ointment With Biafine Cream for the Management of Acute Dermatitis During Radiotherapy for Breast Cancer$$$ Purpose: Acute radiation dermatitis is a common side‐effect of radiotherapy in breast cancer and has a profound impact on patients' quality of life, due to pain and discomfort. The aim of this study is to compare the effect of β‐sitosterol (Mebo) ointment to trolamine (Biafine) cream for the prevention and treatment of radiation dermatitis in breast cancer patients receiving adjuvant radiation therapy. Materials and Methods: This is a prospective open‐label randomized phase III study developed to assess the efficacy of 2 topical agents used for management of acute radiation dermatitis. Female breast cancer patients who needed a course of radiation therapy in our institution were enrolled and randomized into 2 groups 1 with Mebo ointment and 1 with Biafine cream. Both medications were applied twice per day during the whole period of treatment and skin reactions and related symptoms were assessed weekly during the entire course. Grading of skin reactions was done according to the Radiation Therapy Oncology Group grading system. Results: Between September 2015 and May 2017, a total of 161 patients were recruited for this trial. Mean age was similar for both groups (50.19 12.57 vs. 51.7311.23, respectively, P=0.41). All other patients and treatment characteristics were similar in both groups, except for the use of boost (82.7% in the Biafine group vs. 36.7% in Mebo group, P =0.012). Analysis was done for reactions recorded before the beginning of the boost and for the entire course including the boost. Using univariate and multivariate analysis, there was no significant difference in grades 2 and 3 dermatitis between the 2 groups. However, the incidence of severe pruritus and severe local skin pain were both significantly reduced in the Mebo group (14.1% in Biafine vs. 2.9% in Mebo, P=0.016 for pruritus and 11.5% vs. 1.4%, respectively, P=0.02 for severe pain). Conclusions: This study showed no difference between Mebo and Biafine in the incidence and severity of breast skin dermatitis during radiation therapy. However, the use of Mebo ointment was associated with decreased severe pruritus and pain which could positively affect patient comfort and quality of life.
Study to compare the effectiveness of Lotion and Calendula Cream versus Chamomile Cream in an attempt to prevent Skin Reactions in patients with Breast Cancer$$$ INTERVENTION: Other Radiation Radiotherapy, Adjuvant The study will be performed in a single institution, in female patients with breast cancer who will be submitted to adjuvant radiotherapy after conservative surgery in an attempt to prevent grade 2 radiodermatitis. Radiodermatitis is the reaction that occurs in the skin in patients treated with radiotherapy. It is considered acute when it occurs from the beginning of the radiotherapy sessions up to 90 days of the treatment performed. The event that will be considered as the primary objective will be to avoid radiodermatitis grade 2 or higher, using the "Radiation Therapy Oncology Group ‐ RTOG" (annex 1). The study will evaluate the efficacy of the following topical agents: 1) manipulated chamomile cream (control group) on one arm and 2) manufactured calendula cream or manufactured calendula lotion (experimental or intervention group) on the second arm. The study will contain two different arms, each arm will have 25 patients. That is: Control group: 25 women will be treated with adjuvant radiotherapy with a final dose of 6000cGy, using manipulated chamomile cream, three times a day in the irradiated area, in an attempt to prevent grade 2 radiodermatitis. Experimental group: 25 women will be treated with adjuvant radiotherapy with a final dose of 6000cGy, using Calendula cream or lotion from Boiron three times a day in the irradiated area, in an attempt to prevent grade 2 radiodermatitis. The manufactured or manipulated products will be transferred to identical bottles and will be delivered randomly by the institution's pharmacy, so that neither health professionals nor patients know which product is being used during the treatment. The patients will be seen by two different health professionals at the same time in CONDITION: Breast neoplasm$$$ segmental mastectomy$$$ radio dermatitis $$$ Breast Neoplasms $$$ Mastectomy, Segmental $$$ Radiodermatitis Breast Neoplasms C00‐D48 Mastectomy, Segmental Radiodermatitis PRIMARY OUTCOME: Determine the effectiveness of the calendula cream or lotion in preventing radiodermatitis grade 2 and higher in patients with breast cancer, comparing them with patients using chamomile cream. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Describe the toxic effects in each treatment. (eg allergic reactions). Observe the effectiveness of the treatments (Calendula Cream or Lotion versus Chamomile Cream), comparing the time until the occurrence of grade II radiodermatitis, adjusted with social‐demographic and clinical characteristics. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Female gender$$$ Ductal Carcinoma in situ or Invasive$$$ Lobular Carcinoma Invasive. Clinical stages 0$$$ I$$$ II or III (annex 2). Karnofsky performance scale (KPS) greater than or equal to 70% (annex 3). Age 18 years or older. Free and Informed Consent Form (annex 4) signed by the patient consenting to undergo the study. Treatment with adjuvant radiotherapy with a total dose of 6000cGy and without treatment to the lymphatic drainage of the supra clavicular fossa.
Clinical evaluation of safety and efficacy of Boswellia-based cream for prevention of adjuvant radiotherapy skin damage in mammary carcinoma: a randomized placebo controlled trial$$$ OBJECTIVE: Acute radiation erythema and other skin reactions are common adverse effects experienced by breast carcinoma patients undergoing radiotherapy treatment. Boswellic acids are pentacyclic triterpenes extracted from the resins of the tropical tree Boswellia serrata with strong anti‐inflammatory properties. This study was designed to evaluate the safety and the efficacy of the application of a base cream containing boswellic acids in a proprietary formulation (Bosexil(R)) for the prevention and relief of radiation‐induced adverse effects in breast cancer patients. PATIENTS AND METHODS: The acute skin reactions were clinically evaluated by visual intensity and computer‐assisted skin color analysis, and toxicity was assessed by the Radiation Therapy Oncology Group (RTOG) rating scale. RESULTS: These findings indicate that the use of a boswellia‐based cream is effective in reducing the use of topical corticosteroids and is able to reduce the grade of erythema and the skin superficial symptoms, being well tolerated by the patients. CONCLUSIONS: Further studies comparing boswellia cream with other topical agents will be appropriate to confirm the effectiveness of this treatment for breast cancer patients under radiation therapy.
Efficacy and safety of Jianpishengsui for chemotherapy-related fatigue in patients with non-small cell lung cancer: study protocol for a randomized placebo-controlled clinical trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Chemotherapy‐related fatigue (CRF) is a common symptom in non‐small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients. A Chinese herbal formula cream for oral application, called Jianpishengsui (JPSS), is extensively used in the First Affiliated Hospital of Guangzhou University of Chinese Medicine as an internal preparation for CRF and is associated with a promising response. Due to the lack of high‐quality clinical evidence, a randomized placebo‐controlled trial is required to assess the efficacy and safety of JPSS. METHODS/DESIGN: The efficacy and safety of JPSS herbal formula cream will be evaluated through a prospective, randomized, placebo‐controlled trial conducted in the First Affiliated Hospital of Guangzhou University of Chinese Medicine. NSCLC patients with CRF will be randomized into two groups at a ratio of 1:1. Each group will receive either 15 g of the oral JPSS herbal formula cream or placebo twice a day from day 6 to day 20 during two courses of paclitaxel + platinum/docetaxel + platinum/pemetrexed + platinum (TP/DP/AP) chemotherapy. The primary endpoint is the difference in the degree of fatigue between baseline (the day before the start of the intervention) and day 42, which will be assessed by the Revised Piper Fatigue Scale score. The secondary endpoints are quality of life (measured by the 43‐item European Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer Quality of Life Questionnaire‐Lung Cancer C43), Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group Performance Status, and Traditional Chinese Medicine syndrome score. The toxicity of the treatments will also be evaluated at the same time. All outcomes will be measured at baseline, day 6, day 21, and day 42 of the treatment. DISCUSSION: This randomized trial will investigate the efficacy and safety of JPSS applied for CRF in patients with NSCLC. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Chinese Clinical Trial Registry, ChiCTR1900023451. Registered on 28 May 2019.
Randomized, self-controlled, prospective assessment of the efficacy of mometasone furoate local application in reducing acute radiation dermatitis in patients with head and neck squamous cell carcinomas$$$ BACKGROUND: Acute radiation dermatitis (ARD) is a common adverse effect in patients undergoing radiotherapy. Mometasone furoate cream (MMF) was reported to significantly reduce ARD, especially in breast cancer. Clinically, ARD is more critical and more difficult to prevent in patients with head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) than in those with breast cancer, because a higher dose of radiotherapy is required in HNSCC cases. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of MMF local application on radiation dermatitis in patients with HNSCC. METHODS: HNSCC patients scheduled for bilateral radical radiotherapy to the neck with identical radiation doses were enrolled. One side of the neck skin (test groups) of the patients were randomized to apply a thin layer of MMF once a day from the date of first radiotherapy until either 2 weeks after end of radiotherapy or until the test side skin developed ARD lesions, while the other side of neck (control groups) didn't apply any medication. The severity of ARD was evaluated weekly by using the modified radiation therapy oncology group score, pain intensity, and itch stages. RESULTS: Forty‐one patients (82 targets) were analyzed. There was a significant difference between the ARD scores on the test side and the control side. MMF reduced the stages of ARD when the radiotherapy dose was <6000 cGY (P = .01) but showed no improvement when the dose was ≥6000 cGY (P = .699). Compared to the control side, local application of MMF significantly reduced the itch and pain scores of the test side skin regardless of the radiotherapy dose and ARD stage (P < .001) during radiotherapy. CONCLUSIONS: This study showed that MMF inunction after high‐dose radiotherapy (>50 Gy) can prevent ARD, especially when the radiation dose is <6000 cGY.
The effect of Mepitel Film on acute radiation-induced skin reactions in head and neck cancer patients: a feasibility study$$$ OBJECTIVE: Mepitel Film significantly decreases acute radiation‐induced skin reactions in breast cancer patients. Here we investigated the feasibility of using Mepitel Film in head and neck cancer patients (ACTRN12614000932662). METHODS: Out of a total of 36 head and neck cancer patients from New Zealand (NZ) (n = 24) and China (n = 12) recruited between June 2015 and December 2016, 33 patients complied with protocol. Of these, 11 NZ patients followed a management protocol$$$ 11 NZ patients and 11 Chinese patients followed a prophylactic protocol. An area of the neck receiving a homogenous radiation dose of > 35 Gy was divided into two equal halves$$$ one half was randomized to Film and the other to either Sorbolene cream (NZ) or Biafine cream (China). Skin reaction severity was measured by Radiation Induced Skin Reaction Assessment Scale and expanded Radiation Therapy Oncology Group toxicity criteria. Skin dose was measured by thermoluminescent dosimeters or gafchromic film. RESULTS: Film decreased overall skin reaction severity (combined Radiation Induced Skin Reaction Assessment Scale score) by 29% and moist desquamation rates by 37% in the Chinese cohort and by 27 and 28%, respectively in the NZ cohort. Mepitel Film did not affect head movements but did not adhere well to the skin, particularly in males with heavy beard stubble, and caused itchiness, particularly in Chinese patients. CONCLUSION: Mepitel Film reduced acute radiation‐induced skin reactions in our head and neck cancer patients, particularly in patients without heavy stubble. Advances in knowledge: This is the first study to confirm the feasibility of using Mepitel Film in head and neck cancer patients.
1% topical pimecrolimus cream for the prevention of rash associated with the use of the EGFR antagonist cetuximab$$$ Background: Acneform rash is associated with cetuximab, can be treatment limiting and has been shown to correlate with tumor response. The rash is thought to have an inflammatory component therefore we are investigating pimecrolimus cream, to see if the immunomodulatory effects in pimecrolimus cream will prevent the rash. Methods: This is a double blind, randomized, placebo controlled study. Patients who are being started on cetuximab for any indication will be recruited to the study. The sample size will be twenty‐four patients. Patients will be asked to apply cream to one their face$$$ one side is placebo and the other side is 1% pimecrolimus cream. Pimecrolimus and placebo are provided in identical containers. Patients are followed for two weeks$$$ at the end of two weeks the treatment side will be unblinded. If treatment appears to prevent the rash or rash appears to be less on the treated side, then patients may then apply 1% pimecrolimus cream to both sides of their face. Patients were then followed for two more weeks. We will also determine the effect of the rash on quality of life of patients, as determined by the Dermatology Life Quality Index. Results: We assess the efficacy based on the incidence or intensity of rash (NCI version 4 grading system). 10 patients have been accrued to this study. Three patients had rash data at baseline only, while 7 patients had rash data at both baseline and 2 (or/and 4) weeks. There is no significant difference between two sides. However, with continued accrual to 24 patients, the Bayesian predictive probability in favor of the experimental treatment will be less than 0.024. The predictive probability in favor of the experimental treatment will be less than 0.0001 assuming 14.3% response rate, while this probability will be 0.513 assuming 71.4% response rate (better than or the same as the placebo side). Conclusions: The planned interim analysis shows that pimecrolimus cream does not appear to affect acneform rash in patients being treated with cetuximab$$$ early reporting of this study is that the study is likely to be futile, however twelve patients are needed to confirm.
Effect of melatonin cream on acute radiation dermatitis in patients with primary breast cancer: a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial$$$ AIM: This was a double‐blind, placebo‐controlled randomized study investigating whether melatonin can protect against radiation dermatitis in women receiving radiation therapy for primary breast cancer. METHODS: Patients were included before radiation therapy and followed once weekly throughout treatment with a 3‐week follow‐up. Patients applied 1 g of cream to the irradiated skin twice daily, consisting of either 25 mg/g melatonin and 150 mg/g dimethyl sulfoxide, or placebo. Our outcomes were the Radiation Therapy Oncology Group's (RTOG) acute radiation morbidity scoring criteria for skin, a pixel analysis of erythema in clinical photographs, and patients' use of corticosteroid cream. Outcomes were evaluated once weekly throughout the trial. The primary outcomes were RTOG‐score and pixel analysis at 2 weeks follow‐up. Secondary outcomes were the use of corticosteroid cream and analyses of RTOG‐scores and pixel analyses throughout the trial. RESULTS: Sixty‐five patients were included, 17 dropped out, totaling 26 and 22 patients randomized to melatonin and placebo, respectively. RTOG‐scores and pixel analyses at 2 weeks follow‐up showed no difference p = .441 and p = .890, respectively). There was no difference in the use of corticosteroid cream (p = .055). Using logistic regression, the melatonin group had a higher likelihood of having a low RTOG‐score (p = .0016). The logistic regression showed no difference between the groups for the pixel analyses. CONCLUSION: Our primary outcome showed no difference in RTOG‐scores at 2 weeks follow‐up, however, the RTOG‐score over the entire duration of the study demonstrated a protective effect of melatonin. Further studies are warranted investigating higher doses of melatonin, and whether corticosteroids may influence the effect of melatonin cream against radiation dermatitis.
Topical cream containing nanoparticles with Vitamin E to prevent radiodermatitis in women with breast cancer: a clinical trial protocol$$$ OBJECTIVE: Little is known about the efficacy of products aiming to prevent radiodermatitis, which affects between 90‐95% of women with breast cancer. The use of antioxidants is promising, however, there is a lack of evidenceon their effectiveness. Here, the authors present a clinical trial protocol to evaluate the effects of applying a cream containing nanoparticles with vitamin E to prevent radiodermatitis in patients with breast cancer. METHOD: The protocol recommends that 108 women with breast cancer, receiving radiotherapy, are included in this triple‐blinded, randomized, controlled study at an oncology hospital. Patients will be divided in three groups of 36 individuals each: group A will receive a cream with lipid nanoparticles and vitamin E, group B will receive a cream without nanoparticles nor vitamin E, and group C will receive a cream with nanoparticles without vitamin E. The primary endpoints will evaluate the incidence, degree, and time of onset of radiodermatitis. The secondary endpoints will focus on the quality of life, symptoms, and local temperature. Patients will be assessed three times a week, from the start of their radiotherapy treatment to two weeks after the last session. This protocol was approved by the research ethics committee of the institutions involved and registered on an international trials database.
Topical silver sulfadiazine for the prevention of acute dermatitis during irradiation for breast cancer$$$ PURPOSE: This study aimed to evaluate the effectiveness of topical silver sulfadiazine (SSD) in preventing acute radiation dermatitis in women receiving radiotherapy for breast cancer. METHODS: A randomized controlled clinical trial was conducted on patients with breast cancer referred for radiotherapy after treatment with mastectomy and chemotherapy. The patients were randomized into the intervention (n = 51) and control (n = 51) groups and were instructed on general skin care during radiotherapy. The intervention group received SSD cream 1%, three times a day, 3 days a week, for 5 weeks during radiotherapy and one week thereafter. A blinded observer assessed the severity of dermatitis weekly (for 6 weeks) and graded it from 0 to 4 according to the Radiation Therapy Oncology Group criteria. RESULTS: The two groups were similar in baseline characteristics. Two patients in the control group discontinued the radiotherapy course because of severe skin injuries (grades 3 and 4). The intervention group encountered significantly less severe dermatitis during radiotherapy compared to the controls. The total score of skin injury was also lower in the intervention group compared with controls (5.49 ± 1.02 vs. 7.21 ± 1.76, p < 0.001). A multivariate analysis found that the use of SSD cream (p < 0.001) and flat chest wall anatomy (p = 0.008) were significantly associated with a decreased skin injury. CONCLUSIONS: SSD cream reduced the severity of radiation‐induced skin injury compared with general skin care alone. Further studies in patients with other types of cancer and also comparing SSD cream with other topical agents are warranted.
Smoking as an independent risk factor for severe skin reactions due to adjuvant radiotherapy for breast cancer$$$ Risk factors for severe acute radiation skin reactions (ARSR) have been described with conflicting results. The aim of this study was to identify risk factors for the development of severe ARSR in women undergoing adjuvant radiotherapy (RT) for breast cancer. 390 women were assessed at the first and final RT sessions and at followup. ARSR were measured by the Radiation Therapy Oncology Group/The Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer, Acute Radiation Morbidity Scoring Criteria (RTOG/EORTC scale). Patients reported symptoms using visual analogue scale (VAS). Health related quality of life was assessed by EORTC QLQ‐C30 and sleep disturbances by the MOS‐Sleep questionnaire. Clinical data included smoking status (carbon monoxide in expired air), body mass index (BMI) and treatment data. RT dose, ≥ 50 Gy (mean difference 1.9 CI: 1.0 to 3.5, p = 0.040), high BMI (mean difference 4.3 CI: 2.2 to 8.3, p < 0.001) and smoking (mean difference 2.5 CI. 1.1 to 5.7, p = 0.027) were the factors strongest related to severe ARSR. Patients' with severe ARSR reported higher levels of pain and increased sleeping problems. To stop smoking during RT is the best decision patients can make to reduce the risk for severe ARSR since smoking is an independent risk factor.
Does aqueous or sucralfate cream affect the severity of erythematous radiation skin reactions? A randomised controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Evidence on which to base decisions about the management of radiation skin reactions is lacking. The purpose of this study was to investigate whether sucralfate or aqueous cream reduced acute skin toxicity during radiotherapy to the head and neck, breast or anorectal area (phase A), and to evaluate the effect of hydrogels and dry dressings on moist desquamation (phase B). This paper presents the results of phase A. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Three hundred and fifty seven patients were randomised to apply aqueous cream, sucralfate cream or no cream to the irradiated area from day one of radical radiotherapy treatment. All patients were instructed to wash using unperfumed soap. Acute skin toxicity was measured using a modified radiation therapy oncology group (RTOG) score, reflectance spectrophotometry, patient diary card and dermatology life quality index (DLQI). A cost minimisation approach was used to compare the costs of each skin care approach. RESULTS: No consistent differences were found in the severity of skin reactions or levels of discomfort suffered by patients in each of the randomised groups. Patients with a higher body mass index, who smoked, received concomitant chemotherapy, boost or bolus during treatment were more likely to develop skin reactions. CONCLUSIONS: There is no evidence to support the prophylactic application of either of the creams tested for the prevention of radiation skin reactions. Our results show that it is possible to predict which patients are at greatest risk of skin reactions. We suggest that known risk factors should be incorporated into future study protocols.
Topical application of a sandal wood oil and turmeric based cream prevents radiodermatitis in head and neck cancer patients undergoing external beam radiotherapy: a pilot study$$$ OBJECTIVE: The study objective was to assess the effectiveness of a turmeric‐ and sandal wood oil‐containing cream [Vicco(®) turmeric cream (VTC)$$$ Vicco Laboratories, Parel, India] on radiodermatitis in patients with head and neck cancer undergoing radiotherapy. METHODS: A total of 50 patients with head and neck cancer requiring >60 Gy of curative radiotherapy/chemoradiotherapy were enrolled in the study. The volunteers were randomly divided into two groups of 25 patients. Group 1 was assigned to a topical application of Johnson's(®) baby oil (Johnson & Johnson Ltd, Baddi, India) and Group 2 for VTC. Prophylactic application of the cream was initiated on Day 1 and continued every day until 2 weeks after the end of treatment. Both agents were symmetrically applied within the irradiated field five times a day, and the acute skin reactions were assessed twice weekly in accordance with the Radiation Therapy Oncology Group scores by an investigator who was unaware of the details. RESULTS: The incidence of radiodermatitis increased with the exposure to radiation and was the highest in both groups at Week 7. However, a significant reduction in grades of dermatitis were seen in cohorts applying VTC at all time points, including 2 weeks post radiotherapy (p < 0.015 to p < 0.001). The occurrence of Grade 3 dermatitis was lower in the cohorts using VTC and was statistically significant (p < 0.01). Additionally, follow‐up observations 2 weeks after the completion of radiotherapy also showed a reduced degree of radiodermatitis in cohorts applying VTC, which was significant (p = 0.015). CONCLUSION: VTC is shown to be effective in preventing radiodermatitis and needs to be validated in larger double‐blind trials. ADVANCES IN KNOWLEDGE: For the first time, this study shows that the turmeric‐ and sandal oil‐based cream was effective in preventing radiation‐induced dermatitis.
Prophylaxis of Radiation-Induced Dermatitis in Patients With Breast Cancer Using Herbal Creams: a Prospective Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Radiation‐induced toxicity is a major limiting factor for prescribing radiation dose in cancer radiotherapy. Skin reaction to radiation is one of the primary concerns, which could affect quality of life of the patients both physically and mentally. Reviews of the literature show limited number of effective reagents for its prophylaxis. In this study, we attempted to determine whether prophylactic treatment of the 3 different herbal creams containing Centella asiatica, Cucumis sativus, and Thunbergia laurifolia extracts as well as a commercial moisturizing cream could reduce acute skin reaction in breast cancer patients undergoing radiotherapy. A total of 153 breast cancer patients undergoing radiotherapy were randomly assigned into 5 different groups with one group receiving no treatment. The patients were instructed to apply their designated creams once daily from their first radiotherapy session until 1‐month post‐irradiation. Their skins were graded by a radiation oncologist on a weekly basis until 1‐month post‐irradiation to identify any skin reactions. The results showed that the administration of the herbal creams or the moisturizing cream could neither reduce the severity nor delay the onset of dermatitis compared with the no treatment group. However, despite the limited benefits from the prophylaxis, the Cucumis sativus cream was shown to help with the skin recovery post‐irradiation. These results suggested that breast cancer patients undergoing radiotherapy should be advised to apply moisturizing cream to the area of irradiated skin.
Topical cream containing nanoparticles with vitamin e to prevent radiodermatitis in women with breast cancer: a clinical trial protocol$$$ Objective: Little is known about the efficacy of products aiming to prevent radiodermatitis, which affects between 90‐95% of women with breast cancer. The use of antioxidants is promising, however, there is a lack of evidenceon their effectiveness. Here, the authors present a clinical trial protocol to evaluate the effects of applying a cream containing nanoparticles with vitamin E to prevent radiodermatitis in patients with breast cancer. Method: The protocol recommends that 108 women with breast cancer,receiving radiotherapy, are included in this triple‐blinded, randomized, controlled study at an oncology hospital. Patients will be divided in three groups of 36 individuals each: group A will receive a cream with lipid nanoparticles and vitamin E, group B will receive a cream without nanoparticles nor vitamin E, and group C will receive a cream with nanoparticles without vitamin E. The primary endpoints will evaluate the incidence, degree, and time of onset of radiodermatitis. The secondary endpoints will focus on the quality of life, symptoms, and local temperature. Patients will be assessed three times a week, from the start of their radiotherapy treatment to two weeks after the last session. This protocol was approved by the research ethics committee of the institutions involved and registered on an international trials database.
Topical application of a cream containing nanoparticles with vitamin E for radiodermatitis prevention in women with breast cancer: a randomized, triple-blind, controlled pilot trial$$$ PURPOSE: Most topical agents for radiodermatitis prevention are not based on its pathophysiology, mainly caused by the indirect effects of radiation from reactive oxygen species release. Therefore, this study aimed to evaluate the effect of vitamin E‐containing nanoparticle cream as an antioxidant for radiodermatitis prevention. METHOD: A randomized, triple‐blind, parallel pilot study conducted in an Oncology Hospital including 40 adult women with breast cancer, and healthy skin, submitted to radiotherapy, divided into three groups: Intervention (12$$$ 30%) receiving cream with nanoparticles containing vitamin E$$$ Control 1 (14$$$ 35%) cream without nanoparticles or vitamin E$$$ Control 2 (14$$$ 35%) cream with nanoparticles without vitamin E. Incidence, grade and time to onset of radiodermatitis were primary outcomes$$$ health‐related quality of life, reported symptoms, and breast temperature were secondary outcomes. RESULTS: All patients were followed until the end of the study. All had radiodermatitis. There were no significant differences between the study groups regarding radiodermatitis grade, health‐related quality of life, and breast temperatures. A protective effect of vitamin E‐containing nanoparticle cream was identified regarding the onset time of radiodermatitis in patients who did not receive a boosted radiation dose (p = .03) and the occurrence of mild inframammary erythema (p = .04). Itching was reported by 90% of the women. The definitive calculated sample is 108 volunteers. There were no identified side effects. CONCLUSIONS: A potential protective effect of a cream containing vitamin E nanoparticles was observed. This pilot study presents initial evidence about the role of a nanoencapsulated antioxidant in preventing radiodermatitis. TRIAL REGISTRATION: No. RBR‐784F3Y$$$ UTN‐U1111‐1201‐5923.
Use of Vitamin E Cream for Prevention of Skin Lesions in Women with Breast Cancer who undergo radiotherapy$$$ INTERVENTION: D03.383.663.283.909 D27.505.519.217 H01.603.600 The sample will be composed of 42 patients divided into three study groups by random allocation ‐ randomization ‐ (each group will consist of 14 patients). Group A ‐ experimental: 14 women with breast cancer submitted to radiotherapy, with intervention in the topical application of cream with lipid nanoparticles with vitamin E in the concentration of 0.5 to 5.0% in the irradiated place three times a day (morning , evening and night)), and follow the usual guidelines for the prevention of radiodermatitis. Group B ‐ control 1: 14 women with breast cancer submitted to radiotherapy, who carry out the application of solutions with empty lipid nanoparticles (without vitamin E), three times a day, morning and afternoon, and will also follow as usual guidelines for prevention of radiodermatitis. Group C ‐ control 2: 14 women with breast cancer submitted to radiotherapy, who require a topical application of base base without nanoparticles and without vitamin E, three times a day, morning and afternoon, and will also follow as usual guidelines for prevention of radiodermatitis. The standard protocol of usual guidelines for prevention of radiodermatitis, which all patients, how to follow, include: use water and neutral soap for gentle hygiene of irradiated skin$$$ use of soft and wide programs$$$ protecting an irradiated area of ??irritants, avoiding the use of deodorants, perfumes and cosmetics$$$ avoid depilation and, if necessary, use electric tricotomizer apparatus$$$ keep a radiated skin dry and use soft battles$$$ avoid swimming in lakes, swimming pools, sea and use of hot tubs and saunas$$$ avoid the use of ribbons, adhesives and thermal compresses (cold or hot) over an irradiated area$$$ avoid sun exposure in the irradiated area$$$ avoid the use of topical products containing metal (such as zinc and aluminum)$$$ Using sun or cold protectors like am, wipes and warm clothing. All patients who use topical cream from the first day of radiation therapy up t CONDITION: C04.588.180 C17.800.174.826 M01.975 Q65.050 Radiotherapy, Breast neoplasms, Radiodermatitis, Women $$$ C17.800.174.826 $$$ C04.588.180 $$$ M01.975 $$$ Q65.050 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Reduction in the incidence of radiodermatitis during the entire radiotherapy treatment, verified in clinical reassessments that will be performed three times a week, from the first day of the session to the 14th day after the last session (two weeks after).$$$ $$$ Reduction in the intensity (degree) of radiodermatitis developed by the patients during the entire radiotherapy treatment, evaluated by the RTOG ‐ Radiation Therapy Oncology Group, from 0 to 4$$$ clinical reevaluations that will be performed three times a week, from the first day of the session to the 14th day after the last session (two weeks after). SECONDARY OUTCOME: Quality of life at the beginning and at the end of radiotherapy, assessed by means of a quality of life questionnaire ‐ EORTC‐QLQ‐30 (EORTC Quality of Life Questionnaire) and the quality of life assessment questionnaire for patients with breast cancer ‐ EORTC‐QLQ‐BR23 (EORTC Quality of Life Questionnaire ‐ Breast Cancer). Both questionnaires will be applied on the first day of radiotherapy session and after the end of radiotherapy treatment. INCLUSION CRITERIA: be 18 years or older$$$ and present the entire skin on the day radiotherapy begins.
Comparing Dermolina-Henna Cream with Mometasone Cream in Improving Radiodermatitis Among Patients with Breast Cancer: a Randomized Active-Control Double-Blind Clinical Trial$$$ Objectives: Radiotherapy is one of the treatments used for different types of cancer. Acute radiodermatitis is one of its most common complications. Despite the high prevalence of radiodermatitis, few studies investigated how to prevent or treat this complication. Hence, a standard treatment has not been introduced so far. We sought to evaluate the efficacy of Dermolina‐Henna cream, a new polyherbal formulation, compared to Mometasone cream for alleviating acute radiodermatitis among breast cancer patients. Design: Randomized active‐control double‐blind clinical trial. Setting/Location: The oncology clinic of Shohaday‐e Tajrish Hospital (Tehran, Iran). Subjects: Women older than 18 years with breast cancer undergoing radiotherapy. Interventions: Patients were instructed to apply a thin layer of Dermolina‐Henna or Mometasone cream once daily on their lesions at least 3 h after radiotherapy for 4 weeks, and if grade I or II radiodermatitis developed, also afterward. Patients were visited weekly until end of study at after 4 weeks. Radiation Therapy Oncology Group standard questionnaires were evaluated and recorded every week as the primary outcome. Outcome measures: Primary outcome was defined as evaluating the efficacy of Dermolina‐Henna cream to change the radiodermatitis grade, while the level of patients' satisfaction and the rate of adverse events recorded by patients were secondary outcomes. Results: The trends on decrease in number of lesions, erythema, radiodermatitis grade, burning sensation, pain, and itchiness were statistically significant for each treatment, separately (p < 0.001), except for radiodermatitis grade in Mometasone group (p = 0.4). Dermolina‐Henna was significantly better than Mometasone in alleviating burning sensation (p < 0.001) and itchiness (p = 0.041). Approximately 3.7% of patients showed adverse events and 3.7% declared dissatisfaction in both groups. Conclusions: In summary, we showed that Dermolina‐Henna cream and Mometasone cream were significantly effective in decreasing severity of radiodermatitis symptoms among patients with breast cancer. Dermolina‐Henna cream was significantly superior to Mometasone cream in alleviating burning and itchiness. Clinical Trial Registration Number: IRCT20200115046144N1.
Mepitel Film is superior to Biafine cream in managing acute radiation-induced skin reactions in head and neck cancer patients: a randomised intra-patient controlled clinical trial$$$ Introduction: We previously showed that Mepitel Film decreased the severity of acute radiation‐induced skin reactions in head and neck cancer patients. In the current study, we compared the effect of Mepitel Film and Biafine cream on skin reaction severity in a larger cohort of head and neck cancer patients. Methods: A total of 44 head and neck cancer patients were recruited with 39 patients contributing full data sets for analysis. Patients received a dose of 50 Gy in 25 fractions to the bilateral lymph nodes in the neck. Left and right lymph node areas were randomised to either Mepitel Film or Biafine cream, applied prophylactically. Skin reaction severity was measured using Radiation‐Induced Skin Reaction Assessment Scale (RISRAS) and expanded Radiation Oncology group (RTOG) grades. Skin dose was measured using gafchromic Film. Results: Skin reaction severity (combined RISRAS score) underneath Mepitel Film was decreased by 30% (P < 0.001) and moist desquamation rates by 41% (P < 0.001). Skin dose underneath Mepitel Film and Biafine cream was similar (P = 0.925) and unlikely to have affected skin reaction severity. The vast majority (80%) of patients preferred Mepitel Film over Biafine cream. Negative aspects of Mepitel Film included poor adherence (11/39) and discomfort (16/39) during hot weather and showering and itchy skin underneath Mepitel Film (12/39). Conclusions: Mepitel Film was superior to Biafine cream in reducing the severity of acute radiation‐induced skin reactions and moist desquamation incidence in our head and neck patient cohort.
Effect of corticosteroid ointment on radiation induced dermatitis in head and neck cancer patients: a prospective study$$$ Background: Almost all the patients receiving curative radiotherapy for head and neck cancer develop radiation dermatitis, which many a times leads to treatment interruption and reduce patient compliance. In this study, we evaluated the effect of potent topical steroid (Betamethasone Valerate 0.1%) cream on acute radiation dermatitis in head and neck cancer patients receiving curative radiotherapy. Methods: A total 106 patients of head and neck cancers were randomly divided into arm A (52 patients) and arm B (54 patients). The patient in study arm A were treated with topical betamethasone 0.1% twice daily during radiotherapy/chemo‐radiotherapy and arm B was kept as control. The radiation reaction in both the groups was monitored weekly according to Radiation Therapy Oncology Group (RTOG) acute radiation dermatitis grading. Results: Out of 106 patients, 85 (80.2%) patients completed treatment. Patient in control arm had earlier onset of grade 1 reaction (5.7% in arm A vs 16.7 % in arm B at 2ndweek, P value 0.157 and 28.8% in arm A vs 50% in arm B at 3rdweek, P value 0.028) and progression of radiation dermatitis. In 7thweek patient in arm A had higher grade 1 reaction (17.3% in arm A vs 0% in arm B), while arm B had higher grade 2 reaction (66.7% arm B vs 55.8% in arm A). There was no difference in incidence of grade 3 and 4 reaction. No difference was observed in time taken for reaction to heal. Conclusion: Topical Betamethasone can delay the onset and progression of radiation dermatitis in head and neck cancer, without significant delay in wound healing.
Mometasone furoate cream reduces acute radiation dermatitis in patients receiving breast radiation therapy: results of a randomized trial$$$ PURPOSE: We wanted to confirm the benefit of mometasone furoate (MF) in preventing acute radiation reactions, as shown in a previous study (Boström et al, Radiother Oncol 2001$$$59:257‐265). METHODS AND MATERIALS: The study was a double‐blind comparison of MF with D (Diprobase), administered daily from the start of radiation therapy for 5 weeks in patients receiving breast radiation therapy, 40 Gy in 2.67‐Gy fractions daily over 3 weeks. The primary endpoint was mean modified Radiation Therapy Oncology Group (RTOG) score. RESULTS: Mean RTOG scores were significantly less for MF than for D (P=.046). Maximum RTOG and mean erythema scores were significantly less for MF than for D (P=.018 and P=.012, respectively). The Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI) score was significantly less for MF than for D at weeks 4 and 5 when corrected for Hospital Anxiety and Depression (HAD) questionnaire scores. CONCLUSIONS: MF cream significantly reduces radiation dermatitis when applied to the breast during and after radiation therapy. For the first time, we have shown a significantly beneficial effect on quality of life using a validated instrument (DLQI), for a topical steroid cream. We believe that application of this cream should be the standard of care where radiation dermatitis is expected.
Preventing the acute skin side effects in patients treated with radiotherapy for breast cancer: the use of corneometry in order to evaluate the protective effect of moisturizing creams$$$ BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: The purpose of this study was to add, to the objective evaluation, an instrumental assessment of the skin damage induced by radiation therapy. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A group of 100 patients affected by breast cancer was recruited in the study over one year. Patients were divided into five groups of 20 patients. For each group it was prescribed a different topical treatment. The following products were used: Betaglucan, sodium hyaluronate (Neoviderm®), Vitis vinifera A. s‐I‐M.t‐O.dij (Ixoderm®), Alga Atlantica plus Ethylbisiminomethylguaicolo and Manganese Cloruro (Radioskin1®) and Metal Esculetina plus Ginko Biloba and Aloe vera (Radioskin 2®)$$$ Natural triglycerides‐fitosterols (Xderit®)$$$ Selectiose plus thermal water of Avene (Trixera+®). All hydrating creams were applied twice a day starting 15 days before and one month after treatment with radiations. Before and during treatment patients underwent weekly skin assessments and corneometry to evaluate the symptoms related to skin toxicity and state of hydration. Evaluation of acute cutaneous toxicity was defined according to the RTOG scale. RESULTS: All patients completed radiotherapy$$$ 72% of patients presented a G1 cutaneous toxicity, 18% developed a G2 cutaneous toxicity, 10% developed a G3 toxicity, no one presented G4 toxicity. The corneometry study confirmed the protective role of effective creams used in radiation therapy of breast cancer and showed its usefulness to identify radiation‐induced dermatitis in a very early stage. CONCLUSIONS: The preventive use of topic products reduces the incidence of skin side effects in patients treated with radiotherapy for breast cancer. An instrumental evaluation of skin hydration can help the radiation oncologist to use strategies that prevent the onset of toxicity of high degree. All moisturizing creams used in this study were equally valid in the treatment of skin damage induced by radiotherapy.
Randomized Pilot Study of a Keratin-based Topical Cream for Radiation Dermatitis in Breast Cancer Patients$$$ Purpose: Radiotherapy (RT) is commonly used in the treatment of breast cancer and often, despite advances in fractionated dosing schedules, produces undesirable skin toxicity. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the feasibility of using a keratin‐based topical cream, KeraStat® Cream (KC$$$ KeraNetics, Inc., Winston Salem, NC, USA) to manage the symptoms of radiation dermatitis (RD) in breast cancer patients undergoing RT. Materials and Methods: A total of 24 subjects were enrolled on this single‐center, randomized, open‐label study. Participants were randomly assigned to KC or standard of care (SOC, patient's choice of a variety of readily available creams or moisturizers). Patients were asked to apply the assigned treatment to the irradiated area twice daily, beginning with day 1 of RT, through 30 days post‐RT. The primary outcome was compliance of use. Secondary outcomes included safety and tolerability of KC, as well as RD severity assessed using the Radiation Therapy Oncology Group (RTOG) scale and the patient‐reported Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI). Results: All subjects in the KC group were assessed as compliant with no adverse events. The rate of RTOG Grade 2 RD was lower in the KC group (30.8%) compared to the SOC group (54.5%, P = .408). At the final RT visit, the mean RTOG RD score was lower in the KC group (1.0) versus the SOC group (1.4). Similarly, patient‐reported quality of life measured by the DLQI at the end of RT was improved in the KC group (mean 4.25, small effect) versus the SOC group (mean 6.18, moderate effect, P = .412). Conclusions: KC was safe and well tolerated with no adverse events. Though efficacy measures were not powered to draw definitive conclusions, trends and clinical assessments suggest that there is a benefit of using KC compared to SOC for breast cancer patients treated with RT, and a larger powered study for efficacy is warranted. Trial Registry: This clinical trial is registered as NCT03374995 titled KeraStat(R) Cream for Radiation Dermatitis.
Efficacy of an aloe vera, chamomile, and thyme cosmetic cream for the prophylaxis and treatment of mild dermatitis induced by radiation therapy in breast cancer patients: a controlled clinical trial (Alantel Trials)$$$ BACKGROUND: Dermatitis is a skin condition caused by multiple causes, including radiotherapy treatment. Pharmacological treatments can become chronic and are not exempt from side effects. The latest recommendations of the American Academy of Dermatology establish the use of natural, nourishing, and moisturizing cosmetic products as prevention and the first therapeutic step for dermatitis. Alantel® is a cream developed to reduce redness and irritation, promote the local immune system, combat immunosenescence, and promote the healing of epidermal lesions. The objective was to evaluate the effect of a cream (Alantel) based on natural products at high concentrations for the preventive and curative treatment (at early stages) of radiation‐induced dermatitis in patients with breast cancer. METHODS: Our protocol is an experimental, prospective, triple‐blind, multicenter, controlled clinical trial with two parallel arms. The experimental group will be treated with Alantel, while the control group will receive another moisturizing cream. Radiotherapy oncology professionals will recruit a total of 88 patients (44 per comparison group) with breast cancer who will receive radiotherapy oncology treatment for 15 days, and they will be randomly allocated to the experimental or control group. Selected patients will be followed up for four visits by primary care physicians for up to 1 week after completion of radiotherapy. The main study variable will be the incidence rate of mild post‐radiation dermatitis. An intention‐to‐treat analysis will be performed, applying a comparison test for independent means and proportions. A bivariate and multivariate analysis will also be developed to check the treatment effect, adjusting for predictive sociodemographic and clinical variables. DISCUSSION: By carrying out this clinical trial, it is expected to verify that Alantel cream, based on natural products at high concentrations, has advantages over a moisturizing cream for the preventive and curative treatment of RD in patients with breast cancer. The COVID‐19 pandemic has been influenced by delaying the start of the study. One of the main limitations of this study will be the time required to recruit the patients from the planned sample, given that the selection criteria are restrictive and, although the study is multicenter, recruitment will be coordinated through a single service on radiotherapy oncology. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT04116151 . Registered on 4 October 2019.
Topical application of a sandal wood oil and turmeric based cream prevents radiodermatitis in head and neck cancer patients undergoing external beam radiotherapy: a pilot study$$$ Objective: The study objective was to assess the effectiveness of a turmeric‐ and sandal wood oil‐containing cream [Vicco® turmeric cream (VTC)$$$ Vicco Laboratories, Parel, India] on radiodermatitis in patients with head and neck cancer undergoing radiotherapy.Methods: A total of 50 patients with head and neck cancer requiring >60Gy of curative radiotherapy/chemoradiotherapy were enrolled in the study. The volunteers were randomly divided into two groups of 25 patients. Group 1 was assigned to a topical application of Johnson's® baby oil (Johnson & Johnson Ltd, Baddi, India) and Group 2 for VTC. Prophylactic application of the cream was initiated on Day 1 and continued every day until 2 weeks after the end of treatment. Both agents were symmetrically applied within the irradiated field five times a day, and the acute skin reactions were assessed twice weekly in accordance with the Radiation Therapy Oncology Group scores by an investigator who was unaware of the details.Results: The incidence of radiodermatitis increased with the exposure to radiation and was the highest in both groups at Week 7. However, a significant reduction in grades of dermatitis were seen in cohorts applying VTC at all time points, including 2 weeks post radiotherapy (p<0.015 to p<0.001). The occurrence of Grade 3 dermatitis was lower in the cohorts using VTC and was statistically significant (p< 0.01). Additionally, follow‐up observations 2 weeks after the completion of radiotherapy also showed a reduced degree of radiodermatitis in cohorts applying VTC, which was significant (p=0.015).Conclusion: VTC is shown to be effective in preventing radiodermatitis and needs to be validated in larger double‐blind trials.Advances in knowledge: For the first time, this study shows that the turmeric‐ and sandal oil‐based cream was effective in preventing radiation‐induced dermatitis.
Kefir improves blood parameters and reduces cardiovascular risks in patients with metabolic syndrome$$$ Background: Metabolic syndrome (MS) occurs when different metabolic and hemodynamic components change simultaneously, being one of the factors related to high mortality rates in patients with cardiovascular diseases. This study investigated the effects of the probiotic kefir on anthropometric and physiological parameters in human subjects with MS. Methods: forty‐eight patients diagnosed with MS were assigned into two groups in this randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled clinical trial. Kefir group (KG) and control group (CG) drank kefir beverage and curd (1.6 mL/kg for men or 1.9 mL/kg for women) for 12 weeks, respectively. Blood pressure, anthropometric, and biochemical parameters (fasting glycemia, glycated hemoglobin (HA1c), total cholesterol (TC), high density lipoprotein (HDLc), triglycerides (Tg), oxidized LDL cholesterol (oxLDL), high‐sensitivity C‐reactive protein (hs‐CRP), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), creatinophosphokinase (CPK), γ‐Glutamyl Transferase (γ‐GT), urea nitrogen, urea, and creatinine were evaluated before and after treatment. The risk of cardiovascular events for the next ten years was calculated through the Framingham Score method. Results: Kefir intake decreased blood pressure, fasting glycemia, LDLc, non‐HDLc, Tg, and oxLDL, and increased HDLc levels in women. Kefir also reduced the risk of cardiovascular events for the next ten years, although anthropometric parameters remained unchanged. Conclusions: Kefir intake improved blood pressure, fasting glucose, and lipid levels, reducing oxLDL and the risk of developing cardiovascular events in the next ten years. These results suggest regular kefir intake may have positive effects on MS treatment.
Three kinds of external use in the prevention effect of radiation dermatitis$$$ Purpose/Objective: To investigate the prevention and treatment effect of three kinds of skin external use in the of radiation dermatitis in patients with nasopharyngeal carcinoma. Background/Rationale: Nas0pharyngeal carcinoma and Southeast Asian countries China is a high incidence of cancer due to its anatomical and pathological features of radiation therapy is still the main method of treatment of nasopharyngeal carcinoma. But radiation in killing tumor cells, it would also for the radiation field surrounding normal tissues and organs causing damage to varying degrees, of which the most common radiation‐induced skin damage. This will bring patients suffering aggravate the economic burden. Therefore, prevention and treatment of radiation dermatitis is also particularly important. Description/Methods/Evaluation: 120 patients with nasopharyngeal carcinoma who treated in a three‐level Cancer Hospital were randomly divided into three groups, namely, aloe vera gel, triethanolamine cream group, radiotherapy Skin Protection agents (Lee Funing) group on August 2014 to October 2015.Twice daily, respectively, for 10 minutes at bedtime after radiotherapy. Among them, radiation dermatitis using RTOG grading American Radiation Therapy Oncology Group (Radiation Therapy Oncology Group) / EORTC (European Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer) acute radiation dermatitis injury grading. Outcome/Results/Findings: Three kinds of external use in the prevention and treatment of skin having radiation therapy has a positive effect. 3 groups were more concentrated in the dry radiation dermatitis, can effectively reduce the incidence of radiation dermatitis dry, but local triethanolamine cream patients feel poor and expensive, Li Ning skin as triethanolamine and aloe mixture, not only can delay and reduce the patient radiation dermatitis occurs. And affordable, susceptible patients. 3 group difference was statistically significant (P < 0.05). Conclusion/Discussion: Li Ning skin as triethanolamine and aloe mixture, in the fight against nasopharyngeal carcinoma patients with obvious effect of radiation dermatitis and affordable, easy to patients, is worthy of clinical application and promotion.
Postprandial lipemia under treatment with Allium sativum. Controlled double-blind study of subjects with reduced HDL2-cholesterol$$$ Postprandial Lipaemia under Treatment with Allium sativum/Controlled double‐blind study in healthy volunteers with reduced HDL2‐cholesterol levels. The effectiveness of a standardized garlic powder preparation (Sapec, Kwai) on alimentary hypertriglyceridaemia after intake of a standardized fatty test meal containing 100 g butter was analyzed in a randomized placebo‐controlled double‐blind study. 24 volunteers with HDL2‐cholesterol concentrations in plasma of less than 10 mg/dl (men) respectively 15 mg/dl (women) participated in the study. The volunteers received 3 times 1 tablet daily over a period of 6 weeks equivalent to a daily dosage of 900 mg garlic powder in the active treated group. Control measurements were made on the 1st, 22nd and 43rd day of treatment and 0, 3 and 5 h after intake of the meal. The postprandial increase of triglycerides was clearly reduced under garlic medication as compared to placebo treatment. The determined AUC‐values for the triglycerides were up to 35% lower in the garlic group compared to the placebo group. The regular intake of the garlic preparation over the period of 6 weeks showed a significant lowering of the fasting values of triglycerides in comparison to placebo. Under garlic medication HDL2‐cholesterol increased more than under placebo in tendency.
A comparison of dioctahedral smectite and iodine glycerin cream with topical mouth rinse in treatment of chemotherapy induced oral mucositis: a pilot study$$$ PURPOSE OF THE RESEARCH: To compare the efficacy of dioctahedral smectite and iodine glycerin (DSIG) cream with topical mouth rinse (composed of saline, gentamicin and Vitamin B12) in treatment of chemotherapy induced oral mucositis (OM). METHODS AND SAMPLE: A total of 130 intensive chemotherapy or stem cells transplantation induced OM patients were recruited. Among these patients, 67 patients received topical mouth rinse and 63 patients received DSIG cream treatment. The OM would be treated on the OM appearance and sustained for 5 days. OM severity was measured daily using The American Oncology Nursing Society recommended Oral Assessment Guideline (OAG) score system. KEY RESULTS: Compared with topical mouth rinse treatment, a significant lower OAG score was observed in DSIG cream treated patients. Specifically, the OAG scores were respectively 12.1 ± 1.1, 12.0 ± 1.2, 11.3 ± 1.3 and 10.4 ± 1.3 from day 2 to day 5 in topical mouth rinse treatment subgroup. Correspondingly, the OAG scores were respectively 10.2 ± 1.0, 9.3 ± 0.9, 8.5 ± 0.6 and 8.0 ± 0.2 for DSIG cream treatment subset (all P < 0.05). Importantly, compared with topical mouth rinse treatment, the DSIG cream significantly shortened OM repair time (4.68 ± 0.98 vs. 8.76 ± 1.80 days, P < 0.001). After 5 days treatment, 54 patients (85.7%) obtained complete regression with an OAG score ≤8, and 7 patients (11.1%) had partial regression with an OAG score of 9‐10 in DSIG cream treatment subgroup. However, only 2 patients (3.0%) obtained completed regression and 32 patients (47.8%) had partial regression in topical mouth rinse treatment cohort. Moreover, no serious side‐effect was observed in both cohorts. CONCLUSIONS: Compared with topical mouth rinse, DSIG cream significantly lowered the OAG score and shortened OM duration.
Three Kinds of External Use in the Prevention Effect of Radiation Dermatitis$$$ Purpose/Objective: To investigate the prevention and treatment effect of three kinds of skin external use in the of radiation dermatitis in patients with nasopharyngeal carcinoma. Background/Rationale: Nas0pharyngeal carcinoma and Southeast Asian countries China is a high incidence of cancer due to its anatomical and pathological features of radiation therapy is still the main method of treatment of nasopharyngeal carcinoma. But radiation in killing tumor cells, it would also for the radiation field surrounding normal tissues and organs causing damage to varying degrees, of which the most common radiation‐induced skin damage. This will bring patients suffering aggravate the economic burden. Therefore, prevention and treatment of radiation dermatitis is also particularly important. Description/Methods/Evaluation: 120 patients with nasopharyngeal carcinoma who treated in a three‐level Cancer Hospital were randomly divided into three groups, namely, aloe vera gel, triethanolamine cream group, radiotherapy Skin Protection agents (Lee Funing) group on August 2014 to October 2015.Twice daily, respectively, for 10 minutes at bedtime after radiotherapy. Among them, radiation dermatitis using RTOG grading American Radiation Therapy Oncology Group (Radiation Therapy Oncology Group) / EORTC (European Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer) acute radiation dermatitis injury grading. Outcome/Results/Findings: Three kinds of external use in the prevention and treatment of skin having radiation therapy has a positive effect. 3 groups were more concentrated in the dry radiation dermatitis, can effectively reduce the incidence of radiation dermatitis dry, but local triethanolamine cream patients feel poor and expensive, Li Ning skin as triethanolamine and aloe mixture, not only can delay and reduce the patient radiation dermatitis occurs. And affordable, susceptible patients. 3 group difference was statistically significant (P < 0.05). Conclusion/Discussion: Li Ning skin as triethanolamine and aloe mixture, in the fight against nasopharyngeal carcinoma patients with obvious effect of radiation dermatitis and affordable, easy to patients, is worthy of clinical application and promotion. Implications for Nursing: During radiation treatment of nasopharyngeal carcinoma, clinical nurses is not only the executive orders the implementation of quality care for patients, but also should closely observe the curative effect of the patients after treatment, and timely feedback.
A randomized clinical study of mometasone furoate cream in prevention of radiation dermatitis in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma patients receiving radiation therapy (nct02495064)$$$ Purpose/Objective(s): A series of reports show mometasone furoate cream can relieve acute radiation dermatitis in patients with breast cancer from 2001 to 2014. Patients with head and neck cancer need to receive higher radiation doses, so the acute radiation dermatitis incidence and level are often higher than in breast cancer patients receiving radiation therapy. But there is still no specific drug can obviously alleviate the radiation dermatitis. This randomized controlled clinical trial is studying mometasone furoate cream in preventing and reducing acute radiation dermatitis in patients receiving radiation therapy for head and neck squamous cell carcinoma. This study was registered on the "clinical Trials" in 2015, and its authorized experimental code is: NCT02495064. Purpose/Objective(s): Bilateral neck skins of patient were treated with the same dose of radiotherapy. One of side neck skin was randomly into the treatment group, and another side was the control group. Neck skin of treatment group was used mometasone furoate cream every day after radiotherapy, and the control group was used noting. According to radiation dermatitis grading standard of RTOG, acute radiation dermatitis was independent assessed by two radiation oncologists every Friday after radiotherapy. Results: total of 80 patients were enrolled in this study. At present, 62 eligible patients have been treated. Of the 124 subjects, 36 subjects occurred I grade acute radiation dermatitis, 60 subjects occurred II grade radiation dermatitis, 24 subjects occurred III grade radiation dermatitis, and 4 radiation dermatitis occurred IV grade radiation dermatitis. If the radiotherapy dose of neck skin were lower than 60Gy, radiation dermatitis were often I grade in treatment group and II grade in control group (P < 0.05). However, if the radiotherapy dose of neck skin were greater than or equal to 60Gy, radiation dermatitis were often III‐IV grade, and using mometasone furoate cream cannot reduce the classification of radiation dermatitis (P > 0.05). Compared control group, mometasone furoate cream can significantly reduce the itching, pain and other symptoms of skin in different radiotherapy dose (P < 0.05). Conclusion: Mometasone furoate cream can reduce classification of radiation dermatitis in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma patients who receive radiotherapy dose less than 60Gy, but not greater than or equal to 60Gy. And mometasone furoate cream can significantly reduce the itching, pain and other symptoms of skin.
Colloidal oatmeal emollient as an alternative skincare approach in radiotherapy: a feasibility study$$$ Aim: To assess the feasibility of a randomised controlled trial (RCT) on patients receiving radical radiotherapy for carcinoma of the anus in order to compare the present skincare advice at the time of the study with an alternative product, Aveeno, used primarily for dermatological and chemotherapeutic‐induced skin conditions. Materials and method: Standardised Radiation Therapy Oncology Group (RTOG) grading and skincare assessments were used primarily to inform on physical reactions within a RCT. A pre‐existing morbidity/quality‐of‐life instrument 'the Head and Neck Radiotherapy Questionnaire', which was validated for use with radiotherapy patients in preceding studies, was adapted for anus patients and formed the secondary basis for data collection. In all, 24 participants undergoing radical radiotherapy for anal cancer were randomised into two arms, Aveeno cream versus Aqueous Cream BP, and reviewed weekly to collect data and perform analysis and Mann‐Whitney U non‐parametric statistical tests. Results: RTOG gradings for skin reactions were comparable week by week across the cohorts, with a baseline 100% of participants exhibiting RTOG 0 at week 1 in all areas, through to week 6 where both cohorts had progressed to higher RTOG grades. The Aveeno cohort, however, indicated a p‐value approaching significance in regards to epidermal regeneration at follow‐up 1 (p=0.0543). Questionnaires yielded diminishing responses as treatment progressed correlating with advancing RTOG grades, and exhibited increasing negativity in responses in correlation with advancing RTOG grade exhibited. Conclusion: The study was the first to recognise colloidal oatmeal as a skincare approach in the radiotherapy setting and recognises the potential benefits of Aveeno in radiation‐induced skin reactions. The study determined the RTOG grading system to be robust as a method of evaluation of skin reactions and the questionnaires deemed the quality‐of‐life assessment to be a necessity in order to address patients' psychological needs in addition to the physical needs.
MMF reduces acute radiation dermatitis in head and neck squamous cell carcinomas 'patients$$$ Purpose or Objective The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of mometasone furoate cream (MMF) on radiation dermatitis in patients with head and neck squamous cell carcinomas. Material and Methods The study planed involves 80 patients with head and neck squamous cell carcinoma. They were scheduled for radical radiotherapy to bilateral neck and the radiation doses of PTV of bilateral neck are same. The patients were randomized to receive MMF on their right neck or left neck, while other side neck won't accept any drugs. The MMF was applied on the irradiated skin once a day, starting on the first day after radiotherapy and continuing until two weeks after radiotherapy, or until the corresponding skin broken.The intensity of the acute radiation dermatitis was evaluated on a weekly basis regarding the modified Radiation Therapy Oncology Group (RTOG) score and pain and itch stages. Results 62 patients had been enrolled , including 8 neck esophageal cancer patients, 5 hypopharyngeal carcinoma patients,the other 49 nasopharyngeal carcinoma patients. Thus 41 patients and 82 targets were analysis. We found significant difference in severe acute radiation dermatitis (ARD) between the experimental side and the control side at the radiotherapy finished assessment. (P=0.039). MMF could reduce the ARD stages when the skin radiotherapy dose is <6000c GY(P=0.01$$$ When the dose is ≥6000c GY using MMF showed no difference(P=0.699).Using MMF could significantly reduce itch and pain of test side skin no matter about the radiotherapy dose and ARD stage (P=0.000). Conclusion This study showed that MMF inunction after higher dose of radiation (over 50Gy)can prevent acute radiation dermatitis, especially when the skin dose is <6000cGY.
Repeated measure analysis of dermatitis symptoms evolution and patient-reported outcome in N06C4: a phase 3 randomized trial of mometasone furoate in breast cancer patients receiving radiation therapy$$$ Purpose/Objective(s): The evolution of dermatological symptoms over time and its relationship to PRO are not well quantified. The recently published Phase III N06C4 prospective trial showed that mometasone cream was better than placebo in preventing radiation (RT) dermatitis by Skindex‐16 (SD16) and Skin Toxicity Assessment Tool (STAT). This study examined the temporal profile of PRO in determining the effect of mometasone cream on acute skin toxicity when time factor was considered. Materials/Methods: One hundred seventy‐six breast cancer patients (including ductal carcinoma in situ) undergoing external beam RT to the breast or chest wall were randomized to either topical mometasone furoate or placebo cream daily. Symptoms were assessed over 10 cycles including baseline, weekly during RT, and 2 weeks after. The analyzed PRO survey tools included SD16, STAT and linear analog self‐assessment (LASA), which measured different spectrums of symptoms and patient perceptions of toxicities. Statistical procedures, including Pearson correlation and a mixed model of repeated measures and analysis of variance, were utilized to establish effect of intervention arm by treatment cycles. Results: Multiple subscales from SD16, STAT, and LASA were statistically different between cycles (see Table)$$$ they typically reached a valley of low scores by week 4‐5, but recovered quickly towards the end of treatment. In particular, the symptom subscale (p=0.033) from SD16 and burning (p = 0.0004) and itching (p = 0.0009) from STAT were statistically different between arms across cycles, favoring mometasone. The emotion wellbeing scale from LASA was different by arm (p = 0.03). LASA correlated well within its 6 subscales (all r > 0.719), and responses from SD16 and STAT subscales were consistent and inter‐correlated across cycles. Conclusions: Endpoints such as patient's quality‐of‐life and spectrum of their subjective experience during RT are a temporally evolving and dynamic target$$$ the PRO tools captured a wider and more comprehensive range of patient experience and symptoms, when time variable and trend were taken into consideration. Our results strengthened the conclusion drawn from the original report that mometasone furoate reduced acute skin toxicities compared to placebo. The frequent PRO surveys accurately assessed the patient's experience of varying symptoms and intensity of side effects as treatment cycles progressed. (Table Presented).
Efficacy of Plantago major leaf extract cream compared to placebo in preventing acute radiodermatitis in breast cancer patients: a randomized clinical trial$$$ Introduction: Dermatitis is a common side effect of radiotherapy (RT). Plantago major L. leaves (P. major) exhibit anti‐inflammatory and wound‐healing activities. This study aimed to evaluate the preventive effect of P. major on acute radiodermatitis in breast cancer patients. Methods: This randomized controlled trial involved 78 breast cancer patients who had undergone modified radical mastectomy and were scheduled for RT. After random allocation, the control group (n = 39) received a placebo and the intervention (n = 39) group received P. major cream. It was used as an external application twice per day from the first day of RT until two weeks after the completion of the radiation course. The patients were examined weekly by a physician. The primary outcome was the incidence and severity of acute radiodermatitis, graded according to Radiation Therapy Oncology Group and the European Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer (RTOG/EORTC) and National Center Institute Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events, version 5 (NCI‐CTCAE) toxicity scoring systems. Results: Radiodermatitis grades ≥2 according to the RTOG/EORTC and NCI‐CTCAE scoring systems developed from the third week of RT, peaking in the sixth week in both groups. The incidence of grades ≥2 acute dermatitis was lower in patients treated with topical P. major than with the placebo (51.3% vs. 66.7%), but this difference was not statistically significant (relative risk = 0.769, 95% confidence interval, 0.429–1.373). Dermatitis grades ≥2 had no relationship with body mass index ≥30 and older age. Itching during the six weeks of follow‐up was more common in the P. major group. Conclusion: This study revealed that 7% P. major cream did not significantly decrease the severity of acute radiodermatitis. Conducting multicenter trials with larger sample sizes and using different topical agents based on P. major are recommended for future studies. Trial registration: IRCT20150830023823N4.
2081P The therapeutic effect of anti-inflammatory tripeptide cream on hand-foot syndrome related to anticancer drugs: a prospective, randomized, placebo-controlled pilot trial$$$ Background: Hand‐foot syndrome (HFS) is a relatively common side effect that often interferes with the quality of life (QoL) in cancer patients. Anti‐inflammatory tripeptide cream (ATPC) is a complex formulation of anti‐inflammatory tripeptides, CD99 agonist BinterinTM and Wnt antagonist WinhibinTM. In the present study, we aimed to assess the therapeutic effects of ATPC on HFS associated with anticancer drugs. Methods: This study was conducted as a single‐center, prospective, randomized, placebo‐controlled trial. Patients who developed grade 1 HFS by the National Cancer Institute Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events or World Health Organization after treatment with cytotoxic chemotherapeutic agents or multi‐kinase inhibitors were enrolled. Patients were randomly assigned to receive ATPC or placebo cream (PC) and followed up with 3‐weeks interval for up to 9 weeks. Primary endpoint was the development of grade ≥2 HFS. Secondary endpoints were QoL score assessed by Hand‐Foot Skin Reaction and QoL (HF‐QoL) questionnaire and the frequency of dose reduction or discontinuation of anticancer drugs related to HFS. Results: From April 2019 to July 2022, 68 patients were randomized and 60 patients (31 in the ATPC group and 29 in the PC group) completed the study. The incidence of grade ≥2 HFS was significantly lower in the ATPC group than in the PC group (25.8% vs. 51.7%, P=0.039). The ATPC group showed trends towards a better HF‐QoL score than at 9 weeks (26.0 vs. 29.9, P=0.574) and a lower frequency of discontinuation, interruption, or dose reduction of anticancer drugs (51.6% vs. 58.6%, P=0.586) than the PC group without statistical significance. Conclusions: Our results showed that ATPC significantly decreased the development of grade ≥2 HFS in patients with HFS related to anticancer drugs. Therefore, ATPC can be effective treatment for HFS related to anticancer drugs. Further prospective large‐scale randomized controlled trial is required to confirm the efficacy of ATPC in cancer patients with HFS. Legal entity responsible for the study: The authors. Funding: Korean Society of Medical Oncology. Disclosure: All authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
Mepitel Film vs standard treatment for preventing radiotherapy skin toxicity: phase III study$$$ Purpose or Objective Evidence supporting use of Mepitel Film for prophylaxis of radiation‐induced skin toxicity is limited. This study aims to compare efficacy and patient comfort with the use of the Mepitel® Film dressing vs standard treatment (dressing with aqueous cream and antiseptic ointments) in women treated with adjuvant radiotherapy after breast surgery. The results of the study, if positive, may lead to a possible re‐evaluation of treatment protocols currently in use. Primary Objective To compare the efficacy of Mepitel® Film and standard treatment with aqueous creams and antiseptic ointments in preventing the onset of radiotherapy skin toxicity (>/= grade 2, according to the Radiation Therapy Oncology Group (RTOG) score. Secondary objectives Comparison of the two treatment arms in terms of: 1. time to onset of skin toxicity$$$ 2. time to healing$$$ 3. severity of acute and late skin toxicity$$$ 4. patient satisfaction and comfort$$$ Materials and Methods The study, an open randomised controlled phase III trial, planned enrolment of 164 patients with breast cancer undergoing post‐operative radiotherapy, assigned in a 1:1 ratio to one of two treatment arms. One group of patients received the Mepitel® Film dressing (experimental group) and one group (control group) received standard treatment currently in use at the Switzerland radiotherapy departments, as per Scientific Association of Swiss Radiation Oncologist (SASRO) guidelines. (https://www.sasro.ch) The study was registered in Clinicaltrials.gov, number NCT02741258. The first patient was enrolled on 26/01/2016, and the last on 30/12/2020. Results 161 patients were recruited between 2016 and 2020. Demographic characteristics of the two groups of patients were well balanced. 83.1% of patients were treated according to study protocol. RTOG 1 score was 90.7% vs 94.9% and RTOG2 was 9.3% vs 13.9% (in Mepitel arm vs ST respectively). RTOG toxicity1 was observed after median 26 days in Mepitel arm vs 21 days in ST arm (p=0.0052), with a reduction in median recovery times (19 vs 32 days) (p=0.0068). Multivariate analysis, controlled for age, diabetes, BMI and smoking exposure, showed a 41% reduction in the risk of RTOG 1 (HR=0.59 95% CI (0.42‐0.84), p=0.0036. In the Mepitel arm, the median time to evidence of RTOG2 was 51 days vs 57 (p=0.0569) and multivariate analysis showed a reduction in the risk of RTOG 2 of 71% (HR=0.29 95% CI (0.09‐0.92), p=0.0357. Conclusion The study showed overall improved toxicity control for the experimental arm, a reduction in the risk of toxicity and a reduction in recovery times. The device was well tolerated by patients, as reported by questionnaires.
Randomized controlled trial evaluating efficacy of topical urea-based cream for capecitabine-associated hand-foot syndrome prevention$$$ Background: Hand‐foot syndrome (HFS) is one of the most common adverse events of capecitabine leading to treatment interruption or delay which may result in unfavorable oncologic outcomes. Topical urea cream could reduce degree of sorafenib induced hand‐foot skin reaction. Although urea cream could not prevent HFS during early capecitabine use, the long‐term results of urea cream for HFS prevention is limited. The aim of this study is to evaluate the efficacy of urea cream as a prophylaxis of HFS throughout the period of capecitabine use. Methods: Cancer patients who received capecitabine at the dosage of at least 2,000 mg/m2/day for 14 days of the treatment cycle were randomized 1:1 to receive standard measures (avoid trauma of hands/feet and keep moisture) or urea‐based cream (apply to hand/foot twice daily with standard measures) for HFS prevention. Incidence and severity of HFS were assessed by physician and by patient’s self‐report at day 1 of every capecitabine cycle until 4‐week following capecitabine discontinuation. Primary endpoint was proportion of patients who developed any grade HFS. Secondary endpoints include proportion of severe (> grade 3) HFS, modifications of capecitabine due to HFS and HFS onset. Results: At median capecitabine cycle of 6, 68 out of 109 patients (62.4%) with standard measures and 60 out of 107 patients (56%) with urea cream reported any grade HFS (p=0.36). Grade 3 HFS was found in 52 (47.7%) and 44 patients (41.1%) receiving standard measures and urea cream, respectively (p=0.34). Capecitabine modification due to HFS was required in 20 patients (18.3%) with standard measures and 17 patients (15.9%) receiving urea cream prophylaxis (p=0.89). HFS resulting in capecitabine discontinuation rate and HFS onset were similar between two groups. Conclusions: Urea‐based cream could not prevent occurrence of capecitabine associated HFS, lessen HFS severity or reduce capecitabine modification as well as delay HFS onset. Topical urea cream as a HFS prophylactic measure is not routinely recommended for all patients receiving capecitabine. Legal entity responsible for the study: S. Ithimakin. Funding: Siriraj hospital. Disclosure: All authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
Silver Clear Nylon Dressing is Effective in Preventing Radiation Induced Dermatitis in Patients with Gastrointestinal Cancer: results from a phase III study$$$ Purpose/Objective(s): For patients with anal canal and advanced rectal cancer, chemo‐radiation therapy is a curative modality or an important adjunct to that of surgery. Nearly all patients treated with this modality experience radiation induced dermatitis (RID). The prevention and effective treatment of RID is thus of considerable clinical relevance. The present study is a Phase III controlled trial to validate the efficacy of silver clear nylon dressing (SCND) against standard skin‐care for these patients. Materials/Methods: Forty‐two rectal or anal canal cancer patients were randomized to either SCND or standard skin‐care. SCND was applied from day‐one of radiation therapy (RT) until two weeks after the treatment completion. In the control arm sulfadiazine cream was applied at the time of skin dermatitis. Printed digital photographs, taken at the last day of the treatment and 2 weeks prior and after, were scored by 10 blinded readers, using the common toxicity scoring system for skin dermatitis. Results: The radiation dose ranged from 50.4 to 59.4 Gy and there were no difference among the two groups. At the last day of RT, in which the most severe RID occurs, the mean dermatitis score for the standard arm was 2.53 (SD: 1.17) and for SCND patients was 1.67 (SD: 1.2, p = 0.01). At two weeks after RT the difference was 0.39 points in favor of SCND (p = 0.39). There was considerable intraclass correlation amongst the ten observers. Conclusions: Silver coated nylon dressing is effective in reducing radiation induced dermatitis in patients with gastrointestinal cancer treated with combined chemotherapy and radiation.
Topical steroid versus placebo for the prevention of radiation dermatitis in head and neck cancer patients receiving chemoradiotherapy: a phase Ⅲ, randomized, double-blinded trial (topics)$$$ Evidence supporting the benefit of adding topical steroids in general nursing care for radiation dermatitis induced by high‐dose (>60Gy) irradiation plus chemotherapy is insufficient. To clarify the prophylactic efficacy of topical steroids in basic nursing care for radiation dermatitis, we are conducting a multicenter two‐arm randomized double‐blinded placebo‐controlled phase 3 trial to compare basic nursing care with or without topical steroid for radiation dermatitis induced by radiotherapy with concurrent cisplatin in patients with head and neck cancer (J‐SUPPORT 1602 study, TOPICS) . The primary endpoint is a comparison of the proportion of patients with ≥ grade 2 radiation dermatitis by NCI Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events Version 4.0. This trial is supported by the Japan Supportive, Palliative and Psychosocial Oncology Group (J‐SUPPORT) . To conduct the TOPICS study, we organized four multidisciplinary working groups, consisting of physicians, pharmacists, and nurses. Each working group has been working on: (1) investigation and management of placebo topical cream (Vaseline) and topical steroid, (2) basic nursing skin care based on a dermatitis control program to minimize inter‐institutional variation, (3) the procedure of taking photographs of the irradiation field, and (4) a central review of radiation dermatitis using photographs taken weekly. The TOPICS study may provide novel evidence as to whether the use of topical steroid is efficient in preventing radiation dermatitis induced by high‐dose irradiation with chemotherapy. Furthermore, the TOPICS study will be a model trial providing multidisciplinary operating procedures when conducting clinical trials for cancer supportive care. Trial registration number: UMIN000027161.
Phase III study of silver leaf nylon dressing vs standard care for reduction of inframammary moist desquamation in patients undergoing adjuvant whole breast radiation therapy$$$ Aims: The primary objective of this study was to assess silver leaf nylon dressings as a prophylactic measure in reducing inframammary fold radiation induced dermatitis in women receiving adjuvant whole breast radiotherapy compared with standard skin care. A secondary objective was to assess if the dressing influenced breast skin‐related pain, itching and burning resulting from whole breast radiotherapy. Material and methods: A prospective randomized trial compared silver leaf nylon dressing worn continuously from the sixth fraction of whole breast radiotherapy until 14 days after therapy completion to standard skin care in patients deemed to be at risk of inframammary radiation induced dermatitis by virtue of a large breast volume or a significant inframammary skin fold in the treatment position. Stratification before randomization was for anthracycline chemotherapy and fractionation scheme. Digital photos of the inframammary region were taken at one week before, the last day of whole breast radiotherapy, and one week after treatment completion. Three observers blinded to treatment arm assessed the images for the presence of moist desquamation and the Radiation Therapy Oncology Group (RTOG) skin toxicity score. Patients completed questionnaires comprising visual analogue scales for pain, itching and burning sensation, and questions regarding which topical skin cream was being used, at the before‐mentioned times as well as at baseline and two weeks after completing whole breast radiotherapy. Results: A total of 196 patients completed the study. Moist desquamation occurred in 38% of patients. No difference in incidence or maximum size of moist desquamation or RTOG skin toxicity scores was seen between the treatment arms. However, on the last day of radiation treatment and one week after completion of treatment, patient reports of itching decreased in the experimental arm. At one week before whole breast radiotherapy completion, patients using Glaxal Base cream reported worse burning, those using aloe vera reported worse pain and burning, whereas patients who had not used a moisturizing cream reported less pain. Conclusion: Silver leaf nylon dressing use did not demonstrate a decrease in the incidence of inframammary moist desquamation, but did decrease itching in the last week of radiation and one week after treatment completion. © 2010 Published by Elsevier Inc.
A randomized controlled phase II study of the prophylactic effect of urea-based cream on the hand-foot skin reaction associated with sorafenib in advanced hepatocellular carcinoma$$$ Background: Sorafenib (SOR) has become the standard treatment for advanced hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). Hand‐foot skin reaction (HFSR) is one of the most common adverse events associated with SOR and its occurrence can impact patient quality of life and lead to dose modification or interruption, both of which may negatively impact clinical outcomes. This randomized controlled trial is the first large prospective study to investigate the prophylactic effect of urea‐based creams on HFSR associated with SOR. Methods: Patients with advanced HCC treated with SOR were randomly assigned 1:1 to receive prophylactic urea‐based cream (Arm A) or best supportive care (BSC) following development of HFSR (Arm B). SOR was administered 800 mg daily. Urea‐based cream was given twice daily for up to 12 weeks starting on Day 1. BSC was at the physician's discretion and excluded urea‐based creams. The primary endpoint was the incidence of all‐grade HFSR in the first12 weeks. Results: Eight hundred sixty eight patients were enrolled$$$ 439 patients in Arm A and 432 patients in Arm B. There was no difference of baseline characteristics between two arms. Over the 12 week period of study, the incidence of all‐grade HFSR was significantly lower in Arm A compared to Arm B$$$ n=246 (56.0%) patients in Arm A versus n=318 (73.6%) patients in Arm B, p<0.0001. The incidence of grade 2 HFSR tended to be lower in Arm A compared to Arm B, but did not reach statistical significance$$$ n=96 (21.9%) patients Arm A versus n=126 (29.2%) patients in Arm B, p=0.1638. The median time to the first HFSR event was 2.5 fold longer in Arm A compared to Arm B$$$ 84 days (95% CI 45‐93 days) in Arm A and 34 days (95% CI 29‐43 days) in Arm B (p<0.001). Conclusions: This is the first large prospective, randomized control trial examining the prophylactic use of urea‐based creams for treatment of HFSR associated with a multikinase inhibitor. Compared to BSC, prophylactic topical use of a urea‐based cream appears to be effective in preventing and/or delaying the incidence of HFSR associated with SOR treatment in patients with advanced HCC.
Mepitel Film prevents radiation-induced moist desquamation$$$ Purpose/Objective: Safetac‐based soft silicone dressings protect fragile radiation‐damaged skin from additional mechanical damage caused by friction against clothing or other body parts. We previously showed that Mepilex Lite dressings, when used in a management setting, decrease the severity of radiation‐induced acute skin reactions but do not affect moist desquamation rates. Here we investigate the prophylactic use of another Safetac product, Mepitel Film, on skin reaction severity and in particular, moist desquamation rates. Materials and Methods: A total of 80 breast cancer patients receiving radiation therapy were recruited between October 2012 and May 2013 in Dunedin Hospital, New Zealand$$$ 78 participants contributed data for analysis. Lateral and medial halves of the chest wall or breast to be irradiated were randomized to Mepitel Film or aqueous cream$$$ skin dose was measured using thermoluminescent dosimeters$$$ skin reaction severity was assessed using the radiation induced skin reaction assessment scale (RISRAS) and the RTOG scale. Results: Overall skin reaction severity was reduced by 92%(p<0.0001) in favour of Mepitel Film (RISRAS). All patients developed some form of reaction in cream‐treated skin which progressed to moist desquamationin 26% of patients (RTOG grades I: 28%$$$ IIA: 46%$$$ IIB: 18%$$$ III: 8%). Only 44% of patients had a skin reaction under the Film which did not progress to moist desquamation in any of the patients (RTOG grades I: 36%$$$ IIA: 8%). Conclusions: Mepitel Film completely prevented moist desquamation and reduced skin reaction severity by 92%, when used prophylactically in our cohort. (Figure Presented).
Coordination and resource considerations for a multicentre trial comparing a silicon-based gel with standard care for radiation dermatitis$$$ Radiation dermatitis is a common acute toxicity of external beam radiation therapy (EBRT).1 To date, numerous studies have found no significant difference between standard care using aqueous or sorbolene cream, and alternative topical creams or dressings in managing radiation dermatitis.2,3 Radiation Oncology, Princess Alexandra Hospital ‐ Raymond Terrace is coordinating an ethics approved multi‐centre randomised controlled trial comparing the effectiveness of StrataXRT (Stratpharma AG, Switzerland), a silicon‐based gel, with standard care. This study includes cancer patients undergoing EBRT to the head and neck region, breast, chest wall post‐mastectomy, the axilla/groin region or whole pelvis. Stratified randomisation by cancer site is used to allocate a total of 200 participants to receive either standard care or StrataXRT. Data collection for this study is resource intensive. Endpoints include clinician and patient skin assessments using the Radiation‐Induced Skin Reaction Assessment Scale (RISRAS) and blinded photographic assessment using the Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events scale. A RISRAS assessment and photographs are taken on Day 1 of treatment, then weekly until 4 weeks post‐treatment. A log of creams and dressings used is completed for each patient. At 3 and 12 months post‐EBRT, participants are assessed for late‐effects skin toxicity. This presentation will discuss approaches where existing infrastructure, such as MOSAIQ quality check lists and assessments, is being used to coordinate and assist the multidisciplinary team with uniformity of data collection across various Queensland Health sites. Quality assurance procedures, including those established for the blinded assessment photographs and study monitoring processes, will also be presented.
Effect of corticosteroid ointment on radiation induced dermatitis in head and neck cancer patients: a prospective study$$$ Background: Almost all the patients receiving curative radiotherapy for head and neck cancer develop radiation dermatitis, which many a times leads to treatment interruption and reduce patient compliance. In this study, we evaluated the effect of potent topical steroid (Betamethasone Valerate 0.1%) cream on acute radiation dermatitis in head and neck cancer patients receiving curative radiotherapy. Method(s): A total 106 patients of head and neck cancers were randomly divided into arm A (52 patients) and arm B (54 patients). The patient in study arm A were treated with topical betamethasone 0.1% twice daily during radiotherapy/chemo‐radiotherapy and arm B was kept as control. The radiation reaction in both the groups was monitored weekly according to Radiation Therapy Oncology Group (RTOG) acute radiation dermatitis grading. Result(s): Out of 106 patients, 85 (80.2%) patients completed treatment. Patient in control arm had earlier onset of grade 1 reaction (5.7% in arm A vs 16.7 % in arm B at 2nd week, P value 0.157 and 28.8% in arm A vs 50% in arm B at 3rd week, P value 0.028) and progression of radiation dermatitis. In 7th week patient in arm A had higher grade 1 reaction (17.3% in arm A vs 0% in arm B), while arm B had higher grade 2 reaction (66.7% arm B vs 55.8% in arm A). There was no difference in incidence of grade 3 and 4 reaction. No difference was observed in time taken for reaction to heal. Conclusion(s): Topical Betamethasone can delay the onset and progression of radiation dermatitis in head and neck cancer, without significant delay in wound healing.
Management of acute radiodermatitis in non-melanoma skin cancer patients using electrospun nanofibrous patches loaded with pinus halepensis bark extract$$$ Acute radiodermatitis is the most common side effect in non‐melanoma skin cancer patients undergoing radiotherapy. Nonetheless, despite the ongoing progress of clinical trials, no effective regimen has been found yet. In this study, a non‐woven patch, comprised of electrospun polymeric micro/nanofibers loaded with an aqueous extract of Pinus halepensis bark (PHBE), was fabricated and clinically tested for its efficacy to prevent radiodermatitis. The bioactivity of the PHBE patch was evaluated in comparison with a medical cream indicated for acute radiodermatitis. Twelve volunteer patients were selected and randomly assigned to two groups, applying either the PHBE patch or the reference cream daily. Evaluation of radiation‐induced skin reactions was performed during the radiotherapy period and 1 month afterwards according to the Radiation Therapy Oncology Group (RTOG) grading scale, photo‐documentation, patient‐reported outcomes (Visual Analog Scale, questionnaire), biophysical measurements (hydration, transepidermal water loss, erythema, melanin), and image analysis. In contrast with the reference product, the PHBE patch showed significant anti‐inflammatory activity and restored most skin parameters to normal levels 1 month after completion of radiation therapy. No adverse event was reported, indicating that the application of the PHBE patch can be considered as a safe medical device for prophylactic radiodermatitis treatment.
Efficacy of an aloe vera, chamomile, and thyme cosmetic cream for the prophylaxis and treatment of mild dermatitis induced by radiation therapy in breast cancer patients (the Alantel study)$$$ Objectives: Radiation‐induced dermatitis (RD) is one of the most common toxicities in radiation therapy (RT) patients. Corticosteroids, immunosuppressants, and natural products (NPs) have been used as treatment. The objective was to evaluate the efficacy of a NPs‐based cream (Alantel®) to reduce the incidence of RD in women with breast cancer undergoing RT treatment. Design: We conducted a controlled, randomized, double‐blind clinical trial. Setting: Radiation Oncology Unit of the Reina Sofía Hospital and 5 Primary Care centers of the Cordoba and Guadalquivir Health District (Spain). Interventions: Patients assigned to the experimental group (GTA) were treated with Alantel, while those in the control group (GTE) were treated with a moisturizer and emollient cream. Main outcome measures: The primary outcome variable was the incidence of RD. RD‐free time, duration of RD, quality of life, and product safety were also assessed. Results: Seventy patients were included in the study, 35 in the GTA and 35 in the GTE. The incidence of RD was lower in the GTA (71.4%) than in the GTE (91.4%) after 4 weeks of follow‐up (RR = 0.78$$$ NNT = 5$$$ p < 0.031). The Skindex‐29 questionnaire showed differences in the statement: “My skin condition makes it hard to work or do hobbies” (17.1% in the GTE vs. 2.9% in GTA$$$ p = 0.024). Conclusions: The higher efficacy of Alantel® compared to the control cream in reducing the incidence of RD in women with breast cancer has been demonstrated.
Complex Approach to the Management of Acneiform Rash Induced by Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor Inhibitors$$$ Background. Acneiform (papulopustular) rash is the leading dermatological adverse event of EGFR inhibitors. The development of optimal regimens for the supportive treatment of acneiform rash remains an important interdisciplinary problem in supportive oncology. Aims — to comparatively evaluate the clinical efficacy of the supportive treatment for acneiform rash induced by epidermal growth factor receptor inhibitors, including topical treatment with ivermectin cream and balneotherapy. Methods. In an open, prospective, randomized study, data from 114 patients with acneiform rash induced by monoclonal antibodies to EGFR were analyzed. All groups received intermittent supportive treatment according to a single regimen, continuous external therapy included: in group 1 — hypotonic thermal water, in group 2 — ivermectin 1% cream, in group 3 — hypotonic thermal water and ivermectin 1% cream. The observation period was 3 months. Acneiform rash severity was assessed using the CTCAE‐NCI v5.0 criteria and a developed acneiform rash clinical severity scale. The intensity of subjective symptoms was assessed using a 10‐point visual analog scale (VAS). The modified dermatological life quality index (mDLQI) was used to assess the impact of acneiform rash on patient’s quality of life. Results. A significant decrease in all of the studied parameters was observed in the groups by the end of the 1st week of supportive treatment and remained up to the end of the observation period (p < 0.05). There were no statistically significant differences between groups 2 and 3 with respect to the acneiform rash clinical severity scale, but their values were significantly lower than those of group 1 (group 1 vs. group 2, p < 0.001$$$ group 1 vs. group 3, p < 0.001). The most rapid resolution of all subjective symptoms was observed in group 3. Significantly lower mDLQI values were also observed in group 3 starting from the 1st week of supportive treatment until the end of the follow‐up period (р < 0.05). No severe adverse reactions were registered in any of the groups during the study. Conclusions. The developed regimens for the supportive treatment of acneiform rash have demonstrated a high efficacy in resolving papulopustular rash and associated subjective symptoms. The use of a complex approach including continuous topical therapy with ivermectin cream and hypotonic thermal water leads to the resolution of rash and relief of subjective symptoms in the shortest time, allows to safely maintain the achieved clinical effect for a long period of observation, has the most significant positive impact on the quality of life of cancer patients.
Randomized study of moisturizers with or without pyridoxine to prevent capecitabine-induced hand-foot syndrome$$$ Background: Hand‐foot syndrome (HFS) is the most common toxicity of capecitabine. HFS is a skin reaction that appears on the palms and/or the soles. Skinmoisturizing agents (SMAs) for the prevention of HFS have been empirically used. On the other hand, the efficacy of pyridoxine (V.B6) is controversial. Recently it is reported that the frequent dosing of SMAs give rise to the effect for the prevention of HFS. We conducted a randomized feasibility study comparing SMAs alone with SMAs plus V.B6. Methods: Patients with breast cancer who were going to have capecitabine were randomized to receive either SMAs plus V.B6 60mg/day or SMAs alone daily during chemotherapy. SMAs was applied 5 times a day. The applied area was palms, soles, and from MP‐join to Tiptoe. The amount of SMAs to be used was 0.6 finger tip unit on both hands area. Heparinoid‐containing cream was for used as SMAs. Results and Conclusion: This study is ongoing. There is a merit to be easy of compliance in case of SMAs alone. We are going to report the result of this study.
The role of local vaginal estrogen for treatment of vaginal atrophy in postmenopausal women: 2007 position statement of The North American Menopause Society$$$ OBJECTIVE: To create an evidence‐based position statement published by The North American Menopause Society (NAMS) on the role of local vaginal estrogen therapy (ET) for the treatment of vaginal atrophy in postmenopausal women. DESIGN: NAMS followed the general principles established for evidence‐based guidelines to create this document. A panel of clinicians and researchers acknowledged to be experts in the field of genitourinary disease was enlisted to review, synthesize, and interpret the current evidence on vaginal ET for vaginal atrophy, develop conclusions, and make recommendations. Their advice was used to assist the NAMS Board of Trustees in publishing this position statement. RESULTS: Randomized controlled trials, albeit limited, have shown that low‐dose, local vaginal estrogen delivery is effective and well tolerated for treating vaginal atrophy. All of the low‐dose vaginal estrogen products approved in the United States for treatment of vaginal atrophy are equally effective at the doses recommended in labeling. CONCLUSIONS: The choice of therapy should be guided by clinical experience and patient preference. Progestogen is generally not indicated when low‐dose estrogen is administered locally for vaginal atrophy. Data are insufficient to recommend annual endometrial surveillance in asymptomatic women using vaginal ET. Vaginal ET should be continued for women as long as distressful symptoms remain. For women treated for non‐hormone‐dependent cancer, management of vaginal atrophy is similar to that for women without a cancer history. For women with a history of hormone‐dependent cancer, management recommendations are dependent upon each woman's preference in consultation with her oncologist.
Assessing the effectiveness of urea cream as a prophylactic agent for radiation dermatitis$$$ Purpose: To assess the efficacy of Urea cream in preventing acute radiation dermatitis, in patients undergoing radiotherapy to the head and neck cancer. Background & Significance: Acute radiation dermatitis is a common reaction during radiotherapy for head and neck cancer patients. Its occurrence interferes in the patients' quality of life and effectiveness of radiotherapy, considering possible interruptions in treatment and changes in the therapeutic dose. Many topical agents are being used for the prevention and management of radiation dermatitis. However, no therapeutic option proved to be truly effective. Conceptual or Clinical Model/Philosophic or Theoretic Framework: Mono‐institutional single‐arm prospective observational study. Methods & Analysis: Patients were treated with radiotherapy to the head and neck cancer. Urea cream was applied daily, starting on the first day and ending on the last day of radiotherapy or when occurred the development of dry desquamation. Patients underwent weekly skin assessments. Outcome measures such as erythema and the degree of radia‐tion dermatitis were assessed using a Radiation‐induced Skin Reaction Assessment Scale (RISRAS) and Radiation Therapy Oncology Group (RTOG), respectively. Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) was used to evalu‐ate skin symptoms like itchiness and hiperpigmentation. Findings & Implications: From August 2015 to December 2016,18 head and neck cancer patients, undergoing radio‐therapy, used Urea cream. The average patient age was 58 years, and 67% of the patients were male. Twelve patients underwent chemotherapy concomitant with radiotherapy. The majority of the radiation dermatitis was observed from the third week of radiotherapy. Most patients developed erythema at week 3 (78%). The maximum skin toxicity observed during the course of treatment second score RTOG was as follows: Grade 1 toxicity, 72% (13 patients)$$$ Grade 2, 11% (2 patients)$$$ both in week 3. No patient presented radiation dermatitis grade 3 or grade 4. According to CTCAE, 67% (12 patients) presented hyperpigmentation and 44% (8 patients) presented itchiness at week 3. No patient presented an adverse reaction to Urea cream. Discussion: The majority of patients who underwent radiotherapy for head and neck cancer developed radiation dermatitis with the use of Urea cream up to the third week of treatment. However, no treatment delays or interruptions were observed because of radiation dermatitis. Therefore, the evaluation of Urea cream in a randomized clinical trial may be recommended.
RTi3: radiation Therapy Conference 2013$$$ The proceedings contain 43 papers. The topics discussed include: communicating with emotional patients: thoughts, skills and influencing factors for Ontario radiation therapists$$$ development and implementation of an electronic education tool for volumetric image guided radiation therapy$$$ surface mold brachytherapy for mycosis fungoides of the foot$$$ its a kind of magic! the unexpected impact of a systematic in‐patient controlled clinical trial on patient well‐being$$$ randomized intra‐patient controlled trial of mepilexlite dressings vs. aqueous cream in managing radiation‐induced skin reactions post‐mastectomy$$$ what are the perceived barriers to radiation oncologists and primary care nurses addressing sexuality issues with cancer patients at the Northeast cancer center?$$$ tri‐axial ellipsoid volume calculation: a method for bladder volume estimation$$$ and long term outcomes of a novel five fraction hypofractionated protocol for low risk prostate cancer.
Phase III Randomized Double-Blind Trial of Bepanthen® Cream Versus Cetomacrogol Cream in the Prevention of Papulopustular eruption in Patients Receiving Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor Inhibitors (EGFRI): beCet$$$ INTERVENTION: 80 patients will receive for the first 6 weeks of treatment Bepanthen crème, 80 patients Cetomacrogol crème to apply twice daily. Using FACT‐EGFRI, a dermatology‐specific questionnaire, this study examines the effect of these side effects on three domains of HRQoL ‐ symptoms, emotions, and functioning. Severity of dermatological side effects will be assessed using the NCI‐CTCAE v4.0. Correlation of dermatology HRQoL scores with NCI‐CTCAE grade, sex, age, type of EGFRI, and cancer type will be conducted. CONDITION: $$$ dermatological side effects $$$ skin toxicities 10014982 10027655 PRIMARY OUTCOME: 1. The incidence of grade >= 2 papulopustular eruption during the 6 week skin $$$ treatment within Bepanthen and Cetomacrogol, as measured by the CTCAE v4.0 and $$$ DERETT‐H, an dermatologic specific healthcare provider questionnaire for $$$ Dermatological Reactions Targeted Therapy. $$$ 2. Assess the impact of papulopustular eruptions on HRQoL as measured by the $$$ Functional Assessment of Cancer Therapy Questionnaire ‐ EGFRI (FACT‐EGFRI) and $$$ newly developed symptom experience diary Dermatological Reactions Targeted $$$ Therapy ‐ Patients (DERETT‐P).$$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: 3. Determine the patient tolerability and satisfaction of Bepanthen®/ $$$ Cetomacrogol cream as measured by DERETT‐P. $$$ 4. Determine the effectiveness of Bepanthen® cream versus Cetomacrogol cream on $$$ the adherence to anticancer agents as measured by FACT‐EGFRI and DERETT‐P. $$$ 5. Assessments during the 6‐week skin treatment period of the incidence and $$$ time to onset of other dermatological side effects which can appear together $$$ with papulopustular eruptions as measured by DERETT‐H. $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: * Male and female subjects * >=18 years of age. * Patients must have signed an approved informed consent form prior to registration on study. * Histological proof of cancer. * A planned course of EGFRI treatment for any type of cancer. Patients must be entered on study <= 7 days before EGFRI treatment begins. EGFRI treatments: (e.g. panitumumab, cetuximab, lapatinib, gefitinib, and erlotinib). * Have an Eastern Co‐operative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status <= 2. * Ability to complete questionnaire(s) by themselves or with assistance. * Patients need to be free of infection and not using any topical treatments on the skin.
Fatigue in patients undergoing radiation therapy: an observational study$$$ AIM: Fatigue can be defined as an unpleasant feeling of tiredness, weakness and lack of energy. It is found in about 80% of the patients receiving radiation therapy and has a significant impact on quality of life. The aim of this paper was to assess the frequency, severity and changes of fatigue before, during and after administration of a nutraceutical (mixture of whey protein with an high biological value, with an high content in native cysteine, albumin and lactoferrin in patients undergoing treatment for breast and prostate cancer. METHODS: Thirty patients (20 breast and 10 prostate ones) were enrolled in our test and they received a questionnaire about Fatigue developed by the University of Texas, MD Anderson Cancer Center, 1999. The patients who achieved a score between 4 and 6 were administered the nutraceutical (Prother) at a dose of 20 g / day for the first 10 days of radiation treatment and then 10 g/day for the following 20 days without considering the terms of the radiation oncology treatment [corrected]. Each patient was reassessed using the same Fatigue test after 10 and 30 days from the start of the administration of nutraceutical. We enrolled 30 control patients who did not receive Prother. RESULTS: The results showed the effectiveness of Prother in all patients with moderate‐to‐mild fatigue. CONCLUSION: The administration of Prother has therefore been effective in terms of both improving the compliance of the radiation treatment and the quality of life.
Nutrition intervention is beneficial to the quality of life of patients with gastrointestinal cancer undergoing chemotherapy in Vietnam$$$ Introduction: The best treatment therapy for gastrointestinal cancer patients is assessed by the improvement of health status and quality of life (QoL) after treatments. Malnutrition is related to loss of muscle strengths which leads to lower physical performance and emotional status. Thus, this study aimed to estimate the effects of nutritional interventions on the improvement of QoL among gastrointestinal patients undergoing chemotherapy in Vietnam. Methods: A quasi‐experiment with intervention and control groups for pre‐ and post‐intervention assessment was carried out at the Department of Oncology and Palliative Care—Hanoi Medical University Hospital from 2016 to 2019. Sixty gastrointestinal cancer patients were recruited in each group. The intervention regimen consisted of nutritional counseling, a specific menu with a recommended amount of energy, protein, and formula milk used within 2 months. Nutritional status and QoL of patients were evaluated using The Scored Patient‐Generated Subjective Global Assessment (PG‐SGA) and The European Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer (EORTC). The difference in differences (DiD) method was utilized to estimate the outcome between control and intervention groups. Results: After the intervention, patients of the intervention group had better changes in scores of global health status (Coef =16.68$$$ 95% CI =7.90$$$ 25.46), physical (Coef =14.51$$$ 95% CI =5.34$$$ 23.70), and role functioning (Coef =14.67$$$ 95% CI =1.63$$$ 27.70) compared to the control group. Regarding symptom scales, the level of fatigue, pain, and insomnia symptoms significantly reduced between pre‐ and post‐intervention in the intervention group. In addition, living in urban areas, defined as malnourished and having low prealbumin levels, were positively associated with the lower global health status/QoL score. Conclusion: Nutritional therapy with high protein was beneficial to the improvement in QoL, physical function and the reduction of negative symptoms among gastrointestinal cancer patients. Early individualized nutritional support in consultation with professional dietitians during chemotherapy plays an integral part in enhancing the QoL and better treatment prognosis. Clinical trial registration number: NCT04517708.
Immune responses in patients with breast cancer treated with an anti-idiotype antibody that mimics the human milk fat globule (HMFG) antigen$$$ 34th Annual Meeting of the American Society of Clinical Oncology$$$ 16‐19 May 1998$$$ Los Angeles, California, USA
Technical effects of adding 1 % lidocaine to technetium sulfur colloid for sentinel lymphatic mapping in early breast cancer: analysis of data from a double-blind randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: A practice standard in sentinel lymph node (SLN) mapping in breast cancer is intradermal injection of technetium‐99m sulfur colloid (Tc‐99m), resulting in significant patient discomfort and pain. A previous randomized controlled trial showed that adding lidocaine to Tc‐99m significantly reduced radioisotope injection‐related pain. We tested whether 1 % lidocaine admixed with Tc‐99m affects feasibility of SLN mapping. METHODS: Between January 2006 and April 2009, 140 patients with early breast cancer were randomly assigned (1:1:1:1) to receive standard topical 4 % lidocaine cream and intradermal Tc‐99m (control) or to one of three other study groups: topical placebo cream and injection of Tc‐99m containing sodium bicarbonate (NaHCO3), 1 % lidocaine, or both. All SLN data were collected prospectively. RESULTS: Study groups were comparable for clinicopathological parameters. As previously reported, the addition of 1 % lidocaine to the radioisotope solution significantly improved patient comfort. Overall SLN identification rate in the trial was 93 %. Technical aspects of SLN biopsy were similar for all groups, including time from injection to operation, first SLN (SLN 1) gamma probe counts, ex vivo counts for SLN 1 and SLN 2, and axillary bed counts. SLN identification rates were comparable statistically: control (96 %), lidocaine (90 %), sodium bicarbonate (97 %), and sodium bicarbonate‐lidocaine (90 %). The control group had a significantly higher SLN 2/SLN 1 ex vivo count ratio, and the number of SLNs detected was significantly reduced in the lidocaine versus no‐lidocaine groups (p < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Addition of 1 % lidocaine to standard radioisotope solution for SLN mapping in breast cancer is associated with fewer SLNs detected, but it does not appear to compromise SLN identification.
Do topical anesthetics reduce periareolar injectional pain before sentinel lymph node biopsy?$$$ BACKGROUND: Topical anesthetics have been used in various procedures. The purpose of this study was to evaluate efficacy of lidocaine/prilocaine cream in decreasing the pain of injection for sentinel lymph node biopsy. METHODS: A prospective, randomized, placebo‐controlled study was conducted on female breast cancer patients undergoing periareolar injection for sentinel lymph node isolation. Subjects applied lidocaine/prilocaine cream or a placebo cream before injection and completed a survey postoperatively. RESULTS: Twenty treatment and 19 control patients were studied. There was a trend for control subjects to indicate that the injection was "painful" or "extremely painful" more often than treatment subjects (52.6% vs 25.0%, respectively, P = .074). The treatment group was more likely to recommend the cream to other cancer patients (70.0% vs 42.1%), with a trend toward significance (P = .076). CONCLUSIONS: This study showed no statistically significant reduction in pain scores in subjects receiving the topical anesthetic. Further studies targeting patients with low pain tolerance may prove more effective.
Combined effect of exercise, pranayama and diet on tiredness in cancer patients undergoing treatment$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Physical Exercise: Micro workouts and walking for 3 months will be advised. Target duration of exercises will be 5 days per week with a total of 150 minutes per week. Intervention2: Pranayama Practice: The participants will practice abdominal breathing with longer exhalation, anulom vilom pranayama (alternate nostril breathing), bhramari pranayama (humming breath) and sheetali pranayama (cooling breath). In breath awareness, they will maintain their focus on the physical sensations of breathing with each inhalation and exhalation. Total duration of pranayama session will be 15 minutes. Intervention3: Dietary high protein supplement: High protein diet in the form of sattu, a type of flour will be recommended. It consists of a mixture of ground pulses, cereals, dry roasting grains or grams, most oftenÂ barley or bengal gram, dry roasting cashew, almond, millet, and chickpea ground to a fine flour. The participants will take 1 packet of 100 gm daily in 200 ml of milk or water for 3 months. Control Intervention1: Counselling: The Control Group will receive counseling that is offered routinely as a part of their treatment. CONDITION: Health Condition 1: C00‐D49‐ Neoplasms PRIMARY OUTCOME: Fatigue will be assessed with the FACIT Fatigue Scale Version 4 before the intervention and three months post interventionTimepoint: Baseline and after three months SECONDARY OUTCOME: Not applicableTimepoint: Not applicable INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients diagnosed with solid tumor and receiving chemotherapy for at least 3 months. Patients having fatigue (score 1 to 4 on fatigue pictogram). Functional ability as per ECOG (Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group) score 0 to 1.
Effectiveness of acceptance and commitment therapy management on self-differentiation and fear of disease progression in patients with breast cancer$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Fear of disease progression and rejection of what happened and not being able to distinguish oneself from mental processes cause confusion in mental health. Since acceptance and commitment therapy emphasizes on modification of dysfunctional processes such as avoidance and fusion and their change to acceptance and commitment, the present study was conducted to examine the effectiveness of acceptance and commitment therapy on self‐differentiation and fear of disease progression in patients with breast cancer. METHODS: This clinical trial was performed on 30 patients referred to the Touba Oncology Center in Sari, who were randomly divided into two groups of experiment and control (n=15). The treatment was performed in eight 90‐minute sessions in the experimental group. Participants were assessed and compared based on questionnaire of self‐differentiation and fear of disease progression before the experiment and two months after that. FINDINGS: The results showed that fear of disease progression in the pre‐test compared to the post‐test decreased in the experimental group (135.11±4.27 versus 126.05±3.12) and in the follow‐up period, this decease continued in the experimental group (125.32±3.05) (p<0.05). In addition, the mean score of self‐differentiation in pre‐test compared to post‐test increased (67.12±12.5 versus 77.17±4.51) and this increase continued in the follow‐up period (75.4±3.34) (p<0.05). CONCLUSION: The results of the study showed that acceptance and commitment therapy management could be effective in increasing self‐differentiation and reducing the fear of disease progression in breast cancer patients.
Novel Approaches for Dynamic Visualization of Adverse Event Data in Oncology Clinical Trials: A Case Study Using Immunotherapy Trial S1400-I (SWOG)$$$ PURPOSE: Clinical trial adverse event (AE) data are increasingly complex and high‐dimensional, especially for trials evaluating novel targeted agents and immunotherapies. Standard approaches to summarize and analyze AEs remain generally tabular, failing to describe the nature of AEs. Novel dynamic and data visualization methods are needed to enable a more comprehensive assessment of the overall toxicity profile of treatments. METHODS: We developed methods for visualizing the numerous categorizations and types of AEs along with a dynamic approach to better reflect its highly dimensional nature without sacrificing the reporting of rare events. Circular plots displaying the proportion of maximal‐grade AEs by system organ classes (SOCs) and butterfly plots displaying the proportion of AEs by severity for each AE term were developed to enable comparisons of AE patterns by treatment arm. These approaches were applied to a randomized phase III trial (S1400I$$$ ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT02785952) comparing nivolumab with nivolumab plus ipilimumab in patients with stage IV squamous non‐small‐cell lung cancer. RESULTS: Our visualizations revealed that patients randomly assigned to nivolumab and ipilimumab had higher rates of grade 3 or higher AEs compared with nivolumab alone for several SOCs, including musculoskeletal (5.6% v 0.8%), skin (5.6% v 0.8%), vascular (5.6% v 1.6%), and cardiac (4% v 1.6%) toxicities. They also suggested a pattern of higher prevalence of moderate GI and endocrine toxicities and showed that although the rates of cardiac and neurologic toxicities were similar, the types of events were discordant. CONCLUSION: The graphical approaches we proposed enable a more comprehensive and intuitive evaluation of toxicity types by treatment groups, which is not apparent in tabular and descriptive reporting methods.
The inclusion of non-drug therapy in the Nursing Process for the control of nausea / vomiting and mouth sores in patients with breast and lung Cancer undergoing chemotherapy$$$ INTERVENTION: B01.650.560 Device E02.258 G07.203.100.975 The study will be carried out in the oncology department of Botucatu State Hospital and home visits to patients in the cities belonging to the Polo Cuesta, which comprises 13 cities: Anhembi, Areiópolis, Botucatu, Bochas Conchas, Itatinga, Laranjal Paulista, Pereiras, Pardinho, Porangaba, San Manuel, Pratânia, Torre de Pedras. The population will comprise a total of 70 patients, of these 30 patients with lung cancer (divided into 15 control cases and 15 experimental cases) and 40 clients with breast neoplasms (20 control cases and 20 experimental cases). The participation in each group will be defined by lot. Patients will be informed in advance about the research and the possibility of participating in the study besides being guided about the objectives and ethical issues. Interventions and the questionnaire will be applied after patient or family authorization in cases where the client is not advised, with the intention of expressing acceptance or denial of participating in the study, by signing the Informed Consent Term. Control group (15 patients with lung cancer and 20 patients with breast cancer): consume cold food or at room temperature, drink carbonated drinks, use prescribed anti‐emetic drugs, rest after meals, eat several times a day, use soft toothpaste and soft toothpaste, perform regular toothbrush changes, do not use mouthwashes, rinse cold chamomile tea 3 to 4 times a day, lubricate lips with cocoa butter, keep food pasty or liquid and chilled, and sugary, avoid acidic fruits. Experimental group (15 patients with lung cancer and 20 patients with breast cancer): consume cold foods or at room temperature, drink carbonated drinks, use prescribed anti‐emetic drugs, rest after meals, eat several times a day, use soft toothpaste and soft toothpaste, perform regular toothbrush changes, do not use mouthwashes, rinse cold chamomile tea 3 to 4 times a day, lubricate lips with cocoa butter, keep food pasty or liquid and chilled, and (on the day of ap CONDITION: C00‐D48 C04.588.180 C04.588.894.797.520 E02.183.750 Emesis and mucositis caused by chemotherapy in patients with breast or lung cancer. $$$ C04.588.894.797.520 $$$ C34.3 $$$ C34.2 $$$ C34.1 $$$ C04.588.180 $$$ C50 $$$ E02.183.750 PRIMARY OUTCOME: The management of emesis and mucositis in patients with breast or lung cancer who underwent chemotherapeutic treatment through the use of ginger tea and mouthwash with chamomile tea, respectively.$$$ It will be evaluated through the collection of data that is performed by telephone to analyze adherence and decrease the incidence of adverse reactions. It was done 72 hours after the consumption of ginger tea and for evaluation of the effect of the mouthwash with chamomile tea and researcher will contact on the 10th day. At the end of the interventions and data collection, a statistical analysis of the data is performed. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Individualized treatment variables may interfere with the study: the impact of interventions according to each type of neoplasm (breast or lung) and the prescribed chemotherapy, personal characteristics of each patient (oral hygiene, oral characteristics or changes prior to chemotherapy treatment , eating habits, pathologies concomitant with carcinoma, parallel therapies). These aspects will be evaluated through oral cavity evaluation and anamnesis, for further comparison of the data and identification of interferences in the study. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Over 18 years of age$$$both genders$$$carrier of breast or lung cancer$$$being in adjuvant or neoadjuvant chemotherapeutic treatment$$$being the first chemotherapy treatment performed$$$to be performing the first 4 cycles of chemotherapy in the State Hospital of Botucatu.
Impact of oral nicotinamide supplementation on the serum biochemical indices of lipid mobilization and metabolism$$$ Nicotinamide, a component of NAD and NADP plays an essential role in the cellular ATP producing mechanisms. In veterinary medicine, it is utilized for the prevention and treatment of ketosis and negative energy balance in dairy cattle. Hyperlipemia and catabolic states are common in horses suffering from various conditions. The objective of this study was to evaluate the effect of nicotinamide administration on the indices of lipid mobilization and metabolism. In this double blind placebo controlled experimental trial, 12 horses were fasted on a strictly monitored fashion for the earliest detection of clinically significant catabolic state. Following starvation for 96 h, horses were randomly allocated to either a treatment group or a control group. While reintroduced to feeding, treatment group received 60 mg/kg niacin orally once and control group received saline. Physical exam and venous blood collection were performed every 24 h for the first 72 h, then every 4 h for an additional 48 h. Serum triglycerides, FFA, BUN and insulin were measured. Data were analyzed with 2 way repeated measures ANOVA and P < 0.05 was considered significant. All horses tolerated the starvation without any complications. Animals uniformly developed mild to moderate hypertriglyceridaemia within 72‐96 h of starvation (P < 0.05). During refeeding, treatment group exhibited a significantly faster resolution of catabolic indices (BUN, FFA, triglyceride) compared to placebo (P < 0.05). Based on these promising results, administration of nicotinamide should be further evaluated in clinical trials.
Assessment of non-small cell lung cancer viability and necrosis with three radiopharmaceuticals$$$ Assessment of tumor viability and necrosis of non‐small cell lung cancer and detection of distant metastases are important for diagnosis, staging, monitoring the response to treatment and planning long‐term management. We performed scintigraphy on patients with non‐small cell lung cancer to determine the utility of three tumor targeting tracers for diagnosing primary lung cancer, for differentiating viable from necrotic tumor tissue and for detecting distant bone and soft tissue metastases. Our patients were divided into groups. Group A consisted of 27 patients, 25 male and 2 female, mean age 59 years, range from 35 to 72 years. These patients underwent radioimmunoscintigraphy (RIS) using monoclonal antibody against human milk fat globule labeled with technetium‐99m ((99m)Tc). Group B consisted of 23 patients, 21 male and 2 female, mean age 56 years, range: 37 to 70 years. Group C consisted of 24 patients, 20 male and 4 female, mean age 58 years, range: 35 to 74 years. Both Groups B and C underwent chest and whole‐body scintigraphy with 555 MBq of (99m)Tc‐sestamibi ((99m)Tc‐S) and 111 MBq of thallium‐201 chloride ((201)TlCl), respectively. Tumor to non‐tumor ratio was calculated. Our findings show that RIS had 52% sensitivity in detecting primary non‐small cell lung cancer. In contrast, the sensitivity of (99m)Tc‐S and of (201)Tl scintigraphy was 87% and 88%, respectively. High uptake of all three radiopharmaceuticals was found in 6 patients with distant soft tissue and bone tissue metastases and in 1 patient with brain metastasis. Mean tumor to non‐tumor ratios were similar: for RIS 1.7+/‐0.4, for (99m)Tc‐S 1.6+/‐0.3 and for (201)Tl 1.6+/‐0.2. IN CONCLUSION: (99m)Tc‐S and (201)Tl scintigraphy are superior to RIS for detecting non‐small primary lung cancers and potentially clinically useful methods for detecting primary lung cancer as above, as well as bone and soft tissue metastases.
A phase 3 study of durvalumab tremelimumab as first-line treatment in patients with unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma: himalaya study$$$ Aims: Thus far, sorafenib remains the standard of care for first‐line systemic therapy in patients with advanced hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) but patient prognosis and quality of life (QOL) continues to be poor. HCC may be responsive to immunotherapy due to higher expression of immunosuppressive cells and upregulation of CTLA‐4 and PD‐1 immune checkpoints (Gao et al 2009, Hato et al 2014, Pardee & Butterfield 2012). Hepatitis B virus (HBV) and hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection are also associated with upregulation of regulatory T cells and PD‐L1/PD‐1 expression (Miroux et al 2010, Pardee & Butterfield 2012). Blockade of PD‐L1/PD‐1 or CTLA4 immune checkpoints demonstrated clinical benefit in HCC as monotherapy. In preclinical studies, combination of anti‐PDL1 and anti‐CTLA‐4 antibodies enhanced anti‐tumor activity compared with monotherapy, indicating that the 2 pathways are non‐redundant (Stewart, et al 2015). Early clinical data from a Phase I/II trial combining anti‐PD‐L1 and CTLA‐4 (NCT02519348) demonstrated safety and a durable objective response rate (ORR) of 18%, prompting study expansion. Methods: HIMALAYA (NCT03298451) is the first randomized, open‐label, multicenter, Phase 3 study to assess the efficacy and safety of durvalumab (D) + tremelimumab (T) combination therapy versus sorafenib in the first‐line treatment of patients with unresectable, histologically‐confirmed HCC. Patients will be randomized to arms evaluating D monotherapy, D+T combination therapy, or sorafenib monotherapy. Patients will be stratified according to macrovascular invasion (yes vs no), etiology of liver disease (HBV versus HCV vs others), and performance status (ECOG 0 vs 1). The primary endpoint for this study is overall survival (OS). Secondary endpoints include ORR, duration of response, disease control rate, progression‐free survival, and time to progression according to RECIST v1.1 using investigator assessments. Safety and health‐related quality of life will also be assessed.
Sugar-sweetened product consumption alters glucose homeostasis compared with dairy product consumption in men and women at risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus$$$ BACKGROUND: Dietary patterns characterized by high intakes of fruits and vegetables, whole grains, low‐fat dairy products, and low glycemic load have been associated with lower type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) risk. In contrast, dietary patterns that include high intakes of refined grains, processed meats, and high amounts of added sugars have been associated with increased T2DM risk. OBJECTIVE: This randomized, 2‐period crossover trial compared the effects of dairy and sugar‐sweetened product (SSP) consumption on insulin sensitivity and pancreatic β‐cell function in men and women at risk of the development of T2DM who habitually consume sugar‐sweetened beverages. METHODS: In a randomized, controlled crossover trial, participants consumed dairy products (474 mL/d 2% milk and 170 g/d low‐fat yogurt) and SSPs (710 mL/d nondiet soda and 108 g/d nondairy pudding), each for 6 wk, with a 2‐wk washout between treatments. A liquid meal tolerance test (LMTT) was administered at baseline and the end of each period. RESULTS: Participants were 50% female with a mean age and body mass index of 53.8 y and 32.2 kg/m(2), respectively. Changes from baseline were significantly different between dairy product and SSP conditions for median homeostasis model assessment 2‐insulin sensitivity (HOMA2‐%S) (1.3 vs. ‐21.3%, respectively, P = 0.009$$$ baseline = 118%), mean LMTT disposition index (‐0.03 vs. ‐0.36, respectively, P = 0.011$$$ baseline = 2.59), mean HDL cholesterol (0.8 vs. ‐4.2%, respectively, P = 0.015$$$ baseline = 44.3 mg/dL), and mean serum 25‐hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] (11.7 vs. ‐3.3, respectively, P = 0.022$$$ baseline = 24.5 μg/L). Changes from baseline in LMTT Matsuda insulin sensitivity index (‐0.10 vs. ‐0.49, respectively$$$ baseline = 4.16) and mean HOMA2‐β‐cell function (‐2.0 vs. 5.3%, respectively$$$ baseline = 72.6%) did not differ significantly between treatments. CONCLUSION: These results suggest that SSP consumption is associated with less favorable values for HOMA2‐%S, LMTT disposition index, HDL cholesterol, and serum 25(OH)D in men and women at risk of T2DM vs. baseline values and values during dairy product consumption. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01936935.
NO EVIDENCE OF PERTURBATIONS OF THE BREAST MILK MICROBIOME BY ANTIRETROVIRAL THERAPY$$$ Background: Antiretroviral treatment (ART) has greatly reduced AIDS‐related morbidity and mortality in women living with HIV (LWH) and has broken the chain of mother‐to‐child transmission (MTCT) of HIV‐1 both peripartum and through breastfeeding. Breastfeeding has profound benefits including reducing infant mortality. Human milk contains over 200 beneficial factors including cells, antibodies, human milk oligosaccharides and microbes that are critical to infant immune development. Some data indicate that ART may alter the microbiome of people LWH. We investigated whether ART altered the breast milk microbiome. Methods: In PROMISE1, postpartum mother‐infant pairs were randomized to receive either maternal ART (mART) with tenofovir, emtricitabine, and ritonavirboosted lopinavir or infant nevirapine (iNVP) for prophylaxis of MTCT for the duration of breastfeeding. Longitudinal maternal samples at 6, 26, 50 and 74 weeks postpartum from a subset of participants matched on baseline maternal CD4 count, viral load, country, and date of study randomization were selected for 16S rRNA gene sequencing of V4 region. DADA2, decontam, and phyloseq were used for sequence inference, contaminant removal, and subsequent analyses. Differences in overall microbiome composition were assessed using permutational multivariate ANOVA (PERMANOVA) with Jenson‐Shannon distances. To account for repeated measures, linear mixed effects models were used to identify specific taxa that differed between the treatment groups. All statistical analyses were performed using 'R' v4.1.3. Results: Microbiome profiles were obtained for 196/200 samples following standard processing and filtering criteria from 50 women (25 mART, 25 iNVP). Overall, breast milk microbiomes were similar between women receiving ART and those whose infants were on NVP, with Streptococcus and Staphylococcus as the dominant members. PERMANOVA revealed that time since delivery and the microbiome were associated as expected (R2=0.037, p< 0.001), but maternal ART treatment was not a significant driver of overall microbiome variation (R2=0.001, p=0.845). No statistically significant differences in diversity at any of the four timepoints nor in genus‐ or species‐level relative abundances between the treatment arms were observed when using a linear mixed‐effects model. Conclusion: We found no evidence that the breast milk microbiome is altered by ART in lactating women living with HIV compared with women LWH and not on ART.
Electric breast pump use increases maternal milk volume in African nurseries$$$ Health experts worldwide recognize breastmilk as the superior infant food. Recommendations from the American Academy of Pediatrics and the World Health Organization (WHO) identify exclusive breastfeeding for the first half‐year of life and continuation of breastfeeding into toddlerhood as offering maximum protection from illness, providing a substrate for immunological protection. Data from developed countries identify increasing morbidity and mortality rates for infants who have never received breastmilk in life and demonstrate that infants benefit from exclusive breastfeeding, especially, in areas of severe poverty. Preterm infants, most at risk for morbidity and mortality in developing countries, are identified as needing their own mother's milk for survival. Exclusive feeding of own mothers' milk (OMM) is associated with improved infant survival$$$ however, inadequate maternal milk volume (MMV) often necessitates adding artificial feedings or exogenous substances to OMM. The objective of this study was to compare mean daily MMV for mothers of premature or sick infants in special care nurseries (SCN) using one of three methods of OMM expression: electric breast pump, non‐electric pedal breast pump, and hand (manual) expression. We studied 65 mothers whose infants were cared for in two SCN in Africa (Kenya and Nigeria) and were unable to feed directly at the breast. In this randomized trial, mothers were randomly assigned to one of three milk expression groups at birth. MMV, the dependent variable, was measured for an average of 8.7 days. MMV for the electric and pedal pump and hand milk expression was 578 +/‐ 228 ml (n = 22), 463 +/‐ 302 ml (n = 24) and 323 +/‐ 199 ml (n = 19), respectively. Data were evaluated using a one‐way ANOVA (p = 0.014). The Tukey revealed significant differences (p < 0.01) between electric breast pump expression and hand expression but not between the electric and pedal pump or the pedal pump and hand expression. Findings revealed greater MMV with electric breast pumps than hand‐expression for mothers of infants in African nurseries. This data has important implications for international policy if exclusive OMM feeding is to be achieved for the vulnerable infant. Funded by West Virginia University Department of Research and Graduate Studies HSC Grant # 2U023U$$$ Non‐monetary donations of breast pumps and breast pump kits were made by Medela (Medela, Inc., McHenry, IL, USA).
A randomized multicenter phase II trial on the efficacy of a hydrocolloid dressing containing ceramide with a low-friction external surface for hand-foot skin reaction caused by sorafenib in patients with renal cell carcinoma$$$ BACKGROUND: The purpose of this study was to investigate the usefulness of a hydrocolloid dressing containing ceramide for hand‐foot skin reaction (HFSR) on the soles of the feet in metastatic renal cell carcinoma (RCC) patients treated with sorafenib. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Patients with grade 1 HFSR on the soles of the feet were randomly assigned in to two groups. One group received a hydrocolloid dressing containing ceramide (arm A) and the other received 10% urea cream (arm B). Patients in both groups applied treatment to the affected sites on the soles of the feet, but not to the hands. The primary end point was the incidence of grade 2 or 3 HFSR on the soles of the feet in the first 4 weeks. RESULTS: Thirty‐three patients were assessed (17 in arm A and 16 in arm B), and there were no significant differences in baseline characteristics between the two groups. During the observation period of this study, grade 2 or 3 HFSR on the soles of the feet was found in 29% of patients in arm A and was significantly less than the 69% in arm B (P=0.03). The incidence of HFSR on the hands, however, was similar in both arms. The median time to grade 2 or 3 HFSR on the soles of the feet was also significantly longer in arm A than in arm B (P=0.03). CONCLUSIONS: These results indicate that a hydrocolloid dressing containing ceramide prevented the worsening of HFSR caused by sorafenib in metastatic RCC patients. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: UMIN000002016.
Phosphatemic Index Is a Novel Evaluation Tool for Dietary Phosphorus Load: a Whole-Foods Approach$$$ OBJECTIVE: Dietary phosphorus (P) restriction is crucial to treat hyperphosphatemia and reduce cardiovascular disease risk and mortality in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) and the wider population. Various methods for dietary P restriction exist, but the bioavailability of P in food should also be considered when making appropriate food choices to maintain patients' quality of life. Here, we propose the "Phosphatemic Index" (PI) as a novel tool for evaluating dietary P load based on P bioavailability$$$ we also evaluated the effect of continuous intake of different PI foods in mixed meals on serum intact fibroblast growth factor 23 concentration. DESIGN AND METHODS: A 2‐stage crossover study was conducted: Study 1: 20 healthy participants consumed 10 different foods containing 200 mg of P, and the PI was calculated from the area under the curve of a time versus serum P concentration curve$$$ Study 2: 10 healthy participants consumed 4 different test meals (low, medium, or high PI meals or a control) over a 5‐day period. RESULTS: Study 1 showed milk and dairy products had high PI values, pork and ham had medium PI values, and soy and tofu had low PI values. In Study 2, ingestion of high PI test meals showed higher fasting serum intact fibroblast growth factor 23 levels and lower serum 1,25‐dihydroxyvitamin D levels compared with ingestion of low PI test meals. CONCLUSION: These findings suggest that the PI can usefully evaluate the dietary P load of various foods and may help to make appropriate food choices for dietary P restriction in CKD patients.
Effect of Early Administration of Vitamin D on Clinical Outcome in Critically Ill Sepsis Patients: a Randomized Placebo-controlled Trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Administration of vitamin D to unselected heterogeneous critically ill patients did not demonstrate outcome benefit. The current study was undertaken to identify if early administration of vitamin D can reduce intensive care unit (ICU) length of stay and improve clinical outcomes in critically ill patients with sepsis. METHODS: This single‐center randomized double‐blind placebo‐controlled trial was done in the ICU and emergency inpatient ward of a tertiary care teaching institute in New Delhi, India. A total of 126 adult patients aged 18 to 80 years of either sex diagnosed to have sepsis were included within 24 hours of admission to the hospital and randomized into vitamin D or placebo groups. The patients in the intervention group received vitamin D3 540,000 units dissolved in 45 mL of milk. The placebo group received 45 mL of milk. RESULTS: The median length of ICU stay (8 vs 9 days$$$ p = 0.32), median length of hospital stay (12 vs 12 days$$$ p = 0.33), median duration of vasopressors requirement (4 vs 3 days$$$ p = 0.84), median duration of mechanical ventilation (5 vs 7 days$$$ p = 0.23), requirement of tracheostomy (34 vs 39%$$$ p = 0.71), and 90‐day mortality [35 vs 46%$$$ p = 0.29$$$ HR 0.72 (0.42‐1.24)] were similar in vitamin D and placebo arm.A subgroup analysis in patients with severe vitamin D deficiency (vitamin D <12 ng/mL) revealed a significantly decreased incidence of tracheostomy (28 vs 57%$$$ p = 0.04), a trend toward decreased 90‐day mortality [34 vs 66%$$$ p = 0.08$$$ HR 0.44 (0.19‐1.01)], and duration of mechanical ventilation (6 vs 11 days$$$ p = 0.05) in patients receiving vitamin D. CONCLUSION: Administration of large‐dose vitamin D within 24 hours of admission does not reduce the length of ICU stay in critically ill sepsis patients. HOW TO CITE THIS ARTICLE: Bhattacharyya A, Subramaniam R, Baidya DK, Aggarwal P, Wig N. Effect of Early Administration of Vitamin D on Clinical Outcome in Critically Ill Sepsis Patients: A Randomized Placebo‐controlled Trial. Indian J Crit Care Med 2021$$$25(10):1147‐1154.
Effect of donar human milk on the weight of less days born babies$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Human donor milk: Weight,Height and Head circumference in three groups.Group A on Mothers milk,Group B on Human donor milk and Group C who are fed on both and formula. Duration of study to be done over the period of 2 years Control Intervention1: Weight / Lenght/Head circumference: Comparing Weight ,Head circumference and length of preterms in three groups naming Group A‐exclusively on mother own milk Group B‐ Human donar milk Group C‐ who are fed on both Mother own milk and Human Donor milk CONDITION: PRIMARY OUTCOME: compare anthropometric indices of all three groups naming $$$ Group A‐Babies on Mother own milk $$$ Group B‐Babies on Human Donor milk $$$ Group C‐Babies who are fed on all type of milk like mother own milk,Human donor milk,Formula feedingTimepoint: weight daily ,Head circumference weekly , length weekly SECONDARY OUTCOME: morbidity & mortality(if any) in any group naming $$$ Group A‐Babies on mother own milk $$$ Group B‐Babies on Human donar milk $$$ Group c‐Babies on all type of milk‐Mother own milk,Human donar milk,Formula feedingTimepoint: whenever it happens in during the course of stay from the day of admission till the discharge from NICU INCLUSION CRITERIA: Preterm less than 37 th weeks on enteral feeding till the discharge
Benefits of the use of mothers milk for mouth care in sick babies$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Expressed breastmilk: Eight hourly cleaning of oral mucosa will be done by sterile cotton buds soaked in fresh expressed breastmilk (EBM) of the biological mother followed by an instillation of 0.1 ml of EBM in each cheek with a tuberculin syringe. Control Intervention1: Sterile water: Eight hourly cleaning of oral mucosa will be done by sterile cotton buds soaked in sterile water. CONDITION: Sick preterm neonates and term mechanically ventilated neonates receiving intravenous fluids and/or orogastric feeds and are not expected to be fed orally in first 3 days of life. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Combined incidence of nosocomial pneumonia and/or late‐onset sepsis‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: At day 28 life or at discharge from hospital, whichever is earlier SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1.Difference in oral colonizer population with respect to oral care provided $$$ 2.Incidence of ventilator associated pneumonia and necrotizing enterocolitis $$$ 3.Procedure‐related adverse effects $$$ 4.Days to achieve full feeds and regain birth weight $$$ 5.Exclusive breastfeeding rate at discharge $$$ 6.Overall mortality from any cause $$$ 7.Duration of hospital stay $$$ ‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Till day 28 life or till discharge from hospital, whichever is earlier INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inborn sick preterm neonates and term mechanically ventilated neonates receiving intravenous fluids and/or orogastric feeds who are not expected to be fed orally in first 3 days of life.
Effect of feeding of first milk in premature babies on time taken to reach full feeds$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Colostrum oral immunotherapy: 0.2ml of Mothers own colostrum will be applied orally using 1ml syringe to paint each cheeks starting within 12 hrs of life till first 96 hrs of life Control Intervention1: Intra gastric colostrum administration: 10ml/kg per day of minimal enteral nutrition started from day 1 of life within first 12 hrs of life till first 96 hrs of life CONDITION: Health Condition 1: P84‐ Other problems with newborn PRIMARY OUTCOME: time to reach full enteral feeds of 150ml/kg/day in preterm neonates 30 weeks admitted to NICUTimepoint: At baseline, at 4 weeks of life SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1.Feed intolerance before reaching full enteral feeding. $$$ 2.Spontaneous Intestinal Perforation before reaching full enteral feeds. $$$ 3.Microbiologically confirmed late‐onset infection. $$$ 4.NEC (Bellâ??s stage 2 or 3) before reaching full enteral feeds. $$$ 5.NEC any time during hospital stay. $$$ 6.Ventilator associated pneumonia. $$$ 7.Bronchopulmonary dysplasia. $$$ 8.Weight gain during hospital stay. $$$ 9.Intraventricular haemorrhage grade 2 or higher. $$$ 10.Periventricular leukomalacia. $$$ 11.ROP requiring treatment. $$$ 12.Length of hospital stay. $$$ 13.Adverse events like choking, bradycardia, desaturation. $$$ 14.Mortality. $$$ Timepoint: from day of life 1 to hospital discharge INCLUSION CRITERIA: All very Preterm babies born at or below 30 weeks on room air or requiring any mode of invasive/ non‐invasive respiratory support, and no/one inotrope
Patient tolerance study of topical chlorhexidine diphosphanilate: a new topical agent for burns$$$ Effective topical antimicrobial agents decrease infection and mortality in burn patients. Chlorhexidine phosphanilate (CHP), a new broad‐spectrum antimicrobial agent, has been evaluated as a topical burn wound dressing in cream form, but preliminary clinical trials reported that it was painful upon application. This study compared various concentrations of CHP to determine if a tolerable concentration could be identified with retention of antimicrobial efficacy. Twenty‐nine burn patients, each with two similar burns which could be separately treated, were given pairs of treatments at successive 12‐h intervals over a 3‐day period. One burn site was treated with each of four different CHP concentrations, from 0.25 per cent to 2 per cent, their vehicle, and 1 per cent silver sulphadiazine (AgSD) cream, an antimicrobial agent frequently used for topical treatment of burn wounds. The other site was always treated with AgSD cream. There was a direct relationship between CHP concentration and patients' ratings of pain on an analogue scale. The 0.25 per cent CHP cream was closest to AgSD in pain tolerance$$$ however, none of the treatments differed statistically from AgSD or from each other. In addition, ease of application of CHP creams was less satisfactory than that of AgSD. It was concluded that formulations at or below 0.5 per cent CHP may prove acceptable for wound care, but the vehicle system needs pharmaceutical improvement to render it more tolerable and easier to use.
Therapeutic effects of Quercus persica l fruit skin on healing of second-degree burn wounds in animal model$$$ Background and Objective: Second‐degree burns are associated with several complications such as infection, septicemia, and unpleasant skin appearance and are one of the main causes of in‐hospital mortality. Therefore, this study was designed to determine the therapeutic effects of Q. persica fruit skin on the healing of second‐degree burn wounds. Materials and Methods: In this experimental study, 60 mice were randomly assigned into three groups. Vaseline was used for group 1, 1% Silver sulfadiazine (SSD) cream was used for group 2, and Vaseline‐based Quercus persica L. hydroalcoholic extract was used for group 3. After the development of second‐degree burns with a pathologist’s confirmation, the wound area was measured for a month by AutoCAD software. The wound was pathologically examined and data were analyzed by repeated measures ANOVA and Kruskal‐Wallis using SPSS 18. Results: Decrease in wound area was 72.01% in the Quercus persica L. group, 65.95% in the SSD group, and 59.12% in the Vaseline group. Mean wound recovery was higher in the Q. persica fruit skin group but not significant (P>0.05). The mean number of wound hair follicles and sebaceous glands and mean wound angiogenesis were higher while wound inflammation intensity was lower in Quercus persica L group, but no significant difference in these variables was seen between the Quercus persica L and SSD groups (P>0.05). Conclusion: Quercus persica L. had relatively acceptable therapeutic effects on the healing of second‐degree burn wounds compared to SSD and Vaseline.
Protective effects of urinastatin on organ function in patients with severe burn$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the protective effects of urinastatin on organ function in severe burn. METHODS: Seventy‐two cases with comparative severity in burn injury were randomly divided into urinastatin treatment group (n=36) and control group (n=36). Patients in control group received routine therapy, while those in treatment group received intravenous dripping of urinastatin twice a day for 5 to 7 days. The dosage of urinastatin was 300 kU in severe burns and 200 kU in moderate burns. Both polyvinylpyrrolidone iodine (PVP‐I) and Jiedu Shaoshang cream were used for wound dressing. The clinical findings were assessed and variables indicating functions of internal organs, including liver (alanine aminotransferase), kidney (blood urea nitrogen, serum creatinine), heart (aspartate aminotransferase, lactate dehydrogenase, alpha‐hydroxybutyrate dehydrogenase, creatine kinase, isoenzymes of creatinine kinase), and coagulation (prothrombin time, international normalized ratio, activated partial thromboplastin time, fibrinogen), as well as blood routine test, troponin, myoglobin, arterial blood analysis, bacteria culture were measured. RESULTS: In treatment group, vital signs and general condition were satisfactory at shock phase and peri‐operative stages in all the patients. Edema of burn wound subsided rapidly. The 28‐day mortality rate was 0. There was significant difference between the two groups (all P<0.05). CONCLUSION: Urinastatin has protective effects on multiple organs in severe burn injury.
A Dietary Intervention of Bioactive Enriched Foods Aimed at Adults at Risk of Metabolic Syndrome: protocol and Results from PATHWAY-27 Pilot Study$$$ Around a quarter of the global adult population have metabolic syndrome (MetS) and therefore increased risk of cardiovascular mortality and diabetes. Docosahexaenoic acid, oat beta‐glucan and grape anthocyanins have been shown to be effective in reducing MetS risk factors when administered as isolated compounds, but their effect when administered as bioactive‐enriched foods has not been evaluated. Objective: The overall aim of the PATHWAY‐27 project was to evaluate the effectiveness of bioactive‐enriched food consumption on improving risk factors of MetS. A pilot study was conducted to assess which of five bioactive combinations provided within three different food matrices (bakery, dairy or egg) were the most effective in adult volunteers. The trial also evaluated the feasibility of production, consumer acceptability and gastrointestinal tolerance of the bioactive‐enriched food. Method: The study included three monocentric, parallel‐arm, double‐blind, randomised, dietary intervention trials without a placebo. Each recruiting centre tested the five bioactive combinations within a single food matrix. Results: The study was completed by 167 participants (74 male, 93 female). The results indicated that specific bioactive/matrix combinations have effects on serum triglyceride or HDL‐cholesterol level without adverse effects. Conclusion: The study evidenced that bioactive‐enriched food offers a promising food‐based strategy for MetS prevention, and highlighted the importance of conducting pilot studies.
Safety and antioxidant effects of a modest soy protein intervention in hemodialysis patients$$$ Antioxidant/anti‐inflammatory effects of isoflavone‐containing soy protein could partly explain why hemodialysis patients in Japan tend to outlive U.S. hemodialysis patients. However, a safety concern is that dialysis patients do not clear isoflavones well. A low‐dose intervention with high isoflavone soy protein (25 g protein, four times a week for 4 weeks) was tested in 17 U.S. hemodialysis patients (eight given soy protein, nine given whey protein as a control). Soy protein intake produced no harmful effects based on a typical battery of blood safety tests. Post‐treatment isoflavone levels, though high, were similar to those reported after a single 20‐g soy protein intake by dialysis patients. In addition, intake of soy, but not whey, reduced plasma values for oxidized low‐density lipoprotein, a risk factor for cardiovascular disease, which is a common mortality cause in hemodialysis patients. Three other measures of oxidant stress and/or inflammation were unchanged by the modest high isoflavone soy protein intervention. In conclusion, in hemodialysis patients, a fairly short, low intake level intervention with high isoflavone soy protein produced no obvious harm, and produced one potentially beneficial effect. This justifies tests of higher‐dose, longer interventions with soy protein in hemodialysis patients.
Prospective randomized double-blind study of efficacy of probiotic milk drink in reducing the incidence of antibiotic-associated diarrhoea and clostridium difficile diarrhoea$$$ This prospective double‐blind randomized placebo‐controlled trial evaluated the effect of a probiotic fermented milk drink containing Lactobacillus casei Shirota on the incidence of antibiotic‐associated diarrhoea (AAD) and Clostridium difficile‐associated disease (CDAD) on renal unit inpatients. The probiotic drink or placebo was administered to 85 inpatients within 48 hours of commencing antibiotics. Incidence of AAD, CDAD and mortality was recorded. AAD occurred in 36.36% cases in the probiotic group and 34.15% in the placebo group. Two patients developed CDAD during the study period, both of whom were in the placebo group (p=0.15). Nausea was the most common side effect. The percentage of patients that died during the 12‐week follow‐up period was 13.6% and 12.2% in the probiotic and placebo groups respectively. Multivariate analysis showed that proton pump inhibitor use was associated with AAD, CDAD and death. There was no evidence of a reduction in the incidence of AAD or CDAD in renal inpatients administered probiotic within 48 hours of commencing antibiotics. The study was underpowered due to a reduction in the background rate of CDAD and under‐recruitment during the study period this may have resulted in small differences in AAD between groups not being identified.
Vertical Cytomegalovirus Transmission From HIV-Infected Women Randomized to Formula-Feed or Breastfeed Their Infants$$$ Background. Cytomegalovirus (CMV) is associated with morbidity and mortality in human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)‐exposed infants. We assessed the effect of and relative contribution of breastfeeding to CMV acquisition among infants delivered by HIV‐infected mothers. Methods. Between 1993 and 1998 pregnant, HIV‐infected women in Nairobi, Kenya, were randomly assigned to breastfeed or formula‐feed their infants in an HIV transmission study. Women were allocated equally between treatment arms, and the study was not blinded. The primary endpoint of this nested study was time to infant CMV infection. Results. CMV infection was assessed in 138 breastfed and 134 formula‐fed infants. Baseline characteristics were similar between arms. Breastfed infants acquired CMV earlier than formula‐fed infants (median age of acquisition, 4.26 vs 9.87 months$$$ P <. 001) and had a higher 1‐year probability of CMV infection (0.89 vs 0.69$$$ P <. 001). Breastfeeding was associated with a 1.6‐fold increased risk of infant CMV acquisition independent of infant HIV status (multivariable hazard ratio, 1.61$$$ 95% confidence interval, 1.20‐2.16$$$ P =. 002). Approximately one third of CMV infections occurred during the peripartum period, with 40% acquired through breastfeeding and the remainder acquired through modes other than breast milk. Conclusions. Preventing CMV acquisition may be a priority for HIV‐exposed infants, but there is a narrow window of opportunity for intervention. Approaches that reduce maternal cervical and breast milk CMV reactivation may help delay infant infection.
One Egg per Day Improves Inflammation when Compared to an Oatmeal-Based Breakfast without Increasing Other Cardiometabolic Risk Factors in Diabetic Patients$$$ There is concern that egg intake may increase blood glucose in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). However, we have previously shown that eggs reduce inflammation in patients at risk for T2DM, including obese subjects and those with metabolic syndrome. Thus, we hypothesized that egg intake would not alter plasma glucose in T2DM patients when compared to oatmeal intake. Our primary endpoints for this clinical intervention were plasma glucose and the inflammatory markers tumor necrosis factor (TNF)‐α and interleukin 6 (IL‐6). As secondary endpoints, we evaluated additional parameters of glucose metabolism, dyslipidemias, oxidative stress and inflammation. Twenty‐nine subjects, 35‐65 years with glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) values <9% were recruited and randomly allocated to consume isocaloric breakfasts containing either one egg/day or 40 g of oatmeal with 472 mL of lactose‐free milk/day for five weeks. Following a three‐week washout period, subjects were assigned to the alternate breakfast. At the end of each period, we measured all primary and secondary endpoints. Subjects completed four‐day dietary recalls and one exercise questionnaire for each breakfast period. There were no significant differences in plasma glucose, our primary endpoint, plasma lipids, lipoprotein size or subfraction concentrations, insulin, HbA1c, apolipoprotein B, oxidized LDL or C‐reactive protein. However, after adjusting for gender, age and body mass index, aspartate amino‐transferase (AST) (p < 0.05) and tumor necrosis factor (TNF)‐α (p < 0.01), one of our primary endpoints were significantly reduced during the egg period. These results suggest that compared to an oatmeal‐based breakfast, eggs do not have any detrimental effects on lipoprotein or glucose metabolism in T2DM. In contrast, eggs reduce AST and TNF‐α in this population characterized by chronic low‐grade inflammation.
The effect of diet and feeding level on survival and weight gain of hand-raised harbor seal pups (Phoca vitulina)$$$ Hundreds of stranded harbor seals pups (Phoca vitulina) are brought to wildlife rescue centers every year. Typical hand‐rearing diets include artificial milk‐replacers and diets based on macerated fish fed via gavage, but weight gains are often low and mortality rates can be high. This study compared survival and weight gain of orphaned seal pups fed either artificial milk‐replacer or fish‐formula. Pups admitted to the facility in summer 2007 (n=145) and 2008 (n=98) were randomly assigned to one of two diets and fed by gavage until weaning. In 2007, pups fed milk‐replacer gained more (43+12g/d) than those fed fish‐formula (loss of 13+6g/d$$$ P<0.002). In 2008, when intake was increased from 8 to 11% of body weight daily, weight gain improved for both diets but remained higher in pups fed milk‐replacer (123+12g/d, vs. loss of 6+8g/day$$$ P<0.001). Pup survival to weaning was significantly higher in 2008 than 2007 (P<0.001) and was higher for pups on milk‐replacer compared with those on fish‐formula (P<0.05). Survival was also correlated with body weight at admittance (P<0.001). Although neither diet achieved the weight gains recorded in mother‐raised pups (400‐800g/d), the artificial milk‐replacer was clearly more successful, and pups fared better in the second year of the study when intake was higher. 2010 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
A protocol for a proof-of-concept randomized control trial testing increased protein quantity and quality in ready-to-use therapeutic food in improving linear growth among 6-23-month-old children with severe wasting in Malawi$$$ INTRODUCTION: Ready‐to‐use therapeutic foods (RUTFs) have successfully promoted recovery from severe wasting and increased treatment coverage. However, RUTFs do not sufficiently improve linear growth, leaving many survivors of severe wasting at risk of persistent stunting, which is associated with high mortality risk, poor child development and non‐communicable diseases in adulthood. High protein quantity and quality can stimulate linear growth. AIM: The trial aims to assess whether higher‐protein‐RUTF leads to higher concentrations of markers of linear growth compared to standard RUTF among 6‐23 months old children with severe wasting. METHODS: We designed a higher protein quantity and quality RUTF for a proof‐of‐concept (PoC) double‐blind randomized controlled trial. OUTCOMES: The primary outcome is a change in insulin‐like growth factor‐1 (IGF‐1), a hormone positively associated with linear growth after four weeks of treatment. Secondary outcomes include changes in ponderal and linear growth and in body composition from baseline to eight weeks later$$$ plasma amino acid profile at four weeks$$$ acceptability and safety. IMPLICATIONS: These findings will help in informing the potential impact of increased protein in RUTF on linear growth when treating severe wasting towards conducting a larger clinical trial. TRIAL REGISTRATION: The trial has been registered on clinicaltrial.gov (NCT05737472).
The effect of pumpkin and probiotic yogurt consumption separately or/and simultaneously on type II diabetes$$$ Background: Type II diabetes is one of the carbohydrate disorders that is one of the most common types of chronic diseases in many countries of the world including Iran. Recently, pumpkin consumption is recognized as one of the herbs in treatment of the diabetes. In addition, consumption of fermented dairy products and probiotics have beneficial effects on people with type II diabetes. The aim of this study was investigation the effect of pumpkin and probiotic yogurt consumption separately or/and simultaneously on type II diabetes.Methods: This was a parallel randomized clinical trial study. 80 eligible participants randomly were divided to 4 groups: 1‐ green pumpkin (100 g)$$$ 2‐ probiotic yoghurt (150 g)$$$ 3‐ pumpkin and probiotic yoghurt (100 g pumpkin plus 150 g yoghurt)$$$ and 4‐ control (dietary advice). Pumpkin and probiotic yoghurt were consumed at lunch time.Findings: Total cholesterol levels decreased in all intervention groups$$$ however these changes in probiotic yogurt and probiotic yogurt + pumpkin groups were significant. In all interventional groups, the level of triglyceride decreased and the level of high‐density lipoprotein (HDL) increased$$$ the changes were significant in yogurt + pumpkin group. Probiotic yogurt consumption separately or simultaneously with pumpkin decreased the level of low‐density lipoprotein (LDL). All interventional treatments led to significantly decreased fasting blood sugar (FBS), glycated hemoglobin (HbA1C) and high sensitivity c‐reactive protein (hsCRP). Systolic and diastolic blood pressures (SBP and DBP) decreased significantly in pumpkin and probiotic yogurt groups.Conclusion: According to present study, pumpkin consumption separately or simultaneously with probiotic yogurt have beneficial effects on lipid profiles, FBS, HbA1C and hsCRP.
Limited lipid-lowering effects of regular consumption of whole soybean foods$$$ AIM: To examine cardiovascular health benefits of foods containing a whole soybean extract. METHODS: The study design was a randomized, placebo‐controlled crossover trial of consuming soy‐based milk and yoghurt (treatment) or equivalent dairy products (control) for 5 weeks each. Twenty‐six mildly hypercholesterolaemic and/or hypertensive volunteers were recruited from the community as study volunteers, of which 23 completed. Main outcome measures included clinic and ambulatory blood pressure, arterial compliance, lipids, fatty acids and isoflavones in fasted blood and 24‐hour urinary isoflavone excretion. Nutrient intakes were assessed initially and after each 5‐week period. Multiple regression analyses were used to determine predictor variables in statistical models$$$ order effects were tested by repeated measures ANOVA. Changes in Lp(a) were determined by Wilcoxon signed ranks tests$$$ other differences between treatment and control were assessed by t tests. RESULTS: Plasma and urinary isoflavones were markedly increased by whole soy supplementation but there were no overall differences in plasma lipids, blood pressure or arterial compliance between the soy and dairy diets. However, in 8 equol‐positive subjects (equol detected in either plasma or urine), retrospective analysis revealed significant reductions in total cholesterol (8.5%), LDL cholesterol (10%), LDL:HDL ratio (13.5%), plasma triglycerides (21%) and lipoprotein(a) (11%) with the soy diet. These reductions were independent of changes in polyunsaturated fat and other macronutrient intakes. CONCLUSIONS: Regular consumption of whole soybean milk and yogurt products had no effect on plasma lipids, blood pressure or arterial compliance in at‐risk subjects, despite substantially increasing isoflavone levels in blood and urine. Retrospective analysis suggests that improvement of plasma lipids may have been limited to equol‐positive subjects.
Veal calves produce less antibodies against C. Perfringens alpha toxin compared to beef calves$$$ Enterotoxaemia is a disease with a high associated mortality rate, affecting beef and veal calves worldwide, caused by C. perfringens alpha toxin and perfringolysin. A longitudinal study was conducted to determine the dynamics of antibodies against these toxins in 528 calves on 4 beef and 15 veal farms. The second study aimed to determine the effect of solid feed intake on the production of antibodies against alpha toxin and perfringolysin. The control group only received milk replacer, whereas in the test group solid feed was provided. Maternal antibodies for alpha toxin were present in 45% of the veal calves and 66% of the beef calves. In beef calves a fluent transition from maternal to active immunity was observed for alpha toxin, whereas almost no veal calves developed active immunity. Perfringolysin antibodies significantly declined both in veal and beef calves. In the second study all calves were seropositive for alpha toxin throughout the experiment and solid feed intake did not alter the dynamics of alpha and perfringolysin antibodies. In conclusion, the present study showed that veal calves on a traditional milk replacer diet had significantly lower alpha toxin antibodies compared to beef calves in the risk period for enterotoxaemia, whereas no differences were noticed for perfringolysin.
Effect of probiotics on the incidence of necrotizing enterocolitis in preterm$$$ INTERVENTION: Pharmacy will dispense TS6 probiotics 3 x 10^9 CFU in opaque sachet. Formula or breast milk will be injected into the sachet through the small opening and will be mixed with probiotics. The content will be fed once daily until postmenstrual age 34 weeks., Pharmacy will dispense an empty opaque sachet. Formula or breast milk will be injected into the sachet through the small opening. The content will be fed once daily until postmenstrual age 34 weeks. CONDITION: Necrotizing enterocolitis Preterm neonates Neonatal sepsis $$$ Probiotics$$$ Necrotizing enterocolitis$$$ Preterm$$$ Neonatal sepsis Probiotics$$$ Necrotizing enterocolitis$$$ Preterm$$$ Neonatal sepsis PRIMARY OUTCOME: NEC stage 2 or above [Timeframe From enrollment to hospital discharge Clinical diagnosis, abdominal Xray] SECONDARY OUTCOME: Hospital mortality rate [Timeframe ‐ ‐] Incidence of infection due to probiotic strain [Timeframe From enrollment to hospital discharge Clinical diagnosis and culture results] Incidence of neonatal sepsis [Timeframe Within 30 days and 60 days after enrollment or until hospital discharge Clinical diagnosis and blood culture] Time to full enteral feeding [Timeframe ‐ Number of days from enrollment to full enteral feeding (at least 120 ml/kg/day)] INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ Preterm neonates with postmenstrual age less than or equal 33 wk and birth weight less than or equal 1500 g ‐ Admitted to NICU or intermediate care ward ‐ Able to tolerate feeding at least 1 ml/feed every 3 hours for 8 feeds ‐ Has not received antibiotic for at least 24 hr before enrollment ‐ Parental consent ‐ Physician agrees for the patient to enroll
effect of Early versus late oral feeding in term babies with severe birth asphyxia on feed tolerance and time taken to reach full feeds$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: effect of early vs late enteral feeding of expressed breast milk on time taken to reach full enteral feeds in term neonates with severe birth asphyxia : effect of early (more than 12 & less than 24 hours) vs late (more than or equal to 24 hours)enteral feeding of expressed breast milk every two hourly according to total fluid rate based on weight and day of life on time taken to reach full enteral feeds and feed intolerance in term neonates with severe birth asphyxia Control Intervention1: nil: not applicable CONDITION: Health Condition 1: ‐ Health Condition 2: K909‐ Intestinal malabsorption, unspecified PRIMARY OUTCOME: effect of early versus late enteral feeds on time taken to reach full feeds & episodes of feed intolerance in term neonates with severe birth asphyxiaTimepoint: 1 year SECONDARY OUTCOME: effect of early versus late enteral feeding on duration of hospital stay, duration of IV fluids, sepsis, mortality, Necrotizing enterocolitisTimepoint: 1 year INCLUSION CRITERIA: inborn term neonates with gestational age more than or equal to 37 weeks to 41+6 weeks with perinatal asphyxia
The effect of synbiotic on serum indoxyl sulfate in maintenance hemodialysis patients$$$ Background: Indoxyl sulfate (IS) is a major uraemic toxin contributing to major cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. The aim of our study was to evaluate whether synbiotic (pre‐and probiotic) therapy alters the gut microbiota and reduces serum concentrations of IS in hemodialysis patients. Methodology: 80 ESRD patients undergoing regular hemodialysis recruited (between January 2017 and March 2017) to a randomized, single‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial of synbiotic therapy over 6 weeks. The primary outcome was serum IS. Secondary outcomes included serum Creatinine, Blood Urea Nitrogen (BUN), Sodium, Potassium, Calcium, Phoshorus and C‐reactive protein (CRP). Synbiotic (prebiotic 15 gm lactulose/day)1 (the probiot‐ics include 5 bacterial strains$$$ Lactobacillus rhamnosus, Lactoba‐cillus acidophilus, Lactobacillus casai, Bifidobacterium brevis, Bifidobacterium longum in a dose of 10 billion CFU/10 gm prepared by Dairy and Food Microbiology Department of National Research Center). Result: Synbiotic therapy significantly reduced serum IS (13.5569.31 in intervention group Vs 3.18614.56 in the control group, P <0.001). Synbiotic therapy significantly reduced the levels of Creatinine, BUN, Phosphorus (P <0.001) and CRP (P 0.011). Conclusion: In hemodialysis patient, synbiotics significantly reduced serum IS, besides a marked reduction in serum Phosphorus and CRP without recorded adverse effects.
Effect of probiotics on serum indoxyl sulphate in hemodialysis patients$$$ Background: Indoxyl sulfate (IS) is a major uraemic toxin contributing to major cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. The aim of our study was to evaluate weather probiotic therapy alters the gut microbiota and reduces serum concentrations of IS in hemodialysis patients. Methodology: 92 ESRD patients on regular HD from January 2017 to March 2017 was recruited to ran‐domized, single‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial of probiotic therapy over 6 weeks. The primary outcome was serum Indoxyl Sulfate (IS). Secondary outcomes included serum Creatinine, Blood Urea Nitrogen (BUN), Sodium, Potassium, Calcium, Phos‐horus and C‐reactive protein (CRP). The probiotics include 5 bacterial strains$$$ Lactobacillus rhamnosus, Lactobacillus aci‐dophilus, Lactobacillus casai, Bifidobacterium brevis, Bifidobac‐terium longum in a dose of 10 billion CFU/10 gm for each strain prepared by Dairy and Food Microbiology Department of National Research Center). Results show reduction of IS (14 6 22.71 lg/mL vs 3.66 14.33 lg/mL, P value 0.02) in intervention group vs control group respectively, probiotic therapy also significantly reduced the levels of Phosphorus (P values <0.001) and CRP (P <0.001) and lipid profile (cholesterol, Triglyceride, LDL with P50.008, 0.004,0.02 respectively). Conclusion: In Hemodialysis patient, probiotic significantly reduced serum IS, besides a marked reduction in serum Phosphorus, CRP, and lipid profile without recorded adverse effects.
Reduction of mother-child transmission of HIV infection in Africa: from clinical research to public health programs$$$ More and more African women are infected by HIV. As a result the mother‐to‐child transmission (MCT) rate is rising. Various prevention techniques have been assessed in randomized clinical trials in Africa but results need to be discussed to understand the full implications for prevention programs. To gain insight into this issue, we reviewed 11 randomized trials conducted in Africa and several other studies from developed countries. Trials using antiretroviral (ARV) drugs demonstrated good results for prevention of MCT in the first six months of life using abbreviated regimens involving either zidovudine (with or without lamivudine) or nevirapine alone. Preliminary results suggest long‐term effectiveness of zidovudine. Antiseptic and nutritional interventions have demonstrated some efficacy in reducing maternal and newborn morbidity and mortality but have no effect on MCT rate. Confidential, voluntary HIV screening and counseling of pregnant women and short‐course ARV treatment during the perinatal period associated with alternatives to breast‐feeding such as early weaning or replacement of breast milk at birth are now the best methods to reduce MCT. Prevention of postnatal transmission will require further study in particular with regard to effects of different methods of feeding and post‐exposure prophylaxis using ARV drugs in newborns. Management of HIV‐infected children must remain a high priority. Implementation of currently available strategies is now under discussion.
Comparing Home made vs commercially packed (ready to use) feed in the patients with Acute pancreatitis$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: home based blenderized feed: Weight‐based equation will be used to determine energy requirement (25‐30 Kcal/kg/d) and protein requirement (1.2‐2 g/kg/d). Home based feed Enteral feed is either milk based or curd based with added nutrients decided on individual bases depending upon illness of patient. Control Intervention1: Commercial feed: Commercial polymeric feed will be used as comparator agent.Weight‐based equation will be used to determine energy requirement (25‐30 Kcal/kg/d) and protein requirement (1.2‐2 g/kg/d). CONDITION: Severe and Moderately severe Acute pancreatitis PRIMARY OUTCOME: Home based blenderized formulations is not inferior to commercial formulas in reducing clinical symptoms like refeeding pain, length of hospital and ICU stay, morbidity, mortality, infectious complications and improves quality of life. $$$ â?? $$$ ‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: All biochemical markers, NUTRIC score and quality of life will be assessed at baseline, 7th day and 14 day of initiation of feed. Pain score, tolerability and infectious complications will be recorded daily. $$$ â?? $$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: NIL‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: NIL INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients with moderately severe and severe acute pancreatitis of 1.any etiology 2.within 7 days after the onset of pain, admitted in gastroenterology wards.
Comparison of earlier and late onset kangaroo mother care in inmproving the breastfeeding$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Early Kangaroo mother care: Initiating Kangaroo mother care in preterm neonates before complete stabilisation continued till baby weight more than 2kg or till 1 month post‐discharge. Control Intervention1: Conventional Kangaroo mother care: Kangaroo mother care started after complete stabilisationof the preterm neonates after they are off IV fluids or respiratory support of any sort ‐ usually started after D 7 of life of the baby continued till baby weight more than 2kg or till 1 month post‐discharge. CONDITION: Low birth weight neonates (1000 ‐ 1800gram) born preterm, who were on minimal respiratory support and hemodynamically stable ‐ for benefits of early Kangaroo mother care. PRIMARY OUTCOME: ‐ Full (Exclusive and almost exclusive) breast milk feeding at discharge $$$ ‐ Exclusive direct breast feeding at discharge $$$ ‐ Weight gain in last 7 days predischarge $$$ ‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: At the time of discharge of the baby from hospital SECONDARY OUTCOME: ‐ Mortality and culture positive sepsis rate during hospital stay. $$$ ‐ Exclusive breast feeding rate and weight gain at 1 month post discharge. $$$ ‐ Length of hospital stay $$$ ‐ Adverse events during KMC â?? hypothermia and apnea during hospital stay while doing KMC. $$$ ‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: At enrollment, discharge and 1 month post discharge INCLUSION CRITERIA: ï?? All neonates admitted in NICU and NNN with a birth weight between 1000 grams to 1800 grams.
A clinical study comparing early feeding with late feeding initiation in premature newborn babies with abnormal ultrasound Doppler blood flow in the umbilical arteries$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Early feeding: Early feeding was defined as initiation of expressed breast milk (EBM) feeding within 12 to 48 hours after birth Control Intervention1: Late feeding: Late feeding was defined as initiation of feeds by 120 to 144 hours age or later. Minimal enteral nutrition (MEN) with EBM was given in all cases and continued for 48 to 72 hours. CONDITION: Preterm intrauterine growth restricted neonates below 33 weeks period of gestation with absent or reversed end diastolic flow on umbilical artery Doppler flow studies done antenatally PRIMARY OUTCOME: Incidence of necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) in neonates fed early versus late.‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: From admission to discharge from the neonatal intensive acre unit (NICU) SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary outcomes were incidence of FI, time to achieve adequate enteral intake allowing discontinuation of PN, time to attainment of full feeds, time to regain birth weight, incidence of LOS, duration of hospital stay and all‐cause mortality.‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: From admission to discharge from the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) INCLUSION CRITERIA: Intramural preterm IUGR neonates below 33 weeks with AREDF on UA Doppler and admitted to the NICU
Full feeding versus traditional increment feeding in small newborn babies$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Full enteral feeds (FEF): The intervention group will recieve full enteral feeding as per the babies fluid requirement for the day, on day 1 as 80 ml/kg/day, increased by 20 ml/kg/day till they reach full feeds @ 150ml/kg/day. We will prefer to start with expressed breast milk. If short supply then preterm formula will be used for all neonates. Route of feeding will be as per the gestation of the baby. If not accepting cup feeds, orogastric tube feeds will be given. Control Intervention1: Conventional increment feeds: The control group will receive conventional incremental feeds that means feeds will be started @ 30 ml/kg/day, rest of the fluid requirement will be met by intravenous fluids. Daily feed increment will be by 30‐40 ml/kg/day. CONDITION: Health Condition 1: P073‐ Preterm [premature] newborn [other] PRIMARY OUTCOME: time to reach full feeds(150/ml/kg/day for 48 hours) $$$ time to regain birth weightTimepoint: by 1 week (48 hours of full feeds) SECONDARY OUTCOME: Bronchopulmonary DysplasiaTimepoint: 4weeks duration of hospital stayTimepoint: 4weeks feed intolerance $$$ $$$ Timepoint: 1 week Intraventricular hemorrhageTimepoint: 4weeks MortalityTimepoint: 4 weeks necrotising enterocolitisTimepoint: 4weeks Retinopathy of prematurityTimepoint: 4weeks $$$ sepsis: both culture negative and culture positiveTimepoint: 4weeks INCLUSION CRITERIA: birth weight between 1000‐1250 grams all inborn neonates started on feeds within 48 hours of life
The effectiveness of antenatal education of Pakistani and Indian women living in this country$$$ Eighty‐two Asian women (mostly Muslims) living in East London were prospectively studied through their pregnancy and delivery. Their infants were assessed during the second year of life for growth, nutrition, morbidity, development and vaccination history. There was no increase in perinatal or infant mortality over the general population in the same borough, though there was increased infant morbidity, most commonly iron deficiency (in 25%), and one child with subclinical rickets. One child had a genetic neurodegenerative disorder. The incidence of low birth weight babies was only slightly greater than that of the district as a whole, but after 1 year of age they were less well grown than the population studied by Tanner & Whitehouse. Sixty‐four per cent of the women started to breast feed, but many also gave artificial milk and they usually ceased to breast feed earlier than most women in the same district. When half of the women were randomly allocated to receive specialized education, with the others acting as controls, very few attended and little benefit was detected. Though the significance is doubtful, the infants of those educated did tend to be better grown (especially in length), be less likely to have development well below average, have reduced morbidity and have more complete immunization schedules than those of the women not receiving education. This study shows no benefit due to antenatal education, but suggests that the children have advantages when their mothers have the drive to attend the education sessions.
Dietary Intake of trans Fatty Acids in the Slovenian Population$$$ Consumption of trans fatty acids (TFAs) has been unequivocally linked to several adverse health effects, with the increased risk of cardiovascular disease being one of the most well understood. To reduce TFA‐related morbidity and mortality, several countries have imposed voluntary or mandatory measures to minimize the content of industrial TFAs (iTFAs) in the food supply. In 2018, Slovenia introduced a ban on iTFAs on top of preceding voluntary calls to industry to reduce its use of partially hydrogenated oils (PHOs) as the main source of iTFAs. To investigate the consumption of TFAs, data available from the nationally representative dietary survey SI.Menu were analyzed. The survey consisted of two 24‐h non‐consecutive day recalls from 1248 study participants from three age groups (10‐17, 18‐64, 65‐74 years old), combined with socio‐demographic, socio‐economic, and lifestyle parameters. The analyses demonstrated that, on average, TFAs accounted for 0.38‐0.50% of total energy intake (TEI). However, 13% of adolescents, 29.4% of adults, and 41.8% of the elderly population still consumed more than 0.50% TEI with TFAs. The main sources of TFAs in the diet were naturally present TFAs from butter, meat dishes, and meat products, regardless of the age group. Results indicate that following the reformulation activities, the major sources of TFAs in the diets of the Slovenian population now represent foods which are natural sources of TFAs.
Effect of probiotic fermented milk (kefir) on glycemic control and lipid profile in type 2 diabetic patients: a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Diabetes is a global health problem in the world. Probiotic food has anti‐diabetic property. The aim of this trial was to determine the effect of probiotic fermented milk (kefir) on glucose and lipid profile control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. METHODS: This randomized double‐blind placebo‐controlled clinical trial was conducted on 60 diabetic patients aged 35 to 65 years.Patients were randomly and equally (n=30) assigned to consume either probiotic fermented milk (kefir) or conventional fermented milk (dough) for 8 weeks. Probiotic group consumed 600 ml/day probiotic fermented milk containing Lactobacillus casei, Lactobacillus acidophilus and Bifidobacteria and control group consumed 600 ml/day conventional fermented milk.Blood samples tested for fasting blood glucose, HbA1C, triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol, HDL‐C and LDL‐C at the baseline and end of the study. RESULTS: The comparison of fasting blood glucose between two groups after intervention was statistically significant (P=0.01). After intervention, reduced HbA1C compared with the baseline value in probiotic fermented milk group was statistically significant (P=0.001), also the HbA1C level significantly decreased in probiotic group in comparison with control group (P=0.02) adjusting for serum levels of glucose, baseline values of HbA1c and energy intake according to ANCOVA model. Serum triglyceride, total cholesterol, LDL‐cholesterol and HDL‐ cholesterol levels were not shown significant differences between and within the groups after intervention. CONCLUSION: Probiotic fermented milk can be useful as a complementary or adjuvant therapy in the treatment of diabetes.
Consumption of a fermented dairy product containing the probiotic Lactobacillus casei DN-114001 reduces the duration of respiratory infections in the elderly in a randomised controlled trial$$$ Common infectious diseases (CID) of the airways and the gastrointestinal tract are still a considerable cause of morbidity and mortality in elderly. The present study examined the beneficial effect of a dairy product containing the probiotic strain Lactobacillus casei DN‐114 001 (fermented product) on the resistance of free‐living elderly to CID. The study was multicentric, double blind and controlled, involving 1072 volunteers (median age = 76.0 years) randomised for consumption of either 200 g/d of fermented (n 537) or control (non‐fermented) dairy product (n 535) for 3 months, followed by an additional 1 month's follow‐up. The results showed that, when considering all CID, the fermented product significantly reduced the average duration per episode of CID (6.5 v. 8 d in control group$$$ P = 0.008) and the cumulative duration of CID (7 v. 8 d in control group$$$ P = 0.009). Reduction in both episode and cumulative durations was also significant for all upper respiratory tract infections (URTI$$$ P < 0.001) and for rhinopharyngitis (P < 0.001). This was accompanied with an increase of L. casei species in stools throughout the fermented product consumption (2‐3.8 x 107 equivalents of colony‐forming unit/g of stools, P < 0.001). The cumulative number of CID (primary outcome) was not different between groups nor was the CID severity, fever, pathogens' occurrence, medication, immune blood parameters and quality of life. The fermented product was safe and well tolerated. In conclusion, consumption of a fermented dairy product containing the probiotic strain L. casei DN‐114 001 in elderly was associated with a decreased duration of CID in comparison with the control group, especially for URTI such as rhinopharyngitis.
Limited lipid-lowering effects of regular consumption of whole soybean foods$$$ AIM: To examine cardiovascular health benefits of foods containing a whole soybean extract. METHODS: The study design was a randomized, placebo‐controlled crossover trial of consuming soy‐based milk and yoghurt (treatment) or equivalent dairy products (control) for 5 weeks each. Twenty‐six mildly hypercholesterolaemic and/or hypertensive volunteers were recruited from the community as study volunteers, of which 23 completed. Main outcome measures included clinic and ambulatory blood pressure, arterial compliance, lipids, fatty acids and isoflavones in fasted blood and 24‐hour urinary isoflavone excretion. Nutrient intakes were assessed initially and after each 5‐week period. Multiple regression analyses were used to determine predictor variables in statistical models$$$ order effects were tested by repeated measures ANOVA. Changes in Lp(a) were determined by Wilcoxon signed ranks tests$$$ other differences between treatment and control were assessed by t tests. RESULTS: Plasma and urinary isoflavones were markedly increased by whole soy supplementation but there were no overall differences in plasma lipids, blood pressure or arterial compliance between the soy and dairy diets. However, in 8 equol‐positive subjects (equol detected in either plasma or urine), retrospective analysis revealed significant reductions in total cholesterol (8.5%), LDL cholesterol (10%), LDL:HDL ratio (13.5%), plasma triglycerides (21%) and lipoprotein(a) (11%) with the soy diet. These reductions were independent of changes in polyunsaturated fat and other macronutrient intakes. CONCLUSIONS: Regular consumption of whole soybean milk and yogurt products had no effect on plasma lipids, blood pressure or arterial compliance in at‐risk subjects, despite substantially increasing isoflavone levels in blood and urine. Retrospective analysis suggests that improvement of plasma lipids may have been limited to equol‐positive subjects.
Probiotic Yogurt for the Prevention of Antibiotic-associated Diarrhea in Adults: a Randomized Double-blind Placebo-controlled Trial$$$ GOAL: To evaluate the effect of yogurt supplemented with probiotic bacteria on the prevention of antibiotic‐associated diarrhea (AAD) in hospitalized patients. BACKGROUND: Diarrhea following antibiotic administration is a frequent clinical problem. The usefulness of probiotics for the prevention of AAD in the hospitalized adult population remains unclear. STUDY: A randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled clinical trial was conducted in hospitalized patients who started antibiotic treatment. Patients were randomized (2:2:1) to receive a daily amount of 200 mL of placebo‐yogurt (Streptococcus thermophilus and Lactobacillus delbrueckii subsp. bulgaricus), 200 mL of probiotic yogurt (previous plus Lactobacillus acidophilus La‐5, Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis Bb‐12 and Lactobacillus casei subsp. casei Lc‐01 or no yogurt (unblinded control) within 48 hours of beginning the antibiotic therapy and up to 5 days after stopping the antibiotic. Patients were followed up with for 1 month to determine occurrence of diarrhea. RESULTS: We included 314 patients, mean age 76 years. The rate of diarrhea was 23.0% in the probiotic group versus 17.6% in the placebo group, absolute risk reduction ‐5.35% (95% confidence interval, ‐15.4% to 4.7%$$$ P=0.30). Rate of diarrhea was similar in the unblinded external control and in the blinded study groups combined (20.9% vs. 20.2% respectively$$$ P=0.91). There was no difference in the duration of diarrhea, maximum number of bowel movements or prolonged admission because of diarrhea among the groups. All‐cause mortality did not differ between groups. CONCLUSIONS: The combined probiotic strains LA‐5, BB‐12, and LC‐01 do not have an effect in the prevention of AAD in hospitalized patients.
The "Yogurt" Technique for Descemet Membrane Endothelial Keratoplasty Graft Preparation: a Novel Quick and Safe Method for Both Inexperienced and Senior Surgeons$$$ PURPOSE: To describe and evaluate the efficacy and safety of a novel technique to prepare Descemet membrane endothelial keratoplasty (DMEK) donor grafts using a newly designed partial‐thickness hinge punch. METHODS: The novel punch has a circular guarded blade missing 1 clock hour, creating an uncut hinge on the donor cornea. In addition, 2 straight cuts are made by the punch perpendicular to the edge of trephination toward the trabecular meshwork in the hinge area. After the donor corneoscleral rim is positioned endothelial side up, a partial‐thickness trephination is performed avoiding any rotational movements. Descemet membrane is lifted from Schwalbe line in the hinge area, and DMEK graft is peeled after desired marking without further preparation. RESULTS: Three surgeons of different experience levels on DMEK (senior/independent/fellow) initially applied the new technique in 18 research corneas, divided into equal groups. Two failures in graft preparation were noted, defined as radial tears extending ≥0.5 mm. The mean preparation time was 6.21 ± 1.45 minutes. No statistically significant differences were noted in success rate, duration, and endothelial cell loss (ECL) between surgeons (P > 0.05). ECL was evaluated as an average of 5 readings on randomly selected graft areas, not including graft periphery. Fifteen additional research corneas were stripped by 1 single user in an eye bank setting. No tissue loss was recorded, whereas ECL and mortality rate remained unaffected after preparation (P = 0.64 and P = 0.72, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: This new DMEK graft preparation technique, simulating the opening of a yogurt cup, seems to be a safe and an efficient method, providing shorter preparation time and low failure rates independent of surgeon's experience level.
Lactobacillus acidophilus yogurt and supplement in children with acute diarrhea: a clinical trial$$$ Acute gastroenteritis is a major cause of children morbidity and mortality worldwide. Probiotics like Lactobacillus Acidophilus (L. acidophilus) may be beneficial in treatment of acute diarrhea. This study aimed at comparing the effects of yogurt fermented by L.acidophilus (L.acidophilus yogurt), L.acidophilus supplement, conventional yogurt and placebo added to routine fluid therapy in children with acute non‐bloody diarrhea. In a randomized clinical trial, 160 children with acute diarrhea admitted in Tabriz Children Hospital were assessed in a clinical trial. They were randomized in 4 groups: Group A received 300 g day‐1 of yogurt fermented by lactobacillus acidophilus, group B received 2 capsules/day of lactobacillus acidophilus supplement, group C received 300 g day‐1 of conventional yogurt and group D received placebo material (control group). The standard fluid therapy was administered in all patients. Age, sex, duration of diarrhea before admission, weigh on admission and discharge and its change, frequency of stool passing on days 1, 2 and 3 post‐admission and their changes, type of diarrhea, signs and symptoms on admission and day 3 and duration of hospital stay were determined in each patient. One hundred (62.5%) males and 60 (37.5%) females, with the mean age of 18,36±6.47 (12‐48) months enrolled in the study. Four groups were matched considering the baseline characteristics. The mean frequency of stool passing on day 3 post‐admission and the mean amount of decrement in stool passing frequency 72 h after hospitalization were significantly higher and lower in group A, respectively (p = 0.015 and 0.029, respectively). Dehydration rate on day 3 was significantly lower in groups A and B (p<0.001). The mean duration of hospital stay was significantly shorter in group B (p=0.037). L.acidophilus yogurt and L.acidophilus supplement would diminish the seventy of acute non‐bloody diarrhea in children. © Medwell Journals, 2008.
Differential effects of dairy snacks on appetite, but not overall energy intake$$$ Dietary regulation of appetite may contribute to the prevention and management of excess body weight. The present study examined the effect of consumption of individual dairy products as snacks on appetite and subsequent ad libitum lunch energy intake. In a randomised cross‐over trial, forty overweight men (age 32 (sd 9) years$$$ BMI 27 (sd 2) kg/m2) attended four sessions 1 week apart and received three isoenergetic (841 kJ) and isovolumetric (410 ml) servings of dairy snacks or water (control) 120 min after breakfast. Appetite profile was determined throughout the morning and ad libitum energy intake was assessed 90 min after the intake of snacks. Concentrations of amino acids, glucose, insulin, ghrelin and peptide tyrosine tyrosine were measured at baseline (0 min) and 80 min after the intake of snacks. Although the results showed that yogurt had the greatest suppressive effect on appetite, this could be confounded by the poor sensory ratings of yogurt. Hunger rating was 8, 10 and 24 % (P < 0·001) lower after the intake of yogurt than cheese, milk and water, respectively. Energy intake was 11, 9 and 12 % (P < 0·02) lower after the intake of yogurt, cheese and milk, respectively, compared with water (4312 (se 226) kJ). Although there was no difference in the postprandial responses of hormones, alanine and isoleucine concentrations were higher after the intake of yogurt than cheese and milk (P < 0·05). In conclusion, all dairy snacks reduced appetite and lunch intake compared with water. Yogurt had the greatest effect on suppressing subjective appetite ratings, but did not affect subsequent food intake compared with milk or cheese.
Role of single serving form of dairy on satiety and postprandial glycaemia in young and older healthy adults$$$ Dairy proteins reduce appetite and improve postprandial glycaemic response in adults. However, there are no reports of dairy in amounts usually consumed on satiety and postprandial glycaemia in either young or older adults. In a randomized crossover design, 30 healthy young adults (age: 23.5 ± 0.5 years$$$ body mass index (BMI): 21.8 ± 0.4 kg/m2) and 30 healthy/overweight older adults (age: 65.2 ± 0.5 years$$$ BMI: 24.7 ± 0.6 kg/m2) consumed 1 serving (according to manufacturers' labels) of skim milk (0.1% milk fat (MF)), whole milk (3.25% MF), plain Greek yogurt (2% MF), cheddar cheese (31% MF), and water (energy‐free control) after a 12‐h fast. Subjective appetite was measured every 15‐30 min over 3 h. Blood glucose and insulin were measured at baseline and every 15‐30 min over 2 h. All dairy treatments reduced post‐treatment subjective appetite area under the curve (AUC) over 3 h by 8%‐17% more than water. Greek yogurt reduced appetite 3‐h AUC more than skim and whole milk by 9% and 7%, respectively (p < 0.0001). Post‐treatment blood glucose 2‐h AUC was 42% lower in young compared with older adults (p = 0.003). It was also 52%‐78% lower after cheese compared with milks and yogurt (p < 0.0001). Post‐treatment insulin AUC after cheese was only 10%‐15% of that after milks and Greek yogurt (p < 0.0001). We conclude that single servings of dairy differ in effect on postprandial satiety and glycaemia and merit consideration in management of metabolic syndrome.
The impact of diets rich in low-fat or full-fat dairy on glucose tolerance and its determinants: a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Dairy foods, particularly yogurt, and plasma biomarkers of dairy fat intake are consistently inversely associated with incident type 2 diabetes. Yet, few trials assessing the impact of dairy on glucose homeostasis include fermented or full‐fat dairy foods. OBJECTIVES: We aimed to compare the effects of diets rich in low‐fat or full‐fat milk, yogurt, and cheese on glucose tolerance and its determinants, with those of a limited dairy diet. METHODS: In this parallel‐design randomized controlled trial, 72 participants with metabolic syndrome completed a 4‐wk wash‐in period, limiting dairy intake to ≤3 servings/wk of nonfat milk. Participants were then randomly assigned to either continue the limited dairy diet, or switch to a diet containing 3.3 servings/d of either low‐fat or full‐fat dairy for 12 wk. Outcome measures included glucose tolerance (area under the curve glucose during an oral‐glucose‐tolerance test), insulin sensitivity, pancreatic β‐cell function, systemic inflammation, liver‐fat content, and body weight and composition. RESULTS: In the per‐protocol analysis (n = 67), we observed no intervention effect on glucose tolerance (P = 0.340). Both the low‐fat and full‐fat dairy diets decreased the Matsuda insulin sensitivity index (ISI) (means ± SDs ‐0.47 ± 1.07 and ‐0.25 ± 0.91, respectively) and as compared with the limited dairy group (0.00 ± 0.92) (P = 0.012 overall). Body weight also changed differentially (P = 0.006 overall), increasing on full‐fat dairy (+1.0 kg$$$ ‐0.2, 1.8 kg) compared with the limited dairy diet (‐0.4 kg$$$ ‐2.5, 0.7 kg), whereas the low‐fat dairy diet (+0.3 kg$$$ ‐1.1, 1.9 kg) was not significantly different from the other interventions. Intervention effects on the Matsuda ISI remained after adjusting for changes in adiposity. No intervention effects were detected for liver fat content or systemic inflammation. Findings in intent‐to‐treat analyses (n = 72) were consistent. CONCLUSIONS: Contrary to our hypothesis, neither dairy diet improved glucose tolerance in individuals with metabolic syndrome. Both dairy diets decreased insulin sensitivity through mechanisms largely unrelated to changes in key determinants of insulin sensitivity.This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02663544.
Consumption of dairy products and CVD risk: results from the French prospective cohort NutriNet-Santé$$$ In France, dairy products contribute to dietary saturated fat intake, of which reduced consumption is often recommended for CVD prevention. Epidemiological evidence on the association between dairy consumption and CVD risk remains unclear, suggesting either null or inverse associations. This study aimed to investigate the associations between dairy consumption (overall and specific foods) and CVD risk in a large cohort of French adults. This prospective analysis included participants aged ≥18 years from the NutriNet‐Santé cohort (2009‐2019). Daily dietary intakes were collected using 24‐h dietary records. Total dairy, milk, cheese, yogurts, fermented and reduced‐fat dairy intakes were investigated. CVD cases (n 1952) included cerebrovascular disease (n 878 cases) and CHD (n 1219 cases). Multivariable Cox models were performed to investigate associations. This analysis included 104 805 French adults (mean age at baseline 42·8 (sd 14·6) years, mean follow‐up 5·5 (sd 3·0) years, i.e. 579 155 person‐years). There were no significant associations between dairy intakes and total CVD or CHD risks. However, the consumption of at least 160 g/d of fermented dairy (e.g. cheese and yogurts) was associated with a reduced risk of cerebrovascular diseases compared with intakes below 57 g/d (hazard ratio = 0·81 (95 % CI 0·66, 0·98), Ptrend = 0·01). Despite being a major dietary source of saturated fats, dairy consumption was not associated with CVD or CHD risks in this study. However, fermented dairy was associated with a lower cerebrovascular disease risk. Robust randomised controlled trials are needed to further assess the impact of consuming different dairy foods on CVD risk and potential underlying mechanisms.
Randomized clinical trial to assess the effect of antibiotic therapy on health and growth of preweaned dairy calves diagnosed with respiratory disease using respiratory scoring and lung ultrasound$$$ The primary objective of this randomized field study was to assess the effect of antibiotic therapy on health and growth of preweaned dairy calves diagnosed with naturally occurring respiratory disease, using respiratory scoring and portable lung ultrasound. A secondary objective was to determine whether treatment response depended on clinical presentation at the time of diagnosis. Holstein calves (n = 357) were enrolled at 3 to 6 d of age and followed until 52 d on 2 commercial dairies. Calves were examined twice weekly by blinded members of the research team. Clinical respiratory and ultrasonographic lung scores were assigned at each exam and used to classify the first detected respiratory disease event (BRD1) into upper respiratory tract disease (clinical, no significant consolidation)$$$ subclinical lobular pneumonia (not clinical, patchy consolidation ≥1 cm2)$$$ clinical lobular pneumonia (clinical, patchy consolidation ≥1 cm2)$$$ subclinical lobar pneumonia (not clinical, ≥1 lobe consolidated)$$$ and clinical lobar pneumonia (clinical, ≥1 lobe consolidated). At BRD1, calves were blocked by their respiratory disease status and randomized to receive an antibiotic (tulathromycin, 2.5 mg/kg subcutaneous) or placebo (sterile saline, equal volume subcutaneous). Multivariable linear and logistic regression analyses were used to model response to therapy. At BRD1 (n = 289), the distribution of diagnoses was 29% (upper respiratory tract disease), 43% (subclinical lobular pneumonia), 13% (clinical lobular pneumonia), 8% (subclinical lobar pneumonia), and 7% (clinical lobar pneumonia). Early antibiotic therapy limited progression of lung consolidation immediately following treatment, reduced the likelihood of requiring treatment within 7 d of BRD1, and improved growth and mortality before weaning. Despite receiving multiple doses of antibiotics after BRD1, calves treated with either antibiotic or placebo were equally likely to enter the weaning phase with pneumonia. Clinical presentation was associated with response to treatment for worsening of consolidation, early treatment failure, days to retreatment, and average daily gain. Overall, treatment was associated with short‐term benefits, but more research is needed to develop treatment protocols that more effectively treat pneumonia and ensure that calves enter the weaning period with ultrasonographically clean lungs.
Application of human milk into nose for brain protection in babies who fail to breathe at birth$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Intranasal application of human milk: Fresh human milk will be instilled into each nostril every 6 hours, using a one ml syringe, starting within 5 days of age Control Intervention1: Usual care: Babies will be given usual care in the control arm. Therapeutic hypothermia is not used in the unit CONDITION: Health Condition 1: P969‐ Condition originating in the perinatal period, unspecified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Brain MRI changesTimepoint: 4 weeks of age SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1. Neurodevelopmental assessment at age of 6 Â±1 months. $$$ 2. Brain MRI findings at age of 6 Â±1 months $$$ 3. Hospital mortality $$$ 4. Late onset sepsis after randomization $$$ 5. Length of hospital stay $$$ 6. Safety of intranasal breast milk application, as evidenced by fall in oxygen saturation of more than 10% from baseline, increase in oxygen requirement of more than 10 % from baseline, bradycardia (heart rate below 100 per minute), apnea or choking episode, change in color within 2 minutes of milk application, restlessness within 2 minutes of milk application, escalation of respiratory support. $$$ 7. Motherâ??s response & acceptance to intranasal human milk application $$$ Timepoint: 6 months of age INCLUSION CRITERIA: Term or post term neonates will be recruited to the trial if they meet both of the following two criteria of eligibility: first, a need for continued resuscitation at 5 min of age or an Apgar score of less than 6 at 5 min of age (for babies born in a hospital), or both, or an absence of crying by 5 min of age (for babies born at home)$$$ and second, evidence of encephalopathy based on clinical examination using modified Sarnat staging
Changing the omega-6 to omega-3 fatty acid ratio in sow diets alters serum, colostrum, and milk fatty acid profiles, but has minimal impact on reproductive performance$$$ This experiment tested the hypothesis that reducing the omega‐6 (n‐6) to omega‐3 (n‐3) fatty acid (FA) ratio in sow diets will improve performance, characterized by increased litter size, decreased preweaning mortality, and improved growth performance. Second, we determined if the FA profile in sow and piglet blood, colostrum, and milk are altered when sows are fed diets with varied n‐6:n‐3 ratios and if the dietary FA ratio impacts circulating concentrations of IgG, IgA, eicosapentaenoic (EPA), or docosahexaenoic (DHA) acid. Sows (n=150) were assigned to 1 of 5 treatments (each divided into gestation and lactation diets) on d 80 of gestation. Period 1 (P1) is defined as d 80 of gestation to weaning and Period 2 (P2) refers to the subsequent breeding to weaning. Diets were wheat and barley based (5% crude fat) and treatments consisted of a control (tallow), 3 diets with plant oil‐based n‐6:n‐3 ratios (9:1P, 5:1P, and 1:1P), and a 5:1 fish oil diet (5:1F). Litter size was unaffected by treatment during P1 and P2 (P>0.10). In P1, birth weight was unaffected by diet (P>0.10)$$$ however, weaning weight (P=0.019) and ADG from birth to weaning (P=0.011) were greatest for piglets born to 9:1P and 5:1P sows. During P2, 5:1F sows consumed 10% less feed during lactation (P=0.036), tended to have reduced piglet birth weights (P=0.052), and piglet weaning weight was reduced by 0.8 kg (P=0.040) relative to the other diets. Colostrum and piglet serum IgA and IgG concentrations were unaffected by diet (P>0.10). Serum n‐3 FA were greatest in sows (P<0.01) consuming 1:1P and 5:1F diets and in their offspring (P=0.014). Serum alpha‐linolenic acid (ALA) was greatest in 1:1P sows and EPA and DHA were greatest in 5:1F sows (P<0.01). In pre‐suckle piglet serum, ALA did not differ among treatment groups (P>0.10). Relative to piglets of sows consuming the control diet, EPA was 2.5‐fold greater in the 1:1P group and 4‐fold greater in 5:1F group (P<0.01) before suckling. In post‐suckle samples, ALA was greatest in piglets from the 1:1P sows (P<0.01) and EPA and DHA were greatest in piglets from the 5:1F sows (P<0.01). Feeding diets with plant‐based n‐6:n‐3 ratios of 5:1 or 1:1 did not impact performance relative to a control group but improved the conversion of ALA into EPA and increased the transfer of n‐3 to piglets through milk. When a fish‐based 5:1 ratio diet was fed, pre‐weaning mortality was increased, and piglet birth and weaning weights decreased.
Effects of an exclusive human-milk diet in preterm neonates on early vascular aging risk factors (NEOVASC): study protocol for a multicentric, prospective, randomized, controlled, open, and parallel group clinical trial$$$ Background: Preterm birth accounts for approximately 11% of all livebirths globally. Due to improvements in perinatal care, more than 95% of these infants now survive into adulthood. Research has indicated a robust association between prematurity and increased cardiovascular risk factors and cardiovascular mortality. While the innate adverse effects of prematurity on these outcomes have been demonstrated, therapeutic strategies on the mitigation of these concerning developments are lacking. The primary objective of the NEOVASC clinical trial is therefore to investigate whether the administration of a prolonged exclusive human‐milk diet in preterm infants is capable of alleviating the harmful effects of preterm birth on the early development of cardiovascular risk factors. Methods: The NEOVASC study is a multicentric, prospective, randomized, controlled, open, and parallel group clinical trial conducted in four Austrian tertiary neonatal care facilities. The purpose of the present trial is to investigate the effects of a prolonged exclusive human‐milk‐diet devoid of bovine‐milk‐based food components on cardiovascular and metabolic risk factors at 1, 2, and 5 years of corrected age. Primary outcomes include assessments of fasting blood glucose levels, blood pressure levels, and the distensibility of the descending aorta using validated echocardiographic protocols at 5 years of corrected age. The test group, which consists of 200 preterm infants, will therefore be compared to a control group of 100 term‐born infants and a historical control group recruited previously. Discussion: Given the emerging implications of an increased cardiovascular risk profile in the potentially growing population of preterm infants, further research on the mitigation of long‐term morbidities in formerly preterm infants is urgently warranted. Further optimizing preterm infants’ nutrition by removing bovine‐milk‐based food components may therefore be an interesting approach worth pursuing. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.govNCT04413994. Registered on 4 June 2020.
Evaluation of silver sulfadiazine 1%-cerium nitrate 2.2% cream efficacy and safety in moderate to severe burn patients: a single-blind randomized clinical trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Burn injury is a major global health crisis. Topical antimicrobials such as silver sulfadiazine (SSD) are commonly used for superficial burn wounds. SSD has a broad‐spectrum antimicrobial activity and also anti‐inflammatory property, but also suffers from some limitations. Therefore, some studies suggest to add cerium nitrate (CN) to SSD, as an immunomodulatory and tanning agent with antitoxic properties, but its effect on patients' mortality, length of hospital stay, and bacterial colonization is contraversial. OBJECTIVES: In this research, we evaluated the efficacy and safety of SSD 1%+CN 2.2% cream in patients with moderate to severe burn. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Twenty‐two patients who fulfilled the inclusion criteria randomly were assigned to the intervention (n=7) or control (n=15) group and received SSD 1%+CN 2.2% or SSD cream 1% respectively, once daily until the complete re‐epithelization or prepration of the burned skin for grafting. Intesity of pain, re‐epithelialization time, required interventions, laboratory and clinical findings and final outcome were recorded. RESULTS: There was no significant difference in re‐epithelialization time between the treatment and control groups (P>0.05). The same findings were reported about the required interventions and laboratory and clinical parameters. However, the final outcome and the pain score on third day were significantly better in the treatment group (P=0.017). On the other hand, all patients in the treatment group needed graft surgery. CONCLUSION: Use of SSD 1%+CN 2.2% cream did not significantly improve re‐epithelization time or infection occurrence and patients' pain, but also increased graft surgery rate in comparison with SDD 1% cream in moderate to severe burns.
A prospective double-blinded comparative analysis of framycetin and silver sulphadiazine as topical agents for burns: a pilot study$$$ Burn wound sepsis remains the leading cause of mortality if conservative methods of wound management are employed. Topical agents are still the mainstay of such wound management in the developing world. Non availability of agents like Mafenide or silver ion dressings in the developing world due to corporate strategies or cost concerns necessitates a search for alternatives to silver sulphadiazine, which is the gold standard. We report the use of framycetin 1% cream (Soframycin) in 20 patients of major burns (ranging from 15% to 40% TBSA), and in a double blinded study quantitatively comparing the bacterial load on day 4 and day 7 with a group of similar patients in whom silver sulphadiazine was used. The age group of the 40 patients was 10‐50 years and they were without any co‐morbid condition. All bacterial isolates from the 40 patients were also tested for framycetin sensitivity. Serial kidney function tests were done on all patients, and patients in the framycetin group underwent an audiometric testing at a mean time of 28 days. All results were statistically analyzed. It was noted that there was no statistically significant difference in the colony counts on days 4 and 7 between the two groups. As a corollary, it was also evident that there was no statistically significant difference in the rise in colony counts from day 4 to day 7 in the two groups. Sixty‐four percent of all bacterial isolates were sensitive to framycetin, although, this could not be compared with sensitivity to silver sulphadiazine. It was not possible to do assays for framycetin levels in blood but no patient developed nephrotoxicity or ototoxicity with its use. According to our pilot study results framycetin appears to be an alternative to silver suphadiazine as a topical agent for major burns. Framycetin application is also painless and it leads to no discoloration of the wound.
Malaria control in a forest camp in an oil exploration area of Upper Assam$$$ BACKGROUND: Assam, in north‐east India, is extremely rich in hydrocarbon deposits and the oil industry is the major contributor to its economy. A large number of oil fields and related installations in Assam are located in forest areas or on their fringes where malaria is a serious problem among field staff and security personnel, adversely affecting oil production. We carried out an operational research study for one year in a forest‐based industrial security camp of Dibrugarh district and developed an effective malaria control strategy for such areas. METHODS: The specific strategy was formulated and implemented after taking into account the local epidemiology of malaria, vector's ecology and malaria risk behaviour of the camp inmates. The strategy was based on reducing the man‐vector contact, using deltamethrin‐treated mosquito nets in conjunction with mosquito repellent cream and weekly chemoprophylaxis with 300 mg chloroquine. The impact of the strategy was monitored entomologically and epidemiologically for one year after implementation. RESULTS: The mean landing rate of Anopheles dirus, the vector mosquito in the camp area, was 5.03 per person per night during the monitoring. In spite of such a high density of the vector, the man‐vector contact was effectively checked by the intervention measures adopted. As a result, the incidence of malaria in the camp was reduced by > 90% as compared to previous years and the number of malaria cases came down from 6.7 per 1000 man‐nights in 1998‐99 to 0.06 in 2000‐01. Mortality due to malaria was completely eliminated. CONCLUSION: Control of malaria should be based on the local determinants of transmission. The use of insecticide‐treated mosquito nets in conjunction with a mosquito repellent cream is a good intervention for controlling Anopheles dirus‐transmitted malaria in the forests of north‐east India. The control module developed on the principle of reducing man‐mosquito contact is easy to implement, cost‐effective and replicable in similar forest‐based locations.
Bovine complex milk lipid containing gangliosides for prevention of rotavirus infection and diarrhoea in northern Indian infants$$$ Rotavirus (RV) is a leading cause of morbidity and mortality in children younger than 5 years of age, presenting commonly with diarrhoeal symptoms. In a prospective 12‐week double‐blind randomised controlled trial we assessed acceptability and efficacy of a high‐ganglioside complex milk lipid (CML) for prevention of RV infection in 450 infants, ages 8 to 24 months, at 3 sites in northern India. Prevalence of diarrhoea and RV was unseasonably low at baseline (all‐cause diarrhoea [ACD], n = 16$$$ RV diarrhoea [RVD], n = 2$$$ RV infection, RV positive [RV+], n = 20) and throughout the trial, with only 110 total episodes of ACD for 12 weeks (CML, n = 62$$$ control, n = 48) of which 10 were RVD (CML, n = 4$$$ control, n = 6). Mean duration that RVD persisted was lower in the CML group (2.3 ± 0.5 days) than that in the control group (3.8 ± 1.3 days, P = 0.03), but only 3 of 450 end of trial stool samples were identified as RV+ (<1%$$$ CML, n = 2$$$ control, n = 1). This hampered the assessment of efficacy of CML, despite the large a priori determined sample size. During the trial similar numbers of infants reported adverse events (AEs: CML 41%, control 46%), with the majority of events classified as mild and not related to the intervention. In conclusion, further clinical trials against a higher background of seasonal prevalence are necessary to assess efficacy of this nutritional intervention to prevent RVD. More important, however, high‐ganglioside CML was acceptable for long‐term consumption in infants ages 8 to 24 months.
Manual expression and electric breast pumping in the first 48 h after delivery$$$ BACKGROUND: Early feeding for preterm infants via the mother's own milk is crucial for lowering morbidity and mortality. Obtaining the mother's milk in the first few days is sometimes difficult$$$ an effective way of mediating this problem has not yet been established. The aim of the present study was therefore to investigate whether breast pumping using a hospital‐grade electric pump was more effective in maximizing the available milk volume and more comfortable than manual expression in the first 48 h after birth. METHODS: A sequential cross‐over study was performed in a maternity ward, in a tertiary perinatal center, Japan. Eleven women whose infants were admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit were sequentially allocated to either manual or electric breast expression (Symphony) for their first expression after 6 h following birth. The women then used the other method for the next expression, and continued to alternate between methods until seven sessions had been completed for each method. The time interval between expressions was 3 h. Main outcome measures were volume of milk expressed per session and pain assessment at each expression using the Wong and Baker face‐scale. RESULTS: Net milk yield per woman was 2 mL manually (median$$$ range: 0‐12.6 mL) and 0.6 mL (0‐7.2 mL) by electric expression (P < 0.05). The frequency of women stating no pain was higher for electric pumping than manual expression (90% vs 36%, respectively$$$ P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: In the early postpartum period, the best way to obtain colostrum is by gentle manual expression. For mothers who feel pain during manual expression, use of the stimulation phase of the Symphony pump may be preferable.
Evaluation of early enteral nutrition with whey protein compared with casein protein in mechanically ventilated patients with medical sepsis in intensive care unit$$$ Background & Objectives: Sepsis is a major cause of morbidity and mortality in hospitals worldwide. Whey in particular is not only a good source of nutritional protein, but contains bioactive components which may alter disease course. High concentrations of essential amino acids Leucine and Cysteine promotes tissue growth and repair. Anti‐inflammatory effects are exerted by the proteins α/β‐lactalbumin and lactoferrin via inhibition of interleukin formation. Lactoferrin is also a non‐enzymatic anti‐oxidant which stimulates immune systems. This pilot study compares whey based protein milk to casein based protein milk as enteral nutrition, and measures the outcome by looking into how they affect the inflammatory and anti‐oxidative status of the patients. Materials & Methods: Adult critically ill patients due to sepsis whom were admitted to General Intensive Care Unit were recruited into this study. Patients were randomly assigned to receive either enteral formula containing whey protein or a casein‐based formula. Blood samples were taken for measurement of plasma Interleukin‐6 (IL‐6), Glutathione and C‐Reactive Protein (CRP) levels at Day 1 and Day 5. Results: 21 patients were randomized into whey group, while 17 patients into casein group. Results showed a reduction in all IL‐6 levels for both groups, but were statistically insignificant, while Glutathione levels, an anti‐oxidant showed a significant reduction in the casein protein group (p=0.027) and not whey protein group. As for CRP, both groups also showed reduction in levels, but casein group was significant (p=0.044). Conclusion: Whey protein seems to have better ability in retaining body's anti‐oxidant status in times of severe stress as compared to casein from the preliminary results. However both have no significant effect on reducing inflammation. Nevertheless, a larger sample size is needed for sufficient power to determine more objectively the results of whey vs casein in terms of such outcome measurement.
Vitamin D for the Immune System in Cystic Fibrosis (DISC): a double-blind, multicenter, randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial$$$ Background Patients with cystic fibrosis (CF) have increased risk of vitamin D deficiency owing to fat malabsorption and other factors. Vitamin D deficiency has been associated with increased risk of pulmonary exacerbations of CF. Objectives The primary objective of this study was to examine the impact of a single high‐dose bolus of vitamin D 3 followed by maintenance treatment given to adults with CF during an acute pulmonary exacerbation on future recurrence of pulmonary exacerbations. Methods This was a multicenter, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, intent‐to‐treat clinical trial. Subjects with CF were randomly assigned to oral vitamin D 3 given as a single dose of 250,000 International Units (IU) or to placebo within 72 h of hospital admission for an acute pulmonary exacerbation, followed by 50,000 IU of vitamin D 3 or an identically matched placebo pill taken orally every other week starting at 3 mo after random assignment. The primary outcome was the composite endpoint of the time to next pulmonary exacerbation or death within 1 y. The secondary outcomes included circulating concentrations of the antimicrobial peptide cathelicidin and recovery of lung function as assessed by the percentage of predicted forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1%). Results A total of 91 subjects were enrolled in the study. There were no differences between the vitamin D 3 and placebo groups in time to next pulmonary exacerbation or death at 1 y. In addition, there were no differences in serial recovery of lung function after pulmonary exacerbation by FEV1% or in serial concentrations of plasma cathelicidin. Conclusions Vitamin D 3 initially given at the time of pulmonary exacerbation of CF did not alter the time to the next pulmonary exacerbation, 12‐mo mortality, serial lung function, or serial plasma cathelicidin concentrations. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01426256.
Effect on infant illness of maternal supplementation with 400 000 IU vs 200 000 IU of vitamin A$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Postpartum vitamin A supplementation is a strategy used to combat vitamin A deficiency and seems to reduce maternal/infant morbidity and mortality. However, studies have shown that a dose of 200 000 IU (World Health Organization [WHO] protocol) does not seem to provide adequate retinol levels in maternal breast milk, infant serum, and infant tissue. The objective of this study was to compare the effect of postpartum maternal supplementation with 400 000 IU (International Vitamin A Consultative Group protocol) compared with 200 000 IU of vitamin A on infant morbidity. METHODS: This was a randomized controlled, triple‐blinded clinical trial conducted at 2 public maternity hospitals in Recife in northeastern Brazil. There were 276 mother‐child pairs that were allocated to 2 treatment groups: 400 000 IU or 200 000 IU of vitamin A. They were followed up for >6 months to evaluate infant morbidity. RESULTS: Fever (rate ratio [RR]: 0.92 [95% confidence interval (CI): 0.75‐1.14]), diarrhea (RR: 0.96 [95% CI: 0.72‐1.28]), otitis (RR: 0.94 [95% CI: 0.48‐1.85]), acute respiratory infection (RR: 1.03 [95% CI: 0.88‐1.21]), the need for intravenous rehydration (RR: 2.08 [95% CI: 0.64‐2.07]), and the use of antibiotic treatment (RR: 0.80 [95% CI: 0.43‐1.47]) did not differ significantly between the 2 treatment groups. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest that postpartum maternal supplementation with 400 000 IU of vitamin A does not provide any additional benefits in the reduction of illness in children aged <6 months$$$ therefore, we do not support the proposal to increase the standard vitamin A dose in the existing WHO protocol
Effect on infant illness of maternal supplementation with 400 000 IU vs 200 000 IU of vitamin A$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Postpartum vitamin A supplementation is a strategy used to combat vitamin A deficiency and seems to reduce maternal/infant morbidity and mortality. However, studies have shown that a dose of 200 000 IU (World Health Organization [WHO] protocol) does not seem to provide adequate retinol levels in maternal breast milk, infant serum, and infant tissue. The objective of this study was to compare the effect of postpartum maternal supplementation with 400 000 IU (International Vitamin A Consultative Group protocol) compared with 200 000 IU of vitamin A on infant morbidity. METHODS: This was a randomized controlled, triple‐blinded clinical trial conducted at 2 public maternity hospitals in Recife in northeastern Brazil. There were 276 mother‐child pairs that were allocated to 2 treatment groups: 400 000 IU or 200 000 IU of vitamin A. They were followed up for >6 months to evaluate infant morbidity. RESULTS: Fever (rate ratio [RR]: 0.92 [95% confidence interval (CI): 0.75‐1.14]), diarrhea (RR: 0.96 [95% CI: 0.72‐1.28]), otitis (RR: 0.94 [95% CI: 0.48‐1.85]), acute respiratory infection (RR: 1.03 [95% CI: 0.88‐1.21]), the need for intravenous rehydration (RR: 2.08 [95% CI: 0.64‐2.07]), and the use of antibiotic treatment (RR: 0.80 [95% CI: 0.43‐1.47]) did not differ significantly between the 2 treatment groups. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest that postpartum maternal supplementation with 400 000 IU of vitamin A does not provide any additional benefits in the reduction of illness in children aged <6 months$$$ therefore, we do not support the proposal to increase the standard vitamin A dose in the existing WHO protocol.
The effect of an organic rumen-protected fat supplement on performance, metabolic status, and health of dairy cows$$$ Background: Negative energy balance during the transition period is a concern for both conventional and certified organic dairy systems. During early lactation, supplemental strategies are used to cope with nutrient deficiencies that are associated with impaired health, production, and reproduction. As organic certified dairies in the United States face restricted access to dietary supplements, the evaluation of products especially formulated for organic production is needed. Our objective was to assess the effect of supplementing 0.45 kg/d of an organic rumen‐protected fat (RPF) on health, metabolic status, and productive and reproductive performance of organic certified Holstein cows from 1 to 150 days in milk (DIM). Two‐hundred and two cows were enrolled in a randomized blocked controlled trial conducted from January to July 2017 in a certified organic dairy located in Northern Colorado (USA). Two groups were randomly assigned to be individually supplemented with organic RPF (ORG$$$ n = 100) or control pellets (CON$$$ n = 102) once per day, in addition to the total mixed ration (TMR). Outcomes of interest included milk yield (kg/d) and milk components, serum concentration of glucose, and non‐esterified fatty acids (NEFA), resumption of cyclicity, time‐to‐first artificial insemination (AI), conception at first AI, and conception within 150 DIM, disease occurrence, culling, mortality. Results: A significant effect for the inclusion of RPF was found in daily milk yield$$$ RPF supplemented cows had greater milk yield (1.6 kg/d) compared to CON cows up to 150 DIM (P = 0.03). During grazing, multiparous (MP) ORG cows had greater milk yield compared to MP CON cows, whereas no effect was found in primiparous (PP) cows. Health outcomes, serum metabolite concentrations, and reproductive performance were not affected by the inclusion of RPF. Body condition loss was smaller in the ORG group up to 80 DIM$$$ however, there was no effect on body condition during the grazing season and in the overall study period. Conclusions: These results indicate that supplementation of RPF increased daily milk yield and prevented body condition loss during at 90 DIM. However, RPF supplementation did not affect health, serum metabolite concentration, milk components, and reproductive outcomes.
Fish oil affects blood pressure and the plasma lipid profile in healthy Danish infants$$$ Animal and epidemiologic studies indicate that early nutrition has lasting effects on metabolism and cardiovascular disease risk. In adults, (n‐3) long‐chain PUFA (LCPUFA) from fish oils improve blood pressure, the lipid profile, and possibly cardiovascular disease mortality. This randomized trial is the first to investigate the effects of fish oil on blood pressure and the lipid profile in infancy. Healthy term 9‐mo old infants (n = 83) were randomly assigned to 5 mL fish oil daily or no fish oil for 3 mo and to 2 different milk types. Before and after the intervention, blood pressure was measured with an oscillometric device, and blood was sampled for analysis of erythrocyte fatty acid composition and the plasma lipid profile. This paper examines the effects of the fish oil supplement, with adjustment for the effects of the milk intervention when relevant. The fish oil intervention increased erythrocyte (n‐3) LCPUFA content (P < 0.001). At 12 mo, infants administered fish oil had a lower systolic blood pressure [adjusted mean difference (95% CI)] 6.3 mm Hg (0.9, 11.7) (P = 0.02), a 0.51 mmol/L (0.07, 0.95) higher plasma total cholesterol (P = 0.02), and a 0.52 mmol/L (0.02,1.01) higher LDL cholesterol (P = 0.04) than infants not administered fish oil. Plasma triacylglycerol was inversely associated with the erythrocyte content of eicosapentaenoic acid (r = 0.34, P < 0.01), a biomarker of fish oil dose. The observed effects of fish oil are in accordance with findings in adults. The long‐term health implications warrant further investigation.
Breast-feeding in Bangkok, Thailand: current status, maternal knowledge, attitude and social support$$$ Background: The promotion of breast‐feeding is one of the essential interventions for reduction of infant mortality and improving infant development worldwide. The aim of the present study was to examine the current status of infant feeding and the influences of suspected family sociodemographic characteristics and social support as well as maternal knowledge, attitudes and behaviours in infant feeding since the Baby‐Friendly Hospital Initiative was launched in Thailand. Methods: A total of 221 mother‐ infant pairs were randomly drawn from six health care centers in Bangkok from 20 April to 1 May 1998. Health care staff, using a structured questionnaire, interviewed the mothers in the health care centers. Results: Most sampled mothers believed that breast milk was the best food for their infants and knew that breast milk had many advantages for infants, mothers and families. Ninety‐five percent of mothers breast‐fed their infants up to 3 months postpartum, but the prevalence of exclusive breast‐feeding was relatively low (62.4%). Multiple logistic regression analyses revealed that the following factors independently increased the risk of mixed or formula feeding during the first 3 months of life: (i) mothers with a full‐time job$$$ (ii) grandmothers and other people as the main child caretakers$$$ (iii) mothers who did not have an antenatal plan of exclusive breast‐feeding$$$ and (iv) newborns' non‐exclusive breast‐feeding in hospitals after birth. However, the mother being a housewife, mother as the main child caretaker, an antenatal plan of exclusive breast‐feeding and exclusive breast‐feeding in hospital were more likely to improve exclusive breast‐feeding. Conclusion: The prevalence of exclusive breast‐feeding was relatively low. Antenatal plans for exclusive breast‐feeding and newborn feeding type in hospital after birth may play key roles in the duration of exclusive breast‐feeding. These findings suggest the importance of strengthening implementation of the Baby‐ Friendly Hospital policy and prenatal health education regarding breast‐ feeding.
Early postoperative enteral feeding in patients with nontraumatic intestinal perforation and peritonitis$$$ BACKGROUND: In our clinical setting, patients with perforative peritonitis are frequently malnourished. Immediate postoperative enteral feeding has been shown effective in reducing septic morbidity in patients with abdominal trauma. This study was designed to investigate the feasibility and efficacy of immediate postoperative enteral feeding in patients with nontraumatic intestinal perforation and peritonitis. STUDY DESIGN: A prospective study spanning 1 year was conducted on patients with nontraumatic intestinal perforation and peritonitis. After laparotomy, patients were assigned randomly to a control or study group. The study group underwent a feeding jejunostomy and received enteral feeding from 12 hours postoperatively. A low‐residue, milk‐based diet was used. All patients underwent assessment for severity of sepsis and nutritional status at admission. Studies of nutritional status and nitrogen balance were repeated on days 4 and 7. RESULTS: Forty‐three patients (21 in the study group$$$ 22 in the control group) were included. The two groups were comparable except for a higher sepsis score in the study group (p < 0.05). Patients in the study group achieved a positive nitrogen balance by the third postoperative day$$$ patients in the control group remained in negative nitrogen balance throughout the study. Abdominal distention (four patients) required temporary withdrawal of feeding. Diarrhea occurred in four patients but was controlled easily. The mortality rate was similar in the control and study groups (18.2% versus 19.1%). The control group had a total of 22 septic complications, versus eight in the study group (p < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Immediate postoperative feeding is feasible in patients with perforative peritonitis and reduces septic morbidity.
Early parent participation compared to conventional care for preterm babies in the NICU â?? A randomized controlled trial$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Early Parent Participation in NICU care: Parents get involved in active care of their baby immediately after stabilization, usually on day 1 itself. They perform the following skills: Feed support ‐ parents giving orogastric tube feeds or paladai feeds Parents changing diaper Parents giving baby massage Parents weighing their baby Parents giving oral supplements Parents nesting their baby Control Intervention1: Conventional Parent Participation in NICU care: Parents get involved in care of their preterm babies only after the baby is off intravenous fluids and oxygen They will perform the same skills as the intervention arm, but only after the baby is off IV fluids or oxygen CONDITION: Preterm neonates 28‐33 weeks gestation, admitted in the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit of the Institute PRIMARY OUTCOME: â?¢Number of babies having physiological instability atleast 72 hours after starting parent participation â?? desaturation, feed intolerance and investigation for suspected infection $$$ â?¢Dominant breast milk feeding rates at discharge $$$ â?¢Proportion of babies meeting discharge criteria by 34 weeks gestation $$$ ‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Discharge from hospital SECONDARY OUTCOME: â?¢Hospital associated infection rates $$$ â?¢Dropout rates after enrollment $$$ â?¢Stress of parents, nurses and doctors $$$ â?¢Seeking hospital care within 1 month of discharge $$$ â?¢Extra‐uterine growth retardation â?? weight at discharge and 40 weeks $$$ â?¢NEC $$$ â?¢Oxygen dependency at postnatal day 28 $$$ â?¢Absence of major neurodevelopmental disability at 40 weeks $$$ ROP requiring treatment $$$ PVL at 36‐40 weeks USG cranium $$$ â?¢Mortality, all cause in NICU $$$ ‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 40 weeks gestational age INCLUSION CRITERIA: All inborn babies less than or equal to weeks, and outborn babies admitted to NICU within 24 hours of birth
The Finnmark Intervention Study: is it possible to change CVD risk factors by community-based intervention in an Arctic village in crisis?$$$ Aims: Owing to high cardiovascular mortality, the Norwegian Government introduced the programme "Health and Inequalities in Finnmark" in 1988. One of the projects in this programme was aimed at changing cardiovascular risk factors through community‐based intervention in a fishing community in the Norwegian Arctic. Methods: The intervention community Batsfjord and the three control communities were selected from the same coastal area. The intervention was based on a quasi‐ experimental design, and evaluated by population surveys before (1987) and after (1993) the invention. The attending cohort was analysed. The intervention method was based on empowerment and cooperation between different organizations, and the primary healthcare system. Results: From 1987‐93, the male cohort in Batsfjord had a more favourable development when compared with changes in the control communities regarding the 8.6% increase in physical activity (p = 0.047), the reduction in systolic blood pressure by 0.01 mmHg (p = 0.002), and the reduction in diastolic blood pressure by 2.1 mmHg (p < 0.001). The female cohort in Batsfjord had a more favourable development when compared with changes in the control communities regarding the 11.2% increase in use of low‐fat milk (p = 0.046), the increase in systolic blood pressure by 2.1 mmHg (p = 0.024), and the reduction in diastolic blood pressure by 2.1 mmHg (p < 0.001). Conclusion: Despite a difficult economic situation for the Arctic coastal communities, the study found it possible for voluntary organizations, local public administration, and local health personnel to promote change in lifestyle and blood pressure using a community intervention approach. © Taylor & Francis 2003
Effectiveness of oral nutritional supplementation for older women after a fracture: rationale, design and study of the feasibility of a randomized controlled study$$$ BACKGROUND: Malnutrition is a problem for many older people recovering from a hip and other major fractures. Oral supplementation with high calorie high protein nutrients is a simple intervention that may help older people with fractures to improve their recovery in terms of rehabilitation time, length of hospital stay and mortality. This paper reports a pilot study to test the feasibility of a trial initiated in a hospital setting with an oral supplement to older people with recent fractures. METHOD: A randomized controlled trial with 44 undernourished participants admitted to a hospital following a fracture. The intervention group (n = 23) received a high calorie high protein supplement for forty days in addition to their diet of choice. The control group (n = 21) received high protein milk during their hospital stay in addition to their diet of choice and their usual diet when discharged from hospital. RESULTS: All participants were women and their mean age was 85.3 (± 6.1) years. Twenty nine (65%) participants had a hip fracture. At baseline no differences were measured between the two groups regarding their nutritional status, their cognitive ability or their abilities in activities of daily living. There were no significant differences between the intervention and control group with reference to nutritional or functional parameters at 40 day and 4 month follow‐ups. Median length of stay in hospital was 18.0 days, with 12 participants being readmitted for a median of 7.0 days. CONCLUSION: It is feasible to perform a randomised trial in a hospital and community setting to test the effect of an oral high energy high protein supplement for older people. Due to the limited number of participants and incomplete adherence with use of the supplements no conclusion can be drawn about the efficacy or effectiveness of this intervention.
Management of anlotinib-related adverse events in patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer: experiences in ALTER-0303$$$ Background: Anlotinib is an oral tyrosine kinase inhibitor targeting vascular endothelial growth factor receptor, fibroblast growth factor receptor, platelet‐derived growth factor receptor, and stem cell factor receptor (c‐Kit). In the phase III ALTER‐0303 trial (Clinical Trial Registry ID: NCT 02388919), anlotinib significantly improved overall survival versus placebo in advanced non‐small cell lung cancer patients who had received at least two previous chemotherapy and epidermal growth factor receptor/anaplastic lymphoma kinase targeted therapy regimens. This study summarized adverse event management in this trial. Methods: Patients were randomized (2:1) to anlotinib or placebo up to progression or intolerable toxicity. Adverse events were graded according to the National Cancer Institute Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events Version 4.0 and managed by investigators. Key strategies for preventing and managing the most common adverse events included patient education, supportive care, and dose modification. Results: Between February 2015 and August 2016, 294 patients received anlotinib. A total of 170 (57.8%) patients received antihypertensive medications for hypertension, 53 (18.0%) patients received levothyroxine for hypothyroidism, 24 (8.2%) patients received fibrates for hypertriglyceridemia, 11 (3.7%) patients took cortisone cream for hand‐foot syndrome, and 38 (12.9%) patients received anti‐diarrheal medications for diarrhea. Dose reduction and drug discontinuation were required in 24 (8.16%) and 31 (10.54%) patients in the anlotinib group, respectively. Conclusion: Anlotinb‐related adverse events could be controlled by patient education, prophylactic measures, early and active intervention, and dose modification.
Host plant associated enhancement of immunity and survival in virus infected caterpillars$$$ Understanding the interaction between host plant chemistry, the immune response, and insect pathogens can shed light on host plant use by insect herbivores. In this study, we focused on how interactions between the insect immune response and plant secondary metabolites affect the response to a viral pathogen. Based upon prior research, we asked whether the buckeye caterpillar, Junonia coenia (Nymphalidae), which specializes on plants containing iridoid glycosides (IGs), is less able to resist the pathogenic effects of a densovirus infection when feeding on plants with high concentrations of IGs. In a fully factorial design, individuals were randomly assigned to three treatments, each of which had two levels: (1) exposed to the densovirus versus control, (2) placed on a plant species with high concentrations of IGs (Plantago lanceolata, Plantaginaceae) versus low concentrations of IGs (P. major), and (3) control versus surface sterilized to exclude surface microbes that may contribute to viral resistance. We measured phenoloxidase (PO) activity, hemocyte counts, and gut bacterial diversity (16S ribosomal RNA) during the fourth larval instar, as well as development time, pupal weight, and survival to adult. Individuals infected with the virus were immune‐suppressed (as measured by PO response and hemocyte count) and developed significantly faster than virus‐free individuals. Contrary to our predictions,mortality was significantly less for virus challengedindividuals reared on the high IG plant compared to the low IG plant.This suggests that plant secondary metabolites can influence survival from viral infection and may be associated with activation of PO. Removing egg microbes did not affect the immune response or survival of the larvae. In summary, these results suggest that plant secondary metabolites are important for survival against a viral pathogen. Even though the PO response was better on the high IG plant, the extent to which this result contributes to survival against the virus needs further investigation.
Low-fat dairy reduces inflammatory genes and liver enzymes in adults with metabolic syndrome$$$ We evaluated the effect of low‐fat dairy (LFD) intake on plasma inflammatory markers, gene expression of these markers in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) and liver enzymes in individuals with metabolic syndrome (MetS). Subjects (13 male, 22 female) with low dairy intake (<1.5 ser/dairy/day) were randomly assigned to receive LFD (296 mL low‐fat milk, 170 g yogurt, 510 g cheese stick, 3 servings of dairy/day) or isocaloric control foods (CON) (42 g granola bar, 177 mL juice) daily for 6‐wk. After a 4‐wk wash‐out, subjects were allocated to the alternate treatment. Participants had lower concentrations of both hepatic alanine aminotransferase (ALT) (p < 0.05) and aspartate aminotransferase (AST) (p< 0.005) as well as lower concentrations of plasma monocyte chemoattractant protein (MPC‐1) (p<0.05) after the LFD period. Gene expression was evaluated in a subset of subjects (n = 17). IL‐1b and IL‐6 were reduced by 46 and 63%, respectively compared to the control period. Protein and gene expression of tumor necrosis factor (TNF)‐alpha was not altered by diet. These results indicate that consumption of three dairy servings per day improve both liver inflammatory markers and systemic inflammation in subjects with MetS.
A multimodal nutritional intervention after discharge improves quality of life and physical function in older patients - a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Many older hospitalized patients are at nutritional risk or malnourished and the nutritional condition is often further impaired during hospitalization. When discharged to own home, a "Nutrition Gap" often occurs, causing inadequate dietary intake, and potentially impeded recovery. Previously, cross‐sectorial studies of single component nutritional intervention have shown a limited effect on clinically relevant outcomes. We hypothesized that a multimodal nutritional intervention is necessary to elicit a beneficial effect on clinically relevant outcomes. METHODS: A randomized controlled trial was performed for a period of 16 weeks. At discharge, the intervention group (IG) received dietetic counselling including a recommendation of daily training, an individual nutrition plan and a package containing foods and drinks covering dietary requirements for the next 24 h. Further, a goodie‐bag containing samples of protein‐rich milk‐based drinks were provided. Information regarding recommendations of nutritional therapy after discharge was systematically and electronically communicated to the municipality. The dietician performed telephone follow‐ups on day 4 and 30 and a home visit at 16 weeks. The control group (CG) received standard treatment. The primary outcome was readmissions within 6 month, secondary outcomes were Length of Stay (LOS), Health Related Quality of Life (EQ‐5D‐3L), nutritional status, physical function (30s‐CST) and mortality. This trial was registered under ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier no. NCT03488329. RESULTS: We included 191 patients (IG: n = 93). No significant difference was seen in readmissions within 6 month (IG: 45% vs. CG: 45%, Risk Ratio (RR): 0.96 0.71‐1.31, p = 0.885). At the 16‐weeks follow‐up more patients in the IG reached at least 75% of energy and protein requirements (82% vs. CG: 61%, p = 0,007). The energy (kcal) and protein intake (g) per kg was significantly higher in the IG (26.4 kcal/kg (±7.4) vs. 22.6 (±7.4), p = 0.0248) (1.1 g/kg (±0.3) vs. 0.9 g/kg (±0.3). Furthermore, significant lower weight loss was seen in IG (0.7 (±4.3) vs. ‐1.4 (±3.6), p = 0.002). A significant and clinically relevant difference was found in the EQ‐5D‐3L VAS‐score (IG: mean 61.6 ± 16.2 vs. CG: 53.3 ± 19.3, p = 0.011) (Δ14.3 (±15.5) vs. Δ5.6 (±17.2), p = 0.002). A significant difference in mean 30s‐CST in IG was also found (7.2 (±4.3) vs. 5.3 (±4.1), p = 0.010). The improvements in physical function were of clinical relevance in both groups, but significantly higher in the IG (Δ4.2 (±4.4) vs. Δ2.2 (±2.5), p = 0.008). In fact, 86% in IG experienced improvements in the 30s‐CST compared with 68% in the CG (p = 0.022). LOS was found to be lower at all time points, however not significant (30 days: ‐3 (‐8.5 to 2.5), p = 0.276, 16 weeks: ‐4 (‐10.2 to 2.2, p = 0.204), 6 months: ‐3 (‐9.3 to 3.3, p = 0346)). All‐cause mortality was not different between groups, however RR showed a non‐significantly 47% reduction at day 30 (0.53 (0.14‐2.05, p = 0.499)) and a 17% reduction at 16 weeks (0.83 (0.40‐1.73, p = 1.000)) in IG. Per protocol (PP) analysis revealed a non‐significant decrease of 32% in readmission at 6 months (RR: 0.68 (0.42‐1.08), p = 0.105). CONCLUSION: The present study, using a multimodal nutritional approach, revealed no significant effect on readmissions however a significant positive effect on nutritional status, quality of life and physical function was found. The improvements in quality of life and physical function were of clinical relevance. No significant effect was found on LOS and mortality.
Inclusion of dairy cheese in an 8-day controlled dietary intervention prevents sodium-induced endothelial dysfunction in the cutaneous microcirculation of healthy older adults$$$ Excess dietary sodium is associated with impaired vascular function and increased cardiovascular mortality. In controlled feeding studies, the inclusion of 3 daily servings of any dairy product improves blood pressure and measures of vascular health. Few studies have examined the inclusion of individual dairy products that contain both the beneficial bioactive dairy proteins and sodium. We recently demonstrated that single‐meal cheese consumption ameliorates acute sodium‐induced impairments in nitric oxide‐dependent vasodilation. However, controlled feeding studies examining the vasoprotective role of dairy cheese on sodium‐induced microvascular dysfunction are lacking. We hypothesized that (1) endothelium‐dependent vasodilation would be impaired by a high‐sodium diet compared to a low sodium diet, and (2) that a high‐cheese diet would preserve endothelium‐dependent vasodilation that is otherwise impaired by a high‐sodium diet. In a randomized, crossover study design, seven healthy older adults (63 ± 3 years$$$ salt‐resistant: <10 mmHg increase in mean arterial pressure, 24 hour monitoring) with normal to elevated blood pressure completed 4 separate 8‐day controlled dietary interventions: 1) low‐sodium (LNa: 1500 mg sodium) diet devoid of dairy products, 2) low‐sodium high‐cheese diet (LNaC: 1500 mg sodium, 6 oz/d cheese), 3) high‐sodium (HNa: 5500 mg sodium) diet devoid of dairy products, and 4) high‐sodium high‐cheese diet (HNaC: 5500 mg sodium, 6 oz/d cheese). At the end of each dietary intervention, subjects participated in an intradermal microdialysis protocol in which one microdialysis fiber was inserted into the forearm skin for measurement of red cell flux (laser Doppler flowmetry) during local infusion of the endothelium‐dependent agonist acetylcholine (Ach$$$ 10‐12 to 10‐1 M). Data were expressed as a percentage of maximum cutaneous vascular conductance (%CVCmax$$$ 28 mM sodium nitroprusside, 43°C). Ach‐induced vasodilation was significantly attenuated during the HNa diet compared to the LNa diet (LNa:‐5.06±0.20 M vs HNa:‐3.22±0.63 M logEC50: p < 0.05). Conversely, Ach‐induced dilation during either the LNaC or HNaC diet was not different from the LNa diet (p > 0.05). These results demonstrate that increased dietary sodium intake impairs endothelium‐dependent dilation whereas the inclusion of cheese prevents sodium‐induced endothelial dysfunction in salt‐insensitive older adults.
The effects of progressive resistance training combined with a whey-protein drink and vitamin D supplementation on glycaemic control, body composition and cardiometabolic risk factors in older adults with type 2 diabetes: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: While physical activity, energy restriction and weight loss are the cornerstone of type 2 diabetes management, less emphasis is placed on optimizing skeletal muscle mass. As muscle is the largest mass of insulin‐sensitive tissue and the predominant reservoir for glucose disposal, there is a need to develop safe and effective evidence‐based, lifestyle management strategies that optimize muscle mass as well as improve glycaemic control and cardiometabolic risk factors in people with this disease, particularly older adults who experience accelerated muscle loss. METHODS/DESIGN: Using a two‐arm randomized controlled trial, this 6‐month study builds upon the community‐based progressive resistance training (PRT) programme Lift for Life® to evaluate whether ingestion of a whey‐protein drink combined with vitamin D supplementation can enhance the effects of PRT on glycaemic control, body composition and cardiometabolic health in older adults with type 2 diabetes. Approximately 200 adults aged 50 to 75 years with type 2 diabetes, treated with either diet alone or oral hypoglycaemic agents (not insulin), will be recruited. All participants will be asked to participate in a structured, supervised PRT programme based on the Lift for Life® programme structure, and randomly allocated to receive a whey‐protein drink (20 g daily of whey‐protein plus 20 g after each PRT session) plus vitamin D supplements (2000 IU/day), or no additional powder and supplements. The primary outcome measures to be collected at baseline, 3 and 6 months will be glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) and insulin sensitivity (homeostatic model assessment). Secondary outcomes will include changes in: muscle mass, size and intramuscular fat$$$ fat mass$$$ muscle strength and function$$$ blood pressure$$$ levels of lipids, adipokines and inflammatory markers, serum insulin‐like growth factor‐1 and 25‐hydroxyvitamin D$$$ renal function$$$ diabetes medication$$$ health‐related quality of life, and cognitive function. DISCUSSION: The findings from this study will provide new evidence on whether increased dietary protein achieved through the ingestion of a whey‐protein drink combined with vitamin D supplementation can enhance the effects of PRT on glycaemic control, muscle mass and size, and cardiometabolic risk factors in older adults with type 2 diabetes. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials ACTRN12613000592741.
Effect of plant sterols on the lipid profile of patients with hypercholesterolaemia. Randomised, experimental study$$$ BACKGROUND: Studies have been conducted on supplementing the daily diet with plant sterol ester‐enriched milk derivatives in order to reduce LDL‐cholesterol levels and, consequently, cardiovascular risk. However, clinical practice guidelines on hypercholesterolaemia state that there is not sufficient evidence to recommend their use in subjects with hypercholesterolaemia. The main objective of this study is to determine the efficacy of the intake of 2 g of plant sterol esters a day in lowering LDL‐cholesterol levels in patients diagnosed with hypercholesterolaemia. The specific objectives are: 1) to quantify the efficacy of the daily intake of plant sterol esters in lowering LDL‐cholesterol, total cholesterol and cardiovascular risk in patients with hypercholesterolaemia$$$ 2) to evaluate the occurrence of adverse effects of the daily intake of plant sterol esters$$$ 3) to identify the factors that determine a greater reduction in lipid levels in subjects receiving plant sterol ester supplements. METHODS/DESIGN: Randomised, double‐blind, placebo controlled experimental trial carried out at family doctors' surgeries at three health centres in the Health Area of Albacete (Spain). The study subjects will be adults diagnosed with "limit" or "defined" hypercholesterolaemia and who have LDL cholesterol levels of 130 mg/dl or over. A dairy product in the form of liquid yoghurt containing 2 g of plant sterol ester per container will be administered daily after the main meal, for a period of 24 months. The control group will receive a daily unit of yogurt not supplemented with plant sterol esters that has a similar appearance to the enriched yoghurt. The primary variable is the change in lipid profile at 1, 3, 6, 12, 18 and 24 months. The secondary variables are: change in cardiovascular risk, adherence to the dairy product, adverse effects, adherence to dietary recommendations, frequency of food consumption, basic physical examination data, health problems, lipid‐lowering medication, physical activity, smoking habits and socio‐demographic variables. DISCUSSION: If plant sterol ester supplements were effective a sounder recommendation for the consumption of plant sterols in subjects with hypercholesterolaemia could be made.
Probiotic kefir consumption improves serum apolipoprotein A1 levels in metabolic syndrome patients: a randomized controlled clinical trial$$$ Metabolic syndrome has become a major health hazard of the modern world. Studies investigating the effects of traditional fermented foods on metabolic syndrome are limited. We hypothesized that regular kefir consumption could improve the anthropometrical measurements, glycemic control, lipid profile, blood pressure, and inflammatory status in patients with metabolic syndrome. Sixty‐two participants were randomly assigned to receive either 180 mL/d probiotic kefir or unfermented milk for 12 weeks. Dietary intake, anthropometrical measurements, biochemical status, and blood pressure were assessed at baseline and the end of weeks 4, 8, and 12. Serum apolipoprotein A1 concentration increased by 3.4% in the kefir group, whereas it decreased by 2.4% in the milk group in 12 weeks (P = .03). A subgroup analysis for participants with low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL‐C) levels >130 mg/dL showed that serum LDL‐C and apolipoprotein B concentrations (7.6% and 5.4%, respectively) significantly decreased with kefir consumption compared with the baseline values at the 12th week (P < .05), but not compared with milk consumption (P > .05). Both milk and kefir consumption was associated with lower systolic and diastolic blood pressure compared with the baseline (P < .05). The 12‐weeks of kefir administration also decreased serum tumor necrosis factor‐α, interleukin 6, interleukin 10, interferon‐gamma, and homocysteine concentrations significantly (P < .05). In conclusion, regular dairy consumption as part of a well‐balanced diet can provide favorable effects in the management of metabolic syndrome, and probiotic kefir may deserve a special interest among dairy products. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov (NCT03966846).
Kefir drink leads to a similar weight loss, compared with milk, in a dairy-rich non-energy-restricted diet in overweight or obese premenopausal women: a randomized controlled trial$$$ Purpose: Controversy exists regarding whether increasing dairy intake without energy restriction would lead to weight loss. We aimed to compare the potential weight‐reducing effects of kefir drink (a probiotic dairy product) and milk in a dairy‐rich non‐energy‐restricted diet in overweight or obese premenopausal women. Methods: One hundred and forty‐four subjects were assessed for eligibility in this single‐center, multi‐arm, parallel‐group, randomized controlled trial. Of these, seventy‐five eligible women aged 25‐45 years were randomly assigned to three groups, labeled as control, milk, and kefir, to receive an outpatient dietary regimen for 8 weeks. Subjects in the control group received a diet providing a maintenance level of energy intake, containing 2 servings/day of low‐fat dairy products, while those in the milk and kefir groups received a weight maintenance diet, containing 2 additional servings/day (a total of 4 servings/day) of dairy products from low‐fat milk or commercial kefir drink, respectively. Anthropometric outcomes including weight, body mass index (BMI), and waist circumference (WC) were measured every 2 weeks. Results: Fifty‐eight subjects completed the study. Using analysis of covariance models in the intention‐to‐treat population (n = 75), we found that at 8 weeks, subjects in the kefir and milk groups had significantly greater reductions in weight, BMI, and WC compared to those in the control group (all p < 0.01). However, no such significant differences were found between the kefir and milk groups. Conclusions: Kefir drink leads to a similar weight loss, compared with milk, in a dairy‐rich non‐energy‐restricted diet in overweight or obese premenopausal women. However, further studies are warranted.
Ingesting probiotic yogurt containing Lactiplantibacillus plantarum OLL2712 improves glycaemic control in adults with prediabetes in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial$$$ Aim: The ingestion of Lactiplantibacillus plantarum OLL2712 (OLL2712) cells has been shown to improve glucose metabolism by suppressing chronic inflammation in murine models and clinical studies. This study aimed to clarify the effect of OLL2712 on glycaemic control in healthy adults with prediabetes. Materials and Methods: The study was a randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, parallel‐group design. Adult participants with prediabetes [n = 148, glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) range: 5.6%‐6.4%, age range: 20‐64 years] were assigned randomly to placebo or OLL2712 groups (n = 74/group) and administered daily for 12 weeks either conventional yogurt or yogurt containing >5 × 109 heat‐treated OLL2712 cells, respectively. In addition, the participants were followed for 8 weeks after the discontinuation of either yogurt. The primary outcome was the changes in HbA1c levels at weeks 12 and 16 by analysis of covariance. Results: The levels of HbA1c and glycoalbumin decreased significantly in both groups at week 12 in comparison with those at week 0, but only in the OLL2712 group at week 16. HbA1c levels decreased significantly at weeks 12 and 16 in the OLL2712 group in comparison with the placebo group (p =.014 and p =.006, respectively). No significant inter‐ and intragroup differences in HbA1c levels were observed at week 20. Conclusions: The ingestion of OLL2712 prevents the deterioration of glycaemic control and maintains the HbA1c levels within the normal range in adults with prediabetes$$$ yogurt probably exhibits similar effects, which may contribute to reducing the risk of developing type 2 diabetes.
Effects of whole milk and full-fat dairy products on vascular function in adults with elevated blood pressure$$$ We have previously demonstrated that the solitary addition of nonfat dairy products to the normal routine diet was capable of improving overall vascular function. However, it is unknown whether whole fat dairy products mediate similar vascular responses as most of the available cohort studies do not support the association between full‐fat dairy products and arterial blood pressure. Therefore, the purpose of the study was to determine the efficacy of conventional full‐fat dairy products as part of the normal routine diet to improve vascular function in adults with elevated blood pressure. A total of 60 otherwise healthy men and women (mean age of 58 ± 2 years) with pre‐ or stage I hypertension (systolic and diastolic blood pressure: 120‐159/80‐99 mmHg) were recruited. They underwent a randomized controlled cross‐over dietary intervention encompassing 4 weeks of 4 daily servings of dairy (whole milk, cheese, or yogurt) and 4 weeks of a daily isocaloric non‐dairy control (coconut milk, orange juice, peanuts, and applesauce) provided by investigators. A 2‐week washout period was incorporated between the two dietary conditions to remove any residual effects. Body weight did not change throughout the experimental period. Brachial artery flow‐mediated dilation, an index of endothelium‐dependent vasodilation, did not change significantly in either dairy (5.7 ± 0.5 vs. 5.4 ± 0.6%) or control (6.5 ± 0.5 vs. 5.6 ± 0.6%) conditions. Central arterial stiffness, as measured by carotid‐femoral pulse wave velocity, did not change significantly following either dairy (11.3 ± 0.3 vs. 10.9 ± 0.3 m/sec) or control (11.2 ± 0.3 vs. 11.0 ± 0.3 m/sec) conditions. When arterial stiffness was assessed using ultrasound‐derived distention measures, including carotid artery compliance, arterial distensibility, and elastic modulus (preliminary samples of n=37), the results were the same as no significant changes were recorded. Central arterial systolic blood pressure did not change significantly for both dairy (125 ± 1 vs. 122 ± 2 mmHg) and control (125 ± 1 vs. 123 ± 2 mmHg) conditions. These results suggest that unlike non‐fat dairy products, addition of wholefat dairy products to the normal diet do not improve vascular function in adults with elevated blood pressure.
Effects of whole milk and full-fat dairy products on blood pressure in patients with elevated blood pressure$$$ We have previously demonstrated that the solitary addition of nonfat dairy products to the normal routine diet was capable of lowering blood pressure. Currently, it is not known if whole milk and full‐fat dairy products could exert similar effects as most of the available cohort studies reported no association between full‐fat dairy products and blood pressure. Therefore, the purpose of the study was to determine the efficacy of conventional full‐fat dairy products as part of the normal routine diet for reducing blood pressure in otherwise healthy adults with elevated blood pressure. After a 2‐week run‐in period, 35 subjects (13 men and 22 women) with pre‐ or stage I hypertension underwent a randomized controlled cross‐over dietary intervention trial encompassing 4 servings of dairy (whole milk, cheese, or yogurt) per day and 4 weeks of an isocaloric non‐dairy control (coconut milk, orange juice, peanuts, and applesauce) per day. All the dairy products as well as isocaloric non‐dairy products were provided in daily packages by the investigators. Two weeks of washout period was inserted between the dietary conditions. Body weight did not change throughout the experimental period. Casual (office) systolic blood pressure decreased slightly but significantly in both the dairy (135±1 vs. 131±2 mmHg) and the control (136±2 vs.133±2 mmHg) conditions. There were no significant changes in casual diastolic or mean blood pressure. Ambulatory (24 hour) systolic blood pressure did not change significantly in both dairy (131±2 vs. 130±2 mmHg) and control (131±3 vs. 129±2 mmHg) conditions. Similarly, daytime and nighttime blood pressure did not change significantly in both conditions. These data suggest that unlike non‐fat milk and non‐fat dairy products, whole milk and full‐fat dairy products added to the normal routine diet did not exert hypotensive effects in patients with elevated blood pressure.
Effect on blood lipids of two daily servings of Camembert cheese. An intervention trial in mildly hypercholesterolemic subjects$$$ As a concentrated source of saturated fat, cheese consumption is considered to be associated with increased cholesterolemia and generally forbidden in dietary guidelines for adults with hypercholesterolemia. The aim of this study was to evaluate the impact of saturated fatty acids on lipid parameters and blood pressure with regards to different types of dairy products: Camembert and full‐fat yoghurt. One‐hundred and fifty‐nine moderate hypercholesterolemic subjects without treatment were instructed to consume two full‐fat yoghurts (2 × 125 g) per day for 3 weeks (run‐in period) and then for a further period of 5 weeks, either two full‐fat yoghurts or two 30 g servings of Camembert cheese per day. We observed that over the 5‐week daily consumption of two servings of Camembert cheese, blood pressure and serum lipids did not change in moderate hypercholesterolemic subjects. These results suggest that fermented cheese such as Camembert could be consumed daily without affecting serum lipids or blood pressure.
Kefir consumption does not alter plasma lipid levels or cholesterol fractional synthesis rates relative to milk in hyperlipidemic men: a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Fermented milk products have been shown to affect serum cholesterol concentrations in humans. Kefir, a fermented milk product, has been traditionally consumed for its potential health benefits but has to date not been studied for its hypocholesterolemic properties. METHODS: Thirteen healthy mildly hypercholesterolemic male subjects consumed a dairy supplement in randomized crossover trial for 2 periods of 4 wk each. Subjects were blinded to the dairy supplement consumed. Blood samples were collected at baseline and after 4 wk of supplementation for measurement of plasma total, low‐density lipoprotein, and high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglyceride concentrations, as well as fatty acid profile and cholesterol synthesis rate. Fecal samples were collected at baseline and after 2 and 4 wk of supplementation for determination of fecal short chain fatty acid level and bacterial content. RESULTS: Kefir had no effect on total cholesterol, low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol, high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol or triglyceride concentrations nor on cholesterol fractional synthesis rates after 4 wk of supplementation. No significant change on plasma fatty acid levels was observed with diet. However, both kefir and milk increased (p < 0.05) fecal isobutyric, isovaleric and propionic acids as well as the total amount of fecal short chain fatty acids. Kefir supplementation resulted in increased fecal bacterial content in the majority of the subjects. CONCLUSIONS: Since kefir consumption did not result in lowered plasma lipid concentrations, the results of this study do not support consumption of kefir as a cholesterol‐lowering agent.
Effects of 12-Week Ingestion of Yogurt Containing Lactobacillus plantarum OLL2712 on Glucose Metabolism and Chronic Inflammation in Prediabetic Adults: a Randomized Placebo-Controlled Trial$$$ The ingestion of Lactobacillus plantarum OLL2712 (OLL2712) cells improved glucose metabolism by suppressing chronic inflammation in mouse models and in a preliminary clinical study. We aimed to clarify the effect of OLL2712 on glucose metabolism and chronic inflammation for healthy adults. Prediabetic adults (n = 130, age range: 20‐64 years) were randomly assigned to either the placebo or OLL2712 groups (n = 65 each) and were administered conventional yogurt or yogurt containing more than 5 × 109 heat‐treated OLL2712 cells, respectively, daily for 12 weeks. Reduced HbA1c levels after 12 weeks of treatment were observed in both groups compared to those at baseline$$$ however, the 12‐week reduction of HbA1c levels was significantly greater in the OLL2712 group than in the placebo group. Increased chronic inflammation marker levels and insulin‐resistant index (HOMA‐IR) occurred in the placebo group but not in the OLL2712 group. Fasting blood glucose (FBG) levels did not change significantly in both groups$$$ however, in subgroup analyses including participants with higher FBG levels, FBG levels were significantly reduced only in the OLL2712 group compared to baseline. These results suggest that OLL2712 cell ingestion can reduce HbA1c levels and can prevent the aggravation of chronic inflammation and insulin resistance.
The effects of probiotic bacteria on glycaemic control in overweight men and women: a randomised controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Evidence from animal and in vitro models suggest a role of probiotic bacteria in improving glycaemic control and delaying the onset of type 2 diabetes. However, the evidence from controlled trials in humans is limited. The objective was to determine if the probiotic bacteria L. acidophilus La5 and B. animalis subsp lactis Bb12, supplemented in a whole food (yoghurt) or isolated (capsules) form, can improve biomarkers of glycaemic control. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Following a 3‐week washout period, 156 overweight men and women over 55 years (mean age: 67 ± 8 years$$$ mean body mass index (31 ± 4 kg/m(2)) were randomized to a 6‐week double‐blinded parallel study. The four intervention groups were: (A) probiotic yoghurt plus probiotic capsules$$$ (B) probiotic yoghurt plus placebo capsules$$$ (C) control milk plus probiotic capsules$$$ and (D) control milk plus placebo capsules. Outcome measurements, including fasting glucose, insulin, glycated haemoglobin and Homoeostasis Model Assessment of Insulin Resistance (HOMA‐IR), were performed at baseline and week 6. RESULTS: Relative to the milk‐control group, probiotic yoghurt resulted in a significantly higher HOMA‐IR (0.32 ± 0.15, P=0.038), but did not have a significant effect on the other three measures of glycaemic control (P>0.05). Relative to placebo capsules, probiotic capsules resulted in a significantly higher fasting glucose (0.15 ± 0.07 mmol/l, P=0.037), with no significant effect on the other three measures of glycaemic control (P>0.05). Further analyses did not identify other variables as contributing to these adverse findings. CONCLUSIONS: Data from this study does not support the hypothesis that L. acidophilus La5 and B. animalis subsp lactis Bb12, either in isolated form or as part of a whole food, benefit short‐term glycaemic control. Indeed, there is weak data for an adverse effect of these strains on glucose homoeostasis.
Dietary intakes of formula-fed infants consuming a meat-or dairy-based complementary diet: a semi-controlled feeding trial$$$ Objective High protein intake from infant formula has been associated with rapid weight gain and increased adiposity, but the effect of type of protein from complementary foods has not been prospectively evaluated. Previous research in adolescents and adults suggest that protein source might play an important role in weight and adiposity regulation. We tested the impact of a complementary diet with protein source from meats or dairy foods in formula‐fed infants. Methods Healthy, term formula‐fed (breastfed ≤1 month) infants are recruited from metro Denver area. Participants were randomized to a meat‐based complementary diet group (MEAT), or a dairy‐based complementary diet group (DAIRY) from 6 to 12 months of age. Total protein intake (formula + meat or formula + dairy) goal is ∼3 g/kg/d, with protein intake from meat or dairy being adjusted monthly based on body weight and formula consumption. Caregivers were provided an individualized diet plan of approximate daily amounts of study foods for the participants to consume. Protein‐based food (meat purees, infant yogurt, cheese, whey protein supplement) and a standard, cow‐milk based formula were provided. Intakes of formula, infant cereal, fruits and vegetables were ad libitum. Three‐day diet records were completed at 5, 10, and 12 months of age. Results To date, 33 infants have completed the trial (17 MEAT, 16 DAIRY). There were no differences between groups for birth weight, gestational age or maternal BMI. At baseline (5 months), protein intake was comparable between the two feeding groups (MEAT: 1.9 ± 0.4 g/kg/d$$$ DAIRY: 2.1 ± 0.4 g/kg/d, P = 0.45). Total protein intake increased during the intervention to 3.2±0.9 g/kg/d and 3.4±1.1 g/kg/d at 10 and 12 months of age, respectively (∼15% of energy at both time points), without group difference. Formula provided >80% of total protein intake and meat‐ or dairy‐based complementary foods contributed to less than 5% at baseline. At 10 months, formula provided an average of 28% protein intake and meat‐ or dairy‐based foods provided an average of 65% for both groups. Caloric intake (kcal/kg/d) did not differ over time or between groups at baseline (MEAT: 85 ± 17, DAIRY: 96 ± 16), 10 months (MEAT: 86 ± 22$$$ DAIRY: 90 ± 27), or 12 months (MEAT: 96 ± 25$$$ DAIRY: 100 ± 24). Individual amino acid intakes between the two diet groups were also calculated. Leucine intake was comparable between groups at baseline (MEAT: 1.3 ± 0.3g/d$$$ DAIRY: 1.5 ± 0.3 g/d). At 12 months, MEAT (3.5 ± 1.0 g/d) had a greater leucine intake compared with DAIRY (2.6 ± 0.5 g/d, group‐by‐time interaction P = 0.01). Similar patterns of intake occurred for isoleucine and valine. Conclusions Consuming ∼3g/kg/d of total protein with meat or dairy as the main source in solid foods is feasible in 6‐12 months old formula‐fed infants. Protein source or increased quantity did not appear to alter total caloric intake but does alter profile of branch chain amino acids, which may have implications for growth and metabolic outcomes.
Impact of low-fat and full-fat dairy foods on fasting lipid profile and blood pressure: exploratory endpoints of a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Dietary guidelines traditionally recommend low‐fat dairy because dairy's high saturated fat content is thought to promote cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, emerging evidence indicates that dairy fat may not negatively impact CVD risk factors when consumed in foods with a complex matrix. OBJECTIVE: The aim was to compare the effects of diets limited in dairy or rich in either low‐fat or full‐fat dairy on CVD risk factors. METHODS: In this randomized controlled trial, 72 participants with metabolic syndrome completed a 4‐wk run‐in period, limiting their dairy intake to ≤3 servings/wk of nonfat milk. Participants were then randomly assigned to 1 of 3 diets, either continuing the limited‐dairy diet or switching to a diet containing 3.3 servings/d of either low‐fat or full‐fat milk, yogurt, and cheese for 12 wk. Exploratory outcome measures included changes in the fasting lipid profile and blood pressure. RESULTS: In the per‐protocol analysis (n = 66), there was no intervention effect on fasting serum total, LDL, and HDL cholesterol$$$ triglycerides$$$ free fatty acids$$$ or cholesterol content in 38 isolated plasma lipoprotein fractions (P > 0.1 for all variables in repeated‐measures ANOVA). There was also no intervention effect on diastolic blood pressure, but a significant intervention effect for systolic blood pressure (P = 0.048), with a trend for a decrease in the low‐fat dairy diet (‐1.6 ± 8.6 mm Hg) compared with the limited‐dairy diet (+2.5 ± 8.2 mm Hg) in post hoc testing. Intent‐to‐treat results were consistent for all endpoints, with the exception that systolic blood pressure became nonsignificant (P = 0.08). CONCLUSIONS: In men and women with metabolic syndrome, a diet rich in full‐fat dairy had no effects on fasting lipid profile or blood pressure compared with diets limited in dairy or rich in low‐fat dairy. Therefore, dairy fat, when consumed as part of complex whole foods, does not adversely impact these classic CVD risk factors. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02663544.
Benefits of human breast milk bank$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: fortified pasteurized donor human milk (PDHM): After counselling, checking suitability for donation and written informed consent, the donor will be sent to the breast milk collection area where breast milk will be collected under supervision of trained staff nurse with hygienic precautions by breastmilk pump. Raw breast milk will be refrigerated immediately. Breast milk from multiple donors will be pooled to ease processing and storage. Donor milk will be pasteurized at the recommended temperature of 62.5ÂºC for a period of 30 minutes (Pretoria Holder pasteurization method). Microbiological screening of donor milk will be done as soon as possible after pasteurization. The PDHM will be kept in dedicated freezer. Frozen PDHM would be thawed before administering to the neonate. After obtaining informed consent from the parents, neonates satisfying the inclusion criteria will be randomized prior to starting enteral feeds into two groups using computer generated random numbers kept in opaque sealed envelopes. Infants will be assessed for eligibility and randomization within 24 hrs of life. Aseptic precautions will be taken during fortification with PDHM and for fortification, a commercial human milk fortifier[Lactodex HMF, Raptakos Brett, Composition of HMF (per 2g sachet to be mixed in 50 mL EBM) protein â?? 0.2 g, fat â?? 0.1 g, carbohydrate â?? 1.2 g, vitamin A â??730 i.u, vitamin D â?? 250 i.u, calcium â?? 50 mg, phosphate â?? 25 mg, sodium â?? 1.75 mg and energey â?? 6.5 kcal] will be used. Feeds will be started and advanced according to standard NICU protocol. Nutritional supplements (Vitamin D, Calcium, Iron and Vitamin E) will be added in standard doses once full enteral feeding is achieved (100ml/kg/day). Neonates will be fed with orogastric/ nasogastric tube or paladai. Non Nutritive Sucking and Kangaroo mother care will be encouraged. Neonates in both the groups will receive their mothersâ?? own milk once it is available. Feeds will be advanced CONDITION: preterm neonates PRIMARY OUTCOME: incidence of Necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC)‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 0‐28 days SECONDARY OUTCOME: severity of NEC, incidence of sepsis, mortality, duration of hospital stay, number of days to full enteral feeds and weight gain‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 0‐ 28 days INCLUSION CRITERIA: PDHM will be prescribed on priority for intramural and extramural neonates admitted in JIPMER: â?¢ preterm and sick babies â?¢ babies of mothers with postpartum illnesses â?¢ babies whose mothers have lactation failure, till their mothersâ?? milk output improves. â?¢ only neonates of adult mothers will be included Others: â?¢ Abandoned neonates â?¢ temporary interruption of breastfeeding â?¢ babies whose mother died in the immediate postpartum period
Long-term consumption of fermented dairy products over 6 months increases HDL cholesterol$$$ OBJECTIVE: Assessment of the hypocholesterolaemic effect of yoghurt supplemented with Lactobacillus acidophilus 145 and Bifidobacterium longum 913 in women. DESIGN: The cross‐over study consisted of three periods (7 weeks each): first period, control yoghurt for all 29 women$$$ second period, probiotic yoghurt for 18 women, control yoghurt for 11 women$$$ third period, the reverse of that in the second period. SETTING: Department of Nutritional Physiology, Institute of Nutritional Science, Friedrich Schiller University, Jena. SUBJECTS: Twenty‐nine healthy women, aged 19‐56 y. Fifteen of these were normocholesterolaemic and 14 women were hypercholesterolaemic. INTERVENTION: Yoghurt (300 g) daily containing 3.5% fat and starter cultures of Streptococcus thermophilus and L. lactis. Probiotic yoghurt was the control yoghurt enriched with L. acidophilus 145, B. longum 913 and 1% oligofructose (synbiotic). RESULTS: The mean serum concentration of total cholesterol and the LDL cholesterol was not influenced by the synbiotic (P>0.05). The HDL concentration increased significantly by 0.3 mmol/l (P=0.002). The ratio of LDL/HDL cholesterol decreased from 3.24 to 2.48 (P=0.001). CONCLUSIONS: The long‐term daily consumption of 300 g yoghurt over a period of 21 weeks (control and synbiotic) increased the serum concentration of HDL cholesterol and lead to the desired improvement of the LDL/HDL cholesterol ratio.
EFFECT OF SUN-DRIED TOMATO POWDER ON BLOOD SUGAR LEVEL AND fat LEVELS in TYPE-II DIABETES MELLITUS people$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Sun dried tomato powder mixed with tepid water and 1 table spoon of cow ghee: Tomatoes harvested after 70 days of planting will be used for preparing the powder. Tomatoes will be thoroughly washed and chopped into 4mm‐thick slices longitudinally. These will be sun‐dried for 10 days, with around 8 hours of direct sunlight every day. Once the tomatoes are sun‐dried after 10 days, they will be grinded and powdered. The patient will take the 25‐gm powder, 100 ml of tepid water, and a teaspoon of cow ghee every morning on an empty stomach for 60 days. Control Intervention1: tepid water and cow ghee: 100 ml tepid water and table spoon of cow ghee for 60 days in empty stomach CONDITION: Health Condition 1: E119‐ Type 2 diabetes mellitus without complications PRIMARY OUTCOME: 1 To assess the Fasting blood sugar $$$ 2 To assess the Post prandial blood sugar $$$ 3 To assess glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) $$$ $$$ Timepoint: Pre‐data will be taken one day before the $$$ first day of intervention. Post‐data will be taken 1 day after the 60th day of intervention. $$$ $$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: To assess the Lipid ProfileTimepoint: Pre‐data will be taken one day before the $$$ first day of intervention. Post‐data will be taken 1 day after the 60th day of intervention. $$$ $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: The following inclusion criteria will be the basis for selecting subjects 1. Both Males and Females 2. Subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus meeting the American Diabetic Association diagnostic criteria and those who are on oral anti diabetic therapy(34) 3. Age: 30 to 60 years(36) 4. Dyslipidemia subjects who fulfill the diagnostic criteria of dyslipidemia with or without medication
Use of dairy products, lactose, and calcium and risk of ovarian cancer - results from a Danish case-control study$$$ BACKGROUND: A number of epidemiological studies have examined the association between use of dairy products and risk of ovarian cancer, but results are conflicting. Using data from a large Danish population‐based case‐control study we here further examined the association between dairy consumption, lactose, and calcium and risk of overall ovarian cancer and histological types of ovarian cancer. MATERIAL AND METHODS: In the period 1995‐1999 we included 554 women with epithelial ovarian cancer and 1554 randomly selected age‐matched controls (35‐79 years). All women participated in a detailed personal interview that included questions about dairy consumption. Data were analysed using multiple logistic regression models. RESULTS: Total dairy intake was associated with ovarian cancer risk (OR = 1.11$$$ 95% CI: 1.07‐1.15 per 100 ml/day). The association was strongest for milk [OR = 1.14$$$ 95% CI: 1.03‐1.27 per glass (200 ml)/day], soured milk products [OR = 1.49$$$ 95% CI: 1.22‐1.81 per portion (250 ml)/day] and yoghurt [OR = 1.65$$$ 95% CI: 1.22‐2.23 per portion (250 ml)/day]. In contrast, intake of cheese was associated with a decreased risk [OR = 0.70$$$ 95% CI: 0.55‐0.89 for > 1 portion (100 ml)/day compared with no intake]. Intake of lactose, but not calcium, was also associated with an increased ovarian cancer risk (OR = 1.24$$$ 95% CI: 1.10‐1.40 per 10 g of lactose/day). Similar risk patterns were observed for the different histological types of ovarian cancer, indicating virtually identical aetiologies with regard to dairy intake, lactose, and calcium. CONCLUSIONS: Our results indicate that intake of dairy products is associated with a modest increased risk of ovarian cancer. In addition, ovarian cancer development was associated with lactose intake.
Effects of high-protein diet combined with exercise to counteract frailty in pre-frail and frail community-dwelling older adults: study protocol for a three-arm randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: The proportion of older citizens is increasing worldwide. A well‐known syndrome in old age is physical frailty which is associated with a greater risk of disabilities in activities of daily living, greater reliance on in‐home services, hospitalization, institutionalization, and premature mortality. The purpose of this study is to determine the effects of an intervention with high‐protein diet alone or in combination with power training in pre‐frail and frail old adults. Methods: The study is a community‐based assessor‐blinded parallel randomized controlled trial (RCT), consisting of two phases. Phase 1 is a 1‐month stabilization phase, where self‐reliant community‐dwelling adults + 80 years old will receive individual guidance regarding protein intake, to prevent the risk of negative protein balance prior to phase 2 and to only include participants who have reached the minimum recommended level of protein intake (1.0 g/kg/day) in the randomized controlled trial. Phase 2 is a 4‐month RCT where 150 participants will be randomized into the following three arms: protein‐only where participants will be provided with dairy products to increase their protein intake to 1.5 g/kg/day, protein + exercise where participants will be provided with the protein intervention in combination with power training two times a week, and recommendation group where participants will continue as in phase 1. Primary outcome is lower leg muscle power. Secondary outcomes include physical function and mobility, frailty status, muscle mechanical function, body composition, nutritional status, and health‐related quality of life. The statistical analysis will include an intention‐to‐treat analysis of all randomized participant and per‐protocol analysis of all compliant participants. The study hypothesis will be tested with mixed linear models to assess changes in the main outcomes over time and between study arms. Discussion: The finding of this study may add to the knowledge about the beneficial effects of high‐protein diet from dairy products combined with power training to counteract frailty in community‐dwelling older adults. This may ultimately have an impact on the ability to live well and independent for longer. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT03842579. Registered on 15 February 2019, version 1
Heat-treated colostrum and reduced morbidity in preweaned dairy calves: results of a randomized trial and examination of mechanisms of effectiveness$$$ A randomized controlled clinical trial was conducted using 1,071 newborn calves from 6 commercial dairy farms in Minnesota and Wisconsin, with the primary objective being to describe the effects of feeding heat‐treated colostrum on serum immunoglobulin G concentration and health in the preweaning period. A secondary objective was to complete a path analysis to identify intermediate factors that may explain how feeding heat‐treated colostrum reduced the risk for illness. On each farm, colostrum was collected each day, pooled, and divided into 2 aliquots$$$ then, one aliquot was heat‐treated in a commercial batch pasteurizer at 60degreeC for 60. min. Samples of fresh and heat‐treated colostrum were collected for standard microbial culture (total plate count and total coliform count, cfu/mL) and for measurement of immunoglobulin G concentrations (mg/mL). Newborn calves were removed from the dam, generally within 30 to 60. min of birth, and systematically assigned to be fed 3.8. L of either fresh (FR, n = 518) or heat‐treated colostrum (HT, n = 553) within 2. h of birth. Venous blood samples were collected from calves between 1 and 7. d of age for measurement of serum IgG concentrations (mg/mL). All treatment and mortality events were recorded by farm staff between birth and weaning. Regression models found that serum IgG concentrations were significantly higher in calves fed HT colostrum (18.0 + 1.5. mg/mL) compared with calves fed FR colostrum (15.4 + 1.5. mg/ml). Survival analysis using Cox proportional hazards regression indicated a significant increase in risk for a treatment event (any cause) in calves fed FR colostrum (36.5%, hazard ratio = 1.25) compared with calves fed HT colostrum (30.9%). In addition, we observed a significant increase in risk for treatment for scours in calves fed FR colostrum (20.7%, hazard ratio = 1.32) compared with calves fed HT colostrum (16.5%). Path analysis suggested that calves fed HT colostrum were at lower risk for illness because the heat‐treatment process caused a significant reduction in colostrum total coliform count, which was associated with a reduced risk for illness as a function of improved serum IgG concentrations. 2012 American Dairy Science Association.
Effects of kefir or milk supplementation on zonulin in overweight subjects$$$ Increased intestinal permeability has been shown to be involved in several diseases associated with low‐grade chronic inflammation, including obesity and metabolic syndrome. In the last decade, growing evidence shows the beneficial effects of probiotic‐containing food supplementation on these conditions. In this crossover intervention study on 28 asymptomatic overweight adults, we tested the effects of a 3‐wk kefir supplementation compared with a 3‐wk milk supplementation on serum zonulin levels. The effects on serum glucose, triacylglycerols, low‐density lipoproteins, high‐density lipoproteins, total cholesterol, markers of inflammation (C‐reactive protein and adiponectin), anthropometric variables, mood, and appetite were also determined. Kefir supplementation resulted in a greater improvement of serum zonulin levels (F = 6.812, η2 = 0.275), whereas a significant yet similar improvement in lipid profile and serum glucose levels was found in both supplementations. Positive mood was slightly but significantly enhanced with kefir supplementation, and reduced with milk supplementation. The C‐reactive protein, adiponectin, and appetite were unaffected. In conclusion, supplementation with both dairy products had health beneficial effects, but only kefir showed an effect on the intestinal barrier dysfunction marker.
Moderate aged wine consumption induces displacement of unhealthy foods in the usual diet in high casrdiovascular risk males$$$ Introduction: Previous studies have suggested that moderate consumption of alcoholic beverages, wine in particular, has beneficial effects on the cardiovascular system. The possible protective mechanisms of alcoholic beverages may due to the alcohol component (ethanol), non‐alcoholic products containing mainly polyphenols, or both. Wine consumption can also be associated with a high adherence to a traditional Mediterranean diet (MD) with reduced incidence of coronary heart disease and mortality. Although wine is energy‐dense, there is no evidence that its regular consumption results in weight gain. Objectives: To study the hypothesis that regular alcohol consumption (Andalusian white wine, AWW) would not induce weight gain by displacing other high‐energy foods from the diet. Methods: We embarked on a randomized crossover feeding trial with 40 male subjects at high cardiovascular risk. All subjects received 0.30g of alcohol/kg/day in the form of AWW or gin. The subjects did not receive any recipes or advice to change the diet. Throughout the trial we assessed changes in dietary intake (3‐day food records), physical activity and body weight. Results: The trial was completed by 95% of participants. The mean consumption was 255ml AWW and 92 ml gin. At the end of the intervention, energy intake increased by a mean of 212 kcal (p=0.002) in AWW and 242kcal/d (p=0.003) in gin consumers. However, body weight only changed by a mean of 0.28kg in AWW vs. 0.29kg in gin (p=0.248$$$ p=0.116). There were no statistically significant between‐group differences in changes of physical activity. The AWW intervention significantly reduced consumption of fast food (p=0.013) and high‐fat fermented dairy products (p=0.029) and increased pulses (p=0.034) compared to gin. However, the consumption of vegetables increased (p=0.046) after gin intake. On the other hand, both interventions significantly reduced the consumption of sweet foods (p=0.031$$$ p=0.040, respectively). Conclusions: The consumption of AWW does not lead to weight gain and induces the spontaneous displacement of unhealthy foods.
Kefir drink causes a significant yet similar improvement in serum lipid profile, compared with low-fat milk, in a dairy-rich diet in overweight or obese premenopausal women: a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Controversy exists as to whether the lipid‐lowering properties of kefir drink (a fermented probiotic dairy product) in animal models could be replicated in humans. OBJECTIVE: To assess and compare the potential lipid‐lowering effects of kefir drink with low‐fat milk in a dairy‐rich diet in overweight or obese premenopausal women. METHODS: In this 8‐week, single‐center, multiarm, parallel‐group, outpatient, randomized controlled trial, 75 eligible Iranian women aged 25 to 45 years were randomly allocated to kefir, milk, or control groups. Women in the control group received a weight‐maintenance diet containing 2 servings/d of low‐fat dairy products, whereas subjects in the milk and kefir groups received a similar diet containing 2 additional servings/d (a total of 4 servings/d) of dairy products from low‐fat milk or kefir drink, respectively. At baseline and study end point, serum levels/ratios of total cholesterol (TC), low‐ and high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDLC and HDLC), triglyceride, Non‐HDLC, TC/HDLC, LDLC/HDLC, and triglyceride/LDLC were measured as outcome measures. RESULTS: After 8 weeks, subjects in the kefir group had significantly lower serum levels/ratios of lipoproteins than those in the control group (mean between‐group differences were ‐10.4 mg/dL, ‐9.7 mg/dL, ‐11.5 mg/dL, ‐0.4, and ‐0.3 for TC, LDLC, non‐HDLC, TC/HDLC, and LDLC/HDLC, respectively$$$ all P < .05). Similar results were observed in the milk group. However, no such significant differences were found between the kefir and milk groups. CONCLUSION: Kefir drink causes a significant yet similar improvement in serum lipid profile, compared with low‐fat milk, in a dairy‐rich diet in overweight or obese premenopausal women.
Kefir drink causes a significant yet similar improvement in serum lipid profile, compared with low-fat milk, in a dairy-rich diet in overweight or obese premenopausal women: a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background Controversy exists as to whether the lipid‐lowering properties of kefir drink (a fermented probiotic dairy product) in animal models could be replicated in humans. Objective To assess and compare the potential lipid‐lowering effects of kefir drink with low‐fat milk in a dairy‐rich diet in overweight or obese premenopausal women. Methods In this 8‐week, single‐center, multiarm, parallel‐group, outpatient, randomized controlled trial, 75 eligible Iranian women aged 25 to 45 years were randomly allocated to kefir, milk, or control groups. Women in the control group received a weight‐maintenance diet containing 2 servings/d of low‐fat dairy products, whereas subjects in the milk and kefir groups received a similar diet containing 2 additional servings/d (a total of 4 servings/d) of dairy products from low‐fat milk or kefir drink, respectively. At baseline and study end point, serum levels/ratios of total cholesterol (TC), low‐ and high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDLC and HDLC), triglyceride, Non‐HDLC, TC/HDLC, LDLC/HDLC, and triglyceride/LDLC were measured as outcome measures. Results After 8 weeks, subjects in the kefir group had significantly lower serum levels/ratios of lipoproteins than those in the control group (mean between‐group differences were −10.4 mg/dL, −9.7 mg/dL, −11.5 mg/dL, −0.4, and −0.3 for TC, LDLC, non‐HDLC, TC/HDLC, and LDLC/HDLC, respectively$$$ all P < .05). Similar results were observed in the milk group. However, no such significant differences were found between the kefir and milk groups. Conclusion Kefir drink causes a significant yet similar improvement in serum lipid profile, compared with low‐fat milk, in a dairy‐rich diet in overweight or obese premenopausal women.
Feasibility of repellent use in a context of increasing outdoor transmission: a qualitative study in rural Tanzania$$$ Background: Extensive employment of long‐lasting insecticidal nets (LLINs) and indoor residual spraying (IRS) has substantially reduced malaria morbidity and mortality in sub‐Saharan Africa. These tools target indoor resting and biting vectors, and may select for vectors that bite and rest outdoors. Thus, to significantly impact this residual malaria transmission outdoors, tools targeting outdoor transmission are required. Repellents, used for personal protection, offer one solution. However, the effectiveness of this method hinges upon its community acceptability. This study assessed the feasibility of using repellents as a malaria prevention tool in Mbingu village, Ulanga, Southern Tanzania. Methodology: Change in knowledge, attitude and practice (KAP) in relation to repellent use was assessed before and after the implementation of a cluster randomized clinical trial on topical repellents in rural Tanzania where repellent and placebo lotion were provided free of charge to 940 households for a period of 14 months between July 2009 and August 2010. Compliance, defined as the number of evenings that participants applied the recommended dose of repellent every month during the study period, was assessed using questionnaires, administered monthly during follow up of participants in the clinical trial. Focus group discussions (FGDs) were conducted in the same community three years later to assess the community's KAP in relation to repellents and preference to different repellent formats. Results: At baseline, only 0.32% (n = 2) households in the intervention arm and no households in the control arm had ever used topical repellents. During follow‐up surveys, significantly more households, 100% (n = 457) in intervention arm relative to the control, 84.03% (n = 379), (p = <0.001) perceived the repellent to be effective. Post‐study, 99.78% (n = 462) and 99.78% (n = 463), (p = 0.999) in the intervention and control arms respectively, were willing to continue repellent use. Mosquito nuisance motivated repellent use. From the FGDs, it emerged that most respondents preferred bed nets to repellents because of their longevity and cost effectiveness. Conclusion: High repellent acceptability indicates their feasibility for malaria control in this community. However, to improve the community's uptake of repellents for use complimentary to LLINs for early evening and outdoor protection from mosquito bites, longer lasting and cheap formats are required.
Vaginal progesterone reduces the rate of preterm birth in women with a sonographic short cervix: a multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial$$$ OBJECTIVES: Women with a sonographic short cervix in the mid‐trimester are at increased risk for preterm delivery. This study was undertaken to determine the efficacy and safety of using micronized vaginal progesterone gel to reduce the risk of preterm birth and associated neonatal complications in women with a sonographic short cervix. METHODS: This was a multicenter, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial that enrolled asymptomatic women with a singleton pregnancy and a sonographic short cervix (10‐20 mm) at 19 + 0 to 23 + 6 weeks of gestation. Women were allocated randomly to receive vaginal progesterone gel or placebo daily starting from 20 to 23 + 6 weeks until 36 + 6 weeks, rupture of membranes or delivery, whichever occurred first. Randomization sequence was stratified by center and history of a previous preterm birth. The primary endpoint was preterm birth before 33 weeks of gestation. Analysis was by intention to treat. RESULTS: Of 465 women randomized, seven were lost to follow‐up and 458 (vaginal progesterone gel, n=235$$$ placebo, n=223) were included in the analysis. Women allocated to receive vaginal progesterone had a lower rate of preterm birth before 33 weeks than did those allocated to placebo (8.9% (n=21) vs 16.1% (n=36)$$$ relative risk (RR), 0.55$$$ 95% CI, 0.33‐0.92$$$ P=0.02). The effect remained significant after adjustment for covariables (adjusted RR, 0.52$$$ 95% CI, 0.31‐0.91$$$ P=0.02). Vaginal progesterone was also associated with a significant reduction in the rate of preterm birth before 28 weeks (5.1% vs 10.3%$$$ RR, 0.50$$$ 95% CI, 0.25‐0.97$$$ P=0.04) and 35 weeks (14.5% vs 23.3%$$$ RR, 0.62$$$ 95% CI, 0.42‐0.92$$$ P=0.02), respiratory distress syndrome (3.0% vs 7.6%$$$ RR, 0.39$$$ 95% CI, 0.17‐0.92$$$ P=0.03), any neonatal morbidity or mortality event (7.7% vs 13.5%$$$ RR, 0.57$$$ 95% CI, 0.33‐0.99$$$ P=0.04) and birth weight < 1500 g (6.4% (15/234) vs 13.6% (30/220)$$$ RR, 0.47$$$ 95% CI, 0.26‐0.85$$$ P=0.01). There were no differences in the incidence of treatment‐related adverse events between the groups. CONCLUSIONS: The administration of vaginal progesterone gel to women with a sonographic short cervix in the mid‐trimester is associated with a 45% reduction in the rate of preterm birth before 33 weeks of gestation and with improved neonatal outcome.
Effect on growth of exposure to maternal antiretroviral therapy in breastmilk versus extended infant nevirapine prophylaxis among HIV-exposed perinatally uninfected infants in the PROMISE randomized trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Malnutrition is highly prevalent in HIV‐exposed perinatally uninfected infants (HEUs) increasing the risk of morbidity and mortality throughout the life course. We set out to compare the effect of postnatal exposure to maternal antiretroviral therapy (mART) in breastmilk versus infant Nevirapine prophylaxis (iNVP) on somatic growth of HEUs in the randomized PROMISE trial. METHODS AND FINDINGS: We randomized 2431 mothers with HIV and their 2444 HEUs from six African countries and India 6‐14 days after delivery to mART or iNVP for prevention of breastmilk HIV transmission. The mART regimen contained tenofovir/emtricitabine (99%) plus lopinavir/ritonavir. Infant growth parameters were compared at postnatal week 10, 26, 74 and 104 using World Health Organization (WHO) z‐scores for length‐for‐age (LAZ), weight‐for‐age (WAZ), and head circumference‐for‐age (HCAZ). Week 26 LAZ was the primary endpoint measure. Student T‐tests compared mean LAZ, WAZ, and HCAZ$$$ estimated mean and 95% confidence interval (CI) are presented. Maternal and infant baseline characteristics were comparable between study arms. The estimated median breastfeeding duration was 70 weeks. After a mean follow‐up of 88 weeks, mean LAZ and WAZ were below the WHO reference population mean at all timepoints, whereas mean HCAZ was not. The mART and iNVP arms did not differ for the primary outcome measure of LAZ at week 26 (p‐value = 0.39$$$ estimated mean difference (95%CI) of ‐0.05 (‐0.18, 0.07)) or any of the other secondary growth outcome measures or timepoints (all p‐values≥0.16). Secondary analyses of the primary outcome measure adjusting for week 0 LAZ and other covariates did not change these results (all p‐values≥0.09). However, infants assigned to mART were more likely to have stunting compared to iNVP infants at week 26 (odds ratio (95% CI): 1.28 (1.05, 1.57)). CONCLUSIONS: In HEUs, growth effects from postnatal exposure to mART compared to iNVP were comparable for measures on length, weight and head circumference with no clinically relevant differences between the groups. Despite breastfeeding into the second year of life, length and weight were below reference population means at all ages in both arms. Further investment is needed to optimize postnatal growth of infants born to women with HIV. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov number NCT01061151.
Neoadjuvant and Adjuvant Therapy in Operable Pancreatic Cancer: both Honey and Milk (but No Bread?)$$$ Pancreatic cancer has a dismal prognosis. Resection is the best option for cure, supported by multimodal therapy to treat the systemic disease. While adjuvant therapy has become standard in those who are fit and who can tolerate the given regimen, the concept of perioperative (neoadjuvant) therapy is building momentum. The concepts of “borderline” and “locally advanced” have changed the previous dichotomized “resectable/non‐resectable” into subcategories for which new algorithms have emerged, with neoadjuvant therapy discussed both for upfront resectable pancreatic cancer, for those deemed borderline resectable, and as “induction or conversion” therapy for locally advanced disease. The purpose of this invited commentary is to discuss some of the changing paradigms in multimodal therapy for operable pancreatic cancer. The PREOPANC trial presented randomized data on the role of neoadjuvant therapy for resectable and borderline cancers, but new questions have emerged. The role of combination therapy in the preoperative setting is discussed in the light of this trial. FOLFIRINOX has emerged as the most potent treatment regimen in the metastatic and adjuvant setting, but with no level I data to support neoadjuvant use yet. Several trials are ongoing to arrive at the best answer.
Low-dose thiamine supplementation of lactating Cambodian mothers improves human milk thiamine concentrations: a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Infantile beriberi‐related mortality is still common in South and Southeast Asia. Interventions to increase maternal thiamine intakes, and thus human milk thiamine, are warranted$$$ however, the required dose remains unknown. OBJECTIVES: We sought to estimate the dose at which additional maternal intake of oral thiamine no longer meaningfully increased milk thiamine concentrations in infants at 24 wk postpartum, and to investigate the impact of 4 thiamine supplementation doses on milk and blood thiamine status biomarkers. METHODS: In this double‐blind, 4‐parallel arm randomized controlled dose‐response trial, healthy mothers were recruited in Kampong Thom, Cambodia. At 2 wk postpartum, women were randomly assigned to consume 1 capsule, containing 0, 1.2 (estimated average requirement), 2.4, or 10 mg of thiamine daily from 2 through 24 weeks postpartum. Human milk total thiamine concentrations were measured using HPLC. An Emax curve was plotted, which was estimated using a nonlinear least squares model in an intention‐to‐treat analysis. Linear mixed‐effects models were used to test for differences between treatment groups. Maternal and infant blood thiamine biomarkers were also assessed. RESULTS: In total, each of 335 women was randomly assigned to1 of the following thiamine‐dose groups: placebo (n = 83), 1.2 mg (n = 86), 2.4 mg (n = 81), and 10 mg (n = 85). The estimated dose required to reach 90% of the maximum average total thiamine concentration in human milk (191 µg/L) is 2.35 (95% CI: 0.58, 7.01) mg/d. The mean ± SD milk thiamine concentrations were significantly higher in all intervention groups (183 ± 91, 190 ± 105, and 206 ± 89 µg/L for 1.2, 2.4, and 10 mg, respectively) compared with the placebo group (153 ± 85 µg/L$$$ P < 0.0001) and did not significantly differ from each other. CONCLUSIONS: A supplemental thiamine dose of 2.35 mg/d was required to achieve a milk total thiamine concentration of 191 µg/L. However, 1.2 mg/d for 22 wk was sufficient to increase milk thiamine concentrations to similar levels achieved by higher supplementation doses (2.4 and 10 mg/d), and comparable to those of healthy mothers in regions without beriberi. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT03616288.
Clinical effect of imiquimod 5% cream in the treatment of actinic keratosis$$$ Background: Actinic keratosis (AK) is the earliest clinical manifestation of squamous cell carcinoma. Metastatic SCC causes the majority of the 1300 to 2300 deaths attributed to nonmelanoma skin cancer in the United States each year. Recent studies have shown that intralesional administration of interferon can be used successfully in the treatment of AK. Objective: Imiquimod is an immune response modifier, currently approved for the treatment of genital warts. The topically applied immune response modifier acts by up‐regulating interferon and other cytokines involved in the cell‐mediated immune response at the site of application. The aim of this was to determine the efficacy and safety of imiquimod 5% cream for the treatment of AK. Methods: Twenty‐two patients with AK lesions were treated with imiquimod 5% cream, initially at 3 times per week for 8 weeks, or until total clearance of lesions. Patients applied imiquimod to lesions on one side of the body and vehicle cream to the other side. A total of 17 patients who completed treatment were evaluated for number of lesions and adverse reactions before treatment and at weeks 2, 4, 6, and 8 after initiation of treatment. AK lesions were also assessed 4 and 8 weeks after treatment. Results: A significant reduction in the average number of lesions per patient was observed for patients treated with imiquimod. The most frequent reactions to treatment were erythema, itching, and scabbing$$$ however, all adverse events were mild to moderate. Conclusion: Imiquimod 5% cream may be a promising treatment for AK.
Comparative study of the therapeutic efficiency between imiquimod 5% cream and lotion based on polyphenols in the treatment of actinic keratosis$$$ Actinic keratosis (AK) presents as premalignant lesions confined to the epidermis, produced by ultraviolet rays, which can evolve to a highly metastatic cancer such as squamous cell carcinoma. Available treatments include surgical excision, criotherapy, chemicals peeling, phototherapy, retinoids, 5‐fluoruracil and imiquimod. Even though they achieve significant remission rates, it is also certain that they have the potential to provoke undesirable side effects. There are no reports in previous scientific studies about the use of polyphenols in pharmacological treatment of actinic keratosis. The main objective of this study was to compare the therapeutic efficiency between 5% imiquimod cream and a lotion based on polyphenols in actinic keratosis treatment. For this a total of 56 patients were selected and assigned randomly to one of the following groups. Group I: received two three weeks cycles of a daily application of 5% Imiquimod cream with a 3 week resting period, + a daily application of sun protector during 16 weeks uninterrupted. Group II: received two daily applications of a 5% polyphenolic lotion during 16 weeks. Our results show that the polyphenolic lotion as efficient as imiquimod in the treatment of AK. The 30% of patients treated with imiquimod withdrew from treatment because of undesirable side effects$$$ instead polyphenol treatment was well tolerated by all patients. The polyphenolic preparation was well tolerated by all the patients. In conclusion polyphenols are a new and safe alternative in the treatment of AK.
Randomized clinical trial of the effect of a fixed or increasing milk allowance in the first 2 weeks of life on health and performance of dairy calves$$$ The objective of this study was to describe the effect of offering a fixed or increasing milk allowance in the first 1 to 2 wk of life. We hypothesized that calves offered a fixed amount of milk early in life would not experience more scours, but rather would experience improved health and growth compared with calves that had their daily milk allowance slowly increased over a period of 1 to 2 wk. This randomized controlled clinical trial was conducted on 5 dairy farms in Minnesota with both a summer (June‐August 2016) and winter (December‐February 2017) period of enrollment. Heifer calves were enrolled at birth, weighed, and systematically assigned by birth order to either the slowly increasing (INC) control group or fixed allowance (FIX) treatment group by farm personnel. Calves assigned to the INC group were slowly increased from 4 to 5 L/d to gradually reach the full peak milk allowance of 6 to 8 L/d over a 7‐ to 14‐d period, whereas calves assigned to the FIX group were offered a full peak milk allowance of 6 to 8 L/d beginning on d 1 after birth. The average FIX calf consumed an extra 14 L of milk as compared with INC calves over the first 2 wk of life, corresponding to an average INC intake of 5 L/d during first 1 to 2 wk of life as compared with an average intake of 6.8 L/d in FIX calves. Study technicians visited all farms weekly to collect health and performance data. Multivariable mixed models were used to describe the effect of treatment (INC/FIX) on 3‐wk average daily gain (kg/d), 3‐wk weight (kg), and hip height at wk 1, 3, and 7, controlling for the effect of season, birth weight, and the random effect of calf within farm. Multivariable logistic regression models were used to describe the effect of treatment on odds of technician and producer reported health events. A total of 1,264 heifer calves were enrolled (FIX n = 641$$$ INC n = 623) with no difference in enrollment weight or hip height between groups. By 3 wk of age, FIX calves weighed 1.4 (0.59) kg more than INC calves, though the magnitude of this difference varied depending on the period of time INC calves were slowly increased in milk allowance (7 vs. 10 vs. 14 d). Calves in the FIX group grew 0.1 kg/d faster and were taller at wk 3 (0.3 ± 0.15 cm) of life. Forty‐two percent (536/1,264) of all enrolled calves had a first treatment event, with no effect of treatment on technician‐reported health scores and no overall effect on producer‐reported treatment or mortality events. Under the conditions of this study, offering a fixed milk allowance from d 1 of life improved calf growth during the first 3 wk as compared with a gradual increase in milk allowance, with no detrimental effect on calf health.
Dairy augmentation of total and central fat loss in obese subjects$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: We have previously demonstrated an antiobesity effect of dietary Ca$$$ this is largely mediated by Ca suppression of calcitriol levels, resulting in reduced adipocyte intracellular Ca2+ and, consequently, a coordinated increase in lipid utilization and decrease in lipogenesis. Notably, dairy Ca is markedly more effective than other Ca sources. DESIGN: Obese subjects were placed on balanced deficit (‐500 kcal/day) diets and randomized to control (400‐500 mg Ca/day$$$ n = 16) or yogurt (1100 mg Ca/day$$$ n = 18) treatments for 12 weeks. Dietary macronutrients and fiber were held constant at the US average. MEASUREMENTS: Body weight, body fat and fat distribution (by dual‐energy X‐ray absorptiometry), blood pressure and circulating lipids were measured at baseline and after 12 weeks of intervention. RESULTS: Fat loss was markedly increased on the yogurt diet (‐4.43+/‐0.47 vs ‐2.75+/‐0.73 kg in yogurt and control groups$$$ P<0.005) while lean tissue loss was reduced by 31% on the yogurt diet. Trunk fat loss was augmented by 81% on the yogurt vs control diet (P<0.001), and this was reflected in a markedly greater reduction in waist circumference (‐3.99+/‐0.48 vs ‐0.58+/‐1.04 cm, P<0.001). Further, the fraction of fat lost from the trunk was higher on the yogurt diet vs control (P<0.005). CONCLUSION: Isocaloric substitution of yogurt for other foods significantly augments fat loss and reduces central adiposity during energy restriction..
Safety, efficacy, tolerability and pharmacokinetics of azithromycin plus piperaquine as a candidate for intermittent preventive treatment for malaria in pregnancy$$$ Malaria in pregnancy remains a major cause of maternal anaemia, low birthweight and increased perinatal mortality. One of the strategies used to improve obstetric outcome is intermittent preventive treatment of malaria in pregnancy (IPTp). The World Health Organization‐recommended IPTp is sulfadoxine‐pyrimethamine (SP) but the spread of SP‐resistant Plasmodium falciparum, and relatively short half‐lives of the component drugs has prompted investigation into alternative therapies. Azithromycin (AZI) is one antimalarial compound that has received recent consideration given its known safety during pregnancy and efficacy against other pathogens, including sexually transmitted infections. The present study investigated the combination of AZI plus PQ as a candidate for future IPTp. One hundred and fifty pregnant Papua New Guinean women (>14 weeks gestation) were recruited and randomised to receive either AZI+PQ (1 g AZI plus 960 mg PQ phosphate) daily for three days, or a single dose of SP (1,500 mg SDOX and 75 mg PYR$$$ current PNG IPTp regimen). Detailed follow‐up assessment was performed on Days 1, 2, 3, 4, 7, 14, 21, 28, 42 and time of delivery for efficacy, safety and tolerability outcomes. Each participant recruited into the intensive pharmacokinetic (PK) sampling protocol (first 30 women in AZI+PQ treatment group) were randomly assigned to 7 of 18 time points (1, 2, 3, 6, 12, 24, 32, 40, 48 and 72 h, and Days 4, 5, 7, 10, 14, 21, 28 and 42) over the 42 day study period. Breast milk samples (fore‐and hind‐milk) for drug assay were collected from all participants for 28 days after the establishment of lactation. This study reports the first investigation of AZI+PQ as candidate IPTp or for pregnant women. Preliminary data demonstrate a good safety, efficacy and tolerability profile for AZI+PQP. PK analysis of all drug assay samples will be performed using liquid chromatography mass spectrometry with population PK modelling of plasma concentration‐time data. The results of this study could have profound impacts on future IPTp regimens and women's health in malaria endemic regions.
Comparison of two regimens of artemetherlumefantrine for the treatment of uncomplicated plasmodium falciparum malaria in pregnant women in the democratic Republic of Congo$$$ Malaria in pregnancy is a major cause of maternal and newborn morbidity and mortality. Artemether‐lumefantrine (AL) is an effective 3‐day therapy, however its pharmacokinetic properties are altered in pregnancy resulting in reduced plasma concentrations. The aim of this study was to compare an extended regimen of AL to the standard one in a group of pregnant women (PG) and a control of non‐pregnant women (NP) with uncomplicated falciparum malaria. Ninety‐six patients were randomly allocated to 5‐day (extended) or 3‐day (standard) regimen. AL was administered DOT and with milk. Drug plasma concentrations were characterized for each patient. Therapeutic efficacy was assessed using the standard 42‐days WHO protocol. Tolerability and safety (including pregnancy outcomes) were also assessed. The maximum concentrations (Cmax) were significantly higher in the PG‐5d arm than the PG‐3d arm: 75 ng/mL (range 29 to 118) vs. 52 ng/mL (27 to 130), p=0.008. Similarly the median day 7 lumefantrine plasma level was higher in the PG‐5d arm, 1545 ng/mL (537 to 3650) vs. 597 ng/mL (216 to 928). The day‐42 efficacy, PCR unadjusted, was similar in the PG‐5d and PG‐3d arm, 90% vs. 91%. The 4 pregnant women with a recurrent episode of malaria had a day‐7 level of lumefantrine between 320 and 750 ng/mL. One patient only (PG‐3d) had a value below 280 ng/mL, the critical cut‐off predicting treatment failure. Results were comparable in the control group of non‐pregnant women. There were no hematological or biochemical abnormalities but more patients in the 5‐d regimen had GI symptoms. Active placental malaria at delivery was observed in 6 cases in the 3d arm and 3 in the 5d arm (p=0.02). Four neonatal deaths (unrelated to study treatment) were reported: 3 stillbirths in the 3d arm and 1 neonatal sepsis in the 5d arm. Thirty‐nine babies (87%) were followed‐up for 1 year and displayed a normal physical and neurological development. Further analyses are currently being performed. The extended regimen improved the exposure to lumefantrine in pregnancy with a good safety profile.
Comparison of oral, intravenous and subcutaneous fluid therapy for resuscitation of calves with diarrhea$$$ Neonatal diarrhea is a major source of economic loss to the cattle industry and the leading cause of calf mortality in most countries. The major goals of treatment are to correct dehydration, increase blood pH, restore electrolyte concentrations and provide nutritional support. It is quite possible that the use of oral electrolytes in calves with moderate dehydration and acidosis is of equal or perhaps even greater benefit than giving large volumes of fluids either intravenously or subcutaneously. The objective of this study was to compare the ability of a commercially available oral electrolyte solution (OES) alone or in combination with hypertonic saline in comparison to the administration of intravenous or subcutaneous fluid therapy to resuscitate calves with osmotic diarrhea. Thirty‐two Holstein bull calves 5‐27 days of age were used in this study. Calves were acclimated to their housing and normal diet for two days. Osmotic diarrhea and dehydration were induced by adding sucrose to the milk replacer. In addition, spironolactone and hydrochlorothiazide were given orally and furosemide intramuscularly three times per day. Clinical hydration scores, depression status, fecal consistency and body weight were recorded at each feeding period. Treatment was started when the calf had a hydration score of 2, depression score of 1 and fecal score of 3. Calves were randomly divided in four treatment groups of 8 calves each: 1) OES alone (mixed according to label directions)$$$ OES with hypertonic saline (4 mL/kg, IV)$$$ 3) intravenous fluids (LRS, 2 liters) or 4) subcutaneous fluid (LRS, 2 liters). Treatment was administered at 0 and 12 hours. Changes in plasma volume, acidbase status, electrolytes concentrations and physical examination parameters were recorded before fluid therapy and again at 1, 2, 4, 8, 12 hours after each treatment. Decreases in hematocrit, total protein, albumin concentration as well as increase in blood pH between time 0 and 2 were observed in all group. The oral electrolytes group showed greater increase of blood pH at time 1 and 2. All calves showed improvement of their hydration scores, plasma volume, attitude score and fecal score over the period of study. Fecal score did not appear to be affected by treatment. In conclusion, oral electrolytes with or without hypertonic saline appeared to be an excellent alternative for resuscitation of calves with moderate diarrhea and acidosis and often performed better than small volumes of IV or SC fluids.
555 THE EFFECTS OF 12-WEEK HOME-BASED EXERCISE TRAINING ON AEROBIC CAPACITY, MUSCLE MASS AND QUALITY OF LIFE IN PATIENTS WITH LIVER CIRRHOSIS: PRELIMINARY RESULTS OF RANDOMIZED CLINICAL TRIAL$$$ Background Physical inactivity, sarcopenia, and frailty are important predictors of morbidity and mortality in patients with cirrhosis. These patients often have limited function and reduced exercise tolerance. The benefit of exercise training is not yet well established in cirrhotic patients although it is a key recommendation for patients with other chronic diseases. The aim of this study is to prove the benefit of home‐based exercise in cirrhotic patients. Methods This is a randomized controlled study including cirrhotic patients with Child‐Pugh A. Patients were randomized to home‐based exercise training (HPET) (N=11) or control (standard of care, N=9) for 12 weeks. HPET include several aerobic and isometric high intensity interval trainings (keep 60‐80% of maximum HR). These were demonstrated by sport scientist. Heart rate, activities and calorie were recorded by Garmin watch. All patients received milk supplement (protein 9g/day) on the exercise day. The primary aim was to evaluate the changes in 6 minute‐walk test from baseline. Secondary aims were to determine the changes in thigh muscle thickness (measured by ultrasound), liver and splenic stiffness, and Chronic Liver Disease Questionnaire CLDQ. Results Total 20 cirrhotic patients(pts) were enrolled in this study. Mean age was 56(±8.2) years, male gender was 13 pts (65%), and mean BMI was 25.5(±2.9) kg/m2. All were Child‐Pugh A and chronic hepatitis B infection was the major cause of cirrhosis. Mean baseline 6‐minute walk test was 468(±64.9) m. Mean liver stiffness was 17.7(±10.9) kPa and mean splenic stiffness was 32(±24.1) kPa. Mean thigh muscle thickness was 1.7(±0.4) cm. Baseline characteristics of both groups were not different except CLDQ score was lower in control group. Thirteen pts (HPET group 8 pts and control group 5 pts) completed the protocol of this study. At the end of the study, the changes in 6‐minute walk test were not different between both groups. The liver stiffness showed significant improved in both groups$$$ however, it did not demonstrate the difference when compared between groups. Thigh muscle thickness was significantly increased in HPET group compared with control group. The total quality of life score were not significantly changed between 2 groups, but systemic symptoms subgroup had a trend to improve in exercise group. No adverse events occurred during home‐base exercise training Conclusion In a preliminary result, 12‐week home‐based exercise training is safe and effective intervention. Although it did not show any differences in the changes in 6‐minute walk test of both groups, it demonstrated the increased thigh muscle thickness in exercise patients. Moreover, it showed a trend toward improvement in systemic symptoms score in exercise group.
Thermogenesis, blood metabolites and hormones, and growth of lambs born to ewes supplemented with algae-derived docosahexaenoic acid$$$ Neonatal lamb mortality is a major factor affecting profitability in the sheep industry, and lamb thermogenesis is a key element in neonatal lamb survival. Increased lamb vigor has been reported when ewes were supplemented during late gestation with algae‐derived docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)$$$ however, the effects of DHA on lamb thermogenesis and immunocompetence have not been investigated. Eighty twin‐bearing Targhee ewes (ages 2 to 5 yr$$$ 68.5 ± 3 kg) were assigned randomly to 1 of 2 supplement treatments to determine the effects of feeding DHA to ewes during late gestation and early lactation on lamb thermogenesis, serum metabolites and hormones, and lamb growth. Supplement treatments were 12 g·ewe(‐1)·d(‐1) of algae‐derived DHA (DHA Gold Advanced Bionutrition Corp., Columbia, MD$$$ algae‐derived DHA)$$$ and no algae‐derived DHA (control). Supplements were individually fed daily during the last 30 d (±7 d) of gestation and pen fed (6 pens/treatment with 6 or 7 ewes/pen) during the first 38 d (±7 d) of lactation. One hour after lambing and before nursing, twin‐born lambs were weighed, blood sampled via jugular puncture, and placed in a dry cold chamber for 30 min (0°C), and rectal temperatures were recorded every minute for 30 min. Lambs were removed from the cold chamber, blood sampled, warmed for 15 min, and returned to their dam. Ewes were blood sampled, and colostrum samples were collected 1 h postpartum. Ewe and lamb sera were assayed for glucose, NEFA, cortisol, and leptin. Lamb rectal temperature, glucose, NEFA, cortisol, leptin, and birth weights did not differ between treatments. The BW at 38 d was greater (P = 0.03) for lambs born to control ewes than for lambs born to algae‐derived DHA‐supplemented ewes$$$ however, the colostrum of algae‐derived DHA‐supplemented ewes had a greater specific gravity (P = 0.05) than for control ewes. Overall, despite a potentially positive effect on ewe colostral IgG concentrations, supplementation of algae‐derived DHA during late gestation and early lactation had a negative effect on lamb BW and did not affect indices of lamb thermogenesis.
Randomised trial to assess benefits and safety of vitamin A supplementation linked to immunisation in early infancy. WHO/CHD Immunisation-Linked Vitamin A Supplementation Study Group$$$ BACKGROUND: The benefits and safety of vitamin A supplementation linked to immunisation in infancy need to be assessed before it can be widely recommended. We assessed the safety and benefits of maternal postpartum and infant vitamin A supplementation administered with each of the three diphtheria‐tetanus‐pertussis (DPT) and poliomyelitis immunisations and with a fourth dose with measles immunisation. METHODS: From January, 1995, we enrolled 9424 mother‐infant pairs from Ghana, India, and Peru in this randomised, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial. 4716 mothers of infants in the vitamin A group received 200000 IU vitamin A, and their infants were given 25000 IU vitamin A with each of the first three doses of DPT/poliomyelitis immunisation at 6, 10, and 14 weeks. In the control group, 4708 mothers and their infants received placebo at the same times. At 9 months, with measles immunisation, infants in the vitamin A group were given a further dose of 25000 IU and those in the control group received 100000 IU vitamin A. Infants were followed up to age 12 months. The primary outcome measures were vitamin A status, signs of acute toxic effects, anthropometric indicators, and severe morbidity. Analysis was by intention to treat. FINDINGS: 3933 (93%) of the eligible 4212 infants on vitamin A and 3938 (93%) of the eligible 4227 controls received all four study doses. At the 6‐month follow‐up, there was a small decrease in vitamin A deficiency in the vitamin A group compared with controls (serum retinol < or =0.70 micromol/L 101 [29.9%] vs 122 [37.1%$$$ 95% CI of the difference ‐14.3% to ‐0.2%]). This effect was no longer apparent at 9 and 12 months. There were no significant between‐group differences in mortality throughout the study. The rate ratio to compare all deaths up to age 9 months in the two groups was 0.96 (95% CI 0.73 to 1.27). Fewer than 1% of the infants had bulging fontanelle. The intervention had no effect on anthropometric status, or on overall or severe morbidity. INTERPRETATION: The trial confirmed the safety of the intervention, but shows no sustained benefits in terms of vitamin A status beyond age 6 months or infant morbidity.
Randomised trial to assess benefits and safety of vitamin A supplementation linked to immunisation in early infancy. WHO/CHD Immunisation-Linked Vitamin A Supplementation Study Group$$$ BACKGROUND: The benefits and safety of vitamin A supplementation linked to immunisation in infancy need to be assessed before it can be widely recommended. We assessed the safety and benefits of maternal postpartum and infant vitamin A supplementation administered with each of the three diphtheria‐tetanus‐pertussis (DPT) and poliomyelitis immunisations and with a fourth dose with measles immunisation. METHODS: From January, 1995, we enrolled 9424 mother‐infant pairs from Ghana, India, and Peru in this randomised, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial. 4716 mothers of infants in the vitamin A group received 200000 IU vitamin A, and their infants were given 25000 IU vitamin A with each of the first three doses of DPT/poliomyelitis immunisation at 6, 10, and 14 weeks. In the control group, 4708 mothers and their infants received placebo at the same times. At 9 months, with measles immunisation, infants in the vitamin A group were given a further dose of 25000 IU and those in the control group received 100000 IU vitamin A. Infants were followed up to age 12 months. The primary outcome measures were vitamin A status, signs of acute toxic effects, anthropometric indicators, and severe morbidity. Analysis was by intention to treat. FINDINGS: 3933 (93%) of the eligible 4212 infants on vitamin A and 3938 (93%) of the eligible 4227 controls received all four study doses. At the 6‐month follow‐up, there was a small decrease in vitamin A deficiency in the vitamin A group compared with controls (serum retinol < or =0.70 micromol/L 101 [29.9%] vs 122 [37.1%$$$ 95% CI of the difference ‐14.3% to ‐0.2%]). This effect was no longer apparent at 9 and 12 months. There were no significant between‐group differences in mortality throughout the study. The rate ratio to compare all deaths up to age 9 months in the two groups was 0.96 (95% CI 0.73 to 1.27). Fewer than 1% of the infants had bulging fontanelle. The intervention had no effect on anthropometric status, or on overall or severe morbidity. INTERPRETATION: The trial confirmed the safety of the intervention, but shows no sustained benefits in terms of vitamin A status beyond age 6 months or infant morbidity.
Daily consumption of fruit-flavored yoghurt enriched with vitamins B contributes to lower energy intake and body weight reduction, in type 2 diabetic patients: a randomized clinical trial$$$ Yoghurt naturally contains vitamins of B‐complex which play a central role in energy metabolism. This study investigates the effects of consumption of yoghurt enriched with vitamins B, in comparison with conventional yoghurt, on body weight management and glycemic control of patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM). Thirty‐three overweight/obese patients (BMI 27‐36 kg m‐2) were randomized into two groups receiving two servings of non‐fat yoghurt per day, either strawberry‐flavored enriched with vitamins B1, B5 and B6 (VY) or conventional (CY) for 12 weeks. At the beginning and the end of the dietary intervention, anthropometric characteristics, biochemical parameters, glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA1c), interleukin‐6 (IL‐6) and interleukin‐1b (IL‐1b), vitamins B and homocysteine concentrations were determined. Dietary assessments were also performed. At the end of the intervention, body weight and BMI were reduced in the VY group (86.5 ± 3.1 vs. 87.7 ± 3.0 kg, and 29.2 ± 1.0 vs. 29.6 ± 0.9 kg m‐2, respectively, P < 0.05) and dietary intake was lower compared to the CY group (7277.6 ± 332.6 vs. 9918.2 ± 612.1 kJ day‐1, P < 0.05). HbA1c was marginally reduced in the VY group (6.2 ± 0.2 vs. 6.4 ± 0.3%, P = 0.08), concentrations of B1, B2 and B6 were increased (63.8 ± 5.6 vs. 52.8 ± 1.7 μg L‐1, P = 0.09, 9.2 ± 1.5 vs. 6.9 ± 1.4 μg L‐1, P < 0.05 and 23.0 ± 2.8 vs. 14.9 ± 1.2 μg L‐1, P < 0.05, respectively) and a trend towards reduced homocysteine concentrations was observed (16.9 ± 1.7 vs. 18.3 ± 2.0 μmol L‐1, P = 0.06). IL‐6 was decreased in both groups but significantly in the CY group (1.33 ± 0.13 vs. 1.67 ± 0.63 pg mL‐1, P < 0.05). Daily consumption of fruit‐flavored yoghurt enriched with vitamins B facilitates body weight management and improves vitamins B status and homocysteine levels in overweight/obese T2DM patients.
Early cessation of breastfeeding amongst women in South Africa: an area needing urgent attention to improve child health$$$ BACKGROUND: Breastfeeding is a critical component of interventions to reduce child mortality. Exclusive breastfeeding practice is extremely low in South Africa and there has been no improvement in this over the past ten years largely due to fears of HIV transmission. Early cessation of breastfeeding has been found to have negative effects on child morbidity and survival in several studies in Africa. This paper reports on determinants of early breastfeeding cessation among women in South Africa. METHODS: This is a sub group analysis of a community‐based cluster‐randomized trial (PROMISE EBF) promoting exclusive breastfeeding in three South African sites (Paarl in the Western Cape Province, and Umlazi and Rietvlei in KwaZulu‐Natal) between 2006 and 2008 (ClinicalTrials.gov no: NCT00397150). Infant feeding recall of 22 food and fluid items was collected at 3, 6, 12 and 24 weeks postpartum. Women's experiences of breast health problems were also collected at the same time points. 999 women who ever breastfed were included in the analysis. Univariable and multivariable logistic regression analysis adjusting for site, arm and cluster, was performed to determine predictors of stopping breastfeeding by 12 weeks postpartum. RESULTS: By 12 weeks postpartum, 20% of HIV‐negative women and 40% of HIV‐positive women had stopped all breastfeeding. About a third of women introduced other fluids, most commonly formula milk, within the first 3 days after birth. Antenatal intention not to breastfeed and being undecided about how to feed were most strongly associated with stopping breastfeeding by 12 weeks (Adjusted odds ratio, AOR 5.6, 95% CI 3.4 ‐ 9.5 and AOR 4.1, 95% CI 1.6 ‐ 10.8, respectively). Also important was self‐reported breast health problems associated with a 3‐fold risk of stopping breastfeeding (AOR 3.1, 95%CI 1.7 ‐ 5.7) and the mother having her own income doubled the risk of stopping breastfeeding (AOR 1.9, 95% CI 1.3 ‐ 2.8). CONCLUSION: Early cessation of breastfeeding is common amongst both HIV‐negative and positive women in South Africa. There is an urgent need to improve antenatal breastfeeding counselling taking into account the challenges faced by working women as well as early postnatal lactation support to prevent breast health problems.
Morbidity in relation to feeding mode in African HIV-exposed, uninfected infants during the first 6 mo of life: the Kesho Bora study$$$ BACKGROUND: Refraining from breastfeeding to prevent HIV transmission has been associated with increased morbidity and mortality in HIV‐exposed African infants. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to assess risks of common and serious infectious morbidity by feeding mode in HIV‐exposed, uninfected infants ≤6 mo of age with special attention to the issue of reverse causality. DESIGN: HIV‐infected pregnant women from 5 sites in Burkina Faso, Kenya, and South Africa were enrolled in the prevention of mother‐to‐child transmission Kesho Bora trial and counseled to either breastfeed exclusively and cease by 6 mo postpartum or formula feed exclusively. Maternal‐reported morbidity (fever, diarrhea, and vomiting) and serious infectious events (SIEs) (gastroenteritis and lower respiratory tract infections) were investigated for 751 infants for 2 age periods (0‐2.9 and 3‐6 mo) by using generalized linear mixed models with breastfeeding as a time‐dependent variable and adjustment for study site, maternal education, economic level, and cotrimoxazole prophylaxis. RESULTS: Reported morbidity was not significantly higher in nonbreastfed compared with breastfed infants [OR: 1.31 (95% CI: 0.97, 1.75) and 1.21 (0.90, 1.62) at 0‐2.9 and 3‐6 mo of age, respectively]. Between 0 and 2.9 mo of age, never‐breastfed infants had increased risks of morbidity compared with those of infants who were exclusively breastfed (OR: 1.49$$$ 95% CI: 1.01, 2.2$$$ P = 0.042). The adjusted excess risk of SIEs in nonbreastfed infants was large between 0 and 2.9 mo (OR: 6.0$$$ 95% CI: 2.2, 16.4$$$ P = 0.001). Between 3 and 6 mo, the OR for SIEs was sensitive to the timing of breastfeeding status, i.e., 4.3 (95% CI: 1.2, 15.3$$$ P = 0.02) when defined at end of monthly intervals and 2.0 (95% CI: 0.8, 5.0$$$ P = 0.13) when defined at the beginning of intervals. Of 52 SIEs, 3 mothers reported changes in feeding mode during the SIE although none of the mothers ceased breastfeeding completely. CONCLUSIONS: Not breastfeeding was associated with increased risk of serious infections especially between 0 and 2.9 mo of age. The randomized controlled trial component of the Kesho Bora study was registered at Current Controlled Trials (www.controlled‐trials.com) as ISRCTN71468401.
Clinical study on Dabur Chyawanprash as a preventive remedy in pandemic of Covid-19$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Dabur Chyawanprash: Dosage and Treatment Duration: Adults (13 ‐70 years): One teaspoonful (approx. 12 gm of Chyawanprash) twice daily followed by milk Children (5‐12 years): Half teaspoonful (approx. 6 gm of Chyawanprash) twice daily followed by milk Control Intervention1: Milk with Turmeric powder: 200 ml milk with turmeric powder twice daily Control Intervention2: Milk: One cup of milk (approx 200 ml) twice daily CONDITION: PRIMARY OUTCOME: 1.Comparative assessment of incidence of COVID‐19 in subjects taking DCP and those not taking it over a period of 3 months (90 days) $$$ 2. Comparative assessment of incidence of other non COVID‐19 infections in subjects taking DCP and those not taking it over a period of 3 months (90 days) $$$ Timepoint: Day 15,30, 45, 60, 75, 90 SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1. Comparative assessment of severity of COVID‐19 (when it occurs) in subjects taking DCP and those not taking it. Severity will be graded as per the attached ordinal scale for clinical improvement of COVID‐19 published by WHO $$$ Timepoint: Day 15,30, 45, 60, 75, 90 Comparative assessment of changes in Quality of life evaluated on Q‐LES‐Q‐SFTimepoint: Day 0,45,90 Comparative assessment of incidence and severity of other allergy related health problems like cough, sneezing, rhinitis, sore throat etc.Timepoint: Day 15,30, 45, 60, 75, 90 Comparative assessment of number of subjects requiring hospitalization, number of days of hospitalization, number of subjects requiring ICU admission and number of subjects requiring Ventilator support and mortality rate.Timepoint: Day 15,30, 45, 60, 75, 90 Global assessment of overall change as per the investigator (Efficacy assessment)Timepoint: Day 90 Safety assessment by evaluation of occurrence of AE/SAETimepoint: Day 0, 15,30, 45, 60, 75, 90 INCLUSION CRITERIA: Subjects meeting all of the following criteria will be included in the trial‐ 1. Healthy, Male or Female subjects between the age group of 5 years to 70 years (both inclusive). Healthy individuals will be considered as those who do not have any acute medical condition or chronic medical/surgical condition that requires either immediate or continuous medical monitoring and treatment. 2. Subjects who are ready to provide written informed consent and who are ready to willingly participate and follow the protocol requirements of the clinical study.
N-3 Fatty Acid Supplementation Impacts Protein Metabolism Faster Than it Lowers Proinflammatory Cytokines in Advanced Breast Cancer Patients: natural 15N/14N Variations during a Clinical Trial$$$ While clinical evidence remains limited, an extensive amount of research suggests a beneficial role of n‐3 polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation in cancer treatment. One potential benefit is an improvement of protein homeostasis, but how protein metabolism depends on proinflammatory cytokines in this context remains unclear. Here, using the natural abundance of the stable isotopes of nitrogen as a marker of changes in protein metabolism during a randomized, double‐blind, controlled clinical trial, we show that protein homeostasis is affected way faster than proinflammatory cytokines in metastatic breast cancer patients supplemented with n‐3 polyunsaturated fatty acids. We provide some evidence that this response is unrelated to major changes in whole‐body substrate oxidation. In addition, we demonstrate that more fatty acids were impacted by metabolic regulations than by differences in their intake levels during the supplementation. This study documents that the percentage of patients that complied with the supplementation decreased with time, making compliance assessment crucial for the kinetic analysis of the metabolic and inflammatory responses. Our results highlight the time‐dependent nature of metabolic and inflammatory changes during long‐chain n‐3 fatty acid supplementation.
Breast Feeding Counselling$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Breast Feeding counseling by cell phone: Intervention will be delivered to the women in the intervention cluster starting in pregnancy and until their child is 26 weeks to finally evaluate the Timely Initiation of Complementary Feeding (TICF) Control Intervention1: Breast Feeding Counseling at hospital by health care staff: The existing staff of the hospitals will be provided training in Infant and Young Child Feeding(IYCF) by Breast Feeding Network of India(BPNI). They will be encouraged to set up their own systems to continue counseling during the ante natal period, at delivery and during the immunization visits. The participants will be asked to come for the same schedule of visits as in the intervention group where their data will be collected. CONDITION: Mothers registered at the antenatal clinic at 32‐ 36 weeks gestation PRIMARY OUTCOME: Changes in the percentage of women exclusively breastfeeding (breast milk and no other foods or milk based liquids) their infants at 24 weeks.‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: At Base line (32nd ‐ 36th week) and follow‐up visits as under $$$ 1. One week after enrollment $$$ 2. 24hours after delivery $$$ 3. 6th week after delivery $$$ 4. 10th week after delivery $$$ 5. 14th week after delivery $$$ 6. 24th week after delivery $$$ 7. 26th week after delivery $$$ $$$ $$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1. Changes in % of a)women with TIBF b)women bottle feeding at all visits c) children introduced solid, semi‐solid or soft foods at 24 wks measured at 26 wks $$$ 2.Differences in % of children receiving prelacteal feeds after delivery $$$ 3.Growth velocity $$$ 4.Change in hospitalization or mortality of the infant due to any cause, after delivery to 26 wks. 5.Cost data $$$ 6.Adherence to scheduled visits & infant immunization $$$ 7. Discontinued participant $$$ ‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: At Base line (32nd ‐ 36th week) and follow‐up visits as under $$$ 1. One week after enrollment $$$ 2. 24hours after delivery $$$ 3. 6th week after delivery $$$ 4. 10th week after delivery $$$ 5. 14th week after delivery $$$ 6. 24th week after delivery $$$ 7. 26th week after delivery $$$ $$$ $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Women registered at the antenatal clinic at 32‐36 weeks gestation and planning to deliver and follow up in the same hospital and till 1 week after 6 months of infants age. 2.Absence of illness that will interfere with EBF like severe anemia (Hb 6)$$$ eclampsia, pre‐eclampsia, mother needing medicine for which breastfeeding is contraindicated and HIV positivity 3. Those who consent 4. living in catchment area of 20 km from hospital.
Safety and efficacy of oral probiotics in pregnant women$$$ OBJECTIVE: Preterm birth is a leading cause of neonatal morbidity and mortality. Bacterial vaginosis (BV) is known to cause preterm delivery by shifting normal vaginal flora to pathological bacteria. Probiotics are effective in the management of BV in non pregnant women. In this first FDA approved phase I study in the US, we evaluated the safety (maternal and neonatal outcomes up to 6 months after delivery) and efficacy (vaginal bacterial count, Amasal & Nugent scoring) of oral probiotics in pregnant women. STUDY DESIGN: In a randomized, placebo‐controlled, double blind study (subjects and investigator were blinded) using oral Lactobacilli rhamnosus and Lactobacillus fermentum (109 viable colony‐forming units) or placebo in pregnant women ≤18 wk for 60 days. Women with cervical cerclage, multi fetal pregnancy or known fetal anomalies were excluded. Study drug containing lactobacilli /placebo, one capsule taken daily. Vaginal swabs were taken before and after intervention and BV blue test, Amsel (score 1 ‐ 4), Nugent's (score 1 ‐ 8) scoring and lactobacilli identification (quantitative PCR) were done. Maternal safety was measured by self reporting symptoms on dairy card (mild ‐ event requiring minimal or no treatment to potentially life threatening ‐ possible immediate risk of death) during the study and 6 months after delivery. Adherence to the protocol, occurrence of any side effects and neonatal outcomes (weight, ER admission or sepsis) were conducted by monthly telephone interview during study period and 6 months after the delivery. RESULTS: After informed consent, 40 pregnant women (FDA approved only 40) were enrolled. Table 1 shows baseline characteristics and maternal and neonatal outcomes during study period and 6 months after delivery. There were no reportable adverse events. Lactobacilli was detected in the vaginal swab in only 3 subjects (1 in lactobacilli and 2 in placebo group). After 60 days of intervention, there was no difference in BV Blue test, Amsel or Nugent's score in the 2 groups. All subjects showed good compliance and no significant side effects were noted. CONCLUSION: Administration of oral probiotics during early ‐ mid gestation is safe but showed no effect on vaginal flora (BV Blue test, Nugent's & Amsel score). Local administration (vaginal) of probiotics may be required to improve vaginal health by changing vaginal microbiota (Table Presented).
SARS-COV-2 and COVID-19 - A Randomized controlled trail (unblinded)$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Nilavembu kudineer Kabasura kudineer Thippili rasayanam Aadathodai manapagu Swasakudori maathirai Thoothuvalai legiyam Amukara chooranam Seenilnthil chooranam Pavala parpam Silasathu parpam Sivanar amirtham Muthu parpam Gargle‐ with Turmeric,Thripala,Alum,Glycyrrhiza glabra,Salt: Nilavembu kudineer‐60ml bd oral administration for 14 days kabasura kudineer‐60ml bd oral administration for 14 days thippili rasayanam‐ 5gm bd oral administration for 14 days aadathodai manapagu‐ 5ml BD hotwater oral administration for 14 days swasakudori maathirai‐2 bd hot water oral administration for 14 days thoothuvalai legiyam‐ 5gm bd with milk oral administration for 14 days amukara chooranam‐2gm bd oral administration for 14 days seenthil chooranam ‐2gm bd oral administration for 14 days pavala parpam‐100mg bd oral administration for 14 days silasathu parpam‐ 100mg oral administration bd for 14 days sivanar amirtham‐60g bd oral administration for 14 days muthu parpam‐100mg bd oral administration for 14 days Gargle‐ with Turmeric,Thripala,Alum,Glycyrrhiza glabra,Salt Control Intervention1: tab azithromycin Tab Hydroxychloroquinine tab paracitamol tab vitamin c tab zinc tab multivitamin inj enoxaparin inj methylperenidasolone kabasura kudineer: tab azithromycin 500mg bd oral administration Tab Hydroxychloroquinine 200mg oral administration tab paracitamol650mg bd oral administration inj methylperenidasolone intravenous inj enoxaparin intravenous tab vitamin c oral administration tab zinc oral administration tab multivitamin oral administration kabasura kudineer 60ml oral administration CONDITION: Health Condition 1: B972‐ Coronavirus as the cause of diseases classified elsewhere PRIMARY OUTCOME: Outcomes is mainly assessed by reduction in Clinical symptoms and Rt‐PCR test NegativeTimepoint: 3 Months SECONDARY OUTCOME: Outcomes is mainly assessed by reduction in Clinical symptoms and Rt‐PCR test Negative $$$ The outcome is assessed by patients recovery progress with faster reductions in clinical symptoms and Rt‐PCR test negative,also to avoid the mortality rate by administering Allopathy and Siddha medicines for the easy recovery and saftety measures in the treatment for SARS‐CoV‐2 and COVID‐19.Timepoint: 3 Months INCLUSION CRITERIA: Rt‐PCR positive patients, Asymptomatic patients, Fever, Dry cough, Sore throat, Difficulty in breathing
Four weeks of electromyostimulation improves muscle function and strength in sarcopenic patients: a three-arm parallel randomized trial$$$ Background: Sarcopenia, defined as loss of muscle mass, quality, and function, is associated with reduced quality of life and adverse health outcomes including disability and mortality. Electromyostimulation (EMS) has been suggested to attenuate the loss of muscle mass and function in elderly, sedentary individuals. This study aimed to investigate the effects of EMS on muscle strength and function during 4 weeks of inpatient medical rehabilitation. Methods: Patients receiving 4 weeks of inpatient medical rehabilitation diagnosed with sarcopenia using bioimpedance analysis were eligible to participate. One hundred and thirty‐four patients (55.7 ± 7.9 years, 25.4% female) were randomly assigned to three groups: whole‐body (WB) EMS (n = 48): stimulation of major muscle groups (pectoral muscles, latissimus, trapezius, abdominals, upper arm and leg, lower back muscles, gluteal muscles, and thighs)$$$ part‐body (PB) EMS (n = 42): stimulation of leg muscles including gluteal muscles and thighs$$$ and control group (CG, n = 44). All participants performed six 20 min training sessions including dynamic movements (squats, lunges, biceps curl, chest press, butterfly reverse, reverse lunges, standing diagonal crunches, etc.) with superimposed (WB‐, PB‐) EMS or without EMS (CG) in addition to the standard rehabilitation programme. Primary outcome variables included muscle function assessed by chair rise test and 6 min walking test as well as muscle strength (isometric grip strength, leg, arm, and back extension). Results: Primary outcome variables chair rise test and leg extension improved significantly (P = 0.001, η2 = 0.06 and P = 0.008, η2 = 0.06$$$ EMS vs. CG) in that chair rise test results increased in WB‐EMS from 5 (4$$$ 7) to 7 (5$$$ 9), in PB‐EMS from 5 (5$$$ 7) to 7 (6$$$ 8), and in CG from 6 (4$$$ 7) to 7 (5$$$ 8) repetitions. Knee extension increased in WB‐EMS from 692.3 ± 248.6 to 831.7 ± 298.7 N, in PB‐EMS from 682.8 ± 257.8 to 790.2 ± 270.2 N, and in CG from 638.5 ± 236.9 to 703.2 ± 218.6 N. No adverse events or side effects occurred. Conclusions: We conclude that EMS might be an additional training option to improve muscle function and strength in sarcopenic patients during a 4 week rehabilitation programme. EMS provides greater functional and strength improvements compared with standard treatment with additional potential health benefits for sarcopenic cardiac and orthopaedic patients.
Association of dairy intake with the clustering of infammatory biomarkers in portuguese adolescents: labMed physical activity study$$$ Introduction: Low‐grade systematic infammation has been associated with the development and progression of a number of chronic noncom‐municable diseases. Dairy intake has been associated with a lower risk of developing low‐grade infammation state. However, the association of dairy intake with infammation among adolescents remains unclear. Tus, the aim of this study was to determine the association between dairy intake and biomarkers of infammation among Portuguese adolescents. Methods: A cross‐sectional study was conducted with 507 Portuguese adolescents aged 12 to 18 years old. A continuous cluster of infammato‐ry biomarkers was constructed by summing up the sex‐ and age‐adjusted z‐scores of C‐reactive protein, leptin, adiponectin, interleukin‐6 and white blood cell. Diet was evaluated using a food frequency questionnaire, and dairy (milk, yogurt and cheese) consumption was categorized using sex‐specifc tertiles of each food group amount (g/day). Data were analyzed separately for girls and boys, and a separate multiple linear regression analysis was used to estimate the association between dairy intake and the clustered infammatory biomarkers score. Total energy intake, dietary adequacy, socioeconomic status, misreporting of energy intake, weight status, cardiorespiratory ftness, pubertal stage, and insulin resistance (HOMA‐IR) were used as the main confounders. Results: Boys in tertile 3 of milk intake had a lower infammatory bio‐markers score than those in lower tertiles (Tertile1: 0.37 ± 2.5$$$ Tertile 2: 0.21 ± 2.84$$$ Tertile 3: ‐0.61 ± 2.31, p = 0.038). Afer adjustment, higher intake of milk in boys was inversely related to the cluster of infammatory biomarkers (B= ‐0.988$$$ CI 95%: ‐1.830, ‐0.147, p = 0.021). No signifcant associations were seen in girls or with yogurt or cheese. Conclusion: We found that a higher intake of milk was inversely associated with the clustering of infammatory biomarkers in boys. Prospective and randomized clinical investigations are needed to examine the role of dairy intake in infammatory condition.
Exercise intervention on severity of chemotherapy induced peripheral neuropathy in cancer patients$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Sensory ‐ motor exercise: Participants in the Intervention group will receive exercise treatment four times per week for 35 minutes. During an introductory one â?? on â?? one training session, participants will get a catalogue of the exercises, including illustrated exercise cards, as well as the essential instructions and Adherence cards. Dairy must keep track of exercise activities completed on a regular basis, and adherence will be measured using the Exercise Adherence Scale. Each exercise session will be done for 35 minutes. And it consists of different phases like Warm up phase, Flexibility Phase, Strengthening Phase, Balance & co‐ordination Phase and cool down phase. And it will be carried out till their last chemotherapy session and first visit after completion of the chemotherapy sessions. Approximately nine months. Control Intervention1: Exercise: In this group participants will receive the prescribed neurotoxic chemotherapy with physiotherapy which includes walking X30 minutes daily with other Activities of Daily Living along with Ankle toe movements and calf squeezing for both the legs as Usual Care. They will be advised about the importance of physical activity for maintaining optimum health. They will also be advised to be engaged in routine work. CONDITION: Health Condition 1: C509‐ Malignant neoplasm of breast of unspecified site Health Condition 2: C569‐ Malignant neoplasm of unspecifiedovary PRIMARY OUTCOME: Nerve Conduction Studies $$$ Patient Neurotoxicity Questionnaire $$$ National Cancer Institute Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events: Neuropathy and Pain â?? for Chemotherapy Induced Peripheral Neuropathy grading $$$ Bio â?? Marker Neuro â?? filament light chain by using ELISA kit $$$ For Balance: Fullerton Advanced Balance Scale (FAB) $$$ EORTC QLQ‐C30 (version 3) $$$ $$$ $$$ Timepoint: Baseline values: Before starting the paclitaxel. $$$ Second values: At the last cycle of paclitaxel. $$$ Follow up: After three months completion of last cycle of paclitaxel. $$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: not applicableTimepoint: not applicable INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1.Diagnosed with histologically verified, non‐metastatic cancer for the first time. 2.Planned for administration of Paclitaxel regimen.
Effect of plant sterols on the lipid profile of patients with hypercholesterolaemia. Randomised, experimental study$$$ BACKGROUND: Studies have been conducted on supplementing the daily diet with plant sterol ester‐enriched milk derivatives in order to reduce LDL‐cholesterol levels and, consequently, cardiovascular risk. However, clinical practice guidelines on hypercholesterolaemia state that there is not sufficient evidence to recommend their use in subjects with hypercholesterolaemia. The main objective of this study is to determine the efficacy of the intake of 2 g of plant sterol esters a day in lowering LDL‐cholesterol levels in patients diagnosed with hypercholesterolaemia. The specific objectives are: 1) to quantify the efficacy of the daily intake of plant sterol esters in lowering LDL‐cholesterol, total cholesterol and cardiovascular risk in patients with hypercholesterolaemia$$$ 2) to evaluate the occurrence of adverse effects of the daily intake of plant sterol esters$$$ 3) to identify the factors that determine a greater reduction in lipid levels in subjects receiving plant sterol ester supplements. METHODS/DESIGN: Randomised, double‐blind, placebo controlled experimental trial carried out at family doctors' surgeries at three health centres in the Health Area of Albacete (Spain). The study subjects will be adults diagnosed with "limit" or "defined" hypercholesterolaemia and who have LDL cholesterol levels of 130 mg/dl or over. A dairy product in the form of liquid yoghurt containing 2 g of plant sterol ester per container will be administered daily after the main meal, for a period of 24 months. The control group will receive a daily unit of yogurt not supplemented with plant sterol esters that has a similar appearance to the enriched yoghurt. The primary variable is the change in lipid profile at 1, 3, 6, 12, 18 and 24 months. The secondary variables are: change in cardiovascular risk, adherence to the dairy product, adverse effects, adherence to dietary recommendations, frequency of food consumption, basic physical examination data, health problems, lipid‐lowering medication, physical activity, smoking habits and socio‐demographic variables. DISCUSSION: If plant sterol ester supplements were effective a sounder recommendation for the consumption of plant sterols in subjects with hypercholesterolaemia could be made.
Effect of Dairy Fat Consumption on Insulin Sensitivity in People With Overweight or Obesity With Prediabetes: a 12-Week Randomized Controlled Trial Protocol$$$ Objectives: Type 2 diabetes (T2D) is a major public health issue worldwide. Recent epidemiological evidence shows that higher intake of total dairy foods is associated with lower T2D risk, especially when dairy‐specific fatty acids are used as biomarkers of dairy fat intake. Evidence from randomized controlled trials (RCT) is inconclusive, possibly due to the use of surrogates of insulin sensitivity (IS). Our primary objective is to determine the effect of dairy fat intake on IS in individuals with prediabetes. We also assess changes in glycemic measures, body composition, and cardiovascular markers as secondary outcomes. Methods: We aim to recruit 75 males and females aged 30– 65y with overweight or obesity with prediabetes. Eligible individuals enter a 2‐week run‐in period with an intake of 1 serving/d of low‐fat dairy foods. Adherent participants (n=60) are randomized (1:1:1 stratified by sex) to 1 of the 3 groups for the 12‐week intervention: 1) ≤1 dairy serving/d$$$ 2) 2–3 servings/ d of skim milk, non‐fat yogurt and low‐fat cheese$$$ 3) 2–3 servings/d of regular‐fat milk, yogurt and cheese. Participants are instructed to incorporate study foods while maintaining their usual body weight (±5%) and lifestyle. Adherence is assessed by dairy intake logs, monthly 3‐day image‐based food diaries, and serum proportion of 15:0, 17:0, and t16:1n7 fatty acids as dairy fat biomarkers. Physical activity is assessed with a questionnaire and accelerometry. For the primary outcome, we assess changes in IS with the gold‐standard hyperinsulinemic‐euglycemic clamp before and after the intervention. Briefly, insulin is infused intravenously at 40 mU/m2/min for 2 h$$$ 20% glucose is infused at variable rates to maintain serum glucose levels at 5.5 mmol/L, determined by 5‐min measurements. Moreover, we measure glucose tolerance by the 75 g oral glucose tolerance test, body composition by dual‐energy X‐ray absorptiometry, and lipid profile by clinical chemistry. The effects on measured outcomes will be assessed using linear mixed models in intent‐to‐treat and per‐protocol analyses. Results: The trial is registered on ClinicalTrial.gov (NCT05421390). Recruitment and data collection are ongoing. Conclusions: Our findings will help resolve current uncertainties about the role of dairy in T2D at an early stage and this could impact dietary recommendations. Funding Sources: Dairy Farmers of Canada.
Vaginal chlorhexidine during labour to prevent early-onset neonatal group B streptococcal infection$$$ BACKGROUND: Although early‐onset group B β‐hemolytic streptococcus (GBS) infection is rare, it accounts for approximately 30% of neonatal infections, has a high mortality rate, and is acquired through vertical transmission from colonized mothers. Several trials have demonstrated the efficacy of intrapartum antibiotic prophylaxis (IAP) for preventing early‐onset disease (EOD). Vaginal disinfection with chlorhexidine during labour has been proposed as another strategy for preventing GBS EOD in the preterm and term neonate. Chlorhexidine has been found to have no impact on antibiotic resistance, is inexpensive, and applicable to poorly equipped delivery sites. OBJECTIVES: To determine the effectiveness of vaginal disinfection with chlorhexidine during labour in women who are colonized with GBS for preventing early‐onset GBS infection in preterm and term neonates. SEARCH METHODS: We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (31 October 2014) and reference lists of retrieved studies. SELECTION CRITERIA: Randomized and quasi‐randomized trials comparing vaginal disinfection with chlorhexidine (vaginal wash or gel/cream) versus placebo, or no treatment. DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Three review authors independently assessed the trials for inclusion and risk of bias, extracted the data and checked them for accuracy. AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: The quality of the four included trials varied as did the risk of bias and the quality of the evidence using GRADE was very low. Vaginal chlorhexidine was not associated with reductions in any of the primary outcomes of early‐onset GBS disease (sepsis and/or meningitis) or GBS pneumonia. Vaginal chlorhexidine may reduce GBS colonization of neonates. The intervention was associated with an increased risk of maternal mild adverse effects. The review currently does not support the use of vaginal disinfection with chlorhexidine in labour for preventing early‐onset disease. Results should be interpreted with caution as the methodological quality of the studies was poor. As early‐onset GBS disease is a rare condition trials with very large sample sizes are needed to assess the effectiveness of vaginal chlorhexidine to reduce its occurrence. In the era of intrapartum antibiotic prophylaxis, such trials may be difficult to justify especially in developed countries. MAIN RESULTS: We identified no new trials eligible for inclusion in this update. One study was moved from included to excluded studies from the previous version of the review. Four studies, including 1125 preterm and term infants, met the inclusion criteria and reported on at least one of the outcomes of interest. For the comparison chlorhexidine (vaginal wash or gel) versus placebo or no treatment, two studies (n = 987) were pooled. There was no statistically significant difference in early‐onset GBS disease (sepsis and/or meningitis) comparing chlorhexidine (vaginal wash or gel/cream) versus placebo or no treatment$$$ risk ratio (RR), 2.32 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.34 to 15.63)$$$ I‐squared (I²) = 0% or in GBS pneumonia$$$ RR 0.35 (95% CI 0.01 to 8.6)$$$ test for heterogeneity not applicable. The outcome of colonization of the neonate with GBS was reported in three studies (n = 328)$$$ RR 0.64 (95% CI 0.40 to 1.01$$$ there was substantial between‐study heterogeneity (Chi² = 3.19$$$ P = 0.20$$$ I² = 37%). Maternal mild side effects (stinging or local irritation) (three trials, 1066 women) were more commonly seen in women treated with chlorhexidine (RR 8.50 (95% CI 1.60 to 45.28)$$$ there was no heterogeneity (Chi² = 0.01, df = 1 (P = 0.91)$$$ I² = 0%). No side effects were reported among the neonates.For the comparison chlorhexidine vaginal wash verus mechanical washing with placebo or no treatment (one study, n = 79), there was a significant reduction in neonatal colonization with GBS$$$ RR 0.32 (95% CI 0.12 to 0.90). Tests for heterogeneity not applicable. There were no other significant results for this comparison.For the comparison chlorhexidine gel or cream versus placebo or no treatment, there were no statistically significant results for the outcomes reported on.The quality of the trials varied and the overall risk of bias was rated as unclear or high. The quality of the evidence using GRADE was very low for the outcomes of the comparison chlorhexidine (vaginal wash or gel/cream) versus placebo or no treatment. These outcomes included: early‐onset GBS disease (sepsis and/or meningitis), GBS pneumonia, neonatal colonization with GBS, neonatal mortality due to early‐onset GBS infection and adverse (mild) effects in the mother and the neonate.
Cholesterol-lowering effects of plant sterol esters differ in milk, yoghurt, bread and cereal$$$ OBJECTIVE: To measure the relative effects of each of four phytosterol ester‐enriched low‐fat foods (bread, breakfast cereal, milk and yoghurt) on serum lipids, plasma phytosterols and carotenoids. DESIGN: : Three research centres undertook a randomised, incomplete crossover, single‐blind study consisting of four treatment periods of 3 weeks each, one of which was a control period. Each sterol‐enriched test food provided 1.6 g/day of phytosterols as sterol esters. SETTING: General Community. SUBJECTS: In all 58, free‐living men and women with mean age (s.d.) 54 (8) y, moderately elevated plasma total cholesterol 6.2 (0.7) mmol/l and body mass index 26.2 (3.0) kg/m(2). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Serum lipids, plasma phytosterols and carotenoids. RESULTS: Serum total and LDL cholesterol levels were significantly lowered by consumption of phytosterol‐enriched foods: milk (8.7 and 15.9%) and yoghurt (5.6 and 8.6%). Serum LDL cholesterol levels fell significantly by 6.5% with bread and 5.4% with cereal. They were both significantly less efficacious than sterol‐enriched milk (P<0.001). Plasma sitosterol increased by 17‐23% and campesterol by 48‐52% with phytosterol‐enriched milk and bread. Lipid‐adjusted beta‐carotene was lowered by 5‐10% by sterols in bread and milk, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: This is the first study to demonstrate that cholesterol‐lowering effects of plant sterol esters may differ according to the food matrix. Plant sterols in low‐fat milk was almost three times more effective than in bread and cereal. Despite phytosterol‐enriched cereal products resulting in lower serum cholesterol reductions compared to sterol‐enriched milk, the detection of similar changes in plasma phytosterols demonstrated that such products still delivered and released phytosterols to the gut.
Plant sterol ester-enriched milk and yoghurt effectively reduce serum cholesterol in modestly hypercholesterolemic subjects$$$ BACKGROUND: The cholesterol‐lowering efficacy of plant sterol esters (PSteE) or stanol esters (PStaE) in regular‐ and low‐fat spreads has been consistently demonstrated, while their effectiveness in a low‐fat, aqueous food carrier such as milk and yoghurt is less well established. AIM OF THE STUDY: Two studies were carried out to assess the cholesterol‐lowering effect of PSteE‐enriched low‐fat milk and PSteE‐ and PStaE‐enriched low‐fat yoghurt in modestly hypercholesterolemic subjects (total cholesterol between 5‐7.5 mmol/l). METHODS: Study one was a single blind crossover design with 4 phases of 3‐week interventions. Subjects consumed 300 ml/d of placebo or PSteE‐milk (2.0 g plant sterols/d) alone or combined with 25 g/d of placebo or PSteE‐spread. Study two was a fully randomised, double blind crossover design with 3 phases of 3‐week interventions. Subjects consumed 2 portions (150 g tubs each) of placebo, PSteE‐yoghurt (1.8 g plant sterols/d) or PStaE‐yoghurt (1.7 g plant stanols/d). In study one 39 subjects (21 men and 18 women) and in study two 40 subjects (17 men and 23 women) completed the dietary intervention. RESULTS: In study one, PSteE‐milk and PSteE‐spread were equally efficacious in lowering total and LDL‐cholesterol as compared to placebo by 6‐8% and 8‐10%, respectively. No significant additional cholesterol‐lowering was observed with the combination of PSteE‐milk and PSteE‐spread (4 g plant sterols/d). PSteE‐enriched milk and the combination of PSteE‐enriched milk plus spread both lowered lipid‐adjusted serum beta‐carotene concentrations by 10‐14% (P < 0.02),while the PSteE‐rich spread alone did not significantly alter serum beta‐carotene levels. In study two, the PSteE‐ and PStaE‐enriched yoghurts reduced LDL‐cholesterol significantly compared to placebo by 0.27 +/‐ 0.05 mmol/l (6%) and 0.23 +/‐ 0.05 mmol/l (5%), respectively. In both studies, there was no effect on HDL‐cholesterol and triacylglycerol concentrations. CONCLUSION: Plant sterols in the form of their esters when provided in lowfat milk and yoghurt are effective in lowering total and LDL‐cholesterol.
Comparison of the effect of a probiotic yoghurt and ordinary yoghurt on serum cholesterol levels in subjects with mild to moderate hypercholesterolemia$$$ Background: Cardiovascular diseases are the first cause of death in Iran and hypercholesterolemia is one of the most important risk factors. This problem could be partially managed by dietary modifications such as supplementation of diet with dairy products and probiotic bacteria. The aim of this study was to comprise the effect of consuming a probiotic yoghurt and ordinary yoghurt on serum cholesterol levels in mild to moderate hypercholesterolemia. Methods: This randomized cross‐over trial was conducted on 14 healthy subjects aged 40‐65 years with total serum cholesterol 200‐300 mg/dl. We asked the subjects to avoid consumption of yoghurt for a two‐week pre‐study period and add 300 g/day of milk to their diet. Then they were randomly allocated to 2 groups to receive either 300 g of ordinary yoghurt (fermented with S.thermophilus and L.bulgaricus) or probiotic yoghurt (fermented with a starter composed of L.acidophilus and B.lactis plus bacteria in ordinary yoghurt) for 6 weeks as substitution for milk. After a wash‐out period of 7 weeks, the cross‐over was made (those consuming probiotic yoghurt, changed to ordinary yoghurt and vice versa) and the study lasted for another 6 weeks. Anthropometric measurements, a 3‐day dietary recall and blood lipid tests were done at the beginning (after a 2‐week elimination period of yoghurt from diet) and at the end of each period. Results: Comparison of weights, BMIs and dietary confounding factors during the period of consuming ordinary yoghurt and probiotic yoghurt, did not show any significant differences. Consumption of probiotic yoghurt in comparison with ordinary yogurt caused a significant decrease in total serum cholesterol (P=0.049). Comparison of other blood lipid criteria did not show any significant differences between these two periods. Conclusion: Consumption of the yoghurt containing two probiotic bacteria, L.acidophilus and B.lactis, in comparison with ordinary yoghurt causes reduction in total serum cholesterol in mild to moderate hypercholesterolemia.
Comparison of the effect of daily consumption of probiotic compared with low-fat conventional yogurt on weight loss in healthy obese women following an energy-restricted diet: a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Despite evidence for the beneficial effects of probiotics and low‐fat dairy products, to our knowledge, no study has compared the beneficial effect on weight loss of consuming a probiotic yogurt (PY) compared with a standard low‐fat yogurt (LF) during a hypoenergetic program. OBJECTIVE: We compared the effect of the PY with LF yogurt consumption on body weight and cardiometabolic risk factors in women during a weight‐loss program. DESIGN: Overweight and obese women [body mass index (in kg/m(2)): 27‐40$$$ age: 18‐50 y) who usually consumed standard LFs were asked to consume either PY or LF every day with their main meals for 12 wk while following a weight‐loss program. RESULTS: A total of 89 participants were randomly assigned to one of the 2 intervention groups. Baseline variables were not significantly different between groups. A statistically significant reduction in anthropometric measurements and significant improvements in cardiometabolic risk characteristics were observed over the 12 wk in both groups. However, no significant differences in weight loss and anthropometric measurements were seen between groups after the intervention. Compared with the LF group, the PY group had a greater (mean ± SD) decrease in total cholesterol (PY = ‐0.36 ± 0.10 mmol/L, LF = ‐0.31 ± 0.10 mmol/L$$$ P = 0.024), low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (PY = ‐0.35 ± 0.10 mmol/L, LF = ‐0.31 ± 0.11 mmol/L$$$ P = 0.018), homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (PY = ‐0.55 ± 0.32, LF = ‐0.42 ± 0.20$$$ P = 0.002), 2‐h postprandial glucose (PY = ‐0.61 ± 0.24 mmol/L, LF = ‐0.44 ± 0.19 mmol/L$$$ P < 0.001), and fasting insulin concentration (PY = ‐1.76 ± 1.01 mU/mL, LF = ‐1.32 ± 0.62 mU/mL$$$ P = 0.002), as secondary endpoints after the study. No significant differences were found for fasting plasma glucose, high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol, or triglycerides within both groups after the 12 wk. CONCLUSION: Consumption of PY compared with LF with main meals showed no significant effects on weight loss. However, it may have positive effects on lipid profiles and insulin sensitivity during a weight‐loss program. This trial was registered at http://www.irct.ir/ as IRCT201402177754N8.
Effects of pinitol on glycemic control, insulin resistance and adipocytokine levels in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus$$$ BACKGROUND: Pinitol is thought to mediate insulin action and improve insulin resistance. We evaluated the effects of pinitol on glycemic control, insulin resistance and adipocytokine levels in type 2 diabetic patients. MATERIAL AND METHOD: A total of 66 patients with type 2 diabetes who had been taking oral hypoglycemic agents for at least 3 months were enrolled and randomized to receive pinitol (n = 33) or matching placebo (n = 33). All subjects took 1,200 mg pinitol or placebo and maintained their current oral hypoglycemic agents throughout the study. RESULTS: Mean HbA1c, fasting plasma glucose, and HOMA‐IR were significantly lowered more in patients taking pinitol than in those given a placebo. Patients who had an HbA1c over 8.0% showed a greater reduction (p < 0.01) than those who had an HbA1c below 8.0% (p =0.16). In addition, in the group of patients with a HOMA‐IR over 2.5, there was a significant decrease in HbA1c compared to that in the group of patients with a HOMA‐IR below 2.5. There were no differences in the changes in adiponectin, FFA and CRP between the two groups. CONCLUSIONS: Pinitol can mediate insulin action to improve glycemic control and insulin sensitivity in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, especially in patients with insulin resistance.
A Phase II, Randomized, Double Blind, Placebo Controlled Study of the Safety and Efficacy of a Caffeine-Based Antifibrosis Cream in Patients with Breast Cancer Undergoing Radiation Therapy$$$ Purpose/Objective(s): Radiation induced fibrosis (RIF) is a common long term adverse event in patients undergoing post‐mastectomy radiation therapy (PMRT) which can cause capsular contracture, implant loss, and reconstruction complications in women with implant‐based breast reconstruction. At a molecular level, adenosine is a driver of RIF. Preclinical data have shown that pharmacologic blockade of the adenosine A2A Receptor (A2AR) in mice as well as an A2AR knockout mouse model prevented skin fibrosis associated with radiation injury. Caffeine is an A2AR antagonist which has been shown to block the development of hepatic fibrosis in liver disease patients. We present a phase II placebo controlled clinical trial to evaluate whether a caffeine‐based cream can prevent RIF and thus reduce the rates of reconstructive complications in patients with tissue expander‐based reconstruction requiring PMRT. Materials/Methods: Women ≥ 18 years old with breast carcinoma stage 0‐III status post mastectomy with tissue expander‐based reconstruction who require PMRT to the chest wall +/‐ the regional nodes are being enrolled. The target accrual is 60 patients. Boost field to the chest wall, scar and/or nodal region is allowed. Patients with inflammatory breast cancer or those requiring skin bolus are excluded. Prior to starting radiation, patients will be randomized to placebo vs. caffeine cream and they will be instructed to apply the cream twice a day starting on the first day of radiation treatment and continuing daily for the duration of radiation until the removal of tissue expanders. The primary study endpoint is reconstructive complications requiring rehospitalization or reoperation by 2 years post radiation including reconstructive failure with or without reconstruction. A safety endpoint of grade ≥ 2 acute radiation dermatitis will also serve as a co‐primary endpoint. Secondary endpoints are wound infection/cellulitis, hematoma, seroma, threatened exposure, wound dehiscence, implant leakage, rupture, and or deflation, and capsular contracture that do not meet criteria for the primary endpoint. Clinician rated cosmesis, local recurrence, regional recurrence, distant metastasis and survival up to 4 years are additional secondary endpoints. Exploratory endpoint includes the use of shear wave elastography (SWE) as a potential tool to quantitatively measure post irradiation fibrosis. Correlative aims include assessing epidermal thickness and fat layer thickness from tissue obtained at time of implant exchange for association with the development of fibrosis. The primary efficacy endpoint will be estimated using Kaplan Meier methods from date of randomization. Treatment comparisons will be based on a 2‐sided log rank chi‐square test and the hazard ratio will be estimated with 95% confidence intervals. The study started accruing in 12/2019 and is estimated to end by 04/2024. As of January 2023, 67% (40/60 patients) of the planned patients have been enrolled. Results: To be determined. Conclusion: To be determined.
Dietary carbohydrate restriction augments weight loss-induced improvements in glycaemic control and liver fat in individuals with type 2 diabetes: a randomised controlled trial$$$ AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Lifestyle modification and weight loss are cornerstones of type 2 diabetes management. However, carbohydrate restriction may have weight‐independent beneficial effects on glycaemic control. This has been difficult to demonstrate because low‐carbohydrate diets readily decrease body weight. We hypothesised that carbohydrate restriction enhances the beneficial metabolic effects of weight loss in type 2 diabetes. METHODS: This open‐label, parallel RCT included adults with type 2 diabetes, HbA1c 48‐97 mmol/mol (6.5‐11%), BMI >25 kg/m2, eGFR >30 ml min‐1 [1.73 m]‐2 and glucose‐lowering therapy restricted to metformin or dipeptidyl peptidase‐4 inhibitors. Participants were randomised by a third party and assigned to 6 weeks of energy restriction (all foods were provided) aiming at 6% weight loss with either a carbohydrate‐reduced high‐protein diet (CRHP, percentage of total energy intake [E%]: CH30/P30/F40) or a conventional diabetes diet (CD, E%: CH50/P17/F33). Fasting blood samples, continuous glucose monitoring and magnetic resonance spectroscopy were used to assess glycaemic control, lipid metabolism and intrahepatic fat. Change in HbA1c was the primary outcome$$$ changes in circulating and intrahepatic triacylglycerol were secondary outcomes. Data were collected at Copenhagen University Hospital (Bispebjerg and Herlev). RESULTS: Seventy‐two adults (CD 36, CRHP 36, all white, 38 male sex) with type 2 diabetes (mean duration 8 years, mean HbA1c 57 mmol/mol [7.4%]) and mean BMI of 33 kg/m2 were enrolled, of which 67 (CD 33, CRHP 34) completed the study. Body weight decreased by 5.8 kg (5.9%) in both groups after 6 weeks. Compared with the CD diet, the CRHP diet further reduced HbA1c (mean [95% CI] ‐1.9 [‐3.5, ‐0.3] mmol/mol [‐0.18 (‐0.32, ‐0.03)%], p = 0.018) and diurnal mean glucose (mean [95% CI] ‐0.8 [‐1.2, ‐0.4] mmol/l, p < 0.001), stabilised glucose excursions by reducing glucose CV (mean [95% CI] ‐4.1 [‐5.9, ‐2.2]%, p < 0.001), and augmented the reductions in fasting triacylglycerol concentration (by mean [95% CI] ‐18 [‐29, ‐6]%, p < 0.01) and liver fat content (by mean [95% CI] ‐26 [‐45, 0]%, p = 0.051). However, pancreatic fat content was decreased to a lesser extent by the CRHP than the CD diet (mean [95% CI] 33 [7, 65]%, p = 0.010). Fasting glucose, insulin, HOMA2‐IR and cholesterol concentrations (total, LDL and HDL) were reduced significantly and similarly by both diets. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Moderate carbohydrate restriction for 6 weeks modestly improved glycaemic control, and decreased circulating and intrahepatic triacylglycerol levels beyond the effects of weight loss itself compared with a CD diet in individuals with type 2 diabetes. Concurrent differences in protein and fat intakes, and the quality of dietary macronutrients, may have contributed to these results and should be explored in future studies. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT03814694. FUNDING: The study was funded by Arla Foods amba, The Danish Dairy Research Foundation, and Copenhagen University Hospital Bispebjerg Frederiksberg.
Effect of 8 week intake of probiotic milk products on risk factors for cardiovascular diseases$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effect of a probiotic milk product containing the culture CAUSIDO(R) and of two alternative products on risk factors for cardiovascular disease in overweight and obese subjects. DESIGN: An 8 week randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐ and compliance‐controlled, parallel study. SUBJECTS: Seventy healthy, weight‐stable, overweight and obese (25.0<BMI<37.5 kg/m2) males (n=20) and females (n=50), 18‐55 y old, were randomly assigned into five groups. INTERVENTION: Four groups consumed 450 ml fermented milk products (yoghurt) daily. Group 1: a yoghurt fermented with two strains of Streptococcus thermophilus and two strains of Lactobacillus acidophilus (StLa). Group 2: a placebo yoghurt fermented with delta‐acid‐lactone (PY). Group 3: a yoghurt fermented with two strains of Streptococcus thermophilus and one strain of Lactobacillus rhamnosus (StLr). Group 4: a yoghurt fermented with one strain of Enterococcus faecium and two strains of Streptococcus thermophilus (CAUSIDO(R) culture), GAIO(R) (G). The dietary composition of the yoghurt was otherwise similar. The fifth group was given two placebo pills (PP) daily. RESULTS: When comparing all five treatment groups, unadjusted for changes in body weight, no statistical effects were observed in week 8 in the G‐group on low density lipoproteins (LDL)‐cholesterol (P=0.29). After adjustment for small changes in body weight, LDL‐cholesterol decreased by 8.4% (0.26+/‐0.10 mmol/l$$$ P<0.05) and fibrinogen increased (0.74+/‐0.32 mmol/l$$$ P<0.05) after 8 weeks in the G‐group. This was significantly different from the group consuming chemically fermented yoghurt and the group consuming placebo pills (P<0.05). After 8 weeks, systolic blood pressure was significantly more reduced in the StLa and G‐group compared to StLr. No other differences were found. CONCLUSION: The CAUSIDO(R) culture reduced LDL‐cholesterol and increased fibrinogen in the overweight subjects at a 450 ml consumption daily for 8 weeks. The effect on LDL‐cholesterol confirms previous studies. An immunostimulation by one of the strains in the product might explain the effect on fibrinogen in the G‐group. SPONSORSHIP: MD Foods A/S, Denmark.
Randomized placebo-controlled intervention with n-3 LC-PUFA-supplemented yoghurt: effects on circulating eicosanoids and cardiovascular risk factors$$$ BACKGROUND & AIMS: The study examined the value of n‐3 LC‐PUFA‐enriched yogurt as means of improving cardiovascular health. DESIGN: Fifty three mildly hypertriacylglycerolemic subjects (TAG ≥ 1.7 mmol/L) participated in a randomized, placebo‐controlled, double‐blind, parallel designed study. The subjects consumed 1) control yoghurt$$$ 2) yoghurt enriched with 0.8 g n‐3 LC‐PUFA/d$$$ or 3) yoghurt enriched with 3 g n‐3 LC‐PUFA/d for a period of 10 wks. Blood samples were taken at the beginning and the end of the study period. RESULTS: Following daily intake of 3 g n‐3 LC‐PUFA for 10 weeks, n‐3 LC‐PUFA levels increased significantly in plasma and red blood cells (RBC) with concomitant increase in the EPA‐derived mediators (PGE₃, 12‐, 15‐, 18‐HEPE) in plasma whilst cardiovascular risk factors such as HDL, TAG, AA/EPA ratio, and n‐3 index were improved (P < 0.05)$$$ the decrease of TAG and increase in HDL were associated with the CD36 genotype. CONCLUSION: The observed increase of n‐3 LC‐PUFA in RBC and plasma lipids due to intake of n‐3 LC‐PUFA enriched yoghurt resulted in a reduction of cardiovascular risk factors and inflammatory mediators showing that daily consumption of n‐3 PUFA enriched yoghurt can be an effective way of supplementing the daily diet and improving cardiovascular health.
Probiotic yogurt and acidified milk similarly reduce postprandial inflammation and both alter the gut microbiota of healthy, young men$$$ Probiotic yogurt and milk supplemented with probiotics have been investigated for their role in 'low‐grade' inflammation but evidence for their efficacy is inconclusive. This study explores the impact of probiotic yogurt on metabolic and inflammatory biomarkers, with a parallel study of gut microbiota dynamics. The randomised cross‐over study was conducted in fourteen healthy, young men to test probiotic yogurt compared with milk acidified with 2 % d‐(+)‐glucono‐δ‐lactone during a 2‐week intervention (400 g/d). Fasting assessments, a high‐fat meal test (HFM) and microbiota analyses were used to assess the intervention effects. Baseline assessments for the HFM were carried out after a run‐in during which normal milk was provided. No significant differences in the inflammatory response to the HFM were observed after probiotic yogurt compared with acidified milk intake$$$ however, both products were associated with significant reductions in the inflammatory response to the HFM compared with the baseline tests (assessed by IL6, TNFα and chemokine ligand 5) (P<0·001). These observations were accompanied by significant changes in microbiota taxa, including decreased abundance of Bilophila wadsworthia after acidified milk (log 2‐fold‐change (FC)=‐1·5, P adj=0·05) and probiotic yogurt intake (FC=‐1·3, P adj=0·03), increased abundance of Bifidobacterium species after acidified milk intake (FC=1·4, P adj=0·04) and detection of Lactobacillus delbrueckii spp. bulgaricus (FC=7·0, P adj<0·01) and Streptococcus salivarius spp. thermophilus (FC=6·0, P adj<0·01) after probiotic yogurt intake. Probiotic yogurt and acidified milk similarly reduce postprandial inflammation that is associated with a HFM while inducing distinct changes in the gut microbiota of healthy men. These observations could be relevant for dietary treatments that target 'low‐grade' inflammation.
Serum lipid response to introducing ghee as a partial replacement for mustard oil in the diet of healthy young Indians$$$ Ghee (clarified butter) has generally been assumed to be hypercholesterolaemic on the basis of its composition but there is hardly any study to support or refute the assumption. The present study was conducted on sixty‐three healthy, young, physically active adult volunteers (52 male, 11 female). The study design was that of a randomized controlled trial with a parallel design. After a lead‐in period of 2 wk, the subjects were randomly divided into two groups, Group A (n = 30$$$ 25 male, 5 female) and Group B (n = 33$$$ 27 male, 6 female). Group A (experimental) consumed for 8 wk a diet in which ghee provided 10% of the energy intake. The only other visible fat in the diet was mustard oil, and total energy from fats was 25% of the energy intake. Group B (control) consumed for 8 wk a similar diet except that all visible fat came from mustard oil. The serum total cholesterol level showed a significant rise in the experimental group at 4 wk$$$ the rise persisted at 8 wk. A similar rise was also seen in HDL cholesterol. Hence the total cholesterol/HDL cholesterol ratio did not show any significant change. In the control group, there was a trend towards a fall in LDL cholesterol but the change was not significant. The study does not indicate any adverse effect of ghee on lipoprotein profile. However, more studies are needed on older subjects, hyperlipidaemic subjects, and on subjects following less healthy lifestyles before the results of this study can be extrapolated to the general population.
Association between dietary calcium intake, dairy product consumption and body composition indices in healthy postmenopausal women: a cross-sectional analysis$$$ Evidence on the inverse association between dietary calcium (dCa) and body composition has been inconsistent. The objective of this study was to examine the association between dCa intake, dairy product consumption and body composition indices (BCI) in healthy postmenopausal women. Baseline data of 91 women participating in a randomized controlled trial (RCT) that aims to evaluate the effect of dCa as compared to supplemental Ca intake on vascular health (ClinicalTrial.Gov NCT0173140) were analyzed. All were ≥50 y, non‐users of Ca or vitamin D supplements at baseline, with a BMI >19 and <35 kg/m2. A validated 51‐item semi‐quantitative food frequency questionnaire was administered to assess usual dCa, dietary vitamin D and dairy product intakes over the preceding month. Body mass index (BMI) was calculated from measured height and weight. Body fat mass (FM), percent body fat (%BF), and fat‐free mass (FFM) were measured by bioelectrical impedance analysis using a body composition analyzer in “standard mode” (Tanita TBF‐310). FM index (FMI) and FFM index (FFMI) were calculated. Physical activity level (PAL) was assessed using the International Physical Activity Questionnaire. Intakes were categorized into two groups as below or above the observed median. Differences in means of BCI between groups of dCa (<850 or ≥850 mg/d), total dairy products (<1.5 or ≥1.5 servings/d), milk (<0.5 or ≥0.5 serving/d), yogurt (<0.5 or ≥0.5 serving/d), and cheese (<0.5 or ≥0.5 serving/d) consumption were analyzed using a one‐way analysis of covariance after adjustment for age, dietary vitamin D intake and PAL. Participants were 60±6 y with a mean BMI of 25.5±3.9 kg/m2 and a median PAL of 2487 MET‐mins/week (interquartile range [IQR] 1535‐4753). Median dCa intake was 846 mg/d (IQR 605‐1072). Daily median servings of total dairy products, milk, yogurt and cheese were 1.59 (IQR 0.97‐2.48), 0.5 (IQR 0.07‐0.93), 0.43 (IQR 0.12‐0.74), and 0.51 (IQR 0.29‐0.84), respectively. There were no differences in BCI between groups of dCa intake or total dairy product consumption (Table 1). No differences were found between groups of milk or yogurt consumption and BCI (Table 2). However, there was a lower mean %BF (33.0% vs 35.8%, p=0.03) and FM (21.8% vs 25.0%, p=0.045) in cheese intake ≥0.5 serving/d compared to the group with <0.5 serving/d of cheese intake. Although dCa and total dairy product intakes were not associated with body composition, our results suggest that cheese intake may be inversely associated with adiposity in healthy postmenopausal women. Our ongoing RCT with a larger sample will enable a better evaluation of the association between dCa and BCI as compared to dairy and supplemental Ca in this population.
Preemptive therapy of cetuximab-induced skin rash using doxycycline, sunscreen, hydrocortisone, and moisturizer in colorectal and head and neck cancer patients$$$ Background: Toxicities associated with the use of cetuximab include infusion reactions, dermatologic toxicity and electrolyte disturbances. Of these, skin toxicity including acneiform rash, dry skin and fissuring, paronychial inflammation, infectious sequelae and hypertrichosis occur most commonly, with acneiform rash developing in 76‐88% of patients. These skin toxicities are rarely life‐threatening, but they impact the quality of life of patients receiving therapy and directly affect adherence. The purpose of this study is to determine if preemptive therapy with doxycycline, sunscreen, hydrocortisone 1% cream, and moisturizer will reduce the incidence and severity of > grade 2 acneiform rash according to CTCAE v.4 in patients with colorectal and head and neck cancer receiving therapy with cetuximab. Methods: This is a single‐institution, prospective, open‐label, randomized study of 100 patients with colorectal and head and neck cancer receiving cetuximab in the locally advanced or metastatic setting. Those randomized to preemptive therapy will receive doxycycline 100 mg twice daily, sunscreen SPF 30, hydrocortisone 1% cream, and moisturizer beginning three days prior to the first dose of cetuximab for a duration of 8 weeks. Those randomized to standard of care will receive treatment of skin toxicity per national guidelines and treating physician discretion. Objectives are to evaluate the incidence of cetuximab‐induced rash, compare the severity of cetuximab‐induced rash between the preemptive treatment group and the standard care group, and monitor the toxicity of the preemptive therapy. Secondary objectives include quality of life, adherence rates, disease‐specific outcomes, and survival. Patients will be evaluated at enrollment, 3 weeks into treatment and at the end of treatment for adherence, side effects and quality of life. They will be followed for up to two years for treatment outcomes and survival. With alpha of 0.05 and a power of 80%, we will be able to detect if the incidence of skin rash differs by 24% between the two groups using a two‐sample one‐sided binomial test. As of September 2014, 15 of 100 patients have been enrolled.
Primary hyperlipidemias in children: effect of plant sterol supplementation on plasma lipids and markers of cholesterol synthesis and absorption$$$ Plant sterols lower serum cholesterol concentration. Available data have confirmed the lipid‐lowering efficacy in adults, while there is a relative dearth of data in children and almost exclusively restricted to subjects with familial hypercholesterolemia (FH). Aim of the present study was to evaluate the efficacy, tolerability and safety of plant sterol supplementation in children with different forms of primary hyperlipidemias. The effect of plant sterol consumption on plasma lipids was evaluated in 32 children with heterozygous FH, 13 children with Familial Combined Hyperlipidemia (FCH) and 13 children with Undefined Hypercholesterolemia (UH) in a 12‐week open‐label intervention study using plant sterol‐enriched yoghurt. Plasma lipids and apolipoproteins were measured by routine methods. Markers of cholesterol synthesis (lathosterol) and absorption (campesterol and sitosterol) were measured by GC‐MS. Tolerability and adherence to recommended regimen was very high. A significant reduction was observed in LDL‐cholesterol in the three groups (10.7, 14.2 and 16.0% in FH, FCH and UH, respectively). Lathosterol concentrations were unchanged, reflecting a lack of increased synthesis of cholesterol. Of the two absorption markers, only sitosterol showed a slight but significant increase. Daily consumption of plant sterol dairy products favorably changes lipid profile by reducing LDL‐cholesterol. To our knowledge, this is the first report of the use of plant sterols‐enriched foods in treating children with primary hyperlipidemia such as FCH and UH, likely to be the most frequent form also in the young age in the western populations.
Milk polar lipids favorably alter circulating and intestinal ceramide and sphingomyelin species in postmenopausal women$$$ BACKGROUNDHigh circulating levels of ceramides (Cer) and sphingomyelins (SM) are associated with cardiometabolic diseases. The consumption of whole fat dairy products, naturally containing such polar lipids (PL), is associated with health benefits, but the impact on sphingolipidome remains unknown.METHODSIn a 4‐week randomized controlled trial, 58 postmenopausal women daily consumed milk PL‐enriched cream cheese (0, 3, or 5 g of milk PL). Postprandial metabolic explorations were performed before and after supplementation. Analyses included SM and Cer species in serum, chylomicrons, and feces. The ileal contents of 4 ileostomy patients were also explored after acute milk PL intake.RESULTSMilk PL decreased serum atherogenic C24:1 Cer, C16:1 SM, and C18:1 SM species (Pgroup < 0.05). Changes in serum C16+18 SM species were positively correlated with the reduction of cholesterol (r = 0.706), LDL‐C (r = 0.666), and ApoB (r = 0.705) (P < 0.001). Milk PL decreased chylomicron content in total SM and C24:1 Cer (Pgroup < 0.001), parallel to a marked increase in total Cer in feces (Pgroup < 0.001). Milk PL modulated some specific SM and Cer species in both ileal efflux and feces, suggesting differential absorption and metabolization processes in the gut.CONCLUSIONMilk PL supplementation decreased atherogenic SM and Cer species associated with the improvement of cardiovascular risk markers. Our findings bring insights on sphingolipid metabolism in the gut, especially Cer, as signaling molecules potentially participating in the beneficial effects of milk PL.TRIAL REGISTRATIONClinicalTrials.gov, NCT02099032, NCT02146339.FUNDINGANR‐11‐ALID‐007‐01$$$ PHRCI‐2014: VALOBAB, no. 14‐007$$$ CNIEL$$$ GLN 2018‐11‐07$$$ HCL (sponsor).
Vitamin D3-supplemented yogurt drink improves insulin resistance and lipid profiles in women with gestational diabetes mellitus: a randomized double blinded clinical trial$$$ Background: Our study aimed to examine the effects of daily consumption of vitamin D3‐supplemented yogurt (VDY) drink on insulin resistance and lipid profiles in pregnant gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) patients. Methods: Participants aged 24‐32 years in their second trimester were randomly assigned to consume either plain yogurt or VDY daily for 16 weeks. Metabolic and lipid profiles including levels of fasting plasma glucose (FPG), serum insulin, triacylglycerol (TAG), total cholesterol (TC) and low‐density lipoprotein (LDL) were assessed at baseline (week 0) and end of trial (week 16). Results: After 16 weeks of intervention, insulin‐related variables including FPG and serum insulin levels were markedly lower in VDY group participants. Insulin resistance parameters, such as homeostasis model of assessment of insulin resistance and β cell function, were also significantly reduced in VDY group participants. Moreover, levels of TAG, TC and LDL, as well as the TC to high‐density lipoprotein ratio, had also significantly decreased in the VDY group. Conclusion: Daily consumption of VDY drink improves insulin resistance and lipid profiles in women with GDM.
Yogurt consumption and risk of colorectal cancer in the Italian European prospective investigation into cancer and nutrition cohort$$$ Fermented dairy products like yogurt have been suggested to protect against colorectal cancer (CRC). We conducted a prospective study on 45,241 (14,178 men$$$ 31,063 women) volunteers of the EPIC‐Italy cohort who completed a dietary questionnaire including specific questions on yogurt intake. During 12 years of follow‐up, 289 volunteers were diagnosed with CRC. Hazard ratios (HRs) for the disease and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were estimated by Cox proportional hazard models, stratified by dietary questionnaire and adjusted for energy intake and other potential confounders. Yogurt intake was inversely associated with CRC risk. For the energy‐adjusted model, HR for CRC in the highest versus lowest tertile of yogurt intake was 0.62 (95% CI, 0.46‐0.83). In the full model adjusted for energy, simple sugar, calcium, fiber, animal fat, alcohol and red meat intake, as well as body mass index, smoking, education and physical activity, HR was 0.65 (95% CI, 0.48‐0.89) in the highest versus lowest tertile. The protective effect of yogurt was evident in the entire cohort, but was stronger in men, although there was no interaction of sex with the yogurt‐CRC association (p(interaction) 0.20, fully adjusted model). In our prospective study, high yogurt intake was significantly associated with decreased CRC risk, suggesting that yogurt should be part of a diet to prevent the disease. Investigation of larger cohorts is necessary to reveal any residual confounding of the association of yogurt intake with CRC risk.
Impact of the community healthcare plan and the free maternity services programme on maternal and child healthcare utilisation in rural Kenya: a dairy farmer population-based study$$$ Background: Access to and utilisation of quality maternal and child healthcare services is generally recognized as the best way to reduce maternal and child mortality. Objectives: We evaluated whether the introduction of a voluntary family health insurance programme, combined with quality improvement of healthcare facilities [The Community Health Plan (TCHP)], and the introduction of free access to delivery services in all public facilities [Free Maternity Services programme (FMS)] increased antenatal care utilisation and use of facility deliveries among pregnant women in rural Kenya. Methods: TCHP was introduced in 2011, whilst the FMS programme was launched in 2013. To measure the impact of TCHP, percentage points (PP) changes in antenatal care utilisation and facility deliveries from the pre‐TCHP to the post‐TCHP period between the TCHP programme area and a control area were compared in multivariable difference‐in‐differences analysis. To measure the impact of the FMS programme, PP changes in antenatal care utilisation and facility deliveries from the pre‐FMS to the post‐FMS period in the pooled TCHP programme and control areas was assessed in multivariable logistic regression analysis. Data was collected through household surveys in 2011 and 2104. Households (n=549) were randomly selected from the member lists of 2 dairy companies, and all full‐term pregnancies in the 3.5 years preceding the baseline and follow‐up survey among women aged 15‐49 at the time of pregnancy were eligible for this study (n=295). Results: Because only 4.1% of eligible women were insured through TCHP during pregnancy, any increase in utilisation attributable to the TCHP programme could only have come about as a result of the quality improvements in TCHP facilities. Antenatal care utilisation significantly increased after TCHP was introduced (14.4 PP$$$ 95% CI: 4.5–24.3$$$ P=0.004), whereas no effect was observed of the programme on facility deliveries (8.8 PP$$$ 95% CI: ‐14.1 to +31.7$$$ P=0.450). Facility deliveries significantly increased after the introduction of the FMS programme (27.9 PP$$$ 95% CI: 11.8–44.1$$$ P=0.001), but antenatal care utilisation did not change significantly (4.0 PP$$$ 95% CI: ‐0.6 to +8.5$$$ P=0.088). Conclusion: Access to the FMS programme increased facility deliveries substantially and may contribute to improved maternal and new‐born health and survival if the quality of delivery services is sustained or further improved. Despite low up‐take, TCHP had a positive effect on antenatal care utilisation among uninsured women by improving the quality of existing healthcare facilities. An alignment of the two programmes could potentially lead to optimal results. Funding: The study was funded by the Health Insurance Fund (http://www.hifund.org/), through a grant from the Dutch Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
The whey fermentation product malleable protein matrix decreases triglyceride concentrations in subjects with hypercholesterolemia: a randomized placebo-controlled trial$$$ Malleable protein matrix (MPM) is a unique whey‐derived ingredient obtained through a fermentation process using proprietary lactic acid bacteria strains from the Lactobacillus kefiranofaciens species. Because evidence from animal models suggests that MPM decreases serum lipid concentrations, the purpose of the present trial was to assess the hypothesis that MPM exerts lipid‐lowering effects in humans. A total of 161 subjects (50% male$$$ age 54.5 ± 9.8 yr, body mass index 26.3 ± 3.6 kg/m(2)) with hypercholesterolemia with baseline low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL‐C) levels of 181 ± 30 mg/dL and normal triglyceride (TG) levels (131 ± 55 mg/dL) were randomized to receive MPM (2 × 15 g/d) or matching placebo. A 6‐wk run‐in phase was followed by a double‐blind 12‐wk treatment phase after randomization. The data were analyzed on an intention‐to‐treat basis. The primary outcome measure was the percentage change of LDL‐C. The secondary outcome measures were changes in TG and high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations as well as changes in other cardiovascular risk factors. After 12 wk of treatment, the relative TG decrease from baseline reached 9.8%, whereas LDL‐C was slightly decreased (by 1.5%) following MPM treatment compared with placebo in the intention‐to‐treat cohort. The treatment effect on TG reduction was much higher in the subset of subjects having TG levels at baseline of 150 mg/dL or above (n=42), reaching 20.0% compared with placebo. High‐density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations, blood pressure, and fasting blood glucose remained unchanged, whereas a positive treatment effect was seen on hemoglobin A(1c). The MPM product was tolerated well without severe adverse events. In conclusion, MPM has significant TG‐lowering properties in subjects with combined hypercholesterolemia and higher TG levels. Its effects on LDL‐C concentrations and glucose metabolism deserve further investigation.
The whey fermentation product malleable protein matrix decreases TAG concentrations in patients with the metabolic syndrome: a randomised placebo-controlled trial$$$ Animal and human studies suggest that a malleable protein matrix (MPM) from whey decreases plasma lipid concentrations and may positively influence other components of the metabolic syndrome such as glucose metabolism and blood pressure (BP). The primary objective of this double‐blind, multi‐centre trial was to investigate the effects of a low‐fat yoghurt supplemented with whey MPM on fasting TAG concentrations in patients with the metabolic syndrome. A total of 197 patients were randomised to receive MPM or a matching placebo yoghurt identical in protein content (15 g/d). Patients were treated during 3 months with two daily servings of 150 g yoghurt each to compare changes from baseline in efficacy variables. MPM treatment resulted in a significantly larger reduction of TAG concentrations in comparison to placebo (relative change ‐16%, P=0·004). The difference was even more pronounced in subjects with elevated fasting TAG (≥200 mg/dl) at baseline (‐18%, P=0·005). The relative treatment difference in fasting plasma glucose was ‐7·1 mg/dl (P=0·089). This effect was also more pronounced in subjects with impaired fasting glucose at baseline (‐11 mg/dl, P=0·03). In patients with hypertension, the relative treatment difference in systolic BP reached ‐5·9 mmHg (P=0·054). The relative treatment difference in body weight was ‐1·7 kg (P=0·015). The most common adverse events were gastrointestinal in nature. Conclusions from the present study are that consumption of a low‐fat yoghurt supplemented with whey MPM twice a day over 3 months significantly reduces fasting TAG concentrations in patients with the metabolic syndrome and improves multiple other cardiovascular risk factors.
Efficacy and tolerability of a cocktail of bacteriophages to treat burn wounds infected by Pseudomonas aeruginosa (PhagoBurn): a randomised, controlled, double-blind phase 1/2 trial$$$ Background: Wound infections are the main cause of sepsis in patients with burns and increase burn‐related morbidity and mortality. Bacteriophages, natural bacterial viruses, are being considered as an alternative therapy to treat infections caused by multidrug‐resistant bacteria. We aimed to compare the efficacy and tolerability of a cocktail of lytic anti‐Pseudomonas aeruginosa bacteriophages with standard of care for patients with burns. Methods: In this randomised phase 1/2 trial, patients with a confirmed burn wound infection were recruited from nine burn centres in hospitals in France and Belgium. Patients were eligible if they were aged 18 years or older and had a burn wound clinically infected with P aeruginosa. Eligible participants were randomly assigned (1:1) by use of an interactive web response system to a cocktail of 12 natural lytic anti‐P aeruginosa bacteriophages (PP1131$$$ 1 × 106 plaque‐forming units [PFU] per mL) or standard of care (1% sulfadiazine silver emulsion cream), both given as a daily topical treatment for 7 days, with 14 days of follow‐up. Masking of treatment from clinicians was not possible because of the appearance of the two treatments (standard of care a thick cream, PP1131 a clear liquid applied via a dressing), but assignments were masked from microbiologists who analysed the samples and patients (treatment applied while patients were under general anaesthetic). The primary endpoint was median time to sustained reduction in bacterial burden by at least two quadrants via a four‐quadrant method, assessed by use of daily swabs in all participants with a microbiologically documented infection at day 0 who were given at least one sulfadiazine silver or phage dressing (modified intention‐to‐treat population). Safety was assessed in all participants who received at least one dressing according to protocol. Ancillary studies were done in the per‐protocol population (all PP1131 participants who completed 7 days of treatment) to assess the reasons for success or failure of phage therapy. This trial is registered with the European Clinical Trials database, number 2014‐000714‐65, and ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT02116010, and is now closed. Findings: Between July 22, 2015, and Jan 2, 2017, across two recruitment periods spanning 13 months, 27 patients were recruited and randomly assigned to receive phage therapy (n=13) or standard of care (n=14). One patient in the standard of care group was not exposed to treatment, giving a safety population of 26 patients (PP1131 n=13, standard of care n=13), and one patient in the PP1131 group did not have an infection at day 0, giving an efficacy population of 25 patients (PP1131 n=12, standard of care n=13). The trial was stopped on Jan 2, 2017, because of the insufficient efficacy of PP1131. The primary endpoint was reached in a median of 144 h (95% CI 48–not reached) in the PP1131 group versus a median of 47 h (23–122) in the standard of care group (hazard ratio 0·29, 95% CI 0·10–0·79$$$ p=0·018). In the PP1131 group, six (50%) of 12 analysable participants had a maximal bacterial burden versus two (15%) of 13 in the standard of care group. PP1131 titre decreased after manufacturing and participants were given a lower concentration of phages than expected (1 × 102 PFU/mL per daily dose). In the PP1131 group, three (23%) of 13 analysable participants had adverse events versus seven (54%) of 13 in the standard of care group. One participant in each group died after follow‐up and the deaths were determined to not be related to treatment. The ancillary study showed that the bacteria isolated from patients with failed PP1131 treatment were resistant to low phage doses. Interpretation: At very low concentrations, PP1131 decreased bacterial burden in burn wounds at a slower pace than standard of care. Further studies using increased phage concentrations and phagograms in a larger sample of participants are warranted. Funding: European Commission: Framework Programme 7.
Direct iodine supplementation of infants versus supplementation of their breastfeeding mothers: a double-blind, randomised, placebo-controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Iodine deficiency in infants can damage the developing brain and increase mortality. Present recommendations state that oral iodised oil should be given to breastfeeding mothers to correct iodine deficiency in infancy when iodised salt is not available, and that direct supplementation should be given to infants who are not being breastfed or receiving iodine‐fortified complimentary foods. However, there is little evidence for these recommendations. We aimed to assess the safety and efficacy of direct versus indirect supplementation of the infant. METHODS: We did this double blind, randomised, placebo‐controlled trial in Morocco. Healthy breastfeeding mothers and their term newborn babies (aged ≤8 weeks) were block randomised by clinic day to receive either: one dose of 400 mg iodine to the mother and placebo to the infant (indirect infant supplementation), or one dose of about 100 mg iodine to the infant and placebo to the mother (direct infant supplementation). Randomisation was masked to participants and investigators. Coprimary outcomes were: maternal and infant urinary iodine concentrations, breastmilk iodine concentration, maternal and infant thyroid‐stimulating hormone (TSH) concentrations, maternal and infant thyroxine (T4) concentrations, and infant growth. These outcomes were measured at baseline, and when infants were aged about 3 months, 6 months, and 9 months, and the two groups were compared using mixed effects models. This study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT01126125. FINDINGS: We recruited 241 mother‐infant pairs between Feb 25, and Aug 10, 2010, and completed data collection by Aug 6, 2011. At baseline, median urinary iodine concentration was 35 μg/L (IQR 29‐40) in mothers and 73 μg/L (29‐237) in infants, suggesting iodine deficiency. During the study, maternal urinary iodine concentration (p=0.011), breastmilk iodine concentration (p<0.0001), and infant urinary iodine concentration (p=0.042) were higher in the indirect infant supplementation group than in the direct supplementation group. Maternal TSH (p=0.276) and T4 (p=0.074) concentrations did not differ between the groups over the course of the study, nor did infant TSH (p=0.597) and T4 (p=0.184) concentrations, but the number of infants with thyroid hypofunction was lower (p=0.023) in the indirect supplementation group than the direct supplementation group. The infant groups did not differ in anthropomorphic measures, except that length‐for‐age Z score was slightly greater in the direct infant supplementation group (p=0.032). At 3 months and 6 months of age, median infant urinary iodine concentration in the indirect infant supplementation group was sufficient (>100 μg/L), whereas infant urinary iodine concentration was sufficient only at 6 months in the direct supplementation group. There were no serious adverse events in either group. INTERPRETATION: In regions of moderate‐to‐severe iodine deficiency without effective salt iodisation, lactating women who receive one dose of 400 mg iodine as oral iodised oil soon after delivery can provide adequate iodine to their infants through breastmilk for at least 6 months, enabling the infants to achieve euthyroidism. Direct supplementation is less effective in improving infant iodine status. FUNDING: ETH Zurich, Switzerland$$$ the Medicor Foundation, Vaduz, Lichtenstein.
The effect of yoghurt and its probiotics on blood pressure and serum lipid profile$$$ a randomised controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Despite strong mechanistic data, and promising results from in vitro and animal studies, the ability of probiotic bacteria to improve blood pressure and serum lipid concentrations in humans remains uncertain. The aim of this study was to determine the effect of Lactobacillus acidophilus La5 and Bifidobacterium animalis subsp lactis Bb12, provided in either yoghurt or capsule form, on home blood pressure and serum lipid profile. METHODS AND RESULTS: Following a 3‐week washout period, 156 overweight men and women over 55 y were randomized to a 6‐week double‐blinded, factorial, parallel study. The four intervention groups were: A) probiotic yoghurt plus probiotic capsules$$$ B) probiotic yoghurt plus placebo capsules$$$ C) control milk plus probiotic capsules$$$ and D) control milk plus placebo capsules. Each probiotic test article provided a minimum L. acidophilus La5 and B. animalis subsp. lactis Bb12 dose of 3.0 × 10⁹ CFU/d. Home blood pressure monitoring, consisting of 7‐day bi‐daily repeat measurements, were collected at baseline and week 6. Fasting total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDLC), high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDLC), and serum triglyceride were performed at baseline and week 6. When compared to control milk, probiotic yoghurt did not significantly alter blood pressure, heart rate or serum lipid concentrations (P > 0.05). Similarly, when compared to placebo capsules, supplementation with probiotic capsules did not alter blood pressure or concentrations of total cholesterol LDLC, HDLC, or triglycerides (P > 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: The probiotic strains L. acidophilus La5 and B. animalis subsp. lactis Bb12 did not improve cardiovascular risk factors.
The effect of dairy products on liver fat and metabolic risk markers in males with abdominal obesity - a four-arm randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND & AIMS: In recent years, epidemiological studies have reported links between the consumption of fermented dairy products, such as yogurt, and health$$$ however, evidence from human intervention trials is scarce and inconsistent. We aimed to investigate the effect of consumption of four different types of dairy products (two fermented and two non‐fermented) on liver fat (primary outcome) and metabolic risk markers in males with abdominal obesity. METHODS: In this parallel randomized controlled trial with four arms, 100 males aged 30‐70 years, with body mass index 28.0‐45.0 kg/m2, and waist circumference ≥102 cm underwent a 16‐weeks intervention where they were instructed to consume 400 g/day of either milk, yogurt, heat‐treated yogurt, or acidified milk as part of their habitual diet. Liver fat was measured by magnetic resonance imaging. RESULTS: In the complete case analyses (n = 80), no effects of the intervention or differences between groups were detected in anthropometry or body composition including liver fat. Moreover, no effects were detected in inflammatory markers. Main effects of time were detected in blood pressure (decrease$$$ P < 0.001), insulin (decrease$$$ P < 0.001), C‐peptide (decrease$$$ P = 0.040), homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (decrease$$$ P < 0.001), total cholesterol (decrease$$$ P = 0.016), low‐density lipoprotein (decrease$$$ P = 0.033), high‐density lipoprotein (decrease$$$ P = 0.006), and alanine transaminase (decrease$$$ P = 0.019). Interactions between group and time failed to reach significance. CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, findings from our study do not confirm that fermented yogurt products are superior in reducing liver fat or improving metabolic risk markers compared to non‐fermented milk products. In fact, all intervention products (both fermented yogurt products and non‐fermented milk products) did not affect liver fat and caused largely similar modest favorable changes in some metabolic risk markers. The study was registered at www. CLINICALTRIALS: gov (# NCT04755530).
A study based on feeding in babies with abnormal doppler of umblical cord$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Initiation of feeds at 6 hours of life in babies born to mothers with abnormal doppler flow velocimetry: Feeding route: Orogastric feeding or paladai feeding according to the gestation age Choice of milk and amount of milk initiated: breast milk only, either mothers own milk or pasteurized donor human milk The Pasteurized donor milk supplied by human milk bank of Lady Hardinge medical college, Which is collected from prescreened eligible mothers, pasteurized, stored under recommended guidelines supplied in sterile plastic containers At 6 hours of life babies who are recruited will be randomized Enteral feeds will be initiated at 6 hours of life and in another group enteral feeds will be initiated at 48 hours of life 20 ml/kg/day of enteral feeds will be started on Day 1 from 6 hours of life and rest of required fluids will be given by intravenous fluids. feeds will be hiked daily as described Day 2‐ 40ml/kg/day Day 3‐ 60ml/kg/day Day 4‐ 90ml/kg/day Day 5‐ 120ml/kg/day Day 6 onwards‐ Full feeds Control Intervention1: Initiation of feeds at 48 hours of life in babies born to mothers with abnormal doppler flow velocimetry: Babies will be kept nil per oral and on full intravenous fluids and then 20ml/kg/day of enteral feeds will be initiated at 48 hours of life and rest of required fluids will be given by intravenous fluids. feeds will be hiked daily as described Day 4‐ 40ml/kg/day Day 5‐ 60ml/kg/day Day 6‐ 90ml/kg/day Day 7‐ 120ml/kg/day Day 8 onwards‐ Full feeds CONDITION: Newborn affected by other and unspecified conditions of umbilical cord PRIMARY OUTCOME: To compare the time taken to reach full feeds in small for gestational age babies with gestational age between 28 to 34 completed weeks born to mothers with absent/reversed end diastolic umbilical doppler flow velocity randomized based on timing of initiation of feedsTimepoint: To compare the time taken to reach full feeds in small for gestational age babies with gestational age between 28 to 34 completed weeks born to mothers with absent/reversed end diastolic umbilical doppler flow velocity randomized based on timing of initiation of feeds SECONDARY OUTCOME: To compare the outcome in terms of ‐ Feed Intolerance and Necrotizing Enterocolitis, Duration of hospital stay, Weight gain and anthropometry during the hospital stay, Intravenous fluid related risks and complications, Incidence of sepsis both clinical sepsis and culture proven sepsis, All cause mortalityTimepoint: From admission till discharge of the neonate from Neonatal ward or Nursery INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. All preterm babies described as newborns between 28 to 34 completed weeks of gestation born to mothers with absent/reversed end diastolic flow in umbilical artery doppler flow velocimetry admitted to Nursery and NN ward of Lady Hardinge medical college, New Delhi during the study period 2. Babies who are growth restricted (small for gestational age babies defined as birth weight less than 10th centile according to FentonÃ¢??s chart) 3. Hemodynamically stable prior to randomization 4. Babies whose parents have given an informed consent
An oat bran-based beverage reduce postprandial glycaemia equivalent to yoghurt in healthy overweight subjects$$$ An acute meal study was performed to determine postprandial glucose and insulin responses after consumption of two fermented oat bran‐based beverages (with and without exopolysaccharides) and yoghurt. This randomized, single‐blind, within‐subject study included 18 healthy, overweight participants. Four breakfast meals, including a reference meal, were tested$$$ all meals contained 50g of available carbohydrates, but differed in energy and macronutrient composition. All experimental meals reduced the postprandial glucose response compared with the reference meal. The oat drinks as well as the yoghurt elicited higher early (0‐15min) insulin responses, but the overall insulinaemia were similar to the reference meal. A new food product containing fermented liquid oat bran and milk reduced the postprandial blood glucose response as efficiently as yoghurt after a high‐glycaemic index white wheat bread meal, but the presence of microbial exopolysaccharides did not affect the outcome.
Intake occasion affects the serum cholesterol lowering of a plant sterol-enriched single-dose yoghurt drink in mildly hypercholesterolaemic subjects$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine the impact of intake occasion (with or without a meal), and product fat level on the cholesterol‐lowering efficacy of a plant sterol (PS)‐enriched (3 g/day) single‐dose yoghurt drink. DESIGN: Double‐blind, randomized, placebo‐controlled, parallel study with a 4 weeks run‐in and 4 weeks intervention period. SETTING: Subjects recruited from the general community. SUBJECTS: A total of 184 moderate hypercholesterolaemic subjects (81 men and 103 women) (age 57+/‐2 years) completed the study. INTERVENTIONS: The study product was a 100‐g single‐dose yoghurt drink with or without added PS in the form of PS esters. The subjects were randomly assigned to one of five 4‐week treatments: (i) drink A (0.1% dairy fat, 2.2% total fat) with a meal, (ii) drink A without a meal, (iii) drink B (1.5% dairy fat, 3.3% total fat) with a meal, (iv) drink B without a meal and (v) placebo drink with a meal. RESULTS: LDL‐cholesterol (LDL‐C) was significantly lowered when the single‐dose drink was taken with a meal independent of its fat content (drink A: ‐9.5% (P<0.001, 95% CI: ‐13.8 to ‐5.2)$$$ drink B: ‐9.3% (P<0.001, 95% CI: ‐13.7 to ‐4.9)) as compared to placebo. When consumed without a meal, LDL‐C was also significantly decreased (drink A: ‐5.1% (P<0.05, 95% CI: ‐9.4 to ‐0.8)$$$ drink B: ‐6.9% (P<0.01, 95% CI: ‐11.3 to ‐2.5) as compared to placebo, however the effect was significantly smaller as compared to the intake with a meal. CONCLUSION: These results indicate that a PS‐ester‐enriched single‐dose yoghurt drink effectively reduces LDL‐C irrespective of the fat content of the product. A substantially larger decrease in serum cholesterol concentration was achieved when the single‐dose drink was consumed with a meal emphasizing the importance of the intake occasion for optimal cholesterol‐lowering efficacy. SPONSORSHIP: Unilever Research and Development, Vlaardingen, The Netherlands.
Inflammatory and metabolic responses to high-fat meals with and without dairy products in men$$$ Postprandial inflammation is an important factor for human health since chronic low‐grade inflammation is associated with chronic diseases. Dairy products have a weak but significant anti‐inflammatory effect on postprandial inflammation. The objective of the present study was to compare the effect of a high‐fat dairy meal (HFD meal), a high‐fat non‐dairy meal supplemented with milk (HFM meal) and a high‐fat non‐dairy control meal (HFC meal) on postprandial inflammatory and metabolic responses in healthy men. A cross‐over study was conducted in nineteen male subjects. Blood samples were collected before and 1, 2, 4 and 6 h after consumption of the test meals. Plasma concentrations of insulin, glucose, total cholesterol, LDL‐cholesterol, HDL‐cholesterol, TAG and C‐reactive protein (CRP) were measured at each time point. IL‐6, TNF‐α and endotoxin concentrations were assessed at baseline and endpoint (6 h). Time‐dependent curves of these metabolic parameters were plotted, and the net incremental AUC were found to be significantly higher for TAG and lower for CRP after consumption of the HFM meal compared with the HFD meal$$$ however, the HFM and HFD meals were not different from the HFC meal. Alterations in IL‐6, TNF‐α and endotoxin concentrations were not significantly different between the test meals. The results suggest that full‐fat milk and dairy products (cheese and butter) have no significant impact on the inflammatory response to a high‐fat meal.
Effect of full feeding versus increasing feed volumes in growth restricted infants less than 1500 grams with abnormal antenatal doppler in umbilical artery on the duration of hospital stay$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: EARLY TOTAL ENTERAL FEED: The infants will be started with MEN (minimal enteral nutrition ) and total parenteral nutrition at birth . At the end of 48 hours they will be randomized into the two groups.  Babies allocated to the ETEF group shall receive total enteral feeding in the form of human milk (MOM/PDHM) (mothers own milk/ pasteurized donor human milk) at 48 hours of birth as gavage feeding and continued every 3hourly.The total volume of feeds given will as per total fluid requirements as per the day of life. Feeding Regimen: DAY ETEF IF GROUP (ml/kg/day) D1 MEN MEN D2 MEN MEN D3 120 20 D4 140 40 D5 150 60 D6 150 90 D7 150 120 D8 150 D9 150 D10 150 Following which feeds will be increased as per caloric requirement and weight upto a maximum TFI of 200ml/kg/day. Babies will be followed till discharge. Control Intervention1: INCREMENTAL FEED:  In the IF (incremental feed) group, feeding will be initiated with 20 mL/kg/day of human milk (MOM/PDHM) at 48hours and increased as per the chart given below. The remaining fluid requirement in the incremental feed group will be provided as intravenous fluids through a peripheral line. All feeds will be given 3‐hourly as gavage or spoon feeds. The total volume of feeds given will as per total fluid requirements as per the day of life as mentioned in the chart given below Feeding Regimen: DAY ETEF IF GROUP (ml/kg/day) D1 MEN MEN D2 MEN MEN D3 120 20 D4 140 40 D5 150 60 D6 150 90 D7 150 120 D8 150 D9 150 D10 150 Following which feeds will be increased as per caloric requirement and weight upto a maximum TFI of 200ml/kg/day. Babies will be followed till discharge. CONDITION: Health Condition 1: K00‐K95‐ Diseases of the digestive system PRIMARY OUTCOME: To compare the duration of hospital stay in babies enrolled in both the groups.Timepoint: At discharge SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1.Time taken to achieve 150 ml/kg/d of feed and maintained for three consecutive days. $$$ 2.Time to regain birth weight in days $$$ 3. Number of babies with culture positive sepsis until hospital discharge. $$$ 4.Incidence of ROP (Retinopathy of prematurity) requiring treatment. $$$ 5.Number of episodes of Hypoglycemia $$$ 6.Number of episodes of feed intolerance $$$ 7.Incidence of NEC (Bell’s stage =2) or Spontaneous intestinal perforation any time during hospitalization. $$$ 8.MortalityTimepoint: At discharge INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) Intrauterine growth restricted babies with birth weight of 1‐1.5 kg 2) Antenatal ultrasound showing : a) Absent or Reversed end diastolic flow velocities from umbilical artery on at least one occassion during pregnancies, or b) Ductus venosus PI = 95 percentile or absent / reversed end diastolic velocity in ductus venosus doppler waveforms. 3) Hemodynamically stable at randomisation, as defined by: i) Heart rate in between 100 to 180 beats/min ii) Respiratory rate in between 40 to 60/min with/ without noninvasive respiratory support. iii) Axillary Temperature in between 36.5 to 37.5 ? C iv) Capillary filling time of < 3sec v) Spo2 (saturation of oxygen) between 90 to 95% with/ without noninvasive respiratory support.  vi) BP (blood pressure ) , normal as per normograms.
Regular consumption of vitamin D-fortified yogurt drink (Doogh) improved endothelial biomarkers in subjects with type 2 diabetes: a randomized double-blind clinical trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Endothelial dysfunction has been proposed as the underlying cause of diabetic angiopathy that eventually leads to cardiovascular disease, the major cause of death in diabetes. We recently demonstrated the ameliorating effect of regular vitamin D intake on the glycemic status of patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D). In this study, the effects of improvement of vitamin D status on glycemic status, lipid profile and endothelial biomarkers in T2D subjects were investigated. METHODS: Subjects with T2D were randomly allocated to one of the two groups to receive either plain yogurt drink (PYD$$$ containing 170 mg calcium and no vitamin D/250 mL, n1 = 50) or vitamin D3‐fortified yogurt drink (FYD$$$ containing 170 mg calcium and 500 IU/250 mL, n2 = 50) twice a day for 12 weeks. Anthropometric measures, glycemic status, lipid profile, body fat mass (FM) and endothelial biomarkers including serum endothelin‐1, E‐selectin and matrix metalloproteinase (MMP)‐9 were evaluated at the beginning and after the 12‐week intervention period. RESULTS: The intervention resulted in a significant improvement in fasting glucose, the Quantitative Insulin Check Index (QUICKI), glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), triacylglycerols, high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL‐C), endothelin‐1, E‐selectin and MMP‐9 in FYD compared to PYD (P < 0.05, for all). Interestingly, difference in changes of endothelin‐1, E‐selectin and MMP‐9 concentrations in FYD compared to PYD (‐0.35 ± 0.63 versus ‐0.03 ± 0.55, P = 0.028$$$ ‐3.8 ± 7.3 versus 0.95 ± 8.3, P = 0.003 and ‐2.3 ± 3.7 versus 0.44 ± 7.1 ng/mL, respectively, P < 0.05 for all), even after controlling for changes of QUICKI, FM and waist circumference, remained significant for endothelin‐1 and MMP‐9 (P = 0.009 and P = 0.005, respectively) but disappeared for E‐selectin (P = 0.092). On the contrary, after controlling for serum 25(OH)D, the differences disappeared for endothelin‐1(P = 0.066) and MMP‐9 (P = 0.277) but still remained significant for E‐selectin (P = 0.011). CONCLUSIONS: Ameliorated vitamin D status was accompanied by improved glycemic status, lipid profile and endothelial biomarkers in T2D subjects. Our findings suggest both direct and indirect ameliorating effects of vitamin D on the endothelial biomarkers. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT01236846.
The association of food quality score and cardiovascular diseases risk factors among women: a cross-sectional study$$$ Introduction: Limited studies are available regarding the relationship between Food Quality Score (FQS) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors. Thus, this study was aimed to investigate the association of FQS with CVD risk factors in women. Methods: This cross‐sectional study was carried out among 368 women aged 20‐50 years who randomly selected from health centers across Tehran, Iran. Dietary intake was collected using a reliable and validated food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). The FQS includes vegetables, fruits, whole grains, yogurt, nuts and legumes, coffee, refined grains, desserts and ice cream, sugar‐sweetened beverages, red meats, fried food consumed outside the home, processed meats, potato and potato chips. Standard methods were used to assess blood pressure, biochemical and anthropometric measures. Multivariate logistic regression was used to examine the association between FQS and CVD risk factors. Results: Participant mean age and body mass index (BMI) were 30.7 ± 6.9 years and 24.3 ± 4.0 kg/m2, respectively. After taking potential confounders into account, FQS had no significant association with risk of overweight and obesity [Odds ratio (OR): 1.1, 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.68, 1.8$$$ P = 0.683], diabetes (OR: 0.62, 95% CI: 0.22, 1.74$$$ P = 0.374), metabolic syndrome (OR: 0.36, 95% CI: 0.10, 1.32$$$ P = 0.127), hypercholesterolemia (OR: 0.54, 95% CI: 0.29, 1.01$$$ P= 0.051), or hypertriglyceridemia (OR: 1.63, 95% CI: 0.71, 3.70$$$ P = 0.244). Conclusion: The results showed that FQS was not significantly associated with CVD risk factors among women. Prospective cohort studies are warranted to confirm our findings.
A clinical trialon effectiveness of Ayurvedic medicines in improving the disease free survival and/or controlling recurrence of disease of breast cancer patients, who are carriers of BRCA 1/2 genes using complimentary Ayurvedic treatment$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: A. Suvarna Bhasmadi Vati: Study group patients (1) would have completed their surgery and are on chemotherapy or have completed chemotherapy will start the intervention with following Ayurvedic treatment. Intervention2: Trailokya Chintamani Rasa: Evening ‐ 125 mg with cowâ??s ghee Intervention3: A. Aloe Plus Tab: After lunch and dinner 1 gram with warm water Intervention4: A. Khadirarishta: After lunch and dinner 10ml with 50 ml of water. Intervention5: Panchakarma Treatment: Seasonal Panchkarma Intervention6: SBD/MKD/TC/KK/KH/PANCHAKARMA: Morning‐ Suvarnabhasmadi Yoga â?? 395 mg with cowâ??s ghee, MauktikyuktaKamadudha â?? 500 mg / with milk,Evening Trailokyachintamani â?? 125 mg with cowâ??s ghee, MauktikyuktaKamadudha â?? 500 mg / with milk, After lunch and dinner â??Kumari Kalpa â?? 1 gm, Khadirarishta 10 ml with 50 ml water, Seasonal Panchkarma treatment, Vamana and Basti for year 1 and Basti/Vamana depending upon patientâ??s condition in the 2nd and 3rd year. Local treatment procedure of Shirodhara (rate controlled flow of medicated oil on forehead) with Jatamansi Oil Control Intervention1: NIL: Conventional allopathic treatment completed CONDITION: Health condition â??Breast and ovarian cancer patients carriers of BRCA Â½ genes. Problem studied â??Early metastasis and rapid growth of cancer due to inherited susceptibility genes PRIMARY OUTCOME: For assessment of recurrence or metastasis, clinical examination, mammography, PET CT, CT scan (Abdomen and pelvis), 2D ECHO, and other imaging techniques‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Day 0 (Before starting Ayurvedic medicines),After 6 months of Ayurvedic treatment, After 1 year of Ayurvedic medicines,After 1.5 years of Ayurvedic treatment, After 2 years of Ayurvediic medicines, After 2.5 years of Ayurvedic treatment, After 3 yeras of Ayurvedic medicines SECONDARY OUTCOME: Blood Sugar‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Day 0 ( before starting Ayurvedic treatment) Changes in Heamogram‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Day 0 (Before starting Ayurvedic medicines), After 1 year of Ayurvedic medicines, After 2years of Ayurvediic medicines, After 3 yeras of Ayurvedic medicines Changes in Immune parameters (cytokines) like IL 1, IL‐ 6, IL‐8, IL ‐10, IFN Gamma, TNF Alpha‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Day 0 (Before starting Ayurvedic medicines), After 1 year of Ayurvedic medicines, After 2years of Ayurvediic medicines, After 3 yeras of Ayurvedic medicines Changes in Karnofsky score â?? For performance status‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Day 0 (Before starting Ayurvedic medicines), After 1 year of Ayurvedic medicines, After 2years of Ayurvediic medicines, After 3 yeras of Ayurvedic medicines Changes in Kidney Function Test‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Day 0 (Before starting Ayurvedic medicines), After 1 year of Ayurvedic medicines, After 2years of Ayurvediic medicines, After 3 yeras of Ayurvedic medicines Changes in Liver Function Test‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Day 0 (Before starting Ayurvedic medicines), After 1 year of Ayurvedic medicines, After 2years of Ayurvediic medicines, After 3 yeras of Ayurvedic medicines Changes in Oxidative Stress by Catalase, SOD, GST and GSTP1 Hypermethylation $$$ ‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Day 0 (Before starting Ayurvedic medicines), After 1 year of Ayurvedic medicines, After 2years of Ayurvediic medicines, After 3 yeras of Ayurvedic medicines Changes in Quality of Life Questionnaires (QLQ C30 and BR23) of EORTC for Quality of Life‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Day 0 (Before starting Ayurvedic medicines), After 1 year of Ayurvedic medicines, After 2years of Ayurvediic medicines, After 3 yeras of Ayurvedic medicines INCLUSION CRITERIA: Genetically predisposed patients (BRCA1/2 mutation carriers) with breast or ovarian cancer within 6 months to 1 year of diagnosis. During this period they would have completed conventional cancer treatment.Patients with stage I to IV of disease will be included
Effect of dairy foods on insulin sensitivity and pancreatic function$$$ Background: Dairy food intake has been associated with protection from type 2 diabetes with yogurt 80g/day associated with a 17% reduction in incidence compared with 0 g/day in a recent meta‐analysis of 22 cohort studies. There is no convincing evidence that yogurt consumption in people with or without type 2 diabetes has any effect on glucose levels or insulin resistance. We have found that a high dairy diet of 4‐6 serves/day increased fasting and postprandial insulin levels with no change in C‐peptide levels suggestive of decreased insulin clearance characteristic of early insulin resistance. Objective: To assess the effect of a high yogurt diet on insulin resistance and pancreatic function in subjects without type 2 diabetes. Methods: Participants consumed 0.2 serves/dairy per day (LD, Low Dairy) and 4.4 serves/dairy per day (HD, High Dairy) for 4 weeks each in a randomised crossover design. Average yogurt intake during the HD diet was 1.8 serves/day or 360g/day. Insulin sensitivity at the end of each phase was assessed with a low dose glucose insulin infusion test (LDIGIT) and with a hyperglycemic clamp. Results: 28 participants (12 M, 16F, 9 with IFG or IGT) completed the study. During the LDIGIT a steady state 120‐150 min glucose of 5.4 mmol/l was achieved in both diets with a median insulin of 10.6 (HD) and 11.5 pmol/L (LD) and a calculated insulin sensitivity of 41 and 38 ml/kg/min/pmol/LX10‐3 (p=0.4). In the hyperglycemic clamp steady state glucose was 8.1 and 8.4 mmol/L with a median insulin of 107 (HD) and 116 pmol/L (LD) and a calculated insulin sensitivity of 43 and 48 ml/kg/min/pmol/LX10‐3 (p=0.8). There was a correlation of r=0.73 (p<0.001) for insulin sensitivity with the two methods on the HD diet and a correlation of 0.62‐0.74 between diets (p< or = 0.001). Insulin and C‐peptide for the first 30 minutes was not different between diets on both test days. Conclusions: A yogurt intake in excess of 80g/day for 4 weeks had no effect on insulin sensitivity or pancreatic function.
Effect of daily consumption of probiotic yoghurt on albumin to creatinine ratio, eGFR and metabolic parameters in patients with type 2 diabetes with microalbuminuria: study protocol for a randomised controlled clinical trial$$$ INTRODUCTION: To alleviate clinical symptoms of diabetic nephropathy (DN), several dietary and non‐dietary strategies have been suggested. Probiotic‐enriched foods, through their effects on modulating microflora, might help these patients control the adverse effects. The current study will be done to examine the effects of probiotic yoghurt consumption on albumin to creatinine ratio, estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) and metabolic parameters in patients with type 2 diabetes with nephropathy. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: Sixty patients with DN will be recruited in this study. After block matching for sex, body mass index and age, patients will be randomly assigned to receive 300 g/day probiotic yoghurt containing 106 CFU/g Lactobacillus acidophilus and Bifidobacterium lactis strains or 300 g/day plain yoghurt daily for 8 weeks. Weight, height and waist circumference will be measured at study baseline and after the intervention. Biochemical indicators including glycaemic measures (haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), fasting blood sugar (FBS)), inflammatory markers (high sensitivity‐C reactive protein), lipid profile (total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), low‐density lipoprotein (LDL), high‐density lipoprotein (HDL)) and finally renal makers (creatinine, albumin to creatinine ratio, eGFR) will be assessed at study baseline and at the end of the trial. DISCUSSION: Improving the condition of a person with DN is a serious clinical challenge. The use of probiotic supplements has been considered in these people, but the use of probiotic‐enriched foods has received less attention. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: Iranian Registry of Clinical Trials (www.irct.ir) (IRCT20201125049491N1).
Red meat, dairy, and insulin sensitivity: a randomized crossover intervention study$$$ Background: Epidemiologic studies have linked high consumption of red and processed meat with risk of developing type 2 diabetes, whereas high dairy consumption has been associated with decreased risk, but interventions have been limited. Objective: We compared the effects on insulin sensitivity of consuming a diet high in lean red meat with minimal dairy, a diet high in primarily low‐fat dairy (from milk, yogurt, or custard) with no red meat, and a control diet that contained neither red meat nor dairy. Design: A randomized crossover study was undertaken with 47 overweight and obese men and women divided into 2 groups as follows: those with normal glucose tolerance and those with impaired fasting glucose or impaired glucose tolerance. Participants followed the 3 weight‐stable dietary interventions for 4 wk with glucose, insulin, and C‐peptide measured by using oral‐glucose‐tolerance tests at the end of each diet. Results: Fasting insulin was significantly higher after the dairy diet than after the red meat diet (P < 0.01) with no change in fasting glucose resulting in a decrease in insulin sensitivity after the high‐dairy diet (P < 0.05) as assessed by homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA‐IR). A significant interaction between diet and sex was observed such that, in women alone, HOMA‐IR was significantly lower after the red meat diet than after the dairy diet (1.33 +/‐ 0.8 compared with 1.71 +/‐ 0.8, respectively$$$ P < 0.01). Insulin sensitivity calculated by using the Matsuda method was 14.7% lower in women after the dairy diet than after the red meat diet (P < 0.01) with no difference between diets in men. C‐peptide was not different between diets. Conclusion: In contrast to some epidemiologic findings, these results suggest that high consumption of dairy reduces insulin sensitivity compared with a diet high in lean red meat in overweight and obese subjects, some of whom had glucose intolerance. This trial was registered at the Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry as ACTRN12613000441718.
Efficacy of vitamin D3-fortified-yogurt drink on anthropometric, metabolic, inflammatory and oxidative stress biomarkers according to vitamin D receptor gene polymorphisms in type 2 diabetic patients: a study protocol for a randomized controlled clinical trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Development of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is determined by the interactions of genetic and environmental factors. This study was designed to evaluate the possible role of VDR single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) on different aspects of diabetic host response (anthropometric, metabolic, oxidative stress and inflammatory) to daily intake of vitamin D through fortified yogurt drink for 12 weeks. METHODS/DESIGN: This study comprises two parts: (i) a case‐control study$$$ and (ii) an intervention trial. In the first part, VDR polymorphisms (Taq1, FokI, Apa1, Bsm1, and Cdx2) are determined in 350 T2DM patients and 350 non‐diabetic subjects. In the second part, the possible effects of daily intake of two servings of vitamin D3‐fortified yogurt drink (FYD$$$ 500 IU vitamin D/250 mL) on some selected metabolic (including insulin resistance), inflammatory and oxidative stress biomarkers in 135 T2DM patients are assessed. To relate the resulted changes in the biomarkers to vitamin D replenishment, another group of diabetic patients (n = 45) are also included in the study who receive 2 servings of plain yogurt drink (PYD) a day. The primary outcome is serum level of 25(OH) D, which it is expected to be elevated only in FYD group. Secondary outcomes include improvements in glycemic, metabolic, inflammatory and oxidative stress biomarkers in FYD group compared to PYD group. Three VDR FokI polymorphisms are determined only in FYD group followed by comparison of changes in the biomarkers among these genotypic variants. DISCUSSION: The present study, at least in part, elucidates the discrepancies in the results of different vitamin D‐diabetes studies pertaining to the genetic variations of the population. If VDR polymorphisms are found to influence the response to our intervention, then knowing distribution of VDR polymorphisms in both diabetic and non‐diabetic populations can give a picture of the proportion of the community in whom up to 1000 IU/d vitamin D may not be effective enough to improve insulin resistance and related morbidities. Therefore, they should ideally receive further nutritional support according to their genotype. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT01236846.
Effect of oral administration of kefir on serum proinflammatory cytokines on 5-FU induced oral mucositis in patients with colorectal cancer$$$ In order to investigate the effect of kefir consumption on mucositis induced by 5‐FU based chemotherapy (CT), we monitored the systemic immune response by measurement of the serum proinflammatory cytokine levels and we evaluated the anti‐microbial effect of kefir with an agar diffusion method. Forty patients with colorectal cancer were included in this randomized prospective study. On the first 5 days of each CT cycle, the study group received oral lavage with kefir and then swallowed 250 ml of kefir while control group received oral lavage with 0.09% NaCl twice a day. Before and after every cycle of CT, the oral mucosa was assessed. Serum proinflammatory cytokine levels were evaluated before the initiation and after the third and the sixth cycle. Kefir was administered in 99 out of 205 courses. Mucositis developed in 27.3% of the courses given with kefir administration and in 21.7% of the courses given with 0.9% NaCl oral rinses. The difference between the two groups was not statistically significant (p > 0.05). When we compared the serum proinflammatory cytokine levels of the two groups at the baseline and following the third and the sixth cycles, we again found no statistically significant difference (p > 0.05). Kefir consumption at the mentioned doses made no statistically significant effect on serum proinflammatory cytokine levels and on the incidence of mucositis development in cancer patients. Under in vitro conditions, kefir inhibits only Staphylococcus epidermidis.
Low-fat yogurt consumption reduces biomarkers of chronic inflammation and inhibits markers of endotoxin exposure in healthy premenopausal women: a randomised controlled trial$$$ The anti‐inflammatory mechanisms of low‐fat dairy product consumption are largely unknown. The objective of this study was to determine whether low‐fat yogurt reduces biomarkers of chronic inflammation and endotoxin exposure in women. Premenopausal women (BMI 18·5‐27 and 30‐40 kg/m2) were randomised to consume 339 g of low‐fat yogurt (yogurt non‐obese (YN)$$$ yogurt obese (YO)) or 324 g of soya pudding (control non‐obese$$$ control obese (CO)) daily for 9 weeks (n 30/group). Fasting blood samples were analysed for IL‐6, TNF‐α/soluble TNF II (sTNF‐RII), high‐sensitivity C‐reactive protein, 2‐arachidonoyl glycerol, anandamide, monocyte gene expression, soluble CD14 (sCD14), lipopolysaccharide (LPS), LPS binding protein (LBP), IgM endotoxin‐core antibody (IgM EndoCAb), and zonulin. BMI, waist circumference and blood pressure were also determined. After 9‐week yogurt consumption, YO and YN had decreased TNF‐α/sTNFR‐RII. Yogurt consumption increased plasma IgM EndoCAb regardless of obesity status. sCD14 was not affected by diet, but LBP/sCD14 was lowered by yogurt consumption in both YN and YO. Yogurt intervention increased plasma 2‐arachidonoylglycerol in YO but not YN. YO peripheral blood mononuclear cells expression of NF‐κB inhibitor α and transforming growth factor β1 increased relative to CO at 9 weeks. Other biomarkers were unchanged by diet. CO and YO gained approximately 0·9 kg in body weight. YO had 3·6 % lower diastolic blood pressure at week 3. Low‐fat yogurt for 9 weeks reduced biomarkers of chronic inflammation and endotoxin exposure in premenopausal women compared with a non‐dairy control food. This trial was registered as NCT01686204.
Comparative Clinical Study on Collagen Peptide and resistant dextrin (nutritional supplements) in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Collagen Peptide (2.5 & 5 g): Provided amount (2.5g or 5g) of Collagen Peptide to be dissolved in sufficient amount of warm water or milk (â?¼200ml) and consumed once a day, for 12 weeks. Control Intervention1: Resistant dextrin (2.5 & 5 g): Provided amount (2.5g or 5g) of Resistant Dextrin to be dissolved in sufficient amount of warm water or milk (â?¼200ml) and consumed once a day, for 12 weeks. CONDITION: Diabetes Mellitus‐Type II PRIMARY OUTCOME: 1. Fasting Blood Glucose: Prediabetic or normal levels of blood glucose levels $$$ 2. HbA1C: Prediabetic or normal levels of glycated haemoglobin levels $$$ 3. Insulin Resistance: Remarkable reduction of HOMA IR $$$ 4. Fasting Lipid Profile: Remarkable reduction in cholesterol and triglyceride values $$$ 5. Quality of Life Questionnaire: Remarkable improvement in the quality of life of the subject‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 1. Fasting Blood Glucose: Prediabetic or normal levels of blood glucose levels $$$ 2. HbA1C: Prediabetic or normal levels of glycated haemoglobin levels $$$ 3. Insulin Resistance: Remarkable reduction of HOMA IR $$$ 4. Fasting Lipid Profile: Remarkable reduction in cholesterol and triglyceride values $$$ 5. Quality of Life Questionnaire: Remarkable improvement in the quality of life of the subject SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1. Fasting Blood Glucose Levels: Moderate reduction in blood glucose levels $$$ 2. HbA1C: Moderate reduction in glycated haemoglobin levels $$$ 3. Insulin Resistance: Moderate reduction in baseline $$$ 4. Fasting Lipid Profile: Moderate reduction in cholesterol and triglyceride values $$$ 5. Quality of Life Questionnaire: Moderate improvement in the quality of life of the subject. $$$ ‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 1. Fasting Blood Glucose Levels: At Visit 0, Visit 2 (3rd week), visit 3(6th week), visit 4(9th week) and visit 5 (12th week). $$$ 2. HbA1C: At Visit 0, Visit 3(6th week), Visit 5(12th week). $$$ 3. Insulin Resistance: At Visit 0, Visit 5(12th week). $$$ 4. Fasting Lipid Profile: At Visit 0, Visit 5(12th week). $$$ 5. Quality of Life Questionnaire: At Visit 1, Visit 2(3rd week), Visit 3(6th week), Visit 4(9th week), Visit 5(12th week). $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Male and female adults between the ages of 21 and 50 years (both ages inclusive). 2. Subjects with known history/diagnosis of diabetes mellitus (type II). 3. Subjects who are on standard therapy of Sitagliptin for management of diabetes mellitus (type II). 4. Subjects who have no known history or diagnosis of complications association with diabetes mellitus (type II). 5. Subjects who are non‐alcoholic and non‐smokers/non‐users of tobacco. 6. Subjects with Body Mass Index between 18 to 32 kg/m2, both values inclusive. 7. Subjects with normal presentations during physical examination and laboratory investigations â?? complete blood count and serum biochemistry
Short-term effects of yoghurt containing a novel fat emulsion on energy and macronutrient intakes in non-obese subjects$$$ BACKGROUND: The satiating properties of fat remain poorly understood, particularly with reference to its physicochemical characteristics. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the short‐term effects of consumption of yoghurt containing either a novel fat emulsion or normal milk fat, on the energy and macronutrient intakes of non‐obese subjects. DESIGN: Two double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, within‐subject crossover studies were conducted three months apart. Twenty‐nine (15 F, 14 M) and thirty (16 F, 14 M) subjects participated in Study 1 and Study 2 respectively. In each study, subjects were given in random order, 7 days apart, either a 200g portion of a test (5g of a novel fat emulsion + 1 g milk fat) or control (6g milk fat) yoghurt at 1300 h. At 4h post‐consumption subjects were given ad libitum access to a range of foods. Amounts of food consumed by individuals were determined by pre‐ and post‐covert weighing of individual serving dishes. RESULTS: Mean energy intakes were significantly lower after the test yoghurt compared with the control yoghurt in Study 1 (6.4 vs 7.6 MJ$$$ P< 0.001), Study 2 (6.9 vs 7.9 MJ$$$ P<0.001), and for both studies combined (6.7 vs 7.7 MJ$$$ P<0.001). The corresponding fat intakes in Study 1, Study 2 and in the combined studies were all significantly reduced (P< 0.001). Protein and carbohydrate intakes were also significantly reduced in Study 1 (P< 0.05), Study 2 (P< 0.01), and for the combined studies (P< 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that the physicochemical characteristics of small amounts of dietary fat affect short‐term satiety.
Investigating acute satiation and meal termination effects of a commercial lipid emulsion: a breakfast meal study$$$ BACKGROUND: Early clinical studies showed the commercial lipid emulsion Fabuless™ to decrease energy intake (EI) and prevent weight regain, but later studies have failed to confirm this finding. Where appetite suppression has been observed it is commonly attributed to the ileal brake, where emulsified fats pass undigested to the distal small intestine and promote later satiety, but satiety profiles suggest possible transient effects within 15 min. The aim of this study was to determine whether this emulsion promotes short‐term satiation and meal termination. METHODS: In a randomised cross‐over intervention 18 lean men were given 4 lipid preloads immediately prior to a breakfast meal, during which ad libitum food consumption, time to meal termination and VAS‐rated appetite scores were measured. Preloads were given as lipid emulsion and lipid control, both alone as a 'shot' and combined with a dairy yoghurt: (i) lipid emulsion alone (LE, Fabuless™ 4.2g lipid, 0.2MJ), (ii) lipid control alone (LC, 4.2g lipid, 0.2 MJ), (iii) LE+yoghurt (1.2 MJ), (iv) LC+yoghurt (1.2MJ). RESULTS: Whilst both yoghurt preloads suppressed EI at breakfast relative to the 'shots', as expected, neither lipid emulsion suppressed EI or triggered more rapid meal termination when compared to energy matched lipid controls (P>0.05). There was also no difference in VAS‐assessed appetite scores between emulsion and control, for either preload. CONCLUSIONS: When consumed with a meal there was no evidence in lean men that this commercial lipid emulsion promotes satiation or suppresses short‐term food intake.
Investigating acute satiation and meal termination effects of a commercial lipid emulsion: a breakfast meal study$$$ Background: Early clinical studies showed the commercial lipid emulsion Fabuless™ to decrease energy intake (EI) and prevent weight regain, but later studies have failed to confirm this finding. Where appetite suppression has been observed it is commonly attributed to the ileal brake, where emulsified fats pass undigested to the distal small intestine and promote later satiety, but satiety profiles suggest possible transient effects within 15. min. The aim of this study was to determine whether this emulsion promotes short‐term satiation and meal termination. Methods: In a randomised cross‐over intervention 18 lean men were given 4 lipid preloads immediately prior to a breakfast meal, during which ad libitum food consumption, time to meal termination and VAS‐rated appetite scores were measured. Preloads were given as lipid emulsion and lipid control, both alone as a 'shot' and combined with a dairy yoghurt: (i) lipid emulsion alone (LE, Fabuless™ 4.2g lipid, 0.2. MJ), (ii) lipid control alone (LC, 4 .2g lipid, 0.2. MJ), (iii) LE + yoghurt (1.2. MJ), (iv) LC + yoghurt (1.2 MJ). Results: Whilst both yoghurt preloads suppressed EI at breakfast relative to the 'shots', as expected, neither lipid emulsion suppressed EI or triggered more rapid meal termination when compared to energy matched lipid controls (P > 0.05). There was also no difference in VAS‐assessed appetite scores between emulsion and control, for either preload. Conclusions: When consumed with a meal there was no evidence in lean men that this commercial lipid emulsion promotes satiation or suppresses short‐term food intake.
Safety aspects and cholesterol-lowering efficacy of low fat dairy products containing plant sterols$$$ OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to investigate whether a plant sterol mixture would reduce serum cholesterol when added to low fat dairy products in subjects with hypercholesterolaemia, and to examine the effects of the mixture on the serum plant sterol and fat‐soluble vitamin levels. DESIGN: A parallel, double‐blind study. SETTING: The study was performed in three different locations in Finland. SUBJECTS: In total, 164 mildly or moderately hypercholesterolaemic subjects participated in the study. METHODS: The subjects were randomly divided into two groups: a plant sterol group and a control group. The subjects consumed the products for 6 weeks after a 3‐week run‐in period. The targeted plant sterol intake was 2 g/day in the sterol group. RESULTS: During the treatment period, there was a 6.5% reduction in serum total cholesterol in the sterol group while no change was observed in the control group (P<0.0005). Serum low‐density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol was reduced by 10.4% in the sterol group and by 0.6% in the control group (P<0.00005). There was no change during the trial in serum high‐density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol or triacylglycerol concentrations. The HDL/LDL cholesterol ratio increased by 16.1% in the sterol group and by 4.3% in the control group (P=0.0001). Serum plant sterol levels increased significantly (P=0.0001) in the sterol group. None of the fat‐soluble vitamin levels decreased significantly when changes in serum total cholesterol were taken into account. The hypocholesterolaemic effect of sterol administration was not influenced by apolipoprotein E phenotype. CONCLUSIONS: Yoghurt, low‐fat hard cheese and low‐fat fresh cheese enriched with a plant sterol mixture reduced serum cholesterol in hypercholesterolaemic subjects and no adverse effects were noted in the dietary control of hypercholesterolaemia.
Clinical Study to Evaluate the Efficacy of Collagen Peptide as an Add-on Nutritional Therapy in the Management of Diabetes Mellitus (Type II) in Adult Subjects$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Collagen Peptide: For three months 10g of Collagen Peptide to be dissolved in sufficient amount of warm water or milk (200ml) and consumed once a day. Control Intervention1: Placebo: For three months, 10g of Placebo to be dissolved in sufficient amount of warm water or milk (200ml) and consumed once a day. Control Intervention2: Resistant Dextrin: For three months, 10g of Resistant Dextrin to be dissolved in sufficient amount of warm water or milk 200ml and consumed once a day. CONDITION: Diabetes Mellitus (Type II) PRIMARY OUTCOME: Fasting Blood Glucose Levels: 125mg/dL $$$ 2. HbA1C: 6.4% A1C levels $$$ 3. Insulin Sensitivity: 25% reduction of baseline HOMA IR $$$ 4. Fasting Lipid Profile: $$$ a. LDL: Reduction of 10% of baseline LDL $$$ b. Total Cholesterol: Reduction of 10% of baseline Total Cholesterol values $$$ c. HDL: 60mg/dL $$$ d. Triglycerides: Reduction of 10% of baseline Triglycerides $$$ 5. Quality of life Questionnaire: Increase by 15 scores $$$ ‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 1.Fasting Blood Glucose Levels: At V0(Week 0), V2(3 Weeks), V3 (6 Weeks), V4 (9 Weeks), V5 (12 Weeks) $$$ 2.HbA1C: At V0(Week 0), V3 (6 Weeks), V5 (12 Weeks) $$$ 3.Insulin Sensitivity: At V0(Week 0), V5 (12 Weeks) $$$ 4.Fasting Lipid Profile: At V0(Week 0), V5 (12 Weeks) $$$ 5.Quality of Life Questionnaire: At V1(Week 0), V2(3 Weeks), V3 (6 Weeks), V4 (9 Weeks), V5 (12 Weeks) $$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: . Fasting Blood Glucose Levels: Reduction of 10% baseline blood glucose levels $$$ 2. HbA1C: Reduction of 10% of baseline A1C levels $$$ 3. Insulin Sensitivity: 15‐24% reduction of baseline HOMA IR $$$ 4. Fasting Lipid Profile: $$$ a. LDL: Reduction of 5‐9% of baseline LDL $$$ b. Total Cholesterol: Reduction of 5‐9% of baseline Total Cholesterol values $$$ c. HDL: 50‐59 mg/dL $$$ a. Triglycerides: Reduction of 5‐9% of baseline Triglycerides $$$ 5. Quality of life Questionnaire: Increase by 14‐10 scores‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 1.Fasting Blood Glucose Levels: At V0(Week 0), V2(3 Weeks), V3 (6 Weeks), V4 (9 Weeks), V5 (12 Weeks) $$$ 2.HbA1C: At V0(Week 0), V3 (6 Weeks), V5 (12 Weeks) $$$ 3.Insulin Sensitivity: At V0(Week 0), V5 (12 Weeks) $$$ 4.Fadting Lipid Profile: At V0(Week 0), V5 (12 Weeks) $$$ 5.Quality of Life Questionnaire: At V1(Week 0), V2(3 Weeks), V3 (6 Weeks), V4 (9 Weeks), V5 (12 Weeks) $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Male and female adults between the ages of 21 and 50 years (both ages inclusive). 2. Subjects with known history of diabetes mellitus (type II). 3. Subjects who are on oral hypoglycaemic agents for control of diabetes mellitus (type II). 4. Subjects who have no known history or diagnosis of complications association with diabetes mellitus (type II). 5. Subjects who are non‐alcoholic and non‐smokers/non‐users of tobacco. 6. Subjects with Body Mass Index between 18 to 32 kg/m2 , both values inclusive. 7. Subjects with clinically normal presentations during physical examination and laboratory investigations â?? complete blood count and serum biochemistry.
Topical mometasone furoate (0.1%)-An effective prophylaxis for prevention of radiation dermatitis: a prospective randomized study$$$ Aims and Objectives: Radiation‐induced dermatitis, specially using Cobalt 60 with less skin sparing effect than newer high energy photons, remains a common cause for frequent treatment interruptions, compromising response and affecting quality of life. Topical steroids have been tried in preventive or definitive treatment for radiationinduced acute dermatitis. While Mometasone Furoate (0.1%) (MMF) have been tried in breast cancer irradiation for preventing radiation dermatitis with varying outcomes, its use in squamous cell carcinoma of cervix remains in premature stages. The aim of this prospective randomized study was to investigate the effect of MMF (0.1%) in prevention of radiation dermatitis during radiation treatment of cervical carcinoma. Materials and Methods: Between January 2011 and June 2012, 120 patients with histology proven non‐metastatic squamous cell carcinoma of cervix, FIGO stage IB2 onwards, ECOG performance status 0‐2, no comorbid conditions, and normal routine blood reports were included in this study. The patients were randomized into two groups: One group received prophylactic MMF (0.1%) cream on the irradiated skin, daily one time from the start of radiotherapy until the end of radiation and thereafter once daily until 2 weeks after completion of radiation$$$ another group did not receive any prophylactic treatment during concurrent chemoradiation with the same protocol. Total radiation dose was planned at 45‐50 Gy along with boost if needed, in conventional fractionation, along with Inj cisplatin 30 mg/m2 weekly using anterior‐posterior parallel opposed field and treatment was delivered using ATC Cobalt 60. Normal skin care was advised for all patients. All patients received intracavitary brachytherapy as well. The intensity of the acute radiation dermatitis was evaluated on a weekly basis during radiation using RTOG acute radiation morbidity scoring criteria as clinical parameter. The endpoints of the study included the assessment of the toxicity profile between the two arms. The Chi‐squared test (χ2) test was utilized to compare acute skin toxicity between the groups. Statistical significance was assumed at P < 0.05. Results: We had 60 patients in each arm. In MMF arm, patients had less grade 1 (18.3% vs 61.7%), grade 2 (5.0 % vs 16.7%), and grade 3 (1.7% vs 5.0%) skin toxicity than control arm which is statistically significant (P < 0.01). Conclusion: Adding MMF, a potent topical corticosteroid cream, is significantly effective in reducing acute radiation dermatitis.
The effect of kefir consumption on the lipid profile for individuals with normal and dyslipidemic properties: a randomized controlled trial$$$ Objective This research was conducted as a prospective, self‐controlled, eight‐week clinical trial to investigate the effect of kefir consumption on the lipid profile of individuals with normal and dyslipidemic properties. Methods Kefir microorganisms given to volunteer subjects were determined using classical microbial count methods and qReal‐Time Polymerase Chain Reaction. The study was carried out with 23 volunteer hospital health personnel between the ages of 20 and 55 who met the research criteria and did not have any health problems. The volunteers regularly consumed kefir on an empty stomach for four weeks. In the last stage, the eight‐week study was completed by making blood and anthropometric measurements of the subjects, who continued to be studied without kefir consumption for four more weeks Results Considering the changes in the serum lipid profiles of 13 individuals with dyslipidemic symptoms during the 4‐week period they consumed kefir, Total Cholesterol values decreased by 9.15% compared to initial values, LDL‐Cholesterol values decreased by 10.64%, HDL‐Cholesterol values decreased by 6.9%, and triglyceride values decreased by 2.46%. The changes in the serum lipid profiles of 13 individuals with dyslipidemic findings at the end of an eight‐week study were a 5.71% decrease in total cholesterol values (p<0.018) considered statistically significant, as well as a 5.31% decrease in LDL‐Cholesterol values (p<0.021)$$$ the HDL‐Cholesterol results were found to be significant with an 8.58% decrease in the values (p<0.035) and insignificant with a 17.21% increase in the triglyceride values (p<0.926). We concluded that regular kefir consumption was effective in both women and men in lowering total cholesterol and LDL‐Cholesterol from blood lipid profiles, especially in individuals with dyslipidemic symptoms, while this effect was not observed in normal individuals. Conclusion Kefir can positively affect the total cholesterol and LDL‐Cholesterol blood parameters of dyslipidemic individuals with high serum lipid values
Daily intake of conjugated linoleic acid-enriched yoghurts: effects on energy metabolism and adipose tissue gene expression in healthy subjects$$$ Conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) is a group of positional and geometric isomers of conjugated dienoic derivatives of linoleic acid. The present study was designed to determine whether 14‐week CLA supplementation as triacylglycerols (3.76 g) with a 50 : 50 combination of the two main isomers (35 % cis‐9, trans‐11 and 35 % trans‐10, cis‐12) added to flavoured yoghurt‐like products was able to alter body composition in healthy subjects and to alter the expression of several key adipose tissue genes (PPAR gamma, lipoprotein lipase (LPL), hormone‐sensitive lipase (HSL) and uncoupling protein 2 (UCP‐2)). Forty‐four healthy subjects were randomly assigned to consume daily either a CLA‐supplemented yoghurt‐like product or a placebo yoghurt for 98 d. There were no significant effects of CLA supplementation on body weight, fat mass or free fat mass. Basal energy expenditure expressed as kg free fat mass increased significantly in the CLA group (123.3 (SEM 2.5) kJ/kg free fat mass per d on day 98 v. 118.7 (SEM 2.3) kJ/kg free fat mass per d on day 0, P = 0.03). PPAR gamma mRNA gene expression increased significantly with CLA supplementation (53 (SEM 20) %, P < 0.01) and a significant reduction in mRNA levels of HSL was observed ( ‐ 42 (SEM 7) %, P = 0.01). The levels of UCP‐2 and LPL mRNA were not affected. The present results suggest that a 98 d supplementation diet with a 50 : 50 mixture of the two CLA isomers cis‐9, trans‐11 and trans‐10, cis‐12 in a dairy product was unable to alter body composition, although a significant increase in the RMR has been induced. Moreover, changes in mRNA PPAR gamma and HSL in adipose tissue were recorded.
A randomized multicenter phase II trial on efficacy of high-slip skin care pad for hand-foot skin reaction caused by sorafenib in patients with renal cell carcinoma$$$ Background: Hand‐foot skin reaction (HFSR) is the most clinically significant dermatologic toxicity in patients (pts) with metastatic renal cell carcinoma (mRCC) who receive sorafenib. HFSR was found to occur in 72 of 131 Japanese pts (Akaza et al, JJCO, 2007). Since HFSR is reported to be associated with significant tenderness affecting function and quality of life (especially difficulty in walking), prevention and management of HFSR would be mandatory. Although treatment with topical urea cream is frequently performed, the control of pain is not completely established. HFSR may be attributed to keratinous disorders of the skin and tends to develop in particular in areas on the soles of the feet subject for strong pressure. Since high‐slip skin care pad (Remois pad) is a protective dressing on pressure ulcer to reduce surface pressure and to result in the prevention of skin damage, the characteristics of this material may prevent the development and worsening of HFSR. The purpose of the study is to investigate the usefulness of a high‐slip skin care pad for HFSR on the soles. Methods: This randomized, prospective, open‐label trial intends to enroll 100 pts with mRCC who received 400 mg bid of sorafenib. Eligibility criteria include pts with confirmed RCC, within 8 weeks after the initiation of sorafenib treatment, with ECOG‐PS 0 or 1, and with grade 1 HFSR on their sole. Exclusion criteria are pts who had previously treated with other molecular targeted drugs, with a systemic dermatological disease, or with > grade 3 adverse events other than HFSR. Pts are randomized into two groups: high‐slip skin care pad group versus 10% urea cream group. High slip skin care pad is recommended to change every 2‐3 days, and 10% urea cream is ordered to apply and rub to affected sites 2 or 3 times per day. Their subsequent progress will be monitored every 2 weeks by 4 weeks after the initiation of these supportive therapy. Primary endpoint is incidence of Grade 2 or 3 HFSR during these supportive therapy. Secondary endpoints are treatment compliance (dose reduction/discontinuation of sorafenib), pain assessment (visual analogue scale), and safety. Currently 19 pts have enrolled.
The effects of yoghurt containing a novel fat emulsion on energy and macronutrient intakes in non-overweight, overweight and obese subjects$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effects of a yoghurt containing a novel fat emulsion on energy and macronutrient intakes up to 8 h post‐consumption in non‐overweight, overweight and obese subjects, and to assess energy compensation over the following 24 h. DESIGN: A double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, within‐subject crossover design was used. Twenty (10 female, 10 male) non‐overweight (body mass index (BMI) 20‐24.9 kg/m(2)), 20 (10 female, 10 male) overweight (BMI 25‐29.9 kg/m(2)) and 20 (13 female, 7 male) obese (BMI>30 kg/m(2)) subjects participated in the study. Subjects were given in random order, 7 days apart, either a 200 g portion of a test (5 g of a novel fat emulsion+1 g milk fat) or control (6 g milk fat) yoghurt at 09:00 h. At 4 and 8 h post‐consumption subjects were given ad libitum access to a range of foods. Amounts of food consumed were determined by pre and post‐covert weighing of individual serving dishes. Over the following 24 h subjects weighed and recorded all food intakes. RESULTS: Mean energy intakes were significantly lower after the test yoghurt compared with the control yoghurt in non‐overweight (3.79 vs 5.43 MJ$$$ P<0.01) and overweight (4.43 vs 6.12 MJ$$$ P<0.001) subjects 4 h post‐consumption and in non‐overweight (3.82 vs 5.38 MJ$$$ P<0.001), overweight (3.94 vs 5.80 MJ$$$ P<0.001) and obese (4.91 vs 6.26 MJ$$$ P<0.01) subjects 8 h post‐consumption. The corresponding macronutrient intakes were also significantly reduced in non‐overweight and overweight subjects (P<0.01) at 4 h post‐consumption and in all subjects 8 h post‐consumption (P<0.01). In the total group, energy intakes over the following 24 h were also significantly reduced (6.35 vs 7.70 MJ$$$ P<0.01) after the test yoghurt relative to the control yoghurt. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that the effects of this novel fat emulsion are maintained at least up to 8 h and are evident in non‐overweight, overweight and obese subjects.
Management of Anlotinib-Related Adverse Events: data From ALTER 0303$$$ Background: Anlotinib is an oral tyrosine kinase inhibitor targeting VEGFR, FGFR, PDGFR and c‐kit. In the phase Ⅲ ALTER‐0303 trial (Clinical Trial Registry ID: NCT 02388919), anlotinib significantly improved overall survival versus placebo in advanced non‐small‐cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients who had received at least two previous chemotherapy and epidermal growth factor receptor /anaplastic lymphoma kinase targeted therapy regimens. This study summarized adverse event management in this trial. Method: Patients were randomized (2:1) to anlotinib or placebo up to progression or intolerable toxicity. Adverse events were graded according to the National Cancer Institute Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (NCI CTCAE 4.0) and managed by investigators. Adverse events and key strategies for preventing and managing the most common adverse events were described. Proportions were compared using the χ2 test or Fisher's exact test, as appropriate. Two‐sided values of P <0.05 were considered statistically significant. Analyses were calculated by SAS 9.4. Result: Between February 2015, and August 2016, a total of 437 patients were randomized to anlotinib group (n=294) and placebo group (n=143). The most common anlotinb related adverse events were hypertension (64.6%), fatigue (46.3%), TSH elevation (44.6%), hand‐foot syndrome (HFS) (43.2%), hypertriglyceridemia (38.8%), anorexia (38.4%). The most common anlotinib related grade ≥3 adverse events were hypertension (13.3%), HFS (3.7%), and hypertriglyceridemia (2.4%). The median onset time of hypertension, HFS, and hypertriglyceridemia were 6 days, 30 days, and 22 days respectively. To monitor blood pressure, every patient had an electronic manometer. One hundred and eight (36.7%) patients received dihydropyridine calcium channel blockers, 79 (26.9%) patients received converting enzyme inhibitors of angiotensin /angiotensin receptor blockers, 57 (19.4%) patients received diuretics, 35 (11.9%) patients received beta‐blockers. Only 3 (1.0%) patients need dose modification due to hypertension. Prophylactic measures of HFS were recommended. Frequent emollients should be used on hands and feet to maintain skin hydration, manicure or pedicure to control calluses, protect pressure points and tender areas of feet with insole cushions, shock‐absorbing soles, comfortable shoes. Seven (2.3%) patients required dose reduction due to hand‐foot skin syndrome. Eleven (3.7%) patients received cortisone cream for topical therapy. Twenty‐four patients received fibrates to reduce plasma triglyceride level. Two (0.7%) patients required dose reduction due to hypertriglyceridemia. Conclusion: Anlotinb‐related adverse events could be controlled by prophylactic measures, and early intervention. Keywords: non‐small cell lung cancer, adverse event, Anlotinib
Effect of lidocaine spray on reliving non-coring needle puncture-related pain in patients with totally implantable venous access port: a randomized controlled trial$$$ PURPOSE: Patients with the placement of a totally implantable venous access port (TIVAP) commonly suffer from pain caused by inserting a non‐coring needle. At present, lidocaine cream and cold spray are extensively used for pain management, but they are complex to manage in busy medical environments and developing countries. The lidocaine spray combines the analgesic effect of lidocaine cream and the rapid onset of cold spray, which can effectively alleviate the pain related to non‐coring needle puncture in patients with TIVAP. This randomized‐controlled trial aimed to explore the effectiveness, acceptability, and safety of lidocaine spray in relieving the pain of non‐coring needle puncture in patients with TIVAP. METHODS: A total of 84 patients who were hospitalized in the oncology department of a Grade III Level‐A hospital in Shanghai from January 2023 to March 2023 and were implanted with TIVAP and required non‐coring needle puncture were selected as the study subjects. The recruited patients were randomly assigned to the intervention group and the control group (n=42). Before routine maintenance, the intervention group received lidocaine spray 5 min before disinfection, while the control group received water spray 5 min before disinfection. The main clinical outcome was pain, and the degree of puncture pain in both groups was evaluated using the visual analogue scale. RESULTS: There were no significant differences between the two groups in age, gender, educational level, body mass index, port implantation time, and disease diagnosis (P>0.05). The pain score in the intervention and control groups was 15.12±6.61mm and 36.50±18.79mm, respectively (P<0.001). There were 2 (4.8%) patients with moderate pain in the intervention group and 18 (42.9%) patients with moderate pain in the control group (P<0.001). In the control group, 3 (7.1%) patients reported severe pain. The median comfortability score for the two groups of patients was 10, but there was a difference between the two groups (P<0.05) because the intervention group tilted to the right. The successful puncture rate of the first time puncture had no difference between the two groups, both being 100%. Moreover, 33 patients (78.6%) in the intervention group and 12 patients (28.6%) in the control group reported that they would choose the same spray for intervention in the future (P<0.001). During the 1 week of follow‐up, 1 patient in the intervention group developed skin itching (P>0.05). CONCLUSIONS: The local use of lidocaine spray in patients with TIVAP is effective, acceptable, and safe to alleviate the pain caused by non‐coring needle puncture. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Chinese Clinical Trial Registry (registration number: ChiCTR2300072976).
Topical analgesia treats pain and decreases propofol use during lumbar punctures in a randomized pediatric leukemia trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Lumbar punctures are frequently performed in pediatric leukemia for central nervous system leukemic prophylaxis. The contribution of local anesthetic with deep sedation is unknown. The objective was to evaluate EMLA (eutectic mixture of local anesthetics) cream as a pain reliever in conjunction with propofol in the setting of routine lumbar punctures. PROCEDURE: We included patients with acute lymphoblastic leukemia aged 3‐21 years requiring at least two routine lumbar punctures. Patients were randomly assigned to receive EMLA or placebo cream and the alternate treatment with the second procedure. Patients, personnel and outcome assessors were blinded to allocation. The primary outcome included three indirect measures of pain: total median propofol doses, patient movement and heart rate changes at the time of skin puncture in both treatment groups. RESULTS: Twenty‐six patients were enrolled and 25 were analyzed. With EMLA cream, 4 mg/kg (median) of propofol was required (95% CI 3.5‐4.4). With placebo, 4.9 mg/kg of propofol was needed (95% CI 4.3‐5.6$$$ P = 0.008). When EMLA cream was applied, 8% of patients moved, whereas 84% moved with placebo cream (P < 0.0001). There was a lower average heart rate by seven beats in the EMLA treatment compared to placebo (95% CI ‐2.3‐4.3$$$ 4.1‐12.4$$$ P = 0.009). There were no adverse events in either treatment group. CONCLUSIONS: This study demonstrated that the combination of EMLA cream with propofol is beneficial. Topical analgesics are at the discretion of the oncologist, allowing us to advocate for patients by providing safe and efficacious pain management for lumbar punctures.
A paired, double-blind, randomized comparison of a moisturizing durable barrier cream to 10% glycerine cream in the prophylactic management of postmastectomy irradiation skin care: trans Tasman Radiation Oncology Group (TROG) 04.01$$$ PURPOSE: A previous, unblinded study demonstrated that an alcohol‐free barrier film containing an acrylate terpolymer (ATP) was effective in reducing skin reactions compared with a 10% glycerine cream (sorbolene). The different appearances of these products precluded a blinded comparison. To test the acrylate terpolymer principle in a double‐blinded manner required the use of an alternative cream formulation, a moisturizing durable barrier cream (MDBC)$$$ the study was conducted by the Trans Tasman Radiation Oncology Group (TROG) as protocol 04.01. METHODS AND MATERIALS: A total of 333 patients were randomized$$$ 1 patient was ineligible and 14 patients withdrew or had less than 7 weeks' observations, leaving 318 for analysis. The chest wall was divided into medial and lateral compartments, and patients were randomized to have MDBC applied daily to the medial or lateral compartment and sorbolene to the other compartment. Weekly observations, photographs, and symptom scores (pain and pruritus) were collected to week 12 or resolution of skin reactions if earlier. Skin dose was confirmed by centrally calibrated thermoluminescent dosimeters. RESULTS: Rates of medial and lateral compartment Common Toxicity Criteria (CTC), version 3, greater than or equal to grade 3 skin reactions were 23% and 41%, but rates by skin care product were identical at 32%. There was no significant difference between MDBC and sorbolene in the primary endpoint of peak skin reactions or secondary endpoints of area‐under‐the‐curve skin reaction scores. CONCLUSIONS: The MDBC did not reduce the peak skin reaction compared to sorbolene. It is possible that this is related to the difference in the formulation of the cream compared with the film formulation. Skin dosimetry verification and double blinding are essential for radiation skin care comparative studies.
Lidocaine-Prilocaine Cream Compared With Injected Lidocaine for Vulvar Biopsy: a Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ OBJECTIVE: To compare pain control during vulvar biopsy after either application of 5% lidocaine‐prilocaine cream or injection of 1% lidocaine. METHODS: In a single‐site randomized trial, patients who needed vulvar biopsy on a non‐hair‐bearing surface were recruited from a gynecologic oncology clinic to compare lidocaine‐prilocaine cream (placed at least 10 minutes before biopsy) with lidocaine injection (at least 1 minute prior). A sample size of 53 participants in each arm (N=106) was planned. Pain was recorded using a 100 mm visual analog scale at three time points: baseline, after application of anesthesia, and after biopsy. The primary outcome was highest pain score recorded. Secondary outcomes were pain score at biopsy, patient experience, and tolerability and acceptability. Linear regression was used to compare the primary outcome between arms while controlling for baseline vulvar pain. A convenience analysis was performed in March 2019. RESULTS: From October 2018 to March 2019, 38 patients completed informed consent and were randomized. Participants were women with median age of 60 years. Most characteristics between groups were similar. Nineteen were analyzed in the lidocaine‐prilocaine group, and 18 were analyzed in the lidocaine injection group. The median highest pain score in the lidocaine‐prilocaine group was 20.0 mm vs 56.5 mm in the lidocaine injection group. Controlling for baseline pain, the highest pain score in the lidocaine‐prilocaine arm was 25.7 mm lower than in the lidocaine injection arm (95% CI [‐45.1 to ‐6.3]$$$ P<.01). Patients randomized to lidocaine‐prilocaine had a significantly better experience than those receiving injected lidocaine (median experience score 2.0 mm vs 17.0 mm$$$ P=.02). CONCLUSION: Lidocaine‐prilocaine cream before vulvar biopsy resulted in a lower maximum pain score and a significantly better patient rating of the biopsy experience when compared with lidocaine injection. Lidocaine‐prilocaine cream, alone, is a reasonable option to use for vulvar biopsy. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT03654417.
Assessment of skin dose in patients in a multicentre trial comparing a silicon-based gel with standard care for radiation dermatitis$$$ Introduction Radiation induced dermatitis is a common side‐effect of external beam radiotherapy (EBRT). A trial is being conducted across multiple Queensland Health Radiation Oncology departments comparing standard skin care, involving daily application of aqueous cream with other dressings as required, with StrataXRTtm (Stratpharma AG, Switzerland) silicone gel for radiation dermatitis. In‐vivo film dosimetry was a quality assurance requirement to assess treatment planning system (TPS) skin dose accuracy. Method The patients treated with EBRT to the head and neck, breast, axilla/groin or pelvis regions were recruited to this study across three Queensland centres. Treatment plans were developed using Monaco (Elekta Inc) or Pinnacle3 (Philips Healthcare) TPS. Treatment techniques included 3DCRT, IMRT and VMAT. Initial assessment of the skin dose was performed in each patient's treatment plan by calculating the maximum dose region in a 3 mm skin contour extending from the patient's external surface. For the first 2 patients for each treatment site and technique, the calculated skin dose was verified by in‐vivo measurements using Gafchromic EBT3 film. Results Twenty‐eight in‐vivo skin dose assessments were performed and compared with TPS calculated doses. Overall the average percentage difference between measured and calculated dose was 1.7 ± 6.5 %. The 3DCRT technique showed the best agreement independently on treated site, with average percentage difference of ‐1.0 ± 2.6 %. The largest variation between measured and calculate dose was observed for breast patients treated with IMRT technique with the maximum difference of ∼20 %. Conclusion Skin dose calculated in TPS was generally in good agreement with in‐vivo measurements using EBT3 film. However, care should be taken when evaluating dose in regions with soft, deformable surface like breast or abdomen.
Vulvar paget disease: a single centre experience on medical treatment with imiquimod cream 5%$$$ Objectives: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of treatment with Imiquimod cream 5% (3M, St. Paul, MN, USA) on patients with vulvar Paget Disease (VPD). Methods: 37 patients with VPD, referred to the European Institute of Oncology from August 1999 to May 2013, were treated with Imiquimod cream 5% (3M, St. Paul, MN, USA). Reduction of clinical extension of the lesion and relief of symptoms were evaluated. Imiquimod was applied from once to 3 times weekly fora period ranging from6upto24weeks. Long‐term maintenance therapy was also considered Results: 11% of patients had a complete remission of lesion and symptoms, 51% partial regression of lesions, 16% had stable disease, 11% had only subjective response, 7% of patients had a progression to invasive disease. 8% of patients stopped the treatment for side effects. Conclusions: Imiquimod cream 5% (3M, St. Paul, MN, USA) seems to be effective in treatment of VPD. Larger multicenter prospective studies are needed to further validate this treatment particularly in extensive and recurrent cases.
Comparison of the effects of Valsalva maneuver, EMLA cream, and the combination of both in relieving pain of needle insertion on totally implantable access port: a randomized controlled study$$$ BACKGROUND: Totally implantable access port (TIAP) is a subcutaneously implanted, long‐term infusion device that is widely used in oncology patients. However, multiple needle insertions into TIAP may lead to pain, anxiety, and dread in patients. This study aimed to compare the effectiveness of Valsalva maneuver, eutectic mixture of local anesthetics (EMLA) cream, and the combination of both in relieving pain of cannulations on TIAP. METHODS: This was a prospective randomized controlled study. We included 223 patients treated with antineoplastic drugs and randomized them into four groups: EMLA Group (Group E), control Group (Group C), Valsalva maneuver Group (Group V), and EMLA cream combing with Valsalva maneuver Group (Group EV). Each group was given the corresponding intervention before non‐coring needle insertion. The data on pain scores and overall comfort were collected by numerical pain rating scale (NPRS) and visual analog scale (VAS). RESULTS: Group E and Group EV experienced the least amount of pain scores in needle insertion, which was significantly lower than Group V and Group C (p < 0.05). Meanwhile, Group E and Group EV obtained the highest comfort level, which was significantly higher than group C (p < 0.05). Fifteen patients developed localized skin erythema after the application of medical Vaseline or EMLA cream and subsided within half an hour after rubbing. CONCLUSION: EMLA cream is a safe and effective way to alleviate pain during non‐coring needle insertion in TIAP and enhance the overall comfort of patients. We recommend applying EMLA cream 1 h before needle insertion of TIAP, especially in patients having needle phobia or high pain scores from previous non‐coring needle insertion.
Yogurt consumption does not enhance immune function in healthy premenopausal women$$$ Fermented milk products may protect against breast cancer by stimulating immunologic activity. Twenty‐five women [24.0 +/‐ 0.7 (SE) yr] were assigned randomly to two groups: control (n = 12) and yogurt treatment (n = 13). Controls refrained from yogurt products for three months, whereas the yogurt treatment group consumed two cups (454 g/day) of commercially produced yogurt for three consecutive months. Prior yogurt consumption did not exceed 4‐6 cups/mo, and subjects consumed their usual diet during the study. Three‐day diet records and fasting midluteal blood samples were obtained during subjects' first, second, and fourth menstrual cycles (baseline, Month 1, and Month 3, respectively). Macronutrient intakes differed between groups only for carbohydrate. Calcium intake increased for yogurt consumers during intervention. Lymphocyte proliferation induced by concanavalin A, phytohemagglutinin, and pokeweed mitogen, interleukin 2 production, and cytotoxic T lymphocyte‐mediated cytotoxicity was assessed after baseline and Months 1 and 3 for both groups. No significant immune differences between the control and yogurt treatment group were observed for concanavalin A, phytohemagglutinin, pokeweed mitogen, interleukin‐2, or cytotoxicity. In conclusion, three months of yogurt consumption did not enhance ex vivo cell‐mediated immune function in young women.
Nutrient Content in Yoghurt: a comprehensive survey of the UK yoghurt market in advance of government mandated sugar reduction and reformulation$$$ Yoghurt is defined by Codex as a product of the fermentation of Lactobacillus delbrueckii subsp. bulgaricus and Streptococcus thermophilus (LBST)(1). Considered a nutritious food product, yoghurt is a good source of protein, calcium and vitamin D, along with probiotics$$$ and its consumption has been associated with lower risk of obesity and type 2 diabetes in children and adults(2,3). However, data are mixed and the high sugar content of yogurts has been highlighted in recent UK government guidelines for 20 % reduction of total sugar (including a target of 3 8 g/100 g lactose in yogurt or fromage frais) by 2020(4). In this context, the aims of this work were to do a comprehensive survey of the current yoghurt market in the UK, and to analyse the nutrient content across all yoghurts categories. Data was collected from the UK's top five online supermarkets (Kantar Worldpanel, 2016): Asda, Morrisons, Sainsbury's, Tesco and Waitrose, from 07/10/16‐ 16/11/16. Eight categories were used to divide and classify each product systematically using a process flow strategy. Data were screened for duplicates and a non‐redundant database of product information was created that included: nutrient information, serving size, size of pack, claims on pack and ingredients. All data was double‐checked and 5 % of all entries were randomly selected and verified. After removing duplicates, 921 unique products were catalogued in our 8 a priori defined categories: Dairy Alternatives, Dessert, Drinks, Flavoured, Fruit, Kids, Natural and Greek, Organic. Venn analysis demonstrated that of these, only 65 were found in all supermarkets. While 43 6 % of products (n = 402) contained cultures, less that 40 % of these named the cultures and only10 5 % contained the LBST cultures defined by Codex. As illustrated in Fig 1. the median of energy, fat and sugar contents per 100 g of product were highly variable across categories and the range extremely broad. Although lower than the dessert category, medians of sugar in flavoured, fruit and kid yoghurt categories were well above 10 g/100 g. Remarkably, 86 % of Kids's yoghurts contained sugar that contributed to >40 % of total calories and only 1 7 % of Kids yoghurts were low in sugar (</ = 5 g/100 g). On average own brand products had poorer nutrient content in comparison to national brand. We conclude, not all yoghurts, especially within the 'Kids' category, are as healthy as perhaps consumers perceive them. The majority outside of the Natural and Greek category are high in sugar and low in probiotics$$$ sugar reduction and reformulation is warranted.
Chronic consumption of conventional and saturated-fat reduced dairy products have differential effects on low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels in adults at moderate cardiovascular disease risk$$$ Reducing the intake of dietary saturated fatty acids (SFA) to ≤10 % of total energy intake is a key public health strategy aimed at lowering current cardiovascular disease (CVD) incidence. Consumption of dairy products (including butter) represents approximately 35 % of total dietary SFA intake(1). Supplementation of the bovine diet with oleic acid‐rich plant oil has been reported to depress SFA and increase cis‐monounsaturated fatty acids levels in milk, providing a strategy to lower total dietary SFA intake (2). This human intervention study aimed to investigate whether consumption of SFA‐reduced, compared with conventional dairy products, would impact on the fasting lipid profile, glucose and insulin concentrations of adults at moderate CVD risk. Fifty‐four adults (mean age 53 (SD 13) years, BMI 26 (SD 3) kg/m2), completed a double blind, randomised, controlled 12‐week cross‐over study with an 8‐week washout period between treatment arms. Participants replaced habitual dairy foods/snacks with SFA‐reduced or conventional UHT milk, Cheddar cheese and butter (fatty acid (FA) composition of SFA‐reduced vs. conventional dairy products: total SFA: ‐7·0 g/d, C18:1cis: 3·0 g/d, C18:1trans: 2·4 g/d), achieving an isoenergetic daily dietary exchange (41 g/d total fat). At the beginning and end of each treatment period, fasting blood samples were collected for biochemical analysis. LDL‐C was estimated using the Friedewald formula. The homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA‐IR) was calculated using the glucose and insulin data. Preliminary results using mixed model analyses indicate that from baseline, only LDL‐C concentrations were influenced by the FA composition of the dairy products, with the observed increase in LDL‐C concentrations with Diet B shown to be significantly attenuated following Diet A. These preliminary findings are part of the RESET intervention trial (NCT02089035), which will also investigate the impact of consumption of SFA‐reduced dairy products on inflammatory markers and vascular function.
Effect of cucurbita ficifolia and probiotic yogurt consumption on blood glucose, lipid profile, and inflammatory marker in type 2 diabetes$$$ Background: Control of blood sugar, hypertension, and dyslipidemia are key factors in diabetes management. Cucurbita ficifolia (pumpkin) is a vegetable which has been used traditionally as a remedy for diabetes in Iran. In addition, consumption of probiotics may have beneficial effects on people with Type 2 diabetes. The aim of this study was an investigation of the effects of C. ficifolia and probiotic yogurt consumption alone or at the same time on blood glucose and serum lipids in diabetic patients. Methods: Eighty eligible participants randomly were assigned to four groups: 1 ‐ green C. ficifolia (100 g)$$$ 2 ‐ probiotic yogurt (150 g)$$$ 3 ‐ C. ficifolia plus probiotic yogurt (100 g C. ficifolia plus 150 g yogurt)$$$ and 4 ‐control (dietary advice) for 8 weeks. Blood pressure, glycemic response, lipid profile, and high‐sensitive C‐reactive protein (hsCRP) were measured before and after the intervention. Results: Total cholesterol (TC) decreased significantly in yogurt and yogurt plus C. ficifolia groups (within groups P = 0.010, and P < 0.001, respectively). C. ficifolia plus yogurt consumption resulted in a decrease in triglyceride (TG) and an increase in high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL‐C) (within groups P < 0.001 and P = 0.001, respectively). All interventions led to a significant decrease in blood sugar, hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), hsCRP, and low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL‐C) level within groups. Blood pressure decreased significantly in Cucurbita group and yogurt group (within groups P < 0.001, and P = 0.001 for systolic blood pressure [SBP] and P < 0.001, and P = 0.004 for diastolic blood pressure [DBP], respectively). All variables changed between groups significantly except LDL‐C level. Conclusions: Variables including TG, HDL‐C, TC, fasting blood sugar, HbA1c, SBP, DBP, and hsCRP changed beneficially between groups. It seems that consumption of C. ficifolia and probiotic yogurt may help treatment of diabetic patients.
Comparison of effect of Darvyadi ghee verses Darvyadi kwath in two group w.s.r.DM$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Darvyadi ghrita 15ml,BD orally ,30 Days Darvyadi Kashaya 20 ml,BD ,orally 30 Days: Darvyadi ghrita will be prepared as mentioned in classics As mentioned in classics Darvyadi kashaya will be use Control Intervention1: Darvyadi Ghrita Darvyadi Kashaya: Darvyadi ghrita will be prepared as mentioned in classics As mentioned in classics Darvyadi kashaya will be use CONDITION: Type 2 diabetes mellitus with other specified complications PRIMARY OUTCOME: To compare the efficacy of Darvyadi Ghrita and Darvyadi Kashaya by oral medication in vata pradhan Prameha with reference to subjects suffering from Diabetes Mellitus. $$$ Decrease in vataja lakshna like krish, ruksh, alpashi, pipasubhrisham, parisaranshil, daurbala $$$ Blood sugar level ‐FBS and PPBS $$$ Urine analysis: fasting and PP sugar $$$ Glycosylated Hb Ã¢?? (HbA1C) $$$ Timepoint: one year one month SECONDARY OUTCOME: Lipid profile $$$ Improvement in BMI $$$ Waist Hip ratio. $$$ Overall Improvement in Quality of life. $$$ Improvement in Agni Bala, Deha Bala and Chetas Bala as per Ayurveda $$$ $$$ Timepoint: zero,fifteenth,thirtyth days INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1 BMI < 25 2 Significant weight loss.(Loss of 4.5 kg or >5% of the usual body weight over a period of 6‐12 month especially when progressive) 3 Fasting blood glucose Ã¢?? (126‐250mg/dl) 4 PPBS (200‐400 mg/dl)
Investigation of the medium-term effects of Olibratrade mark fat emulsion on food intake in non-obese subjects$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effect of Olibra fat emulsion on medium‐term food intake and appetite in non‐obese subjects. DESIGN: Double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, within‐subject crossover. SETTING: University of Ulster, Coleraine. SUBJECTS: A total of 28 subjects (14 male, 14 female). INTERVENTIONS: Subjects were randomly assigned to receive either a 200 g portion of test (5 g of Olibra fat) or control (5 g milk fat) yoghurt for breakfast for 2 x 3 week 'study' phases, separated by a 3‐week 'wash‐out' phase. On days 1, 8 and 22 of the study phases, food intake 4 h post‐consumption of the yoghurt was assessed by pre‐ and post‐covert weighing at an ad libitum buffet‐style test lunch. Throughout each of these study days, appetite was assessed using visual analogue scales (VAS) at regular intervals. For the remainder of the study days, and the following 24 h ('post‐study days'), subjects reported their food intake using weighed dietary records. RESULTS: Consumption of the Olibra emulsion had no significant effect on mean energy, macronutrient or amounts of food consumed at the lunch 4 h post‐consumption. Self‐reported food intakes indicated that there was no significant effect of the emulsion on energy intakes for the remainder of each study day and post‐study days. There was considerable individual variation in food intakes following consumption of the Olibra emulsion, with 46, 59 and 57% of subjects reducing their energy intakes at lunch on days 1, 8 and 22. There was no consistent effect of the emulsion on appetite ratings. CONCLUSIONS: In contrast to earlier studies, there was no evidence of a short‐ or medium‐term effect of the Olibra emulsion on food intake or appetite. This could be owing to numerous confounding factors influencing eating behaviour and/or the different study design used in the present study.
Effect of pharmacist-led patient education on glycemic control of type 2 diabetics: a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: This study was conducted to evaluate the effect of a clinical pharmacist‐led patient education program for type 2 diabetic patients at Isfahan Endocrine & Metabolism Research Center (IEMRC) from April 2008 to January 2009. METHODS: In a randomized controlled clinical trial, a total of 172 patients with uncontrolled type 2 diabetes were selected and randomly allocated into control and intervention groups. After taking informed written consent, the intervention group received an educational program about oral anti‐hyperglycemic medications, adherence, diabetes dairy log and pill box usage. Patient's glycemic control in the intervention group was followed for three months through either telephone or face to face interviews with the pharmacist. Fasting blood glucose and HbA1c were measured at the start and end of the pharmacist‐led drug education program for both intervention and control groups. RESULTS: After a three months follow‐up, mean fasting blood glucose and HbA1c of the patients in the intervention group decreased significantly compared to control group (p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: This study demonstrates an improvement in diabetes management of type 2 diabetics by involving a pharmacist in the multidisciplinary teams in the outpatient clinics. The results suggest the benefits of adding adherence education to the diabetic education programs.
The effects of kefir in mixed meals on appetite and food intake: a randomized cross-over trial$$$ Objective: The natural probiotic kefir is fermented milk, and may have effects on satiety and voluntary energy intake. This randomized crossover trial aimed to determine whether kefir, consumed with low‐ or high‐glycemic index meals, affects appetite and subsequent food intake. Methods Twenty four healthy females aged 21‐24 years, were recruited from Erciyes University and the surrounding community. The participants were submitted to three different breakfasts: a low glycemic index accompanied by milk, a low glycemic index with kefir, and a high glycemic index with kefir, with a 1‐week washout period between meals. At 0, 15, 30, 60, 90, 120, 150, and 180 minutes after the meal, appetite ratings were measured by the visual analog scale, and then ad libitum lunch was served. Results No differences in appetite scores and voluntary energy intake were detected between the test meals. Furthermore, palatability ratings were similar between test meals, except for the higher score of high glycemic index kefir for overall palatability. Conclusion This study demonstrated that adding kefir to a high glycemic index meal may prevent increases in appetite and food intake, resulting in postprandial responses similar to those of a low glycemic index meal. These findings might enable the development of novel dietary strategies based on appetite regulation to treat or prevent obesity, particularly for Western societies. This trial was registered at ClinicalTrials.gov under the process NCT03636217.
Effect of dietary cholesterol and fat on cell cholesterol transfer to postprandial plasma in hyperlipidemic men$$$ Postprandial chylomicrons are potent ultimate acceptors of cell membrane cholesterol and are believed to accelerate reverse cholesterol transport (RCT). We compared the effects of meals rich in polyunsaturated fat (PUFA) and either high (605 mg) or low (151 mg) in cholesterol and a meal rich in dairy fat (DF) in the form of cream on net in vitro transport of red blood cell (RBC) membrane cholesterol to 4 and 6 h postprandial plasma in eight normotriglyceridemic (NTG‐H) and eight hypertriglyceridemic (HTG‐H) men with mild to moderate hypercholesterolemia. In HTG‐H men, cell cholesterol accumulation in 6‐h postprandial plasma was significantly (P = 0.02) less after the PUFA‐HC meal compared with the other meals. The significant (P < 0.001) increase in cell plus endogenous cholesterol accumulation in the triglyceride‐rich lipoprotein (TRL) fraction of 4 h postprandial plasma incubated with RBC was significantly (P = 0.007) higher after the PUFA‐HC meal compared with DF meal in HTG‐H men. In NTG‐H men, cholesterol accumulation in plasma and plasma lipoproteins in the presence and absence of RBC was not significantly affected by the type of meal ingested. These data suggest that addition of large amounts of cholesterol to a PUFA meal may impair diffusion‐mediated transport of cell membrane cholesterol to postprandial plasma and that replacing DF with PUFA in a meal increases postprandial lipemia and may potentially increase cholesterol accumulation in atherogenic postprandial TRL in HTG‐H men.
The effectiveness of atopic dermatitis prevention in young children and immunological risk factors for the development of allergic diseases$$$ Objective of the study: to evaluate the effectiveness of primary prevention of atopic dermatitis (AtD) in young children and to study the immunological markers of the risk of developing allergic diseases (AD) in children with a burdened family history of AD. Materials and methods: in total, 152 women and 154 children from 0 to 3 years of life (2 women with twins) took part in the study on the prevention of AtD. All patients were divided into 3 groups: the prevention group (1st group), the comparison group (2nd group) and the control group (3rd group). The duration of clinical observation of patients was from 1 year to 7 years. The prevention group used recommendations on a rotational restrictive balanced diet for pregnant women in the III trimester of pregnancy and nursing mothers$$$ clarification of the dangers of unjustified complementary feeding of a newborn in a maternity hospital$$$ the use of formulas based on partial hydrolysis of cow’s milk proteins with absolute indications for complementary feeding in a maternity hospital, with mixed and artificial feeding of children at risk without clinical manifestations of AtD$$$ compliance with the rules for the introduction of complementary foods$$$ correction of functional disorders of the gastrointestinal tract when they occur$$$ recommendations for the organization of hypoallergenic mode of life. The concentration of total IgE in maternal serum, in cord blood (CB) and in the blood serum of a child was determined by enzyme‐linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) (Sandwich Protocol)$$$ quantitative determination of sIgE in the serum of the peripheral blood of the mother, in the CB and in the blood of the child to allergens of cow’s milk, chicken egg, wheat ‐ by ELISA (Allergosorbent Test)$$$ quantitative determination of sIgG4 for food allergens in the peripheral blood of the mother, in the CB and in the blood of a child ‐ by ELISA (Allergosorbent Test)$$$ determination of the level of allergen‐specific production of sulfidoleukotriene C4 (LTC4) and its metabolites ‐ LTD4 and LTE4 in supernatants after stimulation of mononuclear cells (MNCs) of CB (or child’s peripheral blood) with allergens according to the method based on medical technology of the N.N. Petrov National Medical Research Center of Oncology$$$ spontaneous, PHA‐induced and allergen‐specific IL4 and IFNγ‐producing activity of BC MNCs were determined by ELISpot. Results: the study showed, that chances of developing AD in children with a burdened family history who did not receive preventive measures are 3,01 times higher than in children who received a set of preventive measures. The analysis of the characteristics of CB immunological parameters of 120 children with a burdened family history on AD. It was found that the level of total IgE in the mother’s peripheral blood did not affect the chances of developing AD in examined young children. A low level/absence of specific IgG4 for three food allergens in maternal peripheral blood and cord blood was detected in 41 of 120 samples. The chances of developing AD in a child increase by more than 4 times with a low level/absence of specific IgG4 for egg in CB$$$ with a low level/absence of specific IgG4 in CB for milk, the chance of developing AD increases by more than 3 times and almost 1,5 times with a low level/absence of specific IgG4 for wheat. The incidence of a positive CAST reaction during incubation with a house dust mite allergen is significantly higher in children who, during a dynamic observation, formed respiratory tract AD.
Treatment of vulvar intraepithelial neoplasia with topical imiquimod$$$ BACKGROUND: Alternatives to surgery are needed for the treatment of vulvar intraepithelial neoplasia. We investigated the effectiveness of imiquimod 5% cream, a topical immune‐response modulator, for the treatment of this condition. METHODS: Fifty‐two patients with grade 2 or 3 vulvar intraepithelial neoplasia were randomly assigned to receive either imiquimod or placebo, applied twice weekly for 16 weeks. The primary outcome was a reduction of more than 25% in lesion size at 20 weeks. Secondary outcomes were histologic regression, clearance of human papillomavirus (HPV) from the lesion, changes in immune cells in the epidermis and dermis of the vulva, relief of symptoms, improvement of quality of life, and durability of response. Reduction in lesion size was classified as complete response (elimination), strong partial response (76 to 99% reduction), weak partial response (26 to 75% reduction), or no response (< or =25% reduction). The follow‐up period was 12 months. RESULTS: Lesion size was reduced by more than 25% at 20 weeks in 21 of the 26 patients (81%) treated with imiquimod and in none of those treated with placebo (P<0.001). Histologic regression was significantly greater in the imiquimod group than in the placebo group (P<0.001). At baseline, 50 patients (96%) tested positive for HPV DNA. HPV cleared from the lesion in 15 patients in the imiquimod group (58%), as compared with 2 in the placebo group (8%) (P<0.001). The number of immune epidermal cells increased significantly and the number of immune dermal cells decreased significantly with imiquimod as compared with placebo. Imiquimod reduced pruritus and pain at 20 weeks (P=0.008 and P=0.004, respectively) and at 12 months (P=0.04 and P=0.02, respectively). The lesion progressed to invasion (to a depth of <1 mm) in 3 of 49 patients (6%) followed for 12 months (2 in the placebo group and 1 in the imiquimod group). Nine patients, all treated with imiquimod, had a complete response at 20 weeks and remained free from disease at 12 months. CONCLUSIONS: Imiquimod is effective in the treatment of vulvar intraepithelial neoplasia. (Current Controlled Trials number, ISRCTN11290871 [controlled‐trials.com].).
Effects of low-fat dairy intake on blood pressure, endothelial function, and lipoprotein lipids in subjects with prehypertension or stage 1 hypertension$$$ OBJECTIVE: This randomized crossover trial assessed the effects of 5 weeks of consuming low‐fat dairy (one serving/day each of 1% fluid milk, low‐fat cheese, and low‐fat yogurt) versus nondairy products (one serving/day each of apple juice, pretzels, and cereal bar) on systolic and diastolic blood pressures (SBP and DBP), vascular function (reactive hyperemia index [RHI] and augmentation index), and plasma lipids. METHODS: Patients were 62 men and women (mean age 54.5 years, body mass index 29.2 kg/m(2)) with prehypertension or stage 1 hypertension (mean resting SBP/DBP 129.8 mmHg/80.8 mmHg) while not receiving antihypertensive medications. A standard breakfast meal challenge including two servings of study products was administered at the end of each treatment period. RESULTS: Dairy and nondairy treatments did not produce significantly different mean SBP or DBP in the resting postprandial state or from premeal to 3.5 hours postmeal (SBP, 126.3 mmHg versus 124.9 mmHg$$$ DBP, 76.5 mmHg versus 75.7 mmHg), premeal (2.35 versus 2.20) or 2 hours postmeal (2.33 versus 2.30) RHI, and premeal (22.5 versus 23.8) or 2 hours postmeal (12.4 versus 13.2) augmentation index. Among subjects with endothelial dysfunction (RHI ≤ 1.67$$$ n = 14) during the control treatment, premeal RHI was significantly higher in the dairy versus nondairy condition (2.32 versus 1.50, P = 0.002). Fasting lipoprotein lipid values were not significantly different between treatments overall, or in subgroup analyses. CONCLUSION: No significant effects of consuming low‐fat dairy products, compared with low‐fat nondairy products, were observed for blood pressures, measures of vascular function, or lipid variables in the overall sample, but results from subgroup analyses were consistent with the hypothesis that dairy foods might improve RHI in those with endothelial dysfunction.
Effects of low-fat dairy intake on blood pressure, endothelial function, and lipoprotein lipids in subjects with prehypertension or stage 1 hypertension$$$ OBJECTIVE: This randomized crossover trial assessed the effects of 5 weeks of consuming low‐fat dairy (one serving/day each of 1% fluid milk, low‐fat cheese, and low‐fat yogurt) versus nondairy products (one serving/day each of apple juice, pretzels, and cereal bar) on systolic and diastolic blood pressures (SBP and DBP), vascular function (reactive hyperemia index [RHI] and augmentation index), and plasma lipids. METHODS: Patients were 62 men and women (mean age 54.5 years, body mass index 29.2 kg/m(2)) with prehypertension or stage 1 hypertension (mean resting SBP/DBP 129.8 mmHg/80.8 mmHg) while not receiving antihypertensive medications. A standard breakfast meal challenge including two servings of study products was administered at the end of each treatment period. RESULTS: Dairy and nondairy treatments did not produce significantly different mean SBP or DBP in the resting postprandial state or from premeal to 3.5 hours postmeal (SBP, 126.3 mmHg versus 124.9 mmHg$$$ DBP, 76.5 mmHg versus 75.7 mmHg), premeal (2.35 versus 2.20) or 2 hours postmeal (2.33 versus 2.30) RHI, and premeal (22.5 versus 23.8) or 2 hours postmeal (12.4 versus 13.2) augmentation index. Among subjects with endothelial dysfunction (RHI ≤ 1.67$$$ n = 14) during the control treatment, premeal RHI was significantly higher in the dairy versus nondairy condition (2.32 versus 1.50, P = 0.002). Fasting lipoprotein lipid values were not significantly different between treatments overall, or in subgroup analyses. CONCLUSION: No significant effects of consuming low‐fat dairy products, compared with low‐fat nondairy products, were observed for blood pressures, measures of vascular function, or lipid variables in the overall sample, but results from subgroup analyses were consistent with the hypothesis that dairy foods might improve RHI in those with endothelial dysfunction.
Effects of regular-fat and low-fat dairy consumption on daytime ambulatory blood pressure and other cardiometabolic risk factors: a randomized controlled feeding trial$$$ BACKGROUND: The extent to which dairy products and their fat content influence cardiovascular health remains uncertain. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to assess how consumption of low‐fat milk and regular‐fat cheese enriched in γ‐aminobutyric acid (GABA) influences daytime ambulatory blood pressure (BP) and other cardiometabolic risk factors. METHODS: In this crossover controlled feeding study, 55 healthy men and women with high‐normal daytime BP were randomly assigned to sequences of three 6‐wk isoenergetic diets, each comprising 1) no dairy (control diet), 2) 3 daily servings of 1% fat milk, and 3) 1 daily serving of 31% fat cheddar cheese naturally enriched in GABA. Total proteins, carbohydrates, and fats were matched across all 3 diets. The additional 2% of energy from SFAs in the cheese diet was replaced by n‐6 PUFAs in the other diets. RESULTS: Comparison of postdiet ambulatory systolic BP revealed no difference (P = 0.34), which was also the case for ambulatory diastolic BP (P = 0.45). The cheese diet increased serum LDL‐cholesterol concentrations compared with the control and milk diets (+5.8%, P = 0.006 and +7.0%, P = 0.0008, respectively) and increased LDL particle size compared with the milk diet (P = 0.02). HDL‐cholesterol concentrations after the milk diet were lower than after the control diet (‐4.1%$$$ P = 0.009). The milk and cheese diets increased triglycerides compared with the control diet (+9.9%, P = 0.01 and +10.5%, P = 0.007, respectively). There was no significant difference between all diets for C‐reactive protein concentrations and markers of glucose/insulin homeostasis. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that short‐term consumption of dairy products, whether low or regular in fat, has no overall effect on daytime ambulatory BP compared with a dairy‐free diet. Other cardiometabolic risk factors may be differently modified according to the fat content of the dairy product. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02763930.
PDT for vulval intraepithelial neoplasia (VIN): results of pilot study$$$ Background: The treatment of VIN is difficult and may involve extensive and disfiguring surgery. The role of PDT in treatment of VIN is gradually emerging, nevertheless, aspects of indication methodology and outcome measurement need further investigation within a controlled clinical trial setting. Objective: In the current pilot study, the objective was to assess the efficacy of PDT$$$ in symptom relief, and related morphology of the lesion, and to further define the parameters of methodology. Methods: Women with VIN III with important symptoms (pruritus, pain, inflammation +/‐ ulcer, and discharge) entered into the study. Topical ALA‐ PDT was used as a photosensitizer in all but three patients. Application of cream was followed 4 h later by illumination by 630‐nm LED or mostly with diode laser. Results were assessed on the basis of: & Subjective: pain during and after illumination & Morphological response & Symptomatic response Results: There were 30 patients aged between 23 and 81 (mean: 64.5) & Pain during illumination was universal to such an extent that we now use short general anesthetic for women treated with PDT. & Symptom improvement was universal. Four patients became completely asymptomatic. & Patients receiving more than one treatment had a better response & All patients had partial pathological response. Three had complete pathological response weeks after the initial & Patients receiving systemic PDT had better results Conclusions: On the basis of the current experience, we are encouraged to carry out a controlled clinical trials.
Differential impact of the cheese matrix on the postprandial lipid response: a randomized, crossover, controlled trial$$$ Background: In a simulated gastrointestinal environment, the cheese matrix modulates dairy fat digestion. However, to our knowledge, the impact of the cheese matrix on postprandial lipemia in humans has not yet been evaluated.Objective: In healthy subjects, we compared the impact of dairy fat provided from firm cheese, soft cream cheese, and butter on the postprandial response at 4 h and on the incremental area under the curve (iAUC) of plasma triglycerides.Design: Forty‐three healthy subjects were recruited to this randomized, crossover, controlled trial. In random order at intervals of 14 d and after a 12‐h fast, subjects ingested 33 g fat from a firm cheese (young cheddar), a soft cream cheese (cream cheese), or butter (control) incorporated into standardized meals that were matched for macronutrient content. Plasma concentrations of triglycerides were measured immediately before the meal and 2, 4, 6, and 8 h after the meal.Results: Cheddar cheese, cream cheese, and butter induced similar increases in triglyceride concentrations at 4 h (change from baseline: +59%, +59%, and +62%, respectively$$$ P = 0.9). No difference in the triglyceride iAUC0‐8 h (P‐meal = 0.9) was observed between the 3 meals. However, at 2 h, the triglyceride response caused by the cream cheese (change from baseline: +44%) was significantly greater than that induced by butter (change from baseline: +24%$$$ P = 0.002) and cheddar cheese (change from baseline: +16%$$$ P = 0.0004). At 6 h, the triglyceride response induced by cream cheese was significantly attenuated compared with that induced by cheddar cheese (change from baseline: +14% compared with +42%$$$ P = 0.0004).Conclusion: This study demonstrates that the cheese matrix modulates the impact of dairy fat on postprandial lipemia in healthy subjects. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02623790.
Meals with Similar Fat Content from Different Dairy Products Induce Different Postprandial Triglyceride Responses in Healthy Adults: a Randomized Controlled Cross-Over Trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Postprandial lipemia is a risk factor for cardiovascular disease. Dairy products differ in nutrient content and food matrix, and little is known about how different dairy products affect postprandial triglyceride (TG) concentrations. OBJECTIVE: We investigated the effect of meals with similar amounts of fat from different dairy products on postprandial TG concentrations over 6 h in healthy adults. METHODS: A randomized controlled cross‐over study was performed on 47 subjects (30% men), with median (25th‐75th percentile) age of 32 (25‐46) y and body mass index of 23.6 (21.0‐25.8) kg/m2. Meals included 1 of butter, cheese, whipped cream, or sour cream, corresponding to 45 g of fat (approximately 60 energy%). Serum concentrations of TGs (primary outcome), and total cholesterol (TC), low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL cholesterol), high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL cholesterol), insulin, glucose, non‐esterified fatty acids, and plasma glucose‐dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (secondary outcomes) were measured before the meal and 2, 4, and 6 h postprandially. Incremental AUC (iAUC) was calculated for the responses, and data were analyzed using a linear mixed model. RESULTS: Sour cream induced a 61% larger TG‐iAUC0‐6 h compared to whipped cream (P < 0.001), a 53% larger TG‐iAUC0‐6 h compared to butter (P < 0.001), and a 23% larger TG‐iAUC0‐6 h compared to cheese (P = 0.05). No differences in TG‐iAUC0‐6 h between the other meals were observed. Intake of sour cream induced a larger HDL cholesterol‐iAUC0‐6 h compared to cheese (P = 0.01). Intake of cheese induced a 124% larger insulin iAUC0‐6 h compared to butter (P = 0.006). No other meal effects were observed. CONCLUSIONS: High‐fat meals containing similar amount of fat from different dairy products induce different postprandial effects on serum TGs, HDL cholesterol, and insulin in healthy adults. The potential mechanisms and clinical impact of our findings remain to be further elucidated. The study was registered at www.clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02836106.
Composition of two Spanish common dry beans (Phaseolus vulgaris), 'Almonga' and 'Curruquilla', and their postprandial effect in type 2 diabetics$$$ BACKGROUND: Legume consumption has been associated with a lower risk of developing type 2 diabetes. However, the type of legume is a modifier of its effect. Two Spanish dry bean varieties‐white ('Almonga') and cream ('Curruquilla')‐were analyzed and used in a postprandial study in type 2 diabetics to assess glucose, insulin and triacylglycerol in blood. RESULTS: 'Curruquilla' variety had higher total galactoside (stachyose, mainly), trypsin inhibitors and lectin content than 'Almonga'. The canning liquid was discarded prior to the analysis and the bean consumption by the subjects. The canning process reduced the total α‐galactoside content (>50%), practically eliminated trypsin inhibitors, and no lectin content was found. After bean consumption, maximum glucose was obtained at 60 min and was three times lower than that in bread. After bean intake, maximum insulin was produced 60 min with 'Almonga' and occurred later (90 min) with 'Curruquilla' and bread. After 'Almonga' intake, the area under the curve response of triglycerides was 14% lower compared to bread (P = 0.013). CONCLUSIONS: 'Almonga' and 'Curruquilla' are similar in the content of the nutritional but not in that of the antinutritional components. Both beans showed similar effects on blood glucose and insulin in type 2 diabetics and marked differences compared to those of bread in terms of magnitude and time course, but only 'Almonga' rendered a significant reduction in the triglyceridemic response.
Effects of high-dose isoflavones on metabolic and inflammatory markers in healthy postmenopausal women$$$ OBJECTIVE: After menopause, women experience changes in body composition, especially an increase in fat mass. In addition, advancing age, decreased physical activity, and increased inflammation may predispose them to develop type 2 diabetes. Isoflavones have been shown to improve metabolic parameters in postmenopausal women. However, the effect of isoflavones on adipokines/cytokines remains unclear. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of high‐dose isoflavones on inflammatory and metabolic markers in postmenopausal women. METHODS: We measured glucose, insulin, and adipokines/cytokines in 75 healthy postmenopausal women who were randomized to receive 20 g of soy protein with 160 mg of total isoflavones (64 mg genistein, 63 mg daidzein, and 34 mg glycitein) or 20 g of soy protein placebo for 12 weeks. Women taking estrogen discontinued therapy at least 3 months before the study. The supplements were given in a powder form and consumed once daily with milk or other beverages. RESULTS: Mean ages in the placebo and active groups were similar (P = 0.4). Average time since menopause was 9 years, and two thirds of the women underwent natural menopause. There was no significant difference in body mass index at baseline between the groups (placebo, 25.1 kg/m$$$ active, 26 kg/m) and it did not change significantly during the study. At baseline, the placebo group had significantly higher levels of tumor necrosis factor alpha (P < 0.0001)$$$ otherwise, there was no difference in any other parameter. After 12 weeks of treatment, there were significant positive changes in tumor necrosis factor alpha levels within the placebo group (P < 0.0001) and adiponectin levels within the isoflavone group (P = 0.03). Comparison of pre‐post change between the groups showed a small but significant increase in serum adiponectin levels in the isoflavone group (P = 0.03) compared with the placebo group. No significant changes were seen in any other parameter between the two groups. CONCLUSIONS: Healthy, normal‐weight postmenopausal women may not experience improvement in metabolic parameters when given high‐dose isoflavones despite an increase in serum adiponectin levels. The role of isoflavones in obese and insulin‐resistant postmenopausal women needs exploration.
Clear kefir probiotics reduced potentially on glycemic status, lipid peroxidation of the diabetes mellitus patients in west Java, Indonesia$$$ Background and objectives: Hyperglycemia causes excessive free radicals, may increase reactive oxygen species, lipid peroxidation, as well as dysfunction of the pancreatic β cells. Kefir consists of bioactives, exopolysaccharides, antioxidants, immunomodulator. This study was validating the effect of clear kefir probiotic on glycemic status, lipid peroxidation of the Diabetes Mellitus Patients in West Java, Indonesia. Methods: The randomized pretest‐posttest control group study design was conducted in 108 diabetes mellitus (DMT2) patients in public hospitals. Sample were randomized into three groups: (1) DMT2 with HbA1c < 7, received diet and 200 ml clear kefir as intervention group 1, (2) DMT2 with HbA1c > 7, received diet and 200 ml clear kefir as intervention group 2. (3) DMT2 received diet as control group. Blood exopolysaccharide glucose was measured by enzymatic. Peroxidation was measured by MDA‐TBARs. Probiotics characterization was done by microbiology. Data were analyzed by One Way Anova, Duncan test with significance level p <0.05. Research was approved by Ethical Clearance Medicine Faculty of Diponegoro University. Results: Clear kefir supplementation 200 ml/day for 30 days administration, affected on reduction of the blood glucose and MDA level. Statistical analysis showed there were respectively decreased of glucose (p < 0.001), MDA (p < 0.001) except in control. Probiotics were found as many as 106‐109 cfu/mL and declined to 105 cfu/mlduring storage. It was five species of probiotics$$$ Lactobacillus Sp, Sp Lactococcus and Acetobacter and Saccharomyces Sp. Conclusions: Kefir was significantly decreased of the blood glucose, level of MDA. Exploring potentially in a pathogenesis of the pancreatic β cells repairs and antioxidants is challenge for future research.
Camel milk as an adjuvant therapy for the treatment of type 1 diabetes: verification of a traditional ethnomedical practice$$$ There is a traditional belief in the Middle East that regular consumption of camel milk may aid in prevention and control of diabetes. The aim of this work was to evaluate the efficacy of camel milk as an adjuvant therapy in young type 1 diabetics. This 16‐week randomized study enrolled 54 type 1 diabetic patients (average age 20 years) selected from those attending the outpatient diabetes clinic of the Menofia University Hospital, affiliated with Egypt's National Cancer Institute. Subjects were randomly divided into two groups of 27 patients: one received usual management (diet, exercise, and insulin), whereas the other received 500 mL of camel milk daily in addition to standard management. A control group of 10 healthy subjects was also assessed. The following parameters were evaluated at baseline and at 4 and 16 weeks: hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), human C‐peptide, lipid profile, serum insulin, anti‐insulin antibodies, creatinine clearance, albumin in 24‐hour urine, body mass index, and Diabetes Quality of Life score. The following parameters were significantly different between the usual‐management group versus the camel milk group after 16 weeks: fasting blood sugar (227.2 +/‐ 17.7 vs. 98.9 +/‐ 16.2 mg/dL), HbA1c (9.59 +/‐ 2.05[%] vs. 7.16 +/‐ 1.84[%]), serum anti‐insulin antibodies (26.20 +/‐ 7.69 vs. 20.92 +/‐ 5.45 microU/mL), urinary albumin excretion (25.17 +/‐ 5.43 vs. 14.54 +/‐ 5.62 mg/dL/24 hours), daily insulin dose (48.1 +/‐ 6.95 vs. 23 +/‐ 4.05 units), and body mass index (18.43 +/‐ 3.59 vs. 24.3 +/‐ 2.95 kg/m(2)). Most notably, C‐peptide levels were markedly higher in the camel milk group (0.28 +/‐ 0.6 vs. 2.30 +/‐ 0.51 pmol/mL). These results suggest that, as an adjunct to standard management, daily ingestion of camel milk can aid metabolic control in young type 1 diabetics, at least in part by boosting endogenous insulin secretion.
High calcium intake from fat-free milk, body composition and glycaemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes: a randomised crossover clinical trial$$$ We evaluated the effects of high‐Ca fat‐free milk v. low‐Ca control diet on adiposity and on glycaemic control. Fourteen subjects with type 2 diabetes (aged 49·5 (sd 8·6) years, BMI 29·4 (sd 4·5) kg/m2, low habitual Ca consumption (<600 mg/d)) were included in this randomised, crossover clinical trial. Subjects participated in two 12‐week experimental sessions (high‐Ca fat‐free milk (HC) or low‐Ca control (LC)) separated by 8‐week washout. Subjects daily consumed in the laboratory a breakfast shake containing 700 mg (HC) or 6·4 mg (LC) of Ca. Energy‐restricted diets containing 800 mg of dietary Ca/d were prescribed. Dietary records data indicated the consumption of 1200 mg of Ca/d during HC and of 525 mg of Ca/d during LC. There was a greater reduction in body weight, body fat mass, waist circumference and waist:hip ratio after HC. Serum 25‐hydoxyvitamin D and homeostatic model assessment‐2 β‐cell function (HOMA2‐%B) increased, and serum uric acid, parathormone (PTH) and glycated Hb (HbA1c) concentrations reduced after HC. In addition, changes from baseline in terms of serum uric acid, glucose, HbA1c and PTH concentrations were lower, and those of HOMA2‐%B, serum Ca and 25‐hydoxyvitamin D were higher after the HC than after LC. The consumption of approximately three servings of fat‐free milk and 1200 mg of dietary Ca/d enhanced weight loss, improved body composition and promoted glycaemic control in subjects with type 2 diabetes and low habitual Ca consumption (<600 mg/d).
The Effects of a Low Calorie Ketogenic Diet on Glycaemic Control Variables in Hyperinsulinemic Overweight/Obese Females$$$ Diet is a factor which can influence both glycaemic variables and body mass. The aim of this study was to compare the influence of a 12‐week, well‐planned, low‐calorie ketogenic diet (LCKD) on hyperglycaemic, hyperinsulinemic and lipid profile in adult, overweight or obese females. Ninety‐one females who participated in the study were divided into two groups: a LCKD group who followed a hypocaloric ketogenic diet (8% of carbohydrate, 72% of fat and 20% of proteins) (n = 46), and a control group (CG) (n = 45) who continued their typical diet (50% of carbohydrates, 32% of fat and 18% of proteins). Methods: Baseline and post‐intervention glucose (Gl), insulin (I), glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c), Homeostatic model assessment HOMA‐IR, triglycerides (TG) and high‐density cholesterol (HDL‐C) were evaluated. Also, body mass (BM), waist circumference (WC), hip circumference (HC) and thigh circumference (TC) were measured. Results: Compared with the CG, there were significant changes observed in the LCKD group regarding all biochemical variables. Also, BM, TC, WC and AC changed significantly in the LCKD group compared with the CG. Conclusions: The 12‐week LCKD intervention changed the glucose control variables, body mass, as well as waist, hip and thigh circumferences. A low‐calorie ketogenic diet may be recommended for adult females with glucose control variables disturbance and excess body mass.
Carbohydrate sources and glycaemic control in Type 1 diabetes mellitus. EURODIAB IDDM Complications Study Group$$$ AIMS: Little information is available on the relationship between glycated haemoglobin levels and the source or amount of dietary carbohydrate. The present study compares the association of carbohydrate intake with HbA1c between European individuals with Type 1 diabetes mellitus injecting insulin once or twice per day and those with > or = 3 daily injections. METHODS: The relation of carbohydrate intake (total, cereal, fruit, vegetable, milk, and potato carbohydrate assessed by a 3‐day dietary record) to HbA1c was examined in 2084 patients (age 32.6 +/‐ 10.2 years, duration of diabetes 14.8 +/‐ 9.5 years) included in the EURODIAB Complications Study. RESULTS: In both insulin injection regimens, an increased intake of total carbohydrate (% of energy) and a higher consumption of potato carbohydrates (g) were associated with higher levels of HbA1c, whereas an increased intake of vegetable carbohydrate (g) was inversely related to HbA1c. These tendencies were all more pronounced in persons with one or two daily insulin injections. Consumption of cereal and fruit carbohydrates (g) was not related to HbA1c, irrespective of the insulin injection regimen. A trend of HbA1c to increase with higher intakes of milk carbohydrate was confined to those with one or two insulin injections per day (test for interaction: P = 0.01). CONCLUSIONS: In particular, subjects with only 1 or 2 daily insulin injections per day should receive specific advice to correctly consider milk and potato carbohydrates. On the other hand, people with Type 1 diabetes may profit from a higher consumption of vegetable carbohydrates for their levels of HbA1c.
Role of medicated ghee in overweight$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Fixed dose Snehapana: Patient will be administered with 40, 50, 60ml of Murchita tila taila based on the patients digestive capacity for 7 days Control Intervention1: Arohana Snehapana: Patient will be administered with increasing dose of Murchita tila taila starting with 30ml for 7 days CONDITION: Overweight PRIMARY OUTCOME: Fixed Dose Snehapana followed by Virechana if proved more efficacious, would help in treating Overweight more efficiently. $$$ Timepoint: 0th, 4th, 8th, 11th, 12th, 18th day SECONDARY OUTCOME: Not ApplicableTimepoint: Not Applicable INCLUSION CRITERIA: Subjects with BMI 23 and above will be selected irrespective of their religion, sex, occupation. Subjects between age group of 18 to 50 years. Subjets yogya for Snehapana and Virechana. Patients of age group18‐60yrs. Irrespective of Gender. Subjects willing to enroll in the study.
Diabeter: low dosis metformin in combination with yoghurt for the treatment of insulineresistance in persons with overweight$$$ INTERVENTION: Influence of metformin added to yoghurt on metabole control CONDITION: $$$ insulinresistance $$$ lipids 10018424 PRIMARY OUTCOME: 1 HbA1c $$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1 weight $$$ 2 bloodpressure $$$ 3 taste of the product $$$ 4 metformin serumlevels $$$ 5 Insulinresistence by Homa glucose /insulin ratio $$$ 6 lipids $$$ 7 compliance $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: overweight BMI>26, Age>18 and <70, waist: man >92 cm and woman> 82 cm
Diabeter,influence of low dosis metformin added to yoghurt for the treatment of insulinresistence$$$ INTERVENTION: influence of metformine admitted to yoghurt on metabole control CONDITION: $$$ insulinresistence $$$ lipids 10018424 PRIMARY OUTCOME: 1 glucose and HbA1c$$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1 weight $$$ $$$ 2 bloodpressure $$$ $$$ 3 taste of the product $$$ $$$ 4 metformin serumlevels $$$ $$$ 5 Insulinresistence by Homa glucose /insulin ratio $$$ $$$ 6lipids $$$ $$$ 7compliance $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: overweight BMI>26 Age>18 and <70 waist: man >92 cm en woman> 82 cm
Potential role of milk fat globule membrane in modulating plasma lipoproteins, gene expression, and cholesterol metabolism in humans: a randomized study$$$ BACKGROUND: Butter is rich in saturated fat [saturated fatty acids (SFAs)] and can increase plasma low density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, which is a major risk factor for cardiovascular disease. However, compared with other dairy foods, butter is low in milk fat globule membrane (MFGM) content, which encloses the fat. We hypothesized that different dairy foods may have distinct effects on plasma lipids because of a varying content of MFGM. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to investigate whether the effects of milk fat on plasma lipids and cardiometabolic risk markers are modulated by the MFGM content. DESIGN: The study was an 8‐wk, single‐blind, randomized, controlled isocaloric trial with 2 parallel groups including overweight men and women (n = 57 randomly assigned). For the intervention, subjects consumed 40 g milk fat/d as either whipping cream (MFGM diet) or butter oil (control diet). Intervention foods were matched for total fat, protein, carbohydrates, and calcium. Subjects were discouraged from consuming any other dairy products during the study. Plasma markers of cholesterol absorption and hepatic cholesterol metabolism were assessed together with global gene‐expression analyses in peripheral blood mononuclear cells. RESULTS: As expected, the control diet increased plasma lipids, whereas the MFGM diet did not [total cholesterol (±SD): +0.30 ± 0.49 compared with ‐0.04 ± 0.49 mmol/L, respectively (P = 0.024)$$$ LDL cholesterol: +0.36 ± 0.50 compared with +0.04 ± 0.36 mmol/L, respectively (P = 0.024)$$$ apolipoprotein B:apolipoprotein A‐I ratio: +0.03 ± 0.09 compared with ‐0.05 ± 0.10 mmol/L, respectively (P = 0.007)$$$ and non‐HDL cholesterol: +0.24 ± 0.49 compared with ‐0.14 ± 0.51 mmol/L, respectively (P = 0.013)]. HDL‐cholesterol, triglyceride, sitosterol, lathosterol, campesterol, and proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 plasma concentrations and fatty acid compositions did not differ between groups. Nineteen genes were differentially regulated between groups, and these genes were mostly correlated with lipid changes. CONCLUSIONS: In contrast to milk fat without MFGM, milk fat enclosed by MFGM does not impair the lipoprotein profile. The mechanism is not clear although suppressed gene expression by MFGM correlated inversely with plasma lipids. The food matrix should be considered when evaluating cardiovascular aspects of different dairy foods. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01767077.
Role of a prudent breakfast in improving cardiometabolic risk factors in subjects with hypercholesterolemia: a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND & AIMS: It is unclear whether advising a prudent breakfast alone is sufficient to improve blood lipids and cardiometabolic risk factors in overweight hypercholesterolemic subjects. The aim of this study was to investigate whether a prudent low‐fat breakfast (PB) rich in dietary fiber lowers low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL‐C) and other cardiometabolic risk factors in subjects with elevated LDL‐cholesterol levels. METHODS: In a parallel, controlled, 12‐week study, 79 healthy overweight subjects (all regular breakfast eaters) were randomly allocated to a group that received a PB based on Nordic foods provided ad libitum or a control group that consumed their usual breakfast. The primary outcome was plasma LDL‐C. Secondary outcomes were other blood lipids, body weight, sagittal abdominal diameter (SAD), glucose tolerance, insulin sensitivity and inflammation markers (C‐reactive protein [CRP] and tumor necrosis factor receptor‐2 [TNF‐R2]), and blood pressure. The PB was in accordance with national and Nordic nutrition recommendations and included oat bran porridge with low‐fat milk or yogurt, bilberry or lingonberry jam, whole grain bread, low‐fat spread, poultry or fatty fish, and fruit. RESULTS: No differences were found in LDL‐C, other blood lipids, body weight, or glucose metabolism, but SAD, plasma CRP, and TNF‐R2 decreased more during PB compared with controls (p < 0.05). In the overall diet, PB increased dietary fiber and β‐glucan compared with controls (p < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Advising a prudent breakfast for 3 months did not influence blood lipids, body weight, or glucose metabolism but reduced markers of visceral fat and inflammation. The trial was registered in the Current Controlled Trials database (http://www.controlled‐trials.com)$$$ International Standard Randomized Controlled Trial Number (ISRCTN): 84550872.
EFFECTS OF DAILY CONSUMPTION OF YOGHURT ENRICHED WITH VITAMINS B IN COMPARISON TO PLAIN YOGHURT ON TYPE 2 DIABETIC PATIENTS: a RANDOMIZED CLINICAL TRIAL$$$ Rationale: Vitamins B exert multifunctional roles in energy metabolism while in the state of Type 2 Diabetes (T2D) the requirements may be higher. Yoghurt naturally contains vitamins of the B‐complex and enrichment with other members of this vitamin class could offer additional health benefits. The study investigates the effects of consumption of yoghurt enriched with vitamins B1, B5 and B6 compared to plain yoghurt, on T2D patients. Methods: Twenty‐eight (N = 28, men 75%, age 45–75) overweight/obese T2D patients (BMI 27–36 kg/m2) were randomized to a 12 week dietary intervention characterized by the consumption of two servings per day (2 × 200 g) of non‐fat yoghurt either strawberry flavored enriched with vitamins B1, B5 and B6 in a minimum of 15% of the recommended dietary intakes per 100 g (VY) or isocaloric plain yoghurt (PY). Anthropometric characteristics, fasting plasma glucose and insulin, glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA1C) and basal biochemical parameters were measured. Concentrations of vitamins B and homocysteine were also determined in VY group. Results: At the end of the dietary intervention body weight and BMI and were reduced in VY group (P = 0.04 and P = 0.04, respectively) and there was a trend for reduction in HbA1C (P = 0.08), while they remained unchanged in PY group compared to baseline values. In VY group, concentrations of B2 and B6 were increased (P = 0.04 and P = 0.006, respectively) and there was a trend for increase in B1 levels (P = 0.09). A trend towards reduction in homocysteine levels was also observed (P = 0.06). Conclusions: Inclusion of a non‐fat yoghurt enriched with vitamins B in the daily dietary pattern facilitates body weight management, increases vitamins B concentration and ameliorates homocysteine levels of overweight/obese T2D patients.
Hydroxyurea exposure in lactation-A pharmacokinetics study (helps)$$$ Hydroxyurea is a potent and safe disease‐modifying therapy for both children and adults with sickle cell anemia (SCA). Several decades of research data have documented clinical efficacy characterized by fewer acute complications, improved organ function, and reduced mortality. Relatively sparse data exist, however, regarding the risks and benefits of hydroxyurea for mothers with SCA during pregnancy and lactation. Mothers with SCA who wish to breastfeed their babies are discouraged from taking hydroxyurea, due to mostly theoretical concerns about transfer of the drug into breast milk. Determination of the pharmacokinetics (PK) of hydroxyurea in breast milk, along with accurate measurement of the amounts transferred to infants during lactation, are warranted since hydroxyurea is now commonly prescribed to women of child‐bearing years. We designed the prospective HELPS trial (Hydroxyurea Exposure in Lactation: a Pharmacokinetics Study, NCT02990598) with the following objectives: (1) determine the PK profile of hydroxyurea in blood and breast milk$$$ (2) calculate the distribution of hydroxyurea between plasma and milk compartments$$$ (3) measure the amount of hydroxyurea excreted into the milk and urine$$$ and (4) create population PK profiles to estimate infant drug exposure. Lactating women were recruited to receive a single oral dose of hydroxyurea (two 500mg capsules). Breast milk, blood, and urine were collected before the dose and then at scheduled timepoints, including 1 5, 30, 60, 1 20, 1 80, 240, 360, 480, 720, and 1 440 minutes. Hydroxyurea concentrations were measured using a validated HPLC assay. A total of 1 6 women (14 healthy volunteers and 2 with SCA$$$ 11 white and 5 black) were recruited into HELPS$$$ the median age was 31 years (range 26‐38 years) and the median weight was 76.3 kg (range 48.8‐11 5.9 kg). All women were currently lactating and breastfeeding their infants for a median duration of 6 months (range 2‐22 months). After the 1 000mg dose, peak plasma hydroxyurea concentrations ranged from 1 0‐40 μ g/mL, typically at 60‐1 20 minutes after dosing although absorption varied among participants. Hydroxyurea was measured in breast milk at 80% of the plasma concentration, with both compartments having a similar PK profile for each participant, from absorption through distribution and clearance. No hydroxyurea was detected in either plasma or breast milk 24 hours after the dose. With this frequent collection schedule, an average of 2.2 ± 1.0 mg of hydroxyurea transferred into breast milk over the 24‐hour timeframe, with the majority transferred in the first 3‐6 hours. Most of the drug was excreted into the urine, with an average of 542 ± 1 78 mg (range 295‐876 mg) measured over the 24‐hour timeframe$$$ over 90% of urinary excretion occurred in the first 9 hours after the dose. The collection schedule was then modified to assess drug accumulation and equilibrium in more physiologically relevant 3‐hour intervals, which reduced the average amount of hydroxyurea transfer to 1.1 mg$$$ this 50% reduction in drug transfer indicated a rapid equilibrium between milk and plasma compartments. Two lactating women with SCA had similar hydroxyurea PK curves for plasma and milk to the 1 4 healthy volunteers. PK analysis based on the frequent milk collection schedule and a standard 1 50 mL/kg intake per 24 hours concluded that 0.41 ± 0.1 4 mg hydroxyurea will transfer per kg of infant weight per day. Using the World Health Organization definition of Relative Infant Dosage (RID), defined as the infant dose (mg/kg/day) compared to the maternal dose (mg/kg/day), this infant hydroxyurea exposure is 3.1%, where <5% is generally considered safe and acceptable. However, since 48% of the drug transfers in the first 3 hours, the RID would be 1.6% if the mother fed her baby before the D waited 3 hours before the next feeding, and <1% when using a single "pump and dump" process. The HELPS trial provides definitive measurements and PK data regarding hydroxyurea in human breast milk, confirming that drug does transfer but hJuams pa troapid equilibrium between plasma and milk. Breastfeeding mothers will transfer only a small amount of hydroxyurea to their infants, so lactation during hydroxyurea therapy should not be contraindicated. These data are relevant for expanded access to hydroxyurea as a disease‐modifying therapy to lactating women around the world.
Probiotic supplementation prevents high-fat, overfeeding-induced insulin resistance in human subjects$$$ The purpose of the present study was to determine whether probiotic supplementation (Lactobacillus casei Shirota (LcS)) prevents diet‐induced insulin resistance in human subjects. A total of seventeen healthy subjects were randomised to either a probiotic (n 8) or a control (n 9) group. The probiotic group consumed a LcS‐fermented milk drink twice daily for 4 weeks, whereas the control group received no supplementation. Subjects maintained their normal diet for the first 3 weeks of the study, after which they consumed a high‐fat (65 % of energy), high‐energy (50 % increase in energy intake) diet for 7 d. Whole‐body insulin sensitivity was assessed by an oral glucose tolerance test conducted before and after overfeeding. Body mass increased by 06 (se 02) kg in the control group (P< 005) and by 03 (se 02) kg in the probiotic group (P>005). Fasting plasma glucose concentrations increased following 7 d of overeating (control group: 53 (se 01) v. 56 (se 02) mmol/l before and after overfeeding, respectively, P< 005), whereas fasting serum insulin concentrations were maintained in both groups. Glucose AUC values increased by 10 % (from 817 (se 45) to 899 (se 39) mmol/l per 120 min, P< 005) and whole‐body insulin sensitivity decreased by 27 % (from 53 (se 14) to 39 (se 09), P< 005) in the control group, whereas normal insulin sensitivity was maintained in the probiotic group (44 (se 08) and 45 (se 09) before and after overeating, respectively (P>005). These results suggest that probiotic supplementation may be useful in the prevention of diet‐induced metabolic diseases such as type 2 diabetes.
Role of Maharishi Amrit Kalash, Ayurvedic herbal medicine on Breast Cancer$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: MAK: MAK 4 MAK 5 Intervention2: MAK (MAK 4 and MAK 5): MAK 4 paste dose 2tsf twice a day with milk orally. MAK 5 dose 2tablets twice a day with luke warm water orally for a period of 5 to 6 months Control Intervention1: Not applicable: Not applicable CONDITION: Breast Cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Complete regression of tumor (clinical and pathological) in patients with breast cancer during neo‐adjuvant chemotherapy.Timepoint: Clinical regression at each chemotherapy cycle $$$ (3 weekly) intervals. $$$ Pathological regression after surgery (app 6 months). $$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: Reduction of chemo toxicity in patients with breast cancer.Timepoint: After each chemotherapy cycle INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1.Patients who are willing to participate in the study. 2. Women between age18 and 70 years, with histopathologically confirmed breast carcinoma of maximum diameter equal to 2.1 cm or above in whom neoadjuvant chemotherapy is planned. 3.Patients with skin involvement with fixed nodal metastasis will also be included. 4.Patients signed written informed consent. 5.Patients with normal liver and renal function test and normal ECG and echocardiogram.
Effect of low-fat dairy products fortified with 1500IU nano encapsulated vitamin D3 on cardiometabolic indicators in adults with abdominal obesity: a total blinded randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND & AIMS: Vitamin D deficiency is widespread worldwide. In this study, we aimed to evaluate the effect of a nano encapsulated form of vitamin D used for fortifying low‐fat dairy products (milk and yogurt) on anthropometric indices, glycemic status, and lipid profile in subjects with abdominal obesity. METHODS: In a totally (quadruple) blinded, randomized, and parallel‐controlled trial, 306 individuals with abdominal obesity were randomly allocated to one of four groups: fortified low‐fat yogurt (FY, 1500 IU nano encapsulated vitamin D3 per 150 g/d), non‐fortified low‐fat yogurt (nFY), fortified low‐fat milk (FM, 1500 IU nano encapsulated vitamin D3 per 200 g/d), non‐fortified low‐fat milk (nFM), for 10 weeks (nFM and nFY, were considered as the control groups). Anthropometric and biochemical parameters were measured at baseline and after a ten‐week trial in Mashhad, Iran. RESULTS: After the ten‐week intervention, we found a significant increase in serum concentration of 25(OH)D in both the FM and FY groups compared to the respective control groups (19.10 ± 5.69 ng/mL and 20.88 ± 5.76 ng/mL respectively, p < .001). We observed a significant reduction in weight to hip ratio (p = .04) and a significant improvement in triglyceride (p < .001) and HDL‐C (p = .01) only in FM group compared to nFM group. Also, we found a significant reduction in fasting serum insulin (p < .001), and a significant improvement of HOMA‐IR (p < .001) and QUICKI (p < .001) in both intervention groups compared to their placebos. CONCLUSIONS: An intake of fortified dairy products containing nano‐encapsulated vitamin D3 was associated with an improvement in some measures of anthropometric indices, glucose homeostasis, and lipid profiles, particularly in individuals receiving fortified milk. Hence, along with other benefits, fortification of dairy products with vitamin D may be an effective approach to improve some cardiometabolic indicators, such as insulin resistance. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: IRCT20101130005280N27.
Response of central obesity to vitamin D intake in the subjects with type-2 diabetes$$$ Introduction: ‐Objectives: This study aimed to investigate the effects of daily intake of vitamin D‐fortified yogurt drink (doogh) on central obesity indicators in subjects with type 2 diabetes (T2D) and the possible modulation of this effect by vitamin D receptor (VDR)‐Cdx‐2 genotypes. Method / Design: Sixty T2D subjects were randomly allocated to two groups to receive either plain doogh (PD$$$ n=29, containing 170 mg calcium and no vitamin D/250 mL) or vitamin D3‐fortified doogh (FD$$$ n=31, containing 500 IU/250 mL) twice a day for 12 weeks. 25(OH)D, glycemic as well as adiposity indicators were evaluated before and after the intervention. VDR genotypes in extended number of T2D subjects in the FD group (n=60) were determined. Results: After 12 weeks, in FD compared to PD, serum 25(OH) D increased (+35.4 nmol/L vs. ‐4.8 nmol/L, p<0.001) and mean changes of waist circumference (WC$$$ ‐1.3 vs. +1.6 cm, p=0.02), body fat mass (FM$$$ ‐5.1 vs. +0.60 %, p<0.001), truncal fat (TF$$$ ‐1.1 vs. 0.13%, p=0.003) and visceral adipose tissue (VAT$$$ ‐0.80 vs. +0.37 a.u., p<0.001) decreased significantly. Circulating 25(OH)D was raised only in AA group (34.8 nmo/L in AA group vs. ‐6.4nmol/L in AG and ‐1.6nmol/L in GG groups, p<0.001). This difference was accompanied by a significant decrease in changes of WC (p=0.004), FM% (p<0.001) and TF% (p<0.001) in AA genotype. Conclusions: Daily intake of 1000 vitamin D‐fortified doogh for 12 weeks improved the central obesity indices in T2D subjects and the improvement was more pronounced in the carriers of AA genotype of VDR‐Cdx‐2.
A Phase I Dose Escalation Study of Steroid Sulfatase Inhibitor BN83495/STX64 in Postmenopausal Women with ER Positive Breast Cancer$$$ Abstract Number: 4097 Background: BN83495/STX64 is an irreversible steroid sulfatase (STS) inhibitor blocking the hydrolysis of sulfated estrone E1S and dehydroepiandrosterone DHEAS to their unsulfated active forms and thereby preventing conversion to Estradiol (E2) and Androstenediol (adiol), respectively. A phase I dose escalation study was conducted in post‐menopausal women (PW) with ER+ metastatic breast cancer (MBC). The aim of the study was to determine the optimal biological dose (OBD) defined as the dose at which STS inhibition in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) 95% after 7 (D7) and 28 (D28) days of repeated oral daily administration and which also showed a maximal reduction in plasma E2 and adiol levels at D28 with no drug‐related Grade 3 (Gr 3) or higher toxicity. Pharmacokinetics (PK), safety, tolerability and anti‐tumour activity of BN83495 were also assessed.Methods: Patients (pts) had received at least one line of hormone therapy (HT) and at most 2 lines of chemotherapy (CT) in the adjuvant and/or advanced disease setting. Three to six pts were recruited into each of 5 sequential dose cohorts (1, 5, 20, 40 and 80 mg). The steady‐state PK of BN83495 were assessed in all pts. Serum concentrations of E2 and Adiol were determined pre‐dose, on D7 and D28 by HPLC‐MS/MS analysis. Objective antitumor response was assessed according to RECIST criteria (version 1.0).Results: 29 pts were evaluable for safety. All had received one prior HT for MBC (Aromatase Inhibitors (AI): 86.2% Tamoxifen: 13.8%) and 12 (41.4%) received 2 lines of HT for MBC. BN83495 was well tolerated at doses up to 40 mg. Gr 3 fatigue with positive rechallenge was observed after 3 months of treatment in one pt at 80 mg. The main toxicity was dry skin Gr2 (N=12) that was observed in some pts in all cohorts from 20 mg up and was treated with emollient creams. Other toxicities included Gr 1/2 fatigue (N=6), hot flushes (N=3) and nausea (N=2).27 pts were evaluable for efficacy and hormone and STS evaluation. 14 pts received 3 months treatment. There were 3 SD 6 months, one each at 13 months (#020, 40 mg), 8 months (#015, 20 mg) and 7 months (#027, 80 mg, hormone resistant pt). Biopsy‐proven erythematous skin infiltration in one patient (#027) was no longer visible after 1 month of treatment. Nearly complete STS enzyme inhibition was observed at all doses. The OBD was determined to be 40 mg. At this dose, mean Adiol reduction was ‐54.0% (‐74.0‐34.0) and E2 was ‐27.4% (‐47.6‐ ‐7.2).An additional cohort (6 pts) was enrolled at 40 mg and FDG PET‐scan was performed. Decrease >25% in hypermetabolic volume was noted in 2/5 lesions in 2 patients for whom data are available.Conclusion: BN83495 was well tolerated. Disease stabilizations 6 months were observed in this heavily pre‐treated population including in one hormone resistant pt. The OBD was determined to be 40 mg. Complete FDG‐PET scan data will be presented. Based on data obtained so far, BN83495 has shown activity. The study is ongoing.
Cervical intraepithelial Neoplasia grade 2: pilot study comparing excision of transformation zone and photodynamic therapy$$$ Background: Cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN) grade 2 is a pre neoplastic lesion showing regression in 52%, persistent in 35%, progression for CIN 3 in 22% and progression to invasive disease in 5%. The standard treatment is excision of the transformation zone (ETZ) for evaluation of margins and follow up. The purpose of this study is the treatment of CIN‐ 2 with PDT, compared with standard treatment. Study: 20 women were recruited at the Hospital Perola Byington, who collected Pap smear, PCR for identification of HPV and had histological diagnosis of CIN‐2 and were allocated into 2 groups (ETZ and PDT) with 10 patients in each. The ETZ group had part of the cervix removed by Large Loop Excision of the Transformation Zone (LLETZ) and for the procedure it was applied lidocaine 2% in the cervix. PDT group was oriented to apply methyl aminolevulinate cream 20% (MAL) 10 hours before the procedure and after performed the laser fluorescence photo detection with 400nm tip laser, then the single photo treatment with a LED tip, 630nm, in contact with the cervix for 21 minutes, radiant exposure:150 J / cm2, power density: 120mW / cm2. Results: The LLETZ group obtained satisfactory excision with clear margins of the disease, but the cervical reepithelization around 35 days. PDT group showed cervical aspect with superficial neovascularization and mucoid secretions following procedure, 1/10 (10%) patients reported discomfort requiring analgesic and the subsequent follow‐up resulted in negative results of the initial injury. Conclusion: PDT compared to the conventional treatment for CIN ‐2, seems to be an alternative possibility with good results mainly because not cause cervical destruction, side effects or complications resulting in a reduction in hospital costs, beyond the satisfactory response rate technique, thus encouraging its application in public health.
A low-carbohydrate protein-rich bedtime snack to control fasting and nocturnal glucose in type 2 diabetes: a randomized trial$$$ In type 2 diabetes, liver insulin resistance and excess hepatic glucose production results in elevated fasting glucose. A bedtime snack has been recommended to improve fasting glucose, yet there is little evidence supporting this recommendation. Moreover, the optimal composition of a bedtime snack is unknown. Purpose: To determine whether a low‐carbohydrate protein‐rich bedtime snack (Egg) could reduce fasting plasma glucose levels in people with type 2 diabetes when compared to a high‐carbohydrate protein‐rich bedtime snack (Yogurt) or a No Bedtime Snack condition. Secondary outcomes included glucose control assessed by continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) and fasting insulin sensitivity markers. Methods: Using a randomized crossover design, participants with type 2 diabetes (N = 15) completed three separate isocaloric conditions: i) Egg, ii) Yogurt, and iii) No Bedtime Snack, each lasting three days. CGM was collected throughout and duplicate fasting blood samples were obtained on the morning of day 4 in each condition. Results: Fasting plasma glucose (P = 0.04, d = 0.68), insulin (P = 0.04, d = 0.45), and nocturnal glucose (P = 0.02, d = 0.94) were significantly lower, and quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI$$$ P = 0.003) was improved, in the Egg compared to the Yogurt bedtime snack. There were no significant differences between either bedtime snack and No Bedtime Snack. Conclusion: In the short‐term, a low‐carbohydrate bedtime snack (Egg) lowered fasting glucose and improved markers of insulin sensitivity when compared to a high‐carbohydrate protein‐matched bedtime snack (Yogurt). However, consuming a low‐ or high‐carbohydrate bedtime snack did not appear to lower fasting glucose compared to consuming an isocaloric diet with no bedtime snack. Clinical trial registry: clinicaltrials.gov (NCT03207269).
A Randomized Controlled Trial of a Herbal Compound for Improving Metabolic Parameters in Diabetic Patients with Uncontrolled Dyslipidemia$$$ Objective: The aim of this randomized controlled trial was to investigate the effects of a polyherbal compound consisting of Aloe vera, black seed, fenugreek, garlic, milk thistle, and psyllium on diabetic patients with uncontrolled dyslipidemia. Methods: Fifty patients with type 2 diabetes who had dyslipidemia in spite of statin therapy were randomly allocated to two groups: control group (n = 25) receiving a conventional therapy with hypolipidemic and hypoglycemic drugs and intervention group (n = 25) receiving both the conventional therapy and the herbal compound (one sachet twice daily) for 12 weeks. Each sachet contained 300 mg of Aloe vera leaf gel, 1.8 g of black seed, 300 mg of garlic, 2.5 g of fenugreek seed, 1 g of psyllium seed, and 500 mg of milk thistle seed. Results: The levels of serum triglyceride, total cholesterol, low‐density lipoprotein, and HbA1c showed a significant in‐group improvement in the intervention group. However, the effects of the herbal compound on fasting blood glucose remained insignificant. The compound had no unwanted effect on the kidney function parameters (urea, creatinine) and serum liver enzymes (alanine aminotransferase and aspartate transaminase). Conclusion: The tested herbal compound, as an add‐on to statin therapy, was effective in lowering the serum lipids in diabetic patients with uncontrolled dyslipidemia.
Vitamin D receptor Cdx-2-dependent response of central obesity to vitamin D intake in the subjects with type 2 diabetes: a randomised clinical trial$$$ This study aimed to investigate the effects of daily intake of vitamin D‐fortified yogurt drink (doogh) on central obesity indicators in subjects with type 2 diabetes (T2D) and the possible modulation of this effect by vitamin D receptor (VDR) Cdx‐2 genotypes. A total of sixty T2D subjects were randomly allocated to two groups to receive either plain doogh (PD$$$ n 29, containing 170 mg Ca and no vitamin D/250 ml) or vitamin D3‐fortified doogh (FD$$$ n 31, containing 170 mg Ca and 12·5 μg/250 ml) twice a day for 12 weeks. 25‐hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D), glycaemic as well as adiposity indicators were evaluated before and after the intervention. VDR‐Cdx‐2 genotypes in extended number of T2D subjects in the FD group (n 60) were determined as AA, GA and GG. After 12 weeks, in FD compared with PD, serum 25(OH)D increased (+35·4 v. ‐4·8 nmol/l$$$ P<0·001) and mean changes of waist circumference (WC$$$ ‐1·3 v. +1·6 cm$$$ P=0·02), body fat mass (FM$$$ ‐1·9 v. +0·60 %$$$ P=0·008), truncal fat (TF$$$ ‐1·1 v. 0·13 %$$$ P=0·003) and visceral adipose tissue (‐0·80 v. +0·37 AU$$$ P<0·001) decreased significantly. Circulating 25(OH)D was raised only in the AA group (34·8 nmo/l in AA group v. ‐6·4 nmol/l in AG and ‐1·6 nmol/l in GG groups$$$ P<0·001), which was accompanied by a significant decrease in changes of WC (P=0·004), FM% (P=0·01) and TF% (P<0·001) in the AA genotype. Daily intake of vitamin D‐FD for 12 weeks improved the central obesity indices in T2D subjects, and the improvement was more pronounced in the carriers of the AA genotype of VDR‐Cdx‐2.
Effect of dairy consumption and its fat content on glycemic control and cardiovascular disease risk factors in patients with type 2 diabetes: a randomized controlled study$$$ BACKGROUND: Dietary Guidelines for Americans recommend the consumption of 3 servings/d of low‐fat/nonfat dairy. The effects of higher dairy consumption and its fat content are unknown in patients with type 2 diabetes. OBJECTIVE: Evaluate the impact of higher consumption of high‐ compared with low‐fat dairy on glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), body weight, and cardiovascular disease risk factors in patients with type 2 diabetes. METHODS: We enrolled 111 subjects with type 2 diabetes (aged 58.5 ± 8.9 y, 47% females, diabetes duration 13.2 ± 8.3 y, HbA1c 8.09 ± 0.96%) who consumed <3 servings of dairy/d. We randomly assigned them into 3 groups: control group maintained baseline dairy intake, low‐fat (LF) group incorporated ≥3 servings/d of LF dairy, and the high‐fat (HF) group incorporated ≥3 servings/d of HF dairy. We evaluated HbA1c, body weight, BMI, body composition parameters, blood pressure (BP), lipid parameters, homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA‐IR), and total energy and macronutrient intake at baseline, and after 12 and 24 wk. RESULTS: At 24 wk, percent energy from saturated fat increased from baseline in the HF group by 3.6%, (95% CI: 2.2, 5.1) and decreased in the LF group by ‐1.9% (95% CI: ‐3.3, ‐0.4). The LF group increased their percent energy from protein by 4.5% (95% CI: 2.6, 6.4), whereas the HF group decreased their percent energy from carbohydrates by ‐3.4% (95% CI: ‐0.2, ‐6.7). There were no differences in the mean changes in HbA1c, body weight, BMI, body composition or lipid parameters, or BP between the 3 groups at 24 wk. CONCLUSION: In patients with type 2 diabetes, increased dairy consumption to ≥3 servings/d compared with <3 servings/d, irrespective of its fat content, while maintaining energy intake has no effect on HbA1c, body weight, body composition, lipid profile, or BP. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02895867.
Two-week intake of dairy probiotic or prebiotic suppresses the postprandial inflammatory response associated with a high-fat meal$$$ Intestinal dysbiosis has been associated with metabolic diseases including type 2 diabetes mellitus and obesity. Intake of probiotics and prebiotics may modify the gut microbiota: probiotics deliver live microorganisms to the microbiota while prebiotics selectively promote growth (or alter activity) of microorganisms present in the microbiota. Limited research has examined the impact of these interventions on the microbiota and their benefits on metabolic disease risk remain controversial. To explore the role of these interventions on the gut microbiota and metabolic health, fourteen healthy men (age 24.6 ± 4.7 years, BMI 21.8 ± 1.8 kg/m2) were recruited in a 12 week randomised cross‐over study. Yogurt containing Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG and acidified milk (2% δ‐gluconolactone) were tested for 2 weeks (400g/ day). Further to fasting assessments, a standardised high fat meal test was used to assess how the dairy products modulated the postprandial inflammatory response. The faecal microbiota was evaluated at 8 stages during the study by 16S rRNA sequencing (Illumina MiSeq). Daily intake of either probiotic yogurt or acidified milk did not affect fasting markers of metabolic health or inflammation. Conversely, for both dairy interventions, the postprandial response of interleukin 6, tumour necrosis factor‐αand chemokine ligand 5 to a high fat test meal was significantly reduced (iAUC, p<0.0001). The microbiota showed marked changes at the genera level following the dairy interventions with increased levels of Lactobacillus for both interventions and increased Bifidobacteria after acidified milk (p<0.0001). Short‐term probiotic or prebiotic interventions appear to have benefits on postprandial inflammatory responses associated with a high fat meal. These benefits are accompanied by changes of the microbiota. Such interventions may be useful as part of interventions addressing the early stages of metabolic diseases.
Effects of dairy products naturally enriched with cis-9,trans-11 conjugated linoleic acid on the blood lipid profile in healthy middle-aged men$$$ BACKGROUND: Interest in the development of dairy products naturally enriched in conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) exists. However, feeding regimens that enhance the CLA content of milk also increase concentrations of trans‐18:1 fatty acids. The implications for human health are not yet known. OBJECTIVE: This study investigated the effects of consuming dairy products naturally enriched in cis‐9,trans‐11 CLA (and trans‐11 18:1) on the blood lipid profile, the atherogenicity of LDL, and markers of inflammation and insulin resistance in healthy middle‐aged men. DESIGN: Healthy middle‐aged men (n = 32) consumed ultra‐heat‐treated milk, butter, and cheese that provided 0.151 g/d (control) or 1.421 g/d (modified) cis‐9,trans‐11 CLA for 6 wk. This was followed by a 7‐wk washout and a crossover to the other treatment. RESULTS: Consumption of dairy products enriched with cis‐9,trans‐11 CLA and trans‐11 18:1 did not significantly affect body weight, inflammatory markers, insulin, glucose, triacylglycerols, or total, LDL, and HDL cholesterol but resulted in a small increase in the ratio of LDL to HDL cholesterol. The modified dairy products changed LDL fatty acid composition but had no significant effect on LDL particle size or the susceptibility of LDL to oxidation. Overall, increased consumption of full‐fat dairy products and naturally derived trans fatty acids did not cause significant changes in cardiovascular disease risk variables, as may be expected on the basis of current health recommendations. CONCLUSION: Dairy products naturally enriched with cis‐9,trans‐11 CLA and trans‐11 18:1 do not appear to have a significant effect on the blood lipid profile.
Effects of milk replacement with regular yogurt and probiotic yogurt on blood lipid profiles of hypercholesterolemic and normocholesterolemic individuals$$$ Background: Milk and fermented milk products have been known as foods with possible hypocholesterolemic effects. In this study we compared the effects of milk replacement with regular and probiotic yogurt in normocholesterolemic (N) and hypercholesterolemic (H) subjects. Methods: Twenty eight subjects with total serum cholesterol 160‐280 mg/dl were included. They did not consume yogurt for 2 weeks after that 300 g/day of milk was added to their diet. Then, blood lipids were measured and they were randomly allocated to 2 groups to receive either 300g/day of ordinary yogurt or probiotic yogurt for 6 weeks as a substitution for milk. Blood lipid tests were repeated at the end of the study. Subjects in both groups were divided into these two subgroups according to their baseline blood cholesterol level: subgroup N (cholesterol<220mg/dl) and H (cholesterol≥220mg/dl). Blood lipid changes were compared between these subgroups in each experimental group. Results: Total cholesterol and LDL‐C levels reduced in the H as compared to N subgroup after regular yogurt consumption instead of milk and the reduction of LDL‐C was significant (P=0.033). The effect of milk replacement with probiotic yogurt on total cholesterol and LDL‐C reduction in H compared to N subgroup was higher than regular yogurt consumption (P=0.028 and P=0.014 for total cholesterol and LDL‐C respectively). Conclusion: The higher the baseline blood cholesterol level, the more beneficial effects of milk replacement with yogurt, especially probiotic yogurt. So, it is suggested for hypercholesterolemic individuals to consume more yogurt as the source of dairy products in their diet.
Lactobacillus gasseri SBT2055 suppresses fatty acid release through enlargement of fat emulsion size in vitro and promotes fecal fat excretion in healthy Japanese subjects$$$ BACKGROUND: Lactobacillus gasseri SBT2055 (LG2055) has been shown to prevent abdominal adiposity, and suppression of lipid absorption is considered a possible mechanism, detail of which, however, are poorly understood. In the present study, we evaluated the effects of LG2055 on fat hydrolysis by determining pancreatic lipase activity and fat emulsion properties in vitro. We also examined whether LG2055 influences fecal fat excretion in humans. METHODS: Pancreatic lipase activity was investigated in vitro using an artificially prepared fat emulsion and 4‐methylumbelliferyl oleate (4‐MUO) as substrates. The concentrations of free fatty acids and 4‐methylumbelliferone were quantified. Fat emulsion droplet size was measured using a particle size analyzer. The clinical study was performed as a double‐blind, randomized, placebo‐controlled trial. Subjects consumed 100 g of fermented milk (FM)/d, either with or without LG2055 supplementation, for seven days. Fecal samples were collected during three‐day pre‐observational and FM intake periods and fecal fat levels were determined. RESULTS: LG2055 dose‐dependently suppressed lipase activity in the fat emulsion assay but not in the 4‐MUO assay. LG2055 dose‐dependently increased fat emulsion droplet size. The effects of LG2055 on lipase activity and fat emulsion properties were increased compared with four other tested strains (Lactobacillus gasseri SBT0317, Lactobacillus gasseri JCM1131T, Lactobacillus. delbrueckii subsp. bulgaricus JCM1002T and Streptococcus thermophilus ATCC19258T). In our clinical study, fecal fat level after FM intake was significantly increased compared with that observed before FM intake in the LG2055‐containing active FM group but not the control FM group lacking LG2055. CONCLUSIONS: LG2055 increased fat emulsion droplet size, resulting in the suppression of lipase‐mediated fat hydrolysis. The influence of LG2055 on the physicochemical properties of fat emulsion provides a mechanism for the probiotic‐mediated suppression of lipid absorption and promotion of fecal fat excretion in humans. TRIAL REGISTRATION: UMIN000015772.
Is glycaemic control associated with dietary patterns independent of weight change in people newly diagnosed with type 2 diabetes? Prospective analysis of the Early-ACTivity-In-Diabetes trial$$$ Background: It is unclear whether diet affects glycaemic control in type 2 diabetes (T2D), over and above its effects on bodyweight. We aimed to assess whether changes in dietary patterns altered glycaemic control independently of effects on bodyweight in newly diagnosed T2D. Methods: We used data from 4‐day food diaries, HbA1c and potential confounders in participants of the Early‐ACTivity‐In‐Diabetes trial measured at 0, 6 and 12 months. At baseline, a ‘carb/fat balance’ dietary pattern and an ‘obesogenic’ dietary pattern were derived using reduced‐rank regression, based on hypothesised nutrient‐mediated mechanisms linking dietary intake to glycaemia directly or via obesity. Relationships between 0 and 6 month change in dietary pattern scores and baseline‐adjusted HbA1c at 6 months (n = 242$$$ primary outcome) were assessed using multivariable linear regression. Models were repeated for periods 6–12 months and 0–12 months (n = 194 and n = 214 respectively$$$ secondary outcomes). Results: Reductions over 0–6 months were observed in mean bodyweight (− 2.3 (95% CI: − 2.7, − 1.8) kg), body mass index (− 0.8 (− 0.9, − 0.6) kg/m2), energy intake (− 788 (− 953, − 624) kJ/day), and HbA1c (− 1.6 (− 2.6, ‐0.6) mmol/mol). Weight loss strongly associated with lower HbA1c at 0–6 months (β = − 0.70 [95% CI − 0.95, − 0.45] mmol/mol/kg lost). Average fat and carbohydrate intakes changed to be more in‐line with UK healthy eating guidelines between 0 and 6 months. Dietary patterns shifting carbohydrate intakes higher and fat intakes lower were characterised by greater consumption of fresh fruit, low‐fat milk and boiled/baked potatoes and eating less of higher‐fat processed meats, butter/animal fats and red meat. Increases in standardised ‘carb/fat balance’ dietary pattern score associated with improvements in HbA1c at 6 months independent of weight loss (β = − 1.54 [− 2.96, − 0.13] mmol/mol/SD). No evidence of association with HbA1c was found for this dietary pattern at other time‐periods. Decreases in ‘obesogenic’ dietary pattern score were associated with weight loss (β = − 0.77 [− 1.31, − 0.23] kg/SD) but not independently with HbA1c during any period. Conclusions: Promoting weight loss should remain the primary nutritional strategy for improving glycaemic control in early T2D. However, improving dietary patterns to bring carbohydrate and fat intakes closer to UK guidelines may provide small, additional improvements in glycaemic control. Trial registration: ISRCTN92162869. Retrospectively registered on 25 July 2005
Is glycaemic control associated with dietary patterns independent of weight change in people newly diagnosed with type 2 diabetes? Prospective analysis of the Early-ACTivity-In-Diabetes trial$$$ Background: It is unclear whether diet affects glycaemic control in type 2 diabetes (T2D), over and above its effects on bodyweight. We aimed to assess whether changes in dietary patterns altered glycaemic control independently of effects on bodyweight in newly diagnosed T2D. Methods: We used data from 4‐day food diaries, HbA1c and potential confounders in participants of the Early‐ACTivity‐In‐Diabetes trial measured at 0, 6 and 12 months. At baseline, a ‘carb/fat balance’ dietary pattern and an ‘obesogenic’ dietary pattern were derived using reduced‐rank regression, based on hypothesised nutrient‐mediated mechanisms linking dietary intake to glycaemia directly or via obesity. Relationships between 0 and 6 month change in dietary pattern scores and baseline‐adjusted HbA1c at 6 months (n = 242$$$ primary outcome) were assessed using multivariable linear regression. Models were repeated for periods 6–12 months and 0–12 months (n = 194 and n = 214 respectively$$$ secondary outcomes). Results: Reductions over 0–6 months were observed in mean bodyweight (− 2.3 (95% CI: − 2.7, − 1.8) kg), body mass index (− 0.8 (− 0.9, − 0.6) kg/m2), energy intake (− 788 (− 953, ��� 624) kJ/day), and HbA1c (− 1.6 (− 2.6, ‐0.6) mmol/mol). Weight loss strongly associated with lower HbA1c at 0–6 months (β = − 0.70 [95% CI − 0.95, − 0.45] mmol/mol/kg lost). Average fat and carbohydrate intakes changed to be more in‐line with UK healthy eating guidelines between 0 and 6 months. Dietary patterns shifting carbohydrate intakes higher and fat intakes lower were characterised by greater consumption of fresh fruit, low‐fat milk and boiled/baked potatoes and eating less of higher‐fat processed meats, butter/animal fats and red meat. Increases in standardised ‘carb/fat balance’ dietary pattern score associated with improvements in HbA1c at 6 months independent of weight loss (β = − 1.54 [− 2.96, − 0.13] mmol/mol/SD). No evidence of association with HbA1c was found for this dietary pattern at other time‐periods. Decreases in ‘obesogenic’ dietary pattern score were associated with weight loss (β = − 0.77 [− 1.31, − 0.23] kg/SD) but not independently with HbA1c during any period. Conclusions: Promoting weight loss should remain the primary nutritional strategy for improving glycaemic control in early T2D. However, improving dietary patterns to bring carbohydrate and fat intakes closer to UK guidelines may provide small, additional improvements in glycaemic control. Trial registration: ISRCTN92162869. Retrospectively registered on 25 July 2005
Effect of daily consumption of probiotic yoghurt on insulin resistance in pregnant women: a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Owing to excess body weight and increased secretion of inflammatory cytokines primarily during the third trimester, pregnancy is associated with elevated insulin resistance. To our knowledge, no report is available indicating the effects of probiotic yoghurt consumption on serum insulin levels in pregnant women. This study was designed to determine the effects of daily consumption of probiotic yoghurt on insulin resistance and serum insulin levels of Iranian pregnant women. SUBJECTS/METHODS: In this randomized controlled clinical trial, 70 primigravida pregnant women with singleton pregnancy at their third trimester were participated. We randomly assigned participants to consume 200 g per day of conventional (n=33) or the probiotic group (n=37) for 9 weeks. The probiotic yoghurt was a commercially available product prepared with the starter cultures of Streptococcus thermophilus and Lactobacillus bulgaricus, enriched with probiotic culture of two strains of lactobacilli (Lactobacillus acidophilus LA5) and bifidobacteria (Bifidobacterium animalis BB12) with a total of min 1 × 10⁷ colony‐forming units. Fasting blood samples were taken at baseline and after 9‐week intervention to measure fasting plasma glucose and serum insulin levels. Homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA‐IR) was used to calculate insulin resistance score. RESULTS: Although consumption of probiotic yogurt for 9 weeks did not affect serum insulin levels and HOMA‐IR score, significant differences were found comparing changes in these variables between probiotic and conventional yogurts (changes from baseline in serum insulin levels: +1.2±1.2 vs +5.0±1.1 μIU/ml, respectively, P=0.02$$$ and in HOMA‐IR score: ‐0.2±0.3 vs 0.7±0.2, respectively, P=0.01). CONCLUSIONS: It is concluded that in contrast to conventional yogurt, daily consumption of probiotic yogurt for 9 weeks maintains serum insulin levels and might help pregnant women prevent developing insulin resistance.
Vitamin D Receptor Fok-I polymorphism modulates diabetic host response to vitamin D intake: need for a nutrigenetic approach$$$ OBJECTIVE: Interpopulation as well as interindividual variations in response to vitamin D intake commonly observed in subjects with type 2 diabetes may be related to genetic makeup. One of the candidate genes potentially responsible for this diversity is vitamin D receptor (VDR). This study aimed to investigate the interactive effect of VDR Fok‐I polymorphism and vitamin D intake on diverse aspects of diabetic host response. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Glycemic status, lipid profiles, inflammatory biomarkers, and VDR Fok‐I genotypes were determined in diabetic subjects (n = 140) who participated in a randomized controlled trial. Participants consumed two 250‐mL bottles per day of yogurt drink (doogh) fortified with 500 IU vitamin D/250 mL for 12 weeks. RESULTS: Mean serum 25(OH)D increased by 30 nmol/L (P < 0.001). The time × intervention effect was significant for 25(OH)D (P = 0.030), HDL (P = 0.011), high‐sensitivity C‐reactive protein (hsCRP) (P < 0.001), interleukin (IL)‐4 (P = 0.008), and IL‐6 (P = 0.017) among the genotypic groups. The alleles were defined as ''F'' or ''f'' depending on the absence or presence of the restriction site, respectively. The least increment in 25(OH)D was in ff (23.0 ± 3.8 nmol/L) compared with Ff (31.2 ± 3.4 nmol/L) and FF (35.6 ± 2.7 nmol/L) (P for trend = 0.009), but only the difference between ff and FF was significant (P = 0.023). FF group had the largest decrement of both hsCRP and IL‐6 compared with Ff (P < 0.001 and P = 0.038) and ff (P = 0.010 and P = 0.048), respectively. CONCLUSIONS: We concluded that those of VDR ff genotype may be regarded as "low responders" to vitamin D intake in terms of response of circulating 25(OH)D and certain inflammatory biomarkers. A nutrigenetic approach may, therefore, be needed to protect diabetic patients from vitamin D deficiency.
The effect of dairy products on liver fat and metabolic risk markers in males with abdominal obesity – a four-arm randomized controlled trial$$$ Background & aims: In recent years, epidemiological studies have reported links between the consumption of fermented dairy products, such as yogurt, and health$$$ however, evidence from human intervention trials is scarce and inconsistent. We aimed to investigate the effect of consumption of four different types of dairy products (two fermented and two non‐fermented) on liver fat (primary outcome) and metabolic risk markers in males with abdominal obesity. Methods: In this parallel randomized controlled trial with four arms, 100 males aged 30–70 years, with body mass index 28.0–45.0 kg/m2, and waist circumference ≥102 cm underwent a 16‐weeks intervention where they were instructed to consume 400 g/day of either milk, yogurt, heat‐treated yogurt, or acidified milk as part of their habitual diet. Liver fat was measured by magnetic resonance imaging. Results: In the complete case analyses (n = 80), no effects of the intervention or differences between groups were detected in anthropometry or body composition including liver fat. Moreover, no effects were detected in inflammatory markers. Main effects of time were detected in blood pressure (decrease$$$ P < 0.001), insulin (decrease$$$ P < 0.001), C‐peptide (decrease$$$ P = 0.040), homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (decrease$$$ P < 0.001), total cholesterol (decrease$$$ P = 0.016), low‐density lipoprotein (decrease$$$ P = 0.033), high‐density lipoprotein (decrease$$$ P = 0.006), and alanine transaminase (decrease$$$ P = 0.019). Interactions between group and time failed to reach significance. Conclusions: In conclusion, findings from our study do not confirm that fermented yogurt products are superior in reducing liver fat or improving metabolic risk markers compared to non‐fermented milk products. In fact, all intervention products (both fermented yogurt products and non‐fermented milk products) did not affect liver fat and caused largely similar modest favorable changes in some metabolic risk markers. The study was registered at www.clinicaltrials.gov (# NCT04755530).
Dietary cod protein reduces plasma C-reactive protein in insulin-resistant men and women$$$ Chronic low‐grade inflammation has been associated with insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes. Recently, we showed that cod protein (CP) improved insulin sensitivity in insulin‐resistant subjects. In this study, we investigated the effects of dietary CP compared with those of other animal proteins on plasma concentrations of inflammatory markers, lipids, and lipoproteins in insulin‐resistant subjects. Nineteen Caucasian men and women aged 40‐65 y, overweight or obese (BMI > 25 kg/m(2)), and insulin resistant, rotated in a crossover design and consumed a CP diet and a similar diet containing lean beef, pork, veal, eggs, milk, and milk products (BPVEM) for 4 wk each. Diets differed only in protein source and thus provided equivalent amounts of dietary fibers, monounsaturated fat, PUFA [including (n‐3) fatty acids], and SFA. Blood samples were collected before and after each experimental diet. Notably, the CP diet decreased high‐sensitivity C‐reactive protein (hsCRP$$$ P = 0.021), whereas the BPVEM diet tended to increase it (P = 0.063), leading to a significant difference between diets (P = 0.041). Changes in plasma interleukin‐6, tumor necrosis factor‐alpha, and adiponectin concentrations did not differ between diets. Plasma total cholesterol (P = 0.0007), LDL cholesterol (P = 0.014), and apolipoprotein B (P = 0.005) were reduced only by the BPVEM diet. Thus, changes in total cholesterol differed between diets (P = 0.040), whereas changes in LDL cholesterol (P = 0.052) and apolipoprotein B (P = 0.075) tended to differ. Changes in all other lipids and lipoproteins did not differ between diets. Therefore, these results show that CP can lower hsCRP, a marker of inflammation associated with insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes.
Soya protein does not affect glycaemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes$$$ Evidence from observational, animal and human studies supports a role for soya protein and its isoflavones in the improvement of glycaemic control in type 2 diabetes. The objective of the present study was to determine the effect of isoflavone‐rich soya protein on markers of glycaemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes. Using a randomised, crossover, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled design, adults with diet‐controlled type 2 diabetes (n 29) consumed soya protein isolate (SPI) and milk protein isolate (MPI) for 57 d each separated by a 4‐week washout. Blood was collected on days 1 and 57 of each treatment period for analysis of fasting HbA1C, and fasting and postprandial glucose, insulin and calculated indices of insulin sensitivity and resistance. Urine samples of 24 h were collected at the end of each treatment period for analysis of isoflavones. Urinary isoflavone excretion was significantly greater following consumption of SPI compared with MPI, and 20.7 % of the subjects (n 6) were classified as equol excretors. SPI consumption did not significantly affect fasting or postprandial glucose or insulin, fasting HbA1C, or indices of insulin sensitivity and resistance. These data do not support a role for soya protein in the improvement of glycaemic control in adults with diet‐controlled type 2 diabetes and contribute to a limited literature of human studies on the effects of soya protein on the management of type 2 diabetes.
Patient Specific 'Immune Repair' Improves Glycemic Control in Diabetes Mellitus - Evidence For a Comprehensive Immunopathogenesis Hypothesis$$$ Methods: Immunoreactant load was studied by an ex vivo lymphocyte response assay (LRA by ELISA/ACT). Glycemic control was assessed in terms of changes in HbA1c, glucose and insulin levels, and statistically analyzed in 27 patients with Type 1 and 26 patients with Type 2 diabetes. Results: Immune reactivities were seen in almost all. Most common single immune reactant was cow dairy (69%of Type 2 and 28% of Type 1 diabetics$$$ P< 0.01). Average HbA1C levels fell in both type 1 (8.7% reduction in test vs. 5.2% in control) and type 2 (13.3% reduction in test vs. 2.6% in control$$$ P< 0.05) diabetes. The reduction in type 1 diabetics correlated with reductions in immune reactivities. Test subjects also reported fewer hypoglycemic episodes and reduced insulin requirement. Mean insulin levels reduced by 18% in test subjects and 12% in controls with Type 2 diabetes, supporting the role of oral tolerance in insulin resistance. Background: Antigen burden has been variably implicated in the loss of oral tolerance and induction/maintenance of the diabetic state. No single antigen has emerged as a compelling etiologic agent. Loss of oral tolerance may be individualspecific. We hypothesized that identification of patientspecific antigen‐burden, reduction of exposure, an alkaline diet and micronutrient replenishment to enhance repair would improve neuro‐immuno‐hormonal homeostasis and glycemic control. A community based randomized controlled trial was conducted to compare conventional 'best practices' diabetes management alone with a test group who, additionally carried out the above patient specific comprehensive 'immune repair' protocol for 6 months. Conclusion: Immune reactivities to acquired antigens in diabetes are significant and patient‐specific. Protocols addressing individualized needs show promise in achieving improved glycemic control ‐ goal of modern diabetes management. We propose a practical, comprehensive, integrated approach towards managing diabetes that could prove to be more cost and outcome effective than current conventional diabetes care alone.
A randomized, controlled, blinded, parallel group, clinical trial to study the role of Ayurcov (AyurCoro3), one day regimen as an adjuvant therapy for COVID-19 disease management, at dedicated Covid Hospital (DCH) in India$$$ INTRODUCTION: Limited treatment options exist for COVID‐19 infections$$$ thus, attempts from complementary and alternative systems (CAM) of medicine are being explored as possible therapeutic options. Ayurcov is a formulation made of ingredients mentioned in Ayurveda. These constituents have proven antiviral, detoxifying, immune‐modulating, and bio‐enhancing properties. The present study was carried out to evaluate the therapeutic effect and safety of Ayurcov in patients with various severity states of COVID‐19 infections. METHODS: A randomized, single blinded, controlled trial was carried out in adults diagnosed with mild‐to‐moderate, and severe COVID‐19 infections confirmed by real time reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (rRTPCR) test. The interventional group received three doses of Ayurcov. It is constituted of Haridra Churna (Curcuma longa), Go ark (Bos Indicus Distilled Urine), Sphatika (Alum), Sita (Rock Candy), Godugdham (Bos Indicus Milk) milk, Goghritam (Bos Indicus ghee) on Day 1, as an adjuvant to the standard of care, and the control group received only the standard of care. Key outcomes included: proportion of patients and time taken for symptom resolution, reduction in the rRT‐PCR Ct values, safety, and functional status until 42 days after discharge. RESULTS: Ninety patients with mild‐to‐moderate and 30 patients with severe COVID‐19 disease were recruited. It was observed that significantly more proportions of patients receiving Ayurcov had symptom relief much earlier than control group. Additionally, the interventional group showed significantly lower rRT‐PCR Ct values. However, a shorter time of resolution of symptoms was observed with the interventional group in the mild to moderate category but not with those having severe symptoms. Similarly, a significantly better functional status was observed with interventional group on days 7 and 28 after discharge. Ayurcov was not observed with higher risks of any adverse/serious adverse events. CONCLUSIONS: Ayurcov as adjuvant with standard of care was associated with significantly earlier resolution of COVID‐19 related symptoms than standard of care alone.
Topical Imiquimod Treatment of High-grade Cervical Intraepithelial Neoplasia (TOPIC-3): a Nonrandomized Multicenter Study$$$ Topical imiquimod could be an alternative, noninvasive, treatment modality for high‐grade cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN). However, evidence is limited, and there are no studies that compared treatment effectiveness and side effects of topical imiquimod cream to standard large loop excision of the transformation zone (LLETZ) treatment. A multi‐center, nonrandomized controlled trial was performed among women with a histologic diagnosis of CIN 2/3. Women were treated with either vaginal imiquimod (6.25 mg 3 times weekly for 8 to 16 wk) or LLETZ according to their own preference. Successful treatment was defined as the absence of high‐grade dysplasia at the first follow‐up interval after treatment (at 20 wk for the imiquimod group and at 26 wk for the LLETZ group). Secondary outcome measures were high‐risk human papillomavirus (hrHPV) clearance, side effects, and predictive factors for successful imiquimod treatment. Imiquimod treatment was successful in 60% of women who completed imiquimod treatment and 95% of women treated with LLETZ. hrHPV clearance occurred in 69% and 67% in the imiquimod group and LLETZ group, respectively. This study provides further evidence on topical imiquimod cream as a feasible and safe treatment modality for high‐grade CIN. Although the effectiveness is considerably lower than LLETZ treatment, imiquimod treatment could prevent initial surgical treatment in over 40% of women and should be offered to a selected population of women who wish to avoid (repeated) surgical treatment of high‐grade CIN.
Pregnancy Vitamin D Supplementation and Childhood Bone Mass at Age 4 Years: findings From the Maternal Vitamin D Osteoporosis Study (MAVIDOS) Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ In the Maternal Vitamin D Osteoporosis Study (MAVIDOS) randomized trial, vitamin D supplementation in pregnancy did not lead to greater neonatal bone mass across the trial as a whole, but, in a prespecified secondary analysis by season of birth, led to greater neonatal bone mass among winter‐born babies. Demonstrating persistence of this effect into childhood would increase confidence in a long‐term benefit of this intervention. We investigated whether antenatal vitamin D supplementation increases offspring bone mineralization in early childhood in a prespecified, single‐center follow‐up of a double‐blinded, multicenter, randomized controlled clinical trial based in the UK (MAVIDOS). A total of 1123 women in early pregnancy with a baseline 25‐hydroxyvitamin D level 25–100 nmol/L from three research centers (2008–2014) were randomized to 1000 IU/d cholecalciferol or matched placebo from 14 weeks of gestation to delivery. Offspring born at the Southampton, UK research center were assessed at age 4 years (2013–2018). Anthropometry and dual‐energy X‐ray absorptiometry (DXA) were performed (yielding whole body less head [WBLH] bone mineral content [BMC], areal bone mineral density [aBMD], bone area [BA], and body composition). Of 723 children, 564 (78.0%) children attended the 4‐year visit, 452 of whom had a useable DXA. Maternal vitamin D supplementation led to greater WBLH aBMD in the children compared with placebo (mean [95% confidence interval {CI}]: supplemented group: 0.477 (95% CI, 0.472–0.481) g/cm2$$$ placebo group: 0.470 (95% CI, 0.466–0.475) g/cm2, p = 0.048). Associations were consistent for BMC and lean mass, and in age‐ and sex‐adjusted models. Effects were observed across the whole cohort irrespective of season of birth. Maternal‐child interactions were observed, with a greater effect size among children with low milk intake and low levels of physical activity. Child weight, height, and body mass index (BMI) were similar by maternal randomization group. These findings suggest a sustained beneficial effect of maternal vitamin D supplementation in pregnancy on offspring aBMD at age 4 years, but will require replication in other trials. © 2022 The Authors. JBMR Plus published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of American Society for Bone and Mineral Research.
The fiber and/or polyphenols present in lingonberries null the glycemic effect of the sugars present in the berries when consumed together with added glucose in healthy human volunteers$$$ This study was undertaken on the broad hypothesis that lingonberry (Vaccinium vitis‐idaea L.) has potential to reduce postprandial glycemic and lipemic response. More specifically, 2 postprandial crossover studies with healthy normal‐weight male subjects were conducted to study the influence of commercial lingonberry powder on postprandial glycemia and lipemia. The test meals contained fat‐free yoghurt with either glucose (50 g) or triacylglycerols (35 g) with or without (control) the lingonberry powder. The lingonberry powder provided the meals with a known amount of fiber and a known amount and composition of sugars, and it was a rich source of polyphenols. Postprandial glucose, insulin, and triacylglycerol responses were analyzed. There were no significant differences in the postprandial glucose concentration between the meals in the glycemia trial despite the fact that the lingonberry meal contained more glucose and fructose. When the meal did not contain added sugar but, instead, added triacylglycerol, no glycemia or lipemia‐lowering effect was detected. On the contrary, there were indications of higher glycemic and insulinemic effect after the lingonberry meal. The results of this study indicate that the fibers and/or polyphenols present in lingonberries null the glycemic effect of the sugars present in the berries when consumed together with added glucose. By contrast, the lingonberry powder did not affect the postprandial lipemic response.
Fenofibrate raises plasma homocysteine levels in the fasted and fed states$$$ The effect of fenofibrate (FEN), compared with placebo (PL), on total plasma homocysteine (tHcy) levels in the fasted and fed states has been examined. Twenty men with established coronary artery disease (CAD) or with at least two cardiovascular risk factors, who had elevated plasma triglyceride levels (> 2.3 mmol/l) and reduced HDL‐C levels (< 0.91 mmol/l), and in whom a fibric acid derivative was clinically indicated were studied. The study was a randomized, PL controlled, double‐blind study designed to test the effect of micronized FEN on postprandial lipemia. Plasma tHcy levels were investigated as a post‐hoc analysis. After a 4‐week dietary stabilization period, patients were randomized to PL or FEN (200 mg/day) for 8 weeks, followed by an 8‐h postprandial study, consisting of 1 g fat/kg body weight (35% cream). The methionine content of cream was approximately 0.53 mg/ml. A 5‐week washout period was then followed by a second 8‐week treatment period (FEN or PL), at the end of which a second postprandial study was undertaken. Blood was sampled in the fasted state (0 h) and postprandially at 2, 4, 6 and 8 h. Plasma was stored at ‐80 degrees C for homocysteine, vitamins B(6), B(12) and folate measurements. FEN caused a marked decrease in all triglyceride‐rich lipoprotein parameters, no change in LDL‐C, and an increase in HDL‐C levels. Fen treatment was associated with an increase in fasting tHcy (PL: 10.3+/‐3.3 micromol/l to FEN: 14.1+/‐3.8 micromol/l, 40.4+/‐20.5%, P < 0.001) and fed tHcy levels 6 h post‐fat load (PL: 11.6+/‐3.3 micromol/l vs. FEN: 17.1+/‐5.4 micromol/l, P < 0.001). Homocysteine levels were increased by the fat load$$$ PL: 14% (P < 0.001) and FEN: 21%, P < 0.001 at the 2, 4, 6 and 8 h time points. Change in tHcy level on FEN was not associated with changes in plasma levels of folate, vitamins B(6) or B(12) or creatinine. Amino acid analysis revealed that methionine and cysteine were significantly increased on FEN (P < 0.005). The incidence of hyperhomocysteinemia (defined as tHcy level >14 micromol/l) was PL: 2/20 (10%) and FEN: 9/20 (45%) (chi(2) = 4.51, P = 0.034). There was no correlation between changes in plasma triglyceride levels and tHcy levels. Since tHcy is considered an emerging cardiovascular risk factor, the ability of FEN to increase plasma tHcy levels could potentially mitigate the potential of this drug to protect against cardiovascular disease.
Effect of probiotic yoghurt on plasma glucose in overweight and obese pregnant women: a randomized controlled clinical trial$$$ Introduction: There is only some evidence about effectiveness of probiotics for preventing gestational hyperglycaemia. This trial examined the effects of probiotic yoghurts containing Lactobacillus acidophilus La5 and Bifidobacterium lactis Bb12 on maternal plasma glucose (primary outcome) and on some maternal and infant complications (secondary outcomes) in overweight and obese women with no diabetes in pregnancy. Methods: Using stratified block randomization, women with pre‐ or early‐pregnancy BMI ≥ 25 and fasting plasma glucose < 92 mg/dl at 22 weeks of gestation were assigned into probiotic or conventional yoghurt group, consuming 100 g/day from 24 weeks of gestation until delivery. The women and their infants were followed up until 1 month after birth. Results: In each group, one out of 65 women had intra‐uterine foetal death and were not analysed for other outcomes. The mean BMI was 29.2 (SD 3.3) in probiotic and 30.3 (SD 4.1) in conventional yoghurt group. Four weeks after initiation of the treatment, plasma glucose levels were significantly lower in the probiotic than in conventional yoghurt group at fasting (mean difference adjusted for the BMI category) and baseline FPG (− 4.0 mg/dl$$$ 95% confidence interval − 6.9, − 1.1) and 2‐h OGTT (− 13.9$$$ − 22.8, − 5.0). At the 1‐h OGTT, however, the difference was not statistically significant (− 9.8$$$ − 20.6, 0.9). Further, there was a significantly lower infant bilirubin level in the probiotic group on days 3–5 after birth (− 2.2 mg/dl$$$ − 3.3, − 1.2). There were not statistically significant differences between the groups regarding the risk of gestational diabetes (6 vs 11$$$ odds ratio 0.5$$$ 0.2, 1.5), preterm delivery (3 vs 8$$$ 0.3$$$ 0.1, 1.2), and other maternal and infant outcomes. Conclusion: The probiotics supplementation has some beneficial effects on glucose metabolism of overweight and obese pregnant women. Nevertheless, further studies are required to judge the clinical significance of such effects.
Clinical responses to imiquimod applied to postoperative women with high-grade vagina intraepithelial neoplasia$$$ Objective: This study aimed to assess the efficacy and safety of topical 5% imiquimod cream treatment of high‐grade vaginal intraepithelial neoplasia. Method(s): Ten patients with high‐grade vaginal intraepithelial neoplasia were recruited and treated with Topical 5% imiquimod cream. All 10 patients underwent total hysterectomy because of cervical carcinoma in situ(n=9), or endometrial cancer (n=1) and were positive for high‐risk HPV 16(n=8), HPV58(n=1), HPV51(n=1). They were treated with topical 5% imiquimod cream 2‐3 times per week for a mean treatment period of 1‐3 months. During each post‐treatment follow‐up, the safety of, side effects of, and clinical responses to Topical 5% imiquimod cream were evaluated by a standardized protocol, including symptoms, clinical appearance, and histologic findings. Result(s): All patients completed the designed 6 month follow‐up. Eight patients achieved complete clearance of atypical squamous epithelial cells on post‐treatment biopsy. Two patients turned to HPV subclinical infection . Side effects included redness (n=6), and discomfort (n=1). The patients experienced no systemic side effects from the treatment. None of the patients developed invasive carcinoma of the vagina during the follow‐up period. Conclusion(s): The complete responses observed in women with high‐grade VaIN treated by Topical 5% imiquimod cream, together with the preservation of adjacent normal tissue, suggest that Topical 5% imiquimod cream may be an effective option in the treatment of high‐grade vaginal intraepithelial neoplasia.
Modulating absorption and postprandial handling of dietary fatty acids by structuring fat in the meal: a randomized crossover clinical trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Prolonged postprandial hypertriglyceridemia is a potential risk factor for cardiovascular diseases. In the context of obesity, this is associated with a chronic imbalance of lipid partitioning oriented toward storage and not toward β‐oxidation. OBJECTIVE: We tested the hypothesis that the physical structure of fat in a meal can modify the absorption, chylomicron transport, and further metabolic handling of dietary fatty acids. DESIGN: Nine normal‐weight and 9 obese subjects were fed 40 g milk fat (+[(13)C]triacylglycerols), either emulsified or nonemulsified, in breakfasts of identical composition. We measured the postprandial triacylglycerol content and size of the chylomicron‐rich fraction, plasma kinetics of [(13)C]fatty acids, exogenous lipid oxidation with breath‐test/indirect calorimetry, and fecal excretion. RESULTS: The emulsified fat resulted in earlier (>1 h) and sharper chylomicron and [(13)C]fatty acid peaks in plasma than in spread fat in both groups (P < 0.0001). After 2 h, the emulsified fat resulted in greater apolipoprotein B‐48 concentrations (9.7 ± 0.7 compared with 7.1 ± 0.9 mg/L$$$ P < 0.05) in the normal‐weight subjects than did the spread fat. In the obese subjects, emulsified fat resulted in a 3‐fold greater chylomicron size (218 ± 24 nm) compared with the spread fat (P < 0.05). The emulsified fat induced higher dietary fatty acid spillover in plasma and a sharper (13)CO(2) appearance, which provoked increased exogenous lipid oxidation in each group: from 45% to 52% in normal‐weight subjects (P < 0.05) and from 40% to 57% in obese subjects (P < 0.01). CONCLUSION: This study supports a new concept of "slow vs fast fat," whereby intestinal absorption can be modulated by structuring dietary fat to modulate postprandial lipemia and lipid β‐oxidation in humans with different BMIs. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01249378.
Effects of milk products fermented by Bifidobacterium longum on blood lipids in rats and healthy adult male volunteers$$$ The effects of milk products fermented by Bifidobacterium longum strain BL1, a probiotic strain, on blood lipids in rats and humans were studied. Rats were fed a cholesterol‐enriched experimental diet, supplemented with lyophilized powders of 1) acid milk (control), 2) milk fermented with a mixed culture of ordinary yogurt starters composed of Streptococcus thermophilus and Lactobacillus delbrueckii subsp. bulgaricus (SL), and 3) bifidobacterium milk fermented with the probiotic B. longum strain BL1, respectively. The bifidobacterium milk feeding brought about significant lowering of the serum concentrations of total cholesterol, low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol, and triglycerides, in comparison with the control, while no change in high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol concentration was observed. On the other hand, supplementation with SL milk resulted in only slight, nonsignificant decreases in serum lipid concentrations in comparison with the control. In the human study, 32 subjects with serum total cholesterol ranging from 220 to 280 mg/dl were randomly assigned to two treatments: 1) intake of a low‐fat drinking yogurt prepared with ordinary yogurt starters composed of S. thermophilus and L. delbrueckii subsp. bulgaricus (P‐group) and 2) intake of a low‐fat drinking yogurt prepared with the two ordinary yogurt starters plus B. longum strain BL1 (B‐group). After intake for 4 wk at 3 x 100 ml/day, reduction of serum total cholesterol was observed in approximately half of the B‐group subjects$$$ a particularly significant decrease in serum total cholesterol was found among subjects with moderate hypercholesterolemia (serum total cholesterol > 240 mg/dl). However, the serum lipid concentrations in the P‐group subjects were almost stable during the experimental periods. The present results indicate the potential of the probiotic B. longum strain BL1 in serum lipid improvement.
Effect of dairy products on oxidative stress in type 2 diabetic patients: a randomized controlled clinical trial$$$ Objective: The aim of this randomized control trial was to assess the effect of dairy product (milk and yogurt) consumption on oxidative stress biomarkers in diabetic patients. Material and methods: Ninety‐one diabetic patients were randomly assigned to one of the three following intervention groups: group A (<1 serving of dairy products), group B (2 to 3 servings), and group C (4 to 5 servings). Biomarkers of oxidative stress including, serum total antioxidant capacity, catalase activity, malondialdehyde (MDA) were measured at baseline and after the 8‐week intervention. Results: No significant difference was found in oxidative stress between groups, except for MDA that significantly decreased in group C. Conclusions: Consumption of dairy products including milk and yogurt, ≥ 4 servings per day, reduced MDA concentration, however consumption ≤ 3 serving per day had no significant effect on oxidative stress among diabetic patients.
The effects of low-fat dairy products fortified with 1500 IU vitamin D3 on serum liver function biomarkers in adults with abdominal obesity: a randomized controlled trial$$$ INTRODUCTION: Vitamin D deficiency has been reported to affect liver function biomarkers. This study was aimed to investigate the effect of consuming vitamin D fortified low‐fat dairy products on liver function tests in adults with abdominal obesity. METHODS: This total blinded randomized controlled trial was undertaken on otherwise healthy abdominally obese adults living in Mashhad, Iran. Milk and yogurt were fortified with 1500 IU vitamin D3 nano‐capsules. Participants were randomized to receive fortified milk (n = 73), plain milk (n = 73), fortified yogurt (n = 69), and plain yogurt (n = 74) for 10 weeks. Blood samples were taken at baseline and at the end of the study to assess serum levels of vitamin D, alanine aminotransferase, aspartate aminotransferase, alkaline phosphatase (ALP), and Gamma glutamyl transferase. RESULTS: A total of 289 participants completed the study (54% female). The groups were homogenous in terms of age, sex, weight, energy intake, and physical activity level (p‐value > 0.05). After the trial, vitamin D serum levels were significantly increased in both groups receiving fortified products (both p < 0.001). There was a significant time*group effect only in serum ALP (p < 0.001). CONCLUSION: Consumption of dairy products fortified by 1500 IU vitamin D3 might have detrimental effects on serum levels of some liver enzymes in individuals with abdominal obesity. Further studies needed to determine these effects and underlying mechanisms. TRIAL REGISTRATION: IRCT20101130005280N27 .
The effect of increasing dairy calcium intake of adolescent girls on changes in body fat and weight$$$ Background: Overweight is epidemic in adolescents and is a major concern because it tracks into adulthood. Evidence supports the efficacy of high‐calcium, high‐dairy diets in achieving healthy weight in adults. However, no randomized controlled trials of the effect of dairy food on weight and body fat in adolescents have been reported to our knowledge.Objective: The aim was to determine whether increasing calcium intake to recommended amounts with dairy foods in adolescent girls with habitually low calcium intakes would decrease body fat gain compared with girls who continued their low calcium intake. Participants had above‐the‐median body mass index (BMI$$$ in kg/m2).Design: We enrolled 274 healthy postmenarcheal 13‐ to 14‐y‐old overweight girls who had calcium intakes of ≤600 mg/d in a 12‐mo randomized controlled trial. Girls were randomly assigned in a 1:1 ratio to 1 of 2 groups within each of 3 BMI percentiles: 50th to <70th, 70th to <85th, and 85th to <98th. The assignments were 1) dairy, which included low‐fat milk or yogurt servings providing ≥1200 mg Ca/d or 2) control, which included the usual diet of ≤600 mg Ca/d.Results: We failed to detect a statistically significant difference between groups in percentage of body fat gain over 12 mo (mean ± SEM: dairy 0.40% ± 0.53% > control$$$ P < 0.45). The effect of the intervention did not differ by BMI percentile stratum. There was no difference in weight change between the 2 groups.Conclusion: Our findings that the dairy group gained body fat similar to the control group provide no support for dairy food as a stratagem to decrease body fat or weight gain in overweight adolescent girls. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01066806.
Premeal Low-Fat Yogurt Consumption Reduces Postprandial Inflammation and Markers of Endotoxin Exposure in Healthy Premenopausal Women in a Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Background: Metabolic endotoxemia is associated with obesity and contributes to postprandial inflammation. Objective: We aimed to determine if low‐fat yogurt consumption prevents postprandial inflammation and dysmetabolism in healthy women by inhibiting biomarkers of metabolic endotoxemia. Methods: Premenopausal women defined as obese and nonobese [body mass index (BMI, in kg/m2) 30‐40 and 18.5‐27, respectively, n = 120] were randomly assigned to consume 339 g of low‐fat yogurt (YN, yogurt nonobese$$$ YO, yogurt obese) or 324 g of soy pudding (CN, control nonobese$$$ CO, control obese) for 9 wk (n = 30/group). The intervention foods each supplied 330 kcal with 3 g fat, 66 g carbohydrate, and 4‐6 g protein. At weeks 0 and 9, participants ingested 226 g of yogurt or 216 g of soy pudding before a meal providing 56‐60 g fat, 82 g carbohydrate, and 28‐30 g protein. Plasma soluble CD14 (sCD14), lipopolysaccharide‐binding protein (LBP), LPS activity, interleukin‐6 (IL‐6), glucose, triglyceride, and insulin were measured hourly for 4 h to assess differences in postprandial responses between groups by 2‐factor ANOVA. Results: Premeal yogurt consumption prevented the postprandial decrease in sCD14 net incremental area under the curve (net iAUC) by 72% in obese individuals at week 0 (P = 0.0323). YN and YO had ≥40% lower net iAUC of LBP‐to‐sCD14 ratio and plasma IL‐6 concentration than CN and CO, respectively (P < 0.05). CO had postprandial hyperglycemia which was not evident in YO$$$ in contrast YN had 57% less postprandial hypoglycemia than did CN (P‐interaction = 0.0013). After 9 wk of yogurt consumption, ΔAUC of LBP‐to‐sCD14 ratios of YO and YN were less than half of those of the control groups (P = 0.0093). Conclusion: Yogurt consumption improved postprandial metabolism and biomarkers of metabolic endotoxemia in healthy premenopausal women. Premeal yogurt consumption is a feasible strategy to inhibit postprandial dysmetabolism and thus may reduce cardiometabolic risk. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01686204.
Phytosterol-enriched yogurt increases LDL affinity and reduces CD36 expression in polygenic hypercholesterolemia$$$ Dietary enrichment with phytosterols (plant sterols similar to cholesterol) is able to reduce plasma cholesterol levels due to reduced intestinal absorption. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of phytosterol‐enriched yogurt consumption on the major serum lipid parameters, low density lipoprotein (LDL) receptor activity, LDL‐receptor affinity, and CD36 expression in hypercholesterolemic subjects. Fifteen patients affected by polygenic hypercholesterolemia were evaluated in a single‐blind randomized crossover study after a 4 weeks treatment with a phytosterol‐enriched yogurt containing 1.6 g esterefied phytosterols (equivalent to 1.0 g free phytosterol). Lipid parameters were compared with a phytosterol‐free placebo‐controlled diet. The effect of the two treatments on each variable, measured as percentage change, was compared by paired samples t test and covariance analysis. The treatment induced a modest but significant decrease in LDL‐cholesterol levels (4.3%, P = 0.03) and a significant increase in high density lipoprotein (HDL) 3‐cholesterol (17.1%, P = 0.01). Phytosterol consumption had no effect on LDL‐receptor activity whereas patient LDL‐receptor affinity significantly increased (9.7%, P = 0.01) and CD36 expression showed a marked significant decrease (18.2%, P = 0.01) in the phytosterol‐enriched yoghurt patients. Our data show that the oral administration of a phytosterol‐enriched yogurt has modest but significant effects on commonly measured lipid parameters. The improvement of LDL‐receptor affinity and the reduction in CD36 expression may reflect an important antiatherogenic effect.
The cholesterol lowering efficacy of plant stanol ester yoghurt in a Turkish population: a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: We evaluated the cholesterol lowering efficacy of low‐fat spoonable yoghurt with 1.9 g/d plant stanols as esters on plasma lipid profiles of Turkish subjects with mild to moderate hypercholesterolemia. METHODS: Using a randomised, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled study design, intervention (n = 35) and control (n = 35) groups consumed either 115 g low‐fat yoghurt with 1.9 g/d plant stanols as esters or placebo yoghurt, respectively, for 4 weeks. Seventy subjects with untreated mild to moderate hypercholesterolemia (aged 23‐65 years) were recruited. Changes in the lipid profile, including lipoproteins, apolipoproteins, and triglycerides, and anthropometric measurements were monitored at screening, baseline, and at the end of the second, third, and fourth weeks of intervention. The general linear model repeated measures procedure was used to test differences in the repeated continuous variables between study groups. RESULTS: Serum total cholesterol (4.6%), LDL cholesterol (6.3%), and non‐HDL cholesterol (6.2%) concentrations were reduced significantly from baseline in the plant stanol group compared to the control group (p = 0.007, p = 0.005 and p = 0.005, respectively). A variation in the response of serum total and LDL cholesterol between the subjects in plant stanol group was obtained. No clinically significant change in anthropometrical measurements was observed during the intervention. CONCLUSIONS: The spoonable low‐fat yoghurt with 1.9 g/d plant stanols as esters lowered total, LDL, and non‐HDL cholesterol levels in Turkish subjects with mild to moderate hypercholesterolemia. Nevertheless variation in baseline cholesterol levels, genetic predisposition of the subjects and compliance may contribute to a large individual variability.
Effects of yoghurt enriched with free plant sterols on the levels of serum lipids and plant sterols in moderately hypercholesterolaemic subjects on a high-fat diet$$$ This study examined the effect of plant sterols added, together with an emulsifying agent, to a low‐fat yoghurt on the serum lipid and plant sterol values in moderately hypercholesterolaemic volunteers. Study I was a randomized double‐blind, cross‐over trial. For 4 weeks, 15 volunteers consumed yoghurt containing 1 g plant sterols or a placebo yoghurt. Study II was a randomized, double‐blind, parallel‐group study. For 8 weeks, the sterol group (n = 12) ingested daily two yoghurts (2 g/day plant sterols) and the placebo group (n = 14) ingested two yoghurts without plant sterols. Study I: compared with the placebo, the sterol yoghurt reduced serum total cholesterol by 0.15 mmol/l (2.2%, P=0.235) and low‐density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol by 0.19 mmol/l (4.3%, P=0.082), and increased serum campesterol by 0.26 mg/100 ml (P=0.006) and sitosterol by 0.11 mg/100 ml (P=0.015). Study II: compared with the placebo, the sterol yoghurt reduced serum total cholesterol by 0.41 mmol/l (6.3%, P=0.167) and LDL cholesterol by 0.28 mmol/l (6.4%, P=0.306), and increased serum campesterol by 0.28 mg/100 ml (P=0.016) and sitosterol by 0.40 mg/100 ml (P=0.206). Meta‐analysis: the pooled treatment difference was ‐0.34 mmol/l (5.2%, P=0.173) in total cholesterol and was ‐0.26 mmol/l (‐5.8%, P=0.261) in LDL cholesterol, when the sterol yoghurt was compared with the placebo. A low‐fat yoghurt enriched with 1‐2 g/day plant sterols reduced serum cholesterol levels in moderately hypercholesterolaemic subjects. Campesterol and sitosterol serum levels increased, but their concentration remained in the range of normal values.
Cholesterol-lowering efficacy of a microencapsulated bile salt hydrolase-active Lactobacillus reuteri NCIMB 30242 yoghurt formulation in hypercholesterolaemic adults$$$ Several studies have reported limited or no reduction in serum cholesterol in response to probiotic formulations. Recently, probiotics have shown promise in treating metabolic disease due to improved strain selection and delivery technologies. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the cholesterol‐lowering efficacy of a yoghurt formulation containing microencapsulated bile salt hydrolase (BSH)‐active Lactobacillus reuteri NCIMB 30242, taken twice per d over 6 weeks, in hypercholesterolaemic adults. A total of 114 subjects completed this double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, randomised, parallel‐arm, multi‐centre study. This interventional study included a 2‐week washout, 2‐week run‐in and 6‐week treatment period. Subjects were randomised to consume either yoghurts containing microencapsulated L. reuteri NCIMB 30242 or placebo yoghurts. Over the intervention period, subjects consuming yoghurts containing microencapsulated L. reuteri NCIMB 30242 attained significant reductions in LDL‐cholesterol (LDL‐C) of 8·92 % (P = 0·016), total cholesterol (TC) of 4·81 % (P = 0·031) and non‐HDL‐cholesterol (HDL‐C) of 6·01 % (P = 0·029) over placebo, and a significant absolute change in apoB‐100 of ‐ 0·19 mmol/l (P = 0·049). Serum concentrations of TAG and HDL‐C were unchanged over the course of the study. Present results show that consumption of microencapsulated BSH‐active L. reuteri NCIMB 30242 yoghurt is efficacious and safe for lowering LDL‐C, TC, apoB‐100 and non‐HDL‐C in hypercholesterolaemic subjects. The efficacy of microencapsulated BSH‐active L. reuteri NCIMB 30242 yoghurts appears to be superior to traditional probiotic therapy and akin to that of other cholesterol‐lowering ingredients.
Isolated soya protein with standardised levels of isoflavones, cotyledon soya fibres and soya phospholipids improves plasma lipids in hypercholesterolaemia: a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of a yoghurt formulation$$$ The objective was to study whether a yoghurt containing isolated soya protein with standardised levels of isoflavones, cotyledon soya fibres and soya phospholipids is more effective in lowering total and LDL‐cholesterol than a placebo. One hundred and forty‐three subjects were randomised to the soya group (n 69) or to the placebo (n 74). The mean baseline levels were 7.6 and 5.1 mmol/l for total and LDL‐cholesterol, respectively. Fasting serum lipoproteins were assessed five times during the 8‐week intervention period, and 4 weeks thereafter. The results were analysed by a mixed model for unbalanced repeated measurements. During the intervention, there were highly significant differences in lipid‐lowering effect in favour of the active soya intervention group compared with the control group. The significant differences were for total cholesterol (estimated mean difference 0.40 mmol/l$$$ P<0.001), LDL‐cholesterol (0.39 mmol/l$$$ P<0.001), non‐HDL‐cholesterol (0.40 mmol/l$$$ P<0.001) and for the total:HDL‐cholesterol ratio (0.23$$$ P=0.005). There was no difference in the effects on HDL‐cholesterol, triacylglycerols or homocysteine. The lipid‐lowering effect occurred within 1‐2 weeks of intervention, and was not due to weight loss. The safety profile for active soya was similar to the placebo group, except for gastrointestinal symptoms, which caused a significantly higher dropout rate (fourteen v. three subjects) among the subjects taking active soya.
Effects of plant stanol esters supplied in low-fat yoghurt on serum lipids and lipoproteins, non-cholesterol sterols and fat soluble antioxidant concentrations$$$ Oil‐based products enriched with plant stanol esters can lower low‐density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol concentrations by 10‐14%. Effectiveness of low‐fat products, however, has never been evaluated, although such products fit into a healthy diet. We therefore examined the effects of plant stanol esters emulsified into low‐fat yoghurt (0.7% fat) on fasting concentrations of plasma lipids and lipid‐soluble antioxidants, which may also change by plant stanol consumption. Sixty non‐hypercholesterolemic subjects first consumed daily three cups (3 x 150 ml) of placebo yoghurt for 3 weeks. For the next 4 weeks, 30 subjects continued with the placebo yoghurt, while the other 30 subjects received three cups of experimental yoghurt. Each cup provided 1 g of plant stanols (0.71 g sitostanol plus 0.29 g campestanol) as its fatty acid ester. LDL cholesterol (mean+/‐S.D.) increased by 0.06+/‐0.21 mmol/l in the placebo group, but decreased by ‐0.34+/‐0.30 mmol/l in the experimental group. The difference in changes between the two groups of 0.40 mmol or 13.7% was highly significant (P<0.001$$$ 95% confidence interval for the difference, (‐)0.26 ‐(‐)0.53 mmol/l). Effects were already maximal after 1 week. HDL cholesterol and triacylglycerol concentrations did not change. Total tocopherol levels increased by 1.43 micromol/mmol LDL cholesterol (14.0%, P=0.015). beta‐carotene levels, however, decreased by ‐0.02 micromol/mmol LDL cholesterol (‐14.4%, P=0.038). Decreases in absolute beta‐carotene concentrations were found in all apoB‐containing lipoproteins. LDL‐cholesterol standardised phytofluene levels decreased by 21.4+/‐25.7% (P<0.001), while other plasma carotenoid (lutein/zeaxanthin, beta‐cryptoxanthin, lycopene and alpha‐carotene) levels did not change significantly. We conclude that low‐fat yoghurt enriched with plant stanol esters lowers within 1 week LDL cholesterol to the same extent as oil‐based products. LDL‐cholesterol standardised concentrations of tocopherol increased. The observed decrease in beta‐carotene levels, as found in many other studies, appears not to be limited to the LDL fraction.
Dietary combination of soy with a probiotic or prebiotic food significantly reduces total and LDL cholesterol in mildly hypercholesterolaemic subjects$$$ OBJECTIVE: We hypothesized that a dietary combination of soy with either a probiotic (yoghurt) or a prebiotic (resistant starch) would result in enhanced lipid‐lowering effects compared with a control soy diet, possibly via improvements in isoflavone bioavailability. SUBJECTS: Mildly hypercholesterolaemic subjects (men and post‐menopausal women) older than 45 years were recruited via the local media. Thirty‐six subjects commenced the study$$$ five withdrew. RESULTS: Soy+probiotic significantly decreased total cholesterol (4.7+/‐2.0%$$$ P=0.038) and soy+prebiotic significantly decreased total and low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (5.5+/‐1.6%$$$ P=0.003 and 7.3+/‐2.2%$$$ P=0.005, respectively). The bioavailabilities of daidzein, genistein or equol were not affected by probiotic or prebiotic consumption or associated with lipid changes. CONCLUSION: Dietary combination of soy with either a probiotic or a prebiotic resulted in significant lipid lowering, not related to isoflavone bioavailability.
Effects of yoghurt enriched with plant sterols on serum lipids in patients with moderate hypercholesterolaemia$$$ The objective of the present study was to assess the effect of consumption of a yoghurt‐based drink enriched with 1‐2 g plant sterols/d on serum lipids, transaminases, vitamins and hormone status in patients with primary moderate hypercholesterolaemia. Thirty patients were randomly assigned to one of two treatment groups: a low‐fat low‐lactose yoghurt‐based drink enriched with 1 g plant sterol extracted from soyabean/d v. a low‐fat low‐lactose yoghurt, for a period of 4 weeks. After a 2‐week wash‐out period, patients were crossed over for an additional 4‐week period. Second, after a 4‐week wash‐out period, eleven patients were treated with 2 g plant sterols/d in a second open part of the study for a period of 8 weeks. The yoghurt enriched with plant sterols significantly reduced, in a dose‐dependent manner, serum total cholesterol and LDL‐cholesterol levels and LDL‐cholesterol:HDL‐cholesterol (P<0.001), whereas no changes were observed in HDL‐cholesterol and triacylglycerol levels, either in the first or the second part of the study. There were only slight, not statistically significant, differences in serum transaminase, vitamin and hormone levels. To conclude, a low‐fat yoghurt‐based drink moderately enriched with plant sterols may lower total cholesterol and LDL‐cholesterol effectively in patients with primary moderate hypercholesterolaemia.
Efficacy of yogurt drink with added plant stanol esters (Benecol®, Colanta) in reducing total and LDL cholesterol in subjects with moderate hypercholesterolemia: a randomized placebo-controlled crossover trial NCT01461798$$$ Background: Cardiovascular diseases have become the leading cause of death from chronic diseases in the world. Main risk factors include hypercholesterolemia, which is caused in most cases by a high saturated fat diet. Plant stanol esters partly block cholesterol absorption in the digestive tract and thereby reduce total cholesterol and low‐density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol serum levels. Based on epidemiological data, a 10 percent reduction of LDL cholesterol leads to a 20 percent decrease in the coronary heart disease risk throughout life. The aim of this study was to evaluate the efficacy of yogurt drink with added plant stanol esters (Benecol® yogurt drink) in higher doses than the typically used (2g/d stanols), in lowering blood lipids in moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects. Methods: A randomized double‐blind crossover, placebo‐controlled study in moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects (n = 40) aged between 20 and 50 years old. Results: Yogurt drink with added plant stanols (4 g) as esters (Benecol®, Colanta) consumption compared to regular yogurt drink caused a statistically significant decrease in total cholesterol and low density lipoprotein cholesterol by 7.2% and 10.3%. During the two periods and compared to controls, high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglycerides were not significantly different. Conclusions: Yogurt drink with an active ingredient in Benecol®, plant stanol esters, reduced total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol in moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects. Trial registration: NCT01461798.
Long-term Effects of Plant Stanols on the Lipid Profile of Patients with Hypercholesterolemia. A Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Introduction and objectives Plant stanol consumption may improve long‐term cholesterol control. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the effectiveness of 2 g/day of plant stanols in reducing low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol levels in patients with hypercholesterolemia. Methods This randomized, double‐blind, and placebo‐controlled study included 182 adults diagnosed with hypercholesterolemia. A yogurt drink containing 2 g of plant stanols was administered to 91 participants in the intervention group$$$ 91 participants in the control group received unsupplemented yogurt. The primary end point was the change in the lipid profile at 12 months. Results Low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol levels at 12 months were significantly more reduced in the stanol intervention group than in the control group: 13.7 (95% confidence interval, 3.2‐24.1) mg/dL (P =.011). A reduction of more than 10% in low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol was achieved by a significantly higher proportion of participants in the intervention group (relative risk = 1.7$$$ 95% confidence interval, 1.1‐2.7). In this group, the mean (standard deviation) level of low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol decreased by 11.0% (23.9%). Conclusions Our results confirm that administration of plant stanols at a dosage of 2 g/day for 12 months significantly reduces (by slightly more than 10%) the concentrations of low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol in individuals with hypercholesterolemia. Trial registration (www.ClinicalTrials.gov): Current Controlled Trials NCT01406106.
The effects of probiotic and conventional yoghurt on diabetes markers and insulin resistance in type 2 diabetic patients: a randomized controlled clinical trial$$$ Introduction: Probiotic yoghurt is considered a functional food and has beneficial effects on human health. In some animal studies, the effects of probiotics in decreasing plasma glucose and delaying the onset of hyperglycemia and insulin resistance have been reported. Considering the ever‐increasing prevalence of type 2 diabetes, the aim of the present study was to investigate the effects of probiotic yoghurt on diabetes markers and insulin resistance in type 2 diabetic patients. Materials and Methods: This double‐blind, randomized clinical trial was conducted on 60 type 2 diabetic patients that had referred to endocrine and metabolism clinic of Sina hospital in Tabriz. Subjects in the intervention group consumed 300 grams of probiotic yoghurt daily, while those in the control group consumed 300 grams of conventional yoghurt daily for 6 weeks. Dietary intakes, anthropometric measurements, fasting blood sugar, insulin, glycosylated hemoglobin and insulin resistance were measured at baseline and at the end of the study. Paired Samples t‐test and Analysis of Covariance were performed by SPSS software for statistical analyses. Results: Mean fasting blood sugar and glycosylated hemoglobin were significantly different between two groups after intervention (P<0.05). In the probiotic yoghurt consumption group, fasting blood sugar decreased significantly throughout the study (P<0.01), whereas, reductions in insulin concentration, glycosylated hemoglobin and insulin resistance in this group were not significant (P>0.05). Conclusion: Considering the positive effect of probiotic yoghurt in reducing fasting blood sugar in type 2 diabetic patients, consumption of probiotics is recommended as auxiliary therapy in these patients.
Comparison of the effects of diets high in animal or plant protein on metabolic and cardiovascular markers in type 2 diabetes: a randomized clinical trial$$$ AIM: To compare high animal protein (AP) with high plant protein (PP) diets, differing in amino acid composition, in people with type 2 diabetes (T2DM). MATERIALS AND METHODS: We compared isocaloric diets containing 30% of energy either as AP or PP, using newly developed PP‐enriched foods, both combined with 30% energy as fat and 40% as carbohydrates in 44 patients with T2DM over 6 weeks in a randomized parallel‐group study. Insulin sensitivity was assessed by hyperinsulinaemic‐euglycaemic clamps and cardiovascular variables were measured. RESULTS: Uric acid decreased in both groups, but significantly more in the AP than the PP group. There were no significant differences in other variables, although glycated haemoglobin levels, diastolic blood pressure and fasting non‐esterified fatty acid levels improved significantly in the PP but not in the AP group. Insulin sensitivity (M‐value), C‐reactive protein and fasting glucose improved significantly in the AP but not in the PP group. Total and LDL cholesterol levels and systolic blood pressure decreased significantly in both groups, and the urinary albumin excretion rate decreased from baseline in participants with microalbuminuria. CONCLUSIONS: Isocaloric diets high in AP or PP allow similar improvements in metabolism and cardiovascular risk factors in people with T2DM, indicating that the differences in amino acid composition do not affect the metabolic responses to the interventions.
Seenthil Chooranam and Yogam for Neerizhivu (Prediabetes)$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Yogam therapy : Relaxation techniques Asthigasanam Jadaraparivarthini Bhavanamuthasanam Vilasanam Patchimottasanam Vakrasanam Makrasanam Santhiasanam Nadi suddhi pranayamam Thiyanam 30‐35 minutes,twice a day in an empty stomach Duration ‐ 90 days Intervention2: Internal medicine: Seenthil Chooranam Dosage:1.5gm twice a day after food with ghee Duration:90 days Control Intervention1: Nil: Nil Control Intervention2: Nil: Nil CONDITION: Health Condition 1: E11‐ Type 2 diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: The outcome of the study will be assessed by reduction in the HbA1c after treatmentTimepoint: Screening‐6months $$$ Patient enrollment‐6months $$$ Data analysis‐1month $$$ Follow up‐3months $$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: NilTimepoint: Nil INCLUSION CRITERIA: Newly diagnosed Prediabetic subjects with following blood parameters 1) Glucose Tolerance test (140 ‐ 200 mg/dl) 2) HbA1c (5.7 ‐ 6.4 %)
Combined interval training and post-exercise nutrition in type 2 diabetes: a randomized control trial$$$ Background: High‐intensity interval training (HIIT) can improve several aspects of cardiometabolic health. Previous studies have suggested that adaptations to exercise training can be augmented with post‐exercise milk or protein consumption, but whether this nutritional strategy can impact the cardiometabolic adaptations to HIIT in type 2 diabetes is unknown. Objective: To determine if the addition of a post‐exercise milk or protein beverage to a high‐intensity interval training (HIIT) intervention improves cardiometabolic health in individuals with type 2 diabetes. Design: In a proof‐of‐concept, double‐blind clinical trial 53 adults with uncomplicated type 2 diabetes were randomized to one of three nutritional beverages (500 mL skim‐milk, macronutrient control, or flavored water placebo) consumed after exercise (3 days/week) during a 12 week low‐volume HIIT intervention. HIIT involved 10 X 1‐min high‐intensity intervals separated by 1‐min low‐intensity recovery periods. Two sessions per week were cardio‐based (at 90% of heart rate max) and one session involved resistance‐based exercises (at RPE of 5‐6$$$ CR‐10 scale) in the same interval pattern. Continuous glucose monitoring (CGM), glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c), body composition (dual‐energy X‐ray absorptiometry), cardiorespiratory fitness ([Formula: see text]), blood pressure, and endothelial function (%FMD) were measured before and after the intervention. Results: There were significant main effects of time (all p < 0.05) but no difference between groups (Interaction: all p > 0.71) for CGM 24‐h mean glucose (‐0.5 ± 1.1 mmol/L), HbA1c (‐0.2 ± 0.4%), percent body fat (‐0.8 ± 1.6%), and lean mass (+1.1 ± 2.8 kg). Similarly, [Formula: see text] (+2.5 ± 1.6 mL/kg/min) and %FMD (+1.4 ± 1.9%) were increased, and mean arterial blood pressure reduced (‐6 ± 7 mmHg), after 12 weeks of HIIT (all p < 0.01) with no difference between beverage groups (Interaction: all p > 0.11). Conclusion: High‐intensity interval training is a potent stimulus for improving several important metabolic and cardiovascular risk factors in type 2 diabetes. The benefits of HIIT are not augmented by the addition of post‐exercise protein.
Consumption of vitamin D-fortified yogurt drink increased leptin and ghrelin levels but reduced leptin to ghrelin ratio in type 2 diabetes patients: a single blind randomized controlled trial$$$ PURPOSE: This study aimed to evaluate the effect of daily consumption of vitamin D‐fortified yogurt drink (doogh) in comparison with plain doogh on appetite‐regulating hormones including leptin and ghrelin in type 2 diabetes (T2D) patients. METHODS: In a single blind randomized clinical trial, subjects with T2D were randomly allocated to one of the two groups and received either vitamin D3‐fortified doogh (FD$$$ containing 170 mg calcium and 500 IU/250 mL, n 2 = 50) or plain doogh (PD$$$ containing 170 mg calcium and no vitamin D/250 mL, n 1 = 50) twice a day for 12 weeks. Leptin and ghrelin were evaluated at the beginning and after 12 weeks of intervention. RESULTS: The intervention resulted in a significant improvement of circulating 25(OH)D, fasting glucose, Quantitative Insulin Check Index (QUICKI), hs‐CRP, in FD compared with PD group. A significant rise in both serum leptin (+1.3 ± 7.2 mg/L$$$ p = 0.013) and ghrelin (10.1 ± 26.1 ng/L$$$ p = 0.012) was observed in FD group. A between‐group difference for ghrelin changes (p = 0.029) remained significant after adjusting for changes QUICKI (p = 0.039), body mass index (p = 0.034) and hs‐CRP (p = 0.022). Despite an increase in both leptin and ghrelin, leptin to ghrelin (L/G) ratio actually decreased in FD. Changes of L/G ratio showed a significant between‐group difference (p = 0.036), which remained significant even after adjusting for changes of hs‐CRP (p = 0.028) and fat mass (p = 0.047) but disappeared after adjusting for changes of QUICKI (p = 0.42). CONCLUSIONS: Daily intake of vitamin D‐fortified doogh may increase circulating leptin and ghrelin but L/G ratio may actually decrease. Our results suggest that improving vitamin D may result in an improvement in insulin sensitivity which may finally regulate beneficially appetite hormones. Further studies with adequate power are needed to confirm the results.
Mediterranean Diet Decreases the Initiation of Use of Vitamin K Epoxide Reductase Inhibitors and Their Associated Cardiovascular Risk: a Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Our aim is to assess whether following a Mediterranean Diet (MedDiet) decreases the risk of initiating antithrombotic therapies and the cardiovascular risk associated with its use in older individuals at high cardiovascular risk. We evaluate whether participants of the PREvención con DIeta MEDiterránea (PREDIMED) study allocated to a MedDiet enriched in extra‐virgin olive oil or nuts (versus a low‐fat control intervention) disclose differences in the risk of initiation of: (1) vitamin K epoxide reductase inhibitors (acenocumarol/warfarin$$$ n = 6772)$$$ (2) acetylsalicylic acid as antiplatelet agent (n = 5662)$$$ and (3) other antiplatelet drugs (cilostazol/clopidogrel/dipyridamole/ditazol/ticlopidine/triflusal$$$ n = 6768). We also assess whether MedDiet modifies the association between the antithrombotic drug baseline use and incident cardiovascular events. The MedDiet intervention enriched with extra‐virgin olive oil decreased the risk of initiating the use of vitamin K epoxide reductase inhibitors relative to control diet (HR: 0.68 [0.46–0.998]). Their use was also more strongly associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease in participants not allocated to MedDiet interventions (HRcontrol diet: 4.22 [1.92–9.30], HRMedDiets: 1.71 [0.83–3.52], p‐interaction = 0.052). In conclusion, in an older population at high cardiovascular risk, following a MedDiet decreases the initiation of antithrombotic therapies and the risk of suffering major cardiovascular events among users of vitamin K epoxide reductase inhibitors.
Daily intake of vitamin D- or calcium-vitamin D-fortified Persian yogurt drink (doogh) attenuates diabetes-induced oxidative stress: evidence for antioxidative properties of vitamin D$$$ BACKGROUND: Both poor vitamin D status and oxidative stress (OS) have been independently associated with late diabetic complications, including cardiovascular disease (CVD). The present study aimed to examine the effect of daily intake of vitamin D alone or in combination with calcium as a fortified Persian yogurt drink (doogh) on OS over 12 weeks. METHODS: Ninety patients with type 2 diabetes aged 30‐50 years from both sexes were randomly allocated to one of the three groups to receive two 250‐mL bottles of doogh a day, which was either plain (PD$$$ containing 150 mg per 250 mL of calcium and no detectable vitamin D), vitamin D‐fortified (DD$$$ containing 150 mg of calcium + 500 IU vitamin D per 250 mL) or calcium‐vitamin D‐fortified (CDD$$$ 250 mg od calcium + 500 IU vitamin D per 250 mL). RESULTS: Although mean (SD) serum concentrations of protein carbonyl significantly decreased in both DD and CDD groups [‐2.07 (4.39) nm, P = 0.015 and ‐4.4 (7.64) nm, P = 0.003, respectively], the change in PD group was not significant [‐0.54 (6.96) nm, P = 0.674]. A similar pattern was observed for cardiac myeloperoxidase [PD: ‐19.4 (75.9) μg L(‐1) , P = 0.173$$$ DD: ‐21.8 (54.2) μg L(‐1) , P = 0.035, CDD: ‐48.5 (76.9) μg L(‐1) , P = 0.002]. Superoxide dismutase increased significantly only in DD and CDD [56.9 (74.0) U L(‐1) , P < 0.001 and 51.6 (119.9) U L(‐1) , P = 0.025, respectively]. Changes of serum advanced glycation end‐products showed a significant between‐group difference among PD, DD and CDD [239.4 (388.4) U L(‐1) , ‐58.1 (147.6) U L(‐1) and ‐143.7 (475.9) U L(‐1)  × 10(3) , respectively, P = 0.003], which remained significant after controlling for changes of fasting serum glucose (P = 0.013) and glycated haemoglobin (P = 0.015). CONCLUSIONS: The findings of the present study demonstrated an OS attenuating effect of vitamin D. However, extra calcium did not convey additional benefit.
Replacement of glycaemic carbohydrates by inulin-type fructans from chicory (oligofructose, inulin) reduces the postprandial blood glucose and insulin response to foods: report of two double-blind, randomized, controlled trials$$$ Purpose: Inulin‐type fructans are recognized as prebiotic dietary fibres and classified as non‐digestible carbohydrates that do not contribute to glycaemia. The aim of the present studies was to investigate the glycaemic response (GR) and insulinaemic response (IR) to foods in which sucrose was partially replaced by inulin or oligofructose from chicory. Methods: In a double‐blind, randomized, controlled cross‐over design, 40–42 healthy adults consumed a yogurt drink containing oligofructose or fruit jelly containing inulin and the respective full‐sugar variants. Capillary blood glucose and insulin were measured in fasted participants and at 15, 30, 45, 60, 90, and 120 min after starting to drink/eat. For each test food, the incremental area under the curve (iAUC) for glucose and insulin was calculated and the GR and IR determined. Results: Consumption of a yogurt drink with oligofructose which was 20% reduced in sugars significantly lowered the glycaemic response compared to the full‐sugar reference (iAUC120min 31.9 and 37.3 mmol/L/min, respectively$$$ p < 0.05). A fruit jelly made with inulin and containing 30% less sugars than the full‐sugar variant likewise resulted in a significantly reduced blood glucose response (iAUC120min 53.7 and 63.7 mmol/L/min, respectively$$$ p < 0.05). In both studies, the postprandial insulin response was lowered in parallel (p < 0.05). The reduction of postprandial glycaemia was positively correlated to the proportion of sugars replaced by inulin‐type fructans (p < 0.001). Conclusions: In conclusion, the studies confirmed that substitution of glycaemic sugars by inulin or oligofructose from chicory may be an effective strategy to reduce the postprandial blood glucose response to foods.
Effects of some food components on non-alcoholic fatty liver disease severity: results from a cross-sectional study$$$ Background: The high prevalence of non‐alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) observed in Western countries is due to the concurrent epidemics of overweight/obesity and associated metabolic complications, both recognized risk factors. A Western dietary pattern has been associated with weight gain and obesity, and more recently with NAFLD. Methods: This is a baseline cross‐sectional analysis of 136 subjects (79 males) enrolled consecutively in the NUTRIATT (NUTRItion and Ac‐TiviTy) study. Study subjects had moderate or severe NAFLD diagnosed by using Fibroscan‐CAP. Food Frequency Questionnaire was used to obtain information about food intake. Statistical analysis included descriptive statistics and a multivariable logistic regression model. Results: The mean age was 49.58 (±10.18) with a mean BMI of 33.41 (±4.74). A significant inverse relationship was revealed between winter ice‐cream intake and NAFLD severity (O.R. 0.65, 95% C.I. 0.95‐0.99)$$$ chickpeas intake and NAFLD severity (O.R. 0.57, 95% C.I. 0.34‐0.97), and not industrial aged‐cheeses type (O.R. 0.85, 95% C.I. 0.74‐0.98). A statistically significant positive association also emerged between rabbit meat (O.R. 1.23, 95% C.I. 1.01‐1.49), industrial type aged cheeses (O.R. 1.17, 95% C.I. 1.01‐1.35), milk‐based desserts (no winter ice cream) (O.R. 1.11, 95% C.I. 1.01‐1.21), fats (O.R. 1.12, 95% C.I. 1.01‐1.25), and NAFLD severity. Conclusion: The fresh foods from non‐intensive farming and high legume intake that characterize the Mediterranean diet would seem to be beneficial for patients with NAFLD.
Acute Antiplatelet Effects of an Oleocanthal-Rich Olive Oil in Type II Diabetic Patients: a Postprandial Study$$$ Postprandial dysmetabolism is a common entity of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and may act as a daily stressor of the already dysfunctional diabetic platelets. This study aims to investigate whether oleocanthal‐rich olive oils (OO), incorporated into a carbohydrate‐rich meal, can affect postprandial dysmetabolism and platelet aggregation. Oleocanthal is a cyclooxygenase inhibitor with putative antiplatelet properties. In this randomized, single‐blinded, crossover study, ten T2DM patients consumed five isocaloric meals containing 120 g white bread combined with: (i) 39 g butter, (ii) 39 g butter and 400 mg ibuprofen, (iii) 40 mL OO (phenolic content < 10 mg/Kg), (iv) 40 mL OO with 250 mg/Kg oleocanthal and (v) 40 mL OO with 500 mg/Kg oleocanthal. Metabolic markers along with ex vivo ADP‐ and thrombin receptor‐activating peptide (TRAP)‐induced platelet aggregation were measured before and for 4 h after the meals. The glycemic and lipidemic response was similar between meals. However, a sustained (90‐240 min) dose‐dependent reduction in platelets' sensitivity to both ADP (50‐100%) and TRAP (20‐50%) was observed after the oleocanthal meals in comparison to OO or butter meals. The antiplatelet effect of the OO containing 500 mg/Kg oleocanthal was comparable to that of the ibuprofen meal. In conclusion, the consumption of meals containing oleocanthal‐rich OO can reduce platelet activity during the postprandial period, irrespective of postprandial hyperglycemia and lipidemia.
Dietary changes 1 year after sleeve gastrectomy compared with gastric bypass in an rct$$$ Rationale: Bariatric surgery may affect food tolerance and food choices, which may influence cardiometabolic risk. We examined the intake of different food groups and macronutrients 1 year after sleeve gastrectomy (SG) and gastric bypass (GB). Methods: The Oseberg study is a triple‐blinded, randomized controlled trial primarily aiming to compare remission of type 2 diabetes after SG and GB. Dietary data were collected using a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) at baseline and 1 year after surgery. Dietary intake was calculated with a nutrient analysis program (KBS) based on the Norwegian food composition table. Results: A total of 94 out of 109 patients, 47 in each group, completed the FFQ at both baseline and 1 year. At baseline the groups had similar age, weight, BMI and percentage women$$$ mean (SD) 48.1 (9.5) years, 125.9 (22.8) kg and 42.4 (5.3) kg/m2 and 61%, respectively. At 1 year, the intakes of energy, protein, fat, carbohydrates and sugar declined similarly in both groups with 42%, 36%, 44%, 43% and 52%, respectively. The fiber intake after SG at 1 year was both lower$$$ mean (SD) 20 g (5) vs. 24 g (8), p=0.003, and more reduced$$$ mean between‐group difference in change ‐5 g (95 % CI: ‐8 to ‐1), compared with GB. There was a reduced intake of most food groups at 1 year, but the intake of fruits/berries (‐33%), fish (‐47%) and milk/yoghurt (‐32%) declined after SG only. The intake of low‐fat cheese (375%) and yoghurt (118%) increased after GB, which was not demonstrated after SG. The between‐group differences in changes were significant for low‐fat cheese, yoghurt, fish and fruits/berries$$$ mean (95% CI) ‐12 g (‐24 to ‐1), ‐50 g (‐98 to ‐2), ‐24 g (‐42 to ‐5) and ‐68 g (‐114 to ‐21), respectively. Conclusion: The intake of fruits/berries, fish and fiber declined more 1 year after SG compared with GB. Thus, the dietary pattern after SG was less beneficial with regard to cardiometabolic risk. Disclosure of Interest: None declared
Lactobacillus acidophilus La5, Bifidobacterium BB12, and Lactobacillus casei DN001 modulate gene expression of subset specific transcription factors and cytokines in peripheral blood mononuclear cells of obese and overweight people$$$ Probiotics are believed to have interaction with immune cells through sustained effects on gene expression of different cytokines and transcription factors. The present randomized doubled‐blind controlled clinical trial was performed recruiting 75 individuals with BMI 25‐35, who were randomly assigned to the following three groups: Group 1 (n = 25) who consumed regular yogurt as part of a low calorie diet [RLCD], group 2 (n = 25) who received probiotic yogurt with a LCD [PLCD] and group 3 (n = 25) who consumed probiotic yogurt without LCD [PWLCD] for 8 week. Participants in PLCD and PWLCD groups received 200 g/day yogurt containing Lactobacillus acidophilus La5, Bifidobacterium Bb12, and lactobacillus casei DN001 10(8) cfu/gr. The expression of the FOXP3, T‐bet, GATA3, TNF‐α, IFN‐γ, TGF‐β, and ROR‐γt in PBMCs genes were assessed, before and after intervention. In three groups, ROR‐γt expression was reduced (P = 0.007) and FOXP3 was increased (P < 0.001). The expression of TNFα, TGFβ, and GATA3 genes did not change among all groups after intervention. Interestingly, the expression of T‐bet gene, which was significantly decreased in PLCD and PWLCD groups (P < 0.001), whereas gene expression of IFN‐γ decreased in all three groups. Our results suggest that weight loss diet and probiotic yogurt had synergistic effects on T‐cell subset specific gene expression in peripheral blood mononuclear cells among overweight and obese individuals.
Regular consumption of both vitamin D- and calcium- and vitamin D-fortified yogurt drink is equally accompanied by lowered blood lipoprotein (a) and elevated apoprotein A1 in subjects with type 2 diabetes: a randomized clinical trial$$$ OBJECTIVE: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the major morbidity and cause of death in diabetic subjects. Observational studies have shown the association of low vitamin D status with poor glycemic control, atherogenic lipid profile, and CVD. However, the possible link between circulating 25‐hydroxycholecalciferol and apoproteins (Apo A1 and B) and the atherogenic lipoprotein (a) [Lp(a)] has not been documented to date. METHODS: Ninety subjects with type 2 diabetes (T2D) aged 30‐60 years from both sexes were randomly allocated to one of the 3 groups to receive 2 bottles a day of either (1) plain doogh (PD$$$ containing 150 mg calcium and no detectable vitamin D/250 mL)$$$ (2) vitamin D‐fortified doogh (DD$$$ containing 150 mg calcium and 500 IU vitamin D/250 mL)$$$ or (3) calcium‐ and vitamin D‐fortified doogh (CDD$$$ containing 250 mg calcium and 500 IU vitamin D/250 mL) for 12 weeks. Anthropometric, dietary, and laboratory assessments, including Apo A1, Apo B, and Lp(a), were done. RESULTS: Improvement of vitamin D status in DD and CDD groups, compared to PD, resulted in a significant increase in Apo A1 (mean changes 0.22 ± 0.38, 0.20 ± 0.27 and 0.01 ± 0.35 g/L, respectively, p = 0.047) and a significant decrease in serum Lp(a) (mean changes ‐0.08 ± 0.30, ‐0.08 ± 0.31, and 0.14 ± 0.25 μmol/L, respectively, p = 0.011). There was no significant difference between DD and CDD groups. Serum Apo B did not change significantly in any of the groups. CONCLUSIONS: Significant amelioration of serum Apo A1 and Lp(a) following improvement of vitamin D status in T2D subjects may have preventive implications against long‐term diabetic complications, notably CVD. This trial was registered at ClinicalTrials.gov as NTC01229891.
Cholesterol-lowering efficacy of plant sterols in low-fat yogurt consumed as a snack or with a meal$$$ OBJECTIVE: Plant sterols (PS) consumed as a snack may not have the same cholesterol‐lowering potential as when consumed with a meal due to poor solubilization. It was hypothesized that the consumption of a single dose, low‐fat yogurt rich in PS (1.6 g/d) with a meal over an afternoon snack will lead to favourable changes in plasma lipids, plasma PS concentrations, and cholesterol synthesis without negatively affecting alpha‐tocopherol or carotenoids levels. METHODS: Twenty‐six hyperlipidemic males and females completed the randomized trial of three phases (control, single PS dose consumed with a meal, or single PS dose as an afternoon snack) while consuming controlled, low‐fat diets. Plasma lipids, cholesterol synthesis rates, plasma PS and serum fat‐soluble antioxidants were measured at baseline and after 4 weeks. RESULTS: Endpoint total cholesterol (TC) levels after the PS snack phase were decreased (p = 0.04) (5.30 +/‐ 0.2 mmol/L) compared to the control phase (5.53 +/‐ 0.2 mmol/L). However, endpoints for TC (5.37 +/‐ 0.2 mmol/L) for PS dose with a meal were comparable to control phase. Low‐density lipoprotein‐cholesterol tended to be different (p = 0.06) at the end of the intervention phases (3.51 +/‐ 0.1, 3.43 +/‐ 0.1, and 3.33 +/‐ 0.1 mmol/L$$$ control, meal and snack, respectively). Cholesterol fractional synthesis rates were higher (p = 0.007) by 25.8% and 19.5% at the end of the snack and meal phases, respectively, compared with the control phase. Plasma campesterol and beta‐sitosterol concentrations, adjusted for TC, were higher (p < 0.01) in the snack phase (2.30 +/‐ 0.3 and 0.54 +/‐ 0.1 micromol/mmol, respectively) and in the meal phase (2.00 +/‐ 0.3 and 0.51 +/‐ 0.1 micromol/mmol, respectively) when compared to the control phase (1.81 +/‐ 0.3 and 0.40 +/‐ 0.1 micromol/mmol, respectively). No changes in alpha‐tocopherol or carotenoids levels were detected after adjusting for TC, for all phases. CONCLUSION: These results indicate that a single dose of PS in low‐fat yogurt, provided as a snack, lowers cholesterol levels but does not alter fat‐soluble vitamin or carotenoid concentrations in hyperlipidemic participants.
Lecithin has no effect on serum lipoprotein, plasma fibrinogen and macro molecular protein complex levels in hyperlipidaemic men in a double-blind controlled study$$$ OBJECTIVE: To examine the effects of lecithin on serum lipoprotein, plasma fibrinogen and macro molecular protein complex (MPC) levels. SUBJECTS AND STUDY DESIGN: Twenty free living hyperlipidaemic men participated in this double‐blind study which controlled for possible indirect effects. The subjects were randomly assigned to one of three treatments: frozen yoghurt or frozen yoghurt with 20 g soya bean lecithin or frozen yoghurt with 17 g sunflower oil. Sunflower oil was used to control for the increased energy and linoleic acid intake from lecithin. Yoghurt served as the 'vehicle' for the lecithin and sunflower oil and yoghurt alone was given to one group to control for possible effects due to the yoghurt 'vehicle', as well as other environmental influences. Variables were measured with standard methods twice at baseline and after 2 and 4 weeks of treatment. RESULTS: Plasma linoleic acid levels increased significantly with lecithin and sunflower oil treatments indicating that compliance to the treatments were obtained. Lecithin treatment did not have significant effects on serum total cholesterol, triglyceride, high density lipoprotein cholesterol, low density lipoprotein cholesterol, apolipoprotein A, apolipoprotein B or lipoprotein (a) levels. Plasma fibrinogen and MPC levels were also not affected by lecithin therapy. Sunflower oil treatment resulted in significant increased body weight, serum TC and decreased MPC levels. CONCLUSION: Lecithin treatment had no independent effects on serum lipoprotein, plasma fibrinogen or MPC levels in hyperlipidaemic men.
Effect of protein supplement on post meal blood sugar levels in people with diabetes$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Diabetes Specific Protein Supplement (DSPS): 25g of Diabetes specific protein supplement (DSPS) with 200 ml milk with reduced quantity (30g) of dehydrated upma or poha. Control Intervention1: Isocaloric breakfast: Isocaloric control breakfast (pre packaged 80g dehydrated upma and poha) CONDITION: Health Condition 1: E119‐ Type 2 diabetes mellitus without complications PRIMARY OUTCOME: Post prandial glucose response (iAUC)Timepoint: at baseline 0 min and post‐meal at 30, 60, 90, 120,150 and 180 min SECONDARY OUTCOME: Post prandial insulin area under the curve, Postprandial peak glucose (mg/dl), Postprandial peak insulin (µU/mL), Maximum postprandial glucose increase from baseline (delta peak), Maximum postprandial insulin increase from baseline (delta peak)Timepoint: at baseline 0 min and post‐meal at 30, 60, 90, 120,150 and 180 min INCLUSION CRITERIA: People with T2D (with duration of diabetes morethan 6 months) and treated with oral antidiabetic drugs stable for at least 2 months or controlled with diet alone. HbA1c 7‐9% (7 & 9% included) In case of People with T2D with hypertension, it needs to be treated and well controlled. In case of People with T2D with dyslipidemia, it needs to be treated and well controlled. BMI between 18.5‐29.9 (18.5 & 29.9 included) People on home remedies or taking diabetes specific nutrition formula would be asked to practice abstinence from these foods/formulations at least for a week before study and during the study. Willing to comply with the study protocol Written informed consent
The effect of probiotic yoghurt consumption on oxidative stress and inflammatory factors in young females after exhaustive exercise$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effect of probiotic yoghurt consumption on oxidative stress and inflammatory factors in young females after exhaustive exercise. METHODS: TThis study included 27 healthy participants with an age range of 18‐25. For two weeks, 450 grams of probiotic yoghurt and 450 grams of ordinary yoghurt were given to the supplement and control groups, respectively. Fasting blood samples were taken at baseline and at the end of study. At the end of the intervention, the participants were given one exhaustive exercise and then fasting blood samples were taken to test for blood antioxidant enzymes, inflammatory markers, and oxidative markers. Data were analyzed using descriptive statistics as well as paired and independent samples t‐test. RESULTS: In supplement group, the glutathione peroxidise (GPX) blood levels and serum levels of total antioxidant capacity (TAC) significantly increased at the end of two weeks of intervention (p<0.05). After intense physical activity, the blood levels of superoxide dismutase (SOD), GPX and serum levels of TAC significantly increased, whereas the serum level of tumour necrosis factor alpha (TNF‐?), matrix metalloproteinase 2 (MMP2), matrix metalloproteinase 9 (MMP9), and malondialdehyde (MDA) significantly decreased in the supplement group compared to the control group (p<0.05). Besides, there were no significant changes in other biochemical factors. CONCLUSIONS: Regular probiotic yoghurt consumption significantly modulated MMP2, MMP9 and some inflammatory factors, and thus guarded against exhaustive exercise‐inducing oxidative injury in young healthy females.
Long-term effects of consumption of a novel fat emulsion in relation to body-weight management$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess weight maintenance after weight loss by consumption of yoghurt with a novel fat emulsion (Olibra) including effects on body composition, resting energy expenditure (REE), fat oxidation, hunger feelings and satiety hormones. DESIGN: A randomized, placebo‐controlled, double‐blind, parallel design. A 6‐week weight loss period (2.1 MJ/day) was followed by 18 weeks weight maintenance with test (Olibra) or placebo yoghurt. SUBJECTS: Fifty overweight women (age: 18‐58 years, body mass index (BMI) 25‐32 kg/m2). MEASUREMENTS: In weeks 1, 7 and 25, a satiety test with questionnaires and blood samples for analysis of satiety hormones. In weeks 2, 8 and 26, REE, body weight and body composition. RESULTS: During weight maintenance after significant body weight reduction, there was no significant increase in body weight in the test group (1.1+/‐3.4 kg)$$$ the placebo group did gain weight (3.0+/‐3.1 kg, P<0.001). Compared to the placebo group, the test group was less hungry 4 h after yoghurt consumption in week 25 (P<0.05) and showed increased glucagon like peptide‐1 values 180 min after yoghurt consumption (week 25 vs week 1, P<0.05). Measured REE as a function of fat‐free mass (FFM) was significantly higher than predicted REE (P<0.05) in week 26 for the test group, but not for the placebo group. Fat mass (FM) was significantly more decreased in the test group (6.5+/‐4.1 kg) compared to the placebo group (4.1+/‐3.6 kg) (week 26 vs week 2, P<0.05). CONCLUSION: Consumption of Olibra yoghurt improved weight maintenance compared to placebo, which can be explained by the relatively higher REE as a function of FFM, relatively higher decrease in FM and the relatively lower increase in hunger.
Probiotic yogurt for the treatment of minimal hepatic encephalopathy$$$ OBJECTIVES: Minimal hepatic encephalopathy (MHE), the preclinical stage of overt hepatic encephalopathy (OHE), is a significant condition affecting up to 60% of cirrhotics. All MHE therapies modify gut microflora, but consensus regarding MHE treatment and long‐term adherence studies is lacking. The aim was to determine the effect of probiotic supplementation in the form of a food item, probiotic yogurt, on MHE reversal and adherence. METHODS: Nonalcoholic MHE cirrhotics (defined by a standard psychometric battery) were randomized with unblinded allocation to receive probiotic yogurt (with proven culture stability) or no treatment (no Rx) for 60 days in a 2:1 ratio. Quality of life (short form [SF]‐36), adherence, venous ammonia, model of end‐stage liver disease (MELD) scores, and inflammatory markers (tumor necrosis factor [TNF]‐alpha, interleukin [IL]‐6) were also measured. Outcomes were MHE reversal using blinded scoring, OHE development, and adherence. RESULTS: Twenty‐five patients (17 yogurt, 8 no Rx$$$ 84% Child class A) were enrolled. A significantly higher percentage of yogurt patients reversed MHE compared to no Rx patients (71%vs 0%, P= 0.003, intention‐to‐treat). Yogurt patients demonstrated a significant improvement in number connection test‐A (NCT‐A), block design test (BDT), and digit symbol test (DST) compared to baseline/no Rx group. Twenty‐five percent of no Rx versus 0% of yogurt patients developed OHE during the trial. Eighty‐eight percent of yogurt patients were adherent. No adverse effects or change in covariates were observed. All patients who completed the yogurt arm were agreeable to continue yogurt for 6 months if needed. CONCLUSIONS: This trial demonstrated a significant rate of MHE reversal and excellent adherence in cirrhotics after probiotic yogurt supplementation with potential for long‐term adherence.
Bioactive Yoghurt Containing Curcumin and Chlorogenic Acid Reduces Inflammation in Postmenopausal Women$$$ Menopause is marked by a gradual and permanent decrease of estrogen from the ovaries, leading to metabolic and physiological changes in the body. Combined with increased body mass index, postmenopausal women have elevated systemic inflammation and metabolic disturbances leading to increased risk of developing chronic diseases. A bioactive coconut yoghurt containing curcumin and chlorogenic acid was developed with the potential to target inflammatory processes. In this randomized crossover study, healthy postmenopausal women with a BMI of 25‐40 were recruited to consume 125 g of either the bioactive or placebo yoghurt. Blood samples were collected at baseline, 30 min, and 1, 2, 3 and 4 h postprandially. Plasma inflammatory markers (TNFα and IL6) and metabolic markers (triglycerides, insulin and glucose) were measured. Participants had significantly lower plasma TNFα Cmax after consumption of the bioactive yoghurt compared to placebo (mean difference = 0.3 pg/mL$$$ p = 0.04). Additionally, plasma TNFα was significantly lower postprandially compared to baseline after consumption of the bioactive yogurt but not the placebo. No differences were observed in the metabolic markers measured. Conclusions: The bioactive yoghurt fortified with curcumin and chlorogenic acid has the potential to reduce inflammatory mediators$$$ however, a larger and longer‐term study is required to confirm these findings.
Effects of daily consumption of probiotic yoghurt on inflammatory factors in pregnant women: a randomized controlled trial$$$ Previous studies have shown that inflammatory factors increases in pregnancy and is associated with several complications of pregnancy. The aim of this study was to assess effects of daily consumption of probiotic yoghurt on inflammatory factors in pregnant women. In a randomized clinical trial, seventy primigravid (the first pregnancy) and singleton pregnant women aged 18‐30 years were assigned to two groups. Subjects consumed daily 200 g probiotic yoghurt containing Lactobacillus acidophilus La5 and Bifidobacterium animalis BB12 (10(7) CFU g(‐1) for each) or 200 g conventional yoghurt for 9 weeks. Fasting blood samples were collected at baseline (28 weeks of gestation) and after intervention (37 weeks of gestation). Inflammatory factors, hs‐CRP and TNF‐alpha, were measured by Enzyme‐linked Immunosorbent Assay (ELISA). Independent t‐test was used to compare the two groups after intervention and paired‐sample t‐test compared variables before and after treatment. The results showed that the probiotic yogurt brought about a decrease in the serum hs‐CRP level, from 10.44 +/‐ 1.56 to 7.44 +/‐ 1.03 microg mL(‐1) (p = 0.041). There was no significant change in the conventional yogurt group in the serum hs‐CRP level (12.55 +/‐ 1.57 to 14.51 +/‐ 1.62 microg mL(‐1), p = 0.202). The probiotic yogurt had no effect on TNF‐alpha (from 73.75 +/‐ 6.59 to 77.91 +/‐ 5.61 pg mL(‐1), p = 0.633). Serum TNF‐alpha did not change in the conventional yogurt group (p = 0.134). In conclusion probiotic yogurt significantly decreased hs‐CRP in pregnant women but had no effect on TNF‐alpha.
Safety of Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis (B. lactis) strain BB-12-supplemented yogurt in healthy adults on antibiotics: a phase I safety study$$$ Probiotics are live microorganisms that, when administered in sufficient doses, provide health benefits on the host. The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) requires phase I safety studies for probiotics when the intended use of the product is as a drug. The purpose of the study was to determine the safety of Bifidobacterium animalis subsp lactis (B. lactis) strain BB‐12 (BB‐12)‐supplemented yogurt when consumed by a generally healthy group of adults who were prescribed a 10‐day course of antibiotics for a respiratory infection. Secondary aims were to assess the ability of BB‐12 to affect the expression of whole blood immune markers associated with cell activation and inflammatory response. A phase I, double‐blinded, randomized controlled study was conducted in compliance with FDA guidelines for an Investigational New Drug (IND). Forty participants were randomly assigned to consume 4 ounces of either BB‐12 ‐supplemented yogurt or non‐supplemented control yogurt daily for 10 d. The primary outcome was to assess safety and tolerability, assessed by the number of reported adverse events. A total of 165 non‐serious adverse events were reported, with no differences between the control and BB‐12 groups. When compared to the control group, B lactis fecal levels were modestly higher in the BB‐12‐supplemented group. In a small subset of patients, changes in whole blood expression of genes associated with regulation and activation of immune cells were detected in the BB‐12‐supplemented group. BB‐12‐supplemented yogurt is safe and well tolerated when consumed by healthy adults concurrently taking antibiotics. This study will form the basis for future randomized clinical trials investigating the potential immunomodulatory effects of BB‐12‐supplemented yogurt in a variety of disease states.
Dietary plant stanol ester consumption improves immune function in asthma patients: results of a randomized, double-blind clinical trial$$$ BACKGROUND: In vitro and ex vivo studies have suggested that plant sterols and stanols can shift the T helper (Th) 1/Th2 balance toward a Th1‐type immune response, which may be beneficial in Th2‐dominant conditions such as asthma and allergies. OBJECTIVE: We evaluated in vivo whether plant stanol esters affect the immune response in asthma patients. DESIGN: Fifty‐eight asthma patients participated in a randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled intervention study. All subjects started with a 2‐wk run‐in period in which they consumed 150 mL control soy‐based yogurt without added plant stanol esters/d. Next, an 8‐wk experimental period was started in which one‐half of the participants received plant stanol enriched soy‐based yogurts (4.0 g plant stanols/d), whereas the other one‐half of subjects continued the consumption of control yogurts. After 4 wk of daily plant stanol consumption, all participants were vaccinated against hepatitis A virus (HAV), and the increase of antibody titres was monitored weekly until 4 wk after vaccination. RESULTS: Asthma patients in the plant stanol ester group showed higher antibody titres against HAV 3 and 4 wk after vaccination [19% (P = 0.037) and 22% (P = 0.030), respectively]. Also, substantial reductions in plasma total immunoglobulin E, interleukin (IL)‐1β, and tumor necrosis factor‐α were shown in the plant stanol ester group. The increase in serum plant stanol concentrations was correlated significantly with the decrease in IL‐13 concentrations and the Th1 switch in the Th1/Th2 balance. However, no absolute differences in cytokine production between the plant stanol ester group and the control group were shown. CONCLUSION: To the best of our knowledge, we are among the first authors to show that plant stanol ester consumption improves the immune function in vivo in asthma patients. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01715675.
Inhibition of fried meat-induced colorectal DNA damage and altered systemic genotoxicity in humans by crucifera, chlorophyllin, and yogurt$$$ Dietary exposures implicated as reducing or causing risk for colorectal cancer may reduce or cause DNA damage in colon tissue$$$ however, no one has assessed this hypothesis directly in humans. Thus, we enrolled 16 healthy volunteers in a 4‐week controlled feeding study where 8 subjects were randomly assigned to dietary regimens containing meat cooked at either low (100°C) or high temperature (250°C), each for 2 weeks in a crossover design. The other 8 subjects were randomly assigned to dietary regimens containing the high‐temperature meat diet alone or in combination with 3 putative mutagen inhibitors: cruciferous vegetables, yogurt, and chlorophyllin tablets, also in a crossover design. Subjects were nonsmokers, at least 18 years old, and not currently taking prescription drugs or antibiotics. We used the Salmonella assay to analyze the meat, urine, and feces for mutagenicity, and the comet assay to analyze rectal biopsies and peripheral blood lymphocytes for DNA damage. Low‐temperature meat had undetectable levels of heterocyclic amines (HCAs) and was not mutagenic, whereas high‐temperature meat had high HCA levels and was highly mutagenic. The high‐temperature meat diet increased the mutagenicity of hydrolyzed urine and feces compared to the low‐temperature meat diet. The mutagenicity of hydrolyzed urine was increased nearly twofold by the inhibitor diet, indicating that the inhibitors enhanced conjugation. Inhibitors decreased significantly the mutagenicity of un‐hydrolyzed and hydrolyzed feces. The diets did not alter the levels of DNA damage in non‐target white blood cells, but the inhibitor diet decreased nearly twofold the DNA damage in target colorectal cells. To our knowledge, this is the first demonstration that dietary factors can reduce DNA damage in the target tissue of fried‐meat associated carcinogenesis. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT00340743.
Case-control study of multiple myeloma with special reference to diet as risk factor$$$ The case‐control study was conducted in Belgrade (Yugoslavia) during the period 1994‐1998. The objective of the study was to investigate factors related to the occurrence of multiple myeloma (MM). The study group consisted of 100 newly diagnosed MM patients and the same number of matched hospital controls. In the analysis conditional univariate and multivariate logistic regression were applied. According to multivariate analysis the following factors were significantly related to MM: smoking > or =25 cigarettes per day (Odds ratio‐‐OR=6.7, 95% confidence interval‐‐95% CI=1.3‐34.3)$$$ having more than two brothers (OR=2.7, 95% CI=1.3‐5.3), rheumatoid arthritis in personal history (OR=4.2, 95% CI=1.2‐14.8), and frequent (4‐7 times per week vs. lower frequency) consumption of yogurt (OR=3.1, 95% CI=1.6‐6.0) and vegetables (OR=0.4, 95% CI=0.1‐1.0).
Short-term effect of macronutrient composition and glycemic index of a yoghurt breakfast on satiety and mood in healthy young men$$$ BACKGROUND: Promoting satiety and repressing appetite is one major goal in the dietetic therapy of obesity. In the past, several studies investigated the effect of different macronutrients, especially protein and carbohydrates, on short‐ and long‐term satiety in humans. This paper aims to directly compare the effect of protein, rolled oats (low glycemic index), sugar or cornflakes (high glycemic index), and walnuts (high amount of omega‐3 fatty acids) as ingredients of a yoghurt breakfast on short‐term hunger and satiety in one setting. A second objective was to study the effect of these yoghurt breakfasts on mental state. METHODS: 14 healthy male volunteers participated in this randomized, controlled, cross‐over design study. After consuming the different test meals, volunteers repeatedly completed 2 questionnaires over a total of 3 h. RESULTS: The protein meal showed the highest satiety scores and the controls (low‐calorie yoghurt) the lowest. The other test meals were not different among each other. Regarding mental state (mood, fatigue, and calmness), no significant difference between the test meals and the low‐calorie control was observed. CONCLUSION: The glycemic index does not seem to modify satiety in this short‐term setting. The similar mental state between low‐ and high‐calorie breakfasts deserves further investigations.
TOPical Imiquimod treatment of high-grade Cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (TOPIC trial): study protocol for a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN) is the premalignant condition of cervical cancer. Whereas not all high grade CIN lesions progress to cervical cancer, the natural history and risk of progression of individual lesions remain unpredictable. Therefore, high‐grade CIN is currently treated by surgical excision: large loop excision of the transformation zone (LLETZ). This procedure has potential complications, such as acute haemorrhage, prolonged bleeding, infection and preterm birth in subsequent pregnancies. These complications could be prevented by development of a non‐invasive treatment modality, such as topical imiquimod treatment. The primary study objective is to investigate the efficacy of topical imiquimod 5% cream for the treatment of high‐grade CIN and to develop a biomarker profile to predict clinical response to imiquimod treatment. Secondary study objectives are to assess treatment side‐effects, disease recurrence and quality of life during and after different treatment modalities. METHODS/DESIGN: The study design is a randomized controlled trial. One hundred forty women with a histological diagnosis of high‐grade CIN (CIN 2‐3) will be randomized into two arms: imiquimod treatment during 16 weeks (experimental arm) or immediate LLETZ (standard care arm). Treatment efficacy will be evaluated by colposcopy with diagnostic biopsies at 20 weeks for the experimental arm. Successful imiquimod treatment is defined as regression to CIN 1 or less, successful LLETZ treatment is defined as PAP 1 after 6 months. Disease recurrence will be evaluated by cytology at 6, 12 and 24 months after treatment. Side‐effects will be evaluated using a standardized report form. Quality of life will be evaluated using validated questionnaires at baseline, 20 weeks and 1 year after treatment. Biomarkers, reflecting both host and viral factors in the pathophysiology of CIN, will be tested at baseline with the aim of developing a predictive biomarker profile for the clinical response to imiquimod treatment. DISCUSSION: Treatment of high‐grade CIN lesions with imiquimod in a selected patient population may diminish complications as a result of surgical intervention. More knowledge on treatment efficacy, side effects and long‐term recurrence rates after treatment is necessary. TRIAL REGISTRATION: EU Clinical Trials Register EU‐CTR2013‐001260‐34 . Registered 18 March 2013. Medical Ethical Committee approval number: NL44336.068.13 (Medical Ethical Committee Maastricht University Hospital, University of Maastricht). Affiliation: Maastricht University Hospital. Registration number ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT02329171.
The effect of low-fat versus whole-fat dairy product intake on blood pressure and weight in young normotensive adults$$$ BACKGROUND: Epidemiologic and experimental studies suggest that higher intake of dairy products could be associated with lower risk of hypertension and obesity. Differences in nutrient composition of distinct dairy products suggest that their effect on these outcomes might be heterogeneous. However, little experimental research has examined the potentially different effects of low‐ and whole‐fat dairy products on blood pressure (BP) and weight change. The present study aimed to assess whether supplementing diets with low‐ or whole‐fat dairy products would differentially affect BP levels and weight. METHODS: A randomised crossover trial in 45 normotensive volunteers (18‐24 years old, 49% female) was conducted. Participants alternatively received 3.5 servings/day of whole‐fat or low‐fat dairy products (milk and yogurt) in addition to their usual diet during two 8‐week periods, with a 4‐week washout period between both interventions. Weight and BP were measured at the beginning and end of each intervention. RESULTS: Whole‐fat dairy supplementation significantly increased systolic BP [2.1 mmHg, 95% confidence interval (CI) = 0.1‐4.0, P = 0.04] and weight (1.0 kg, 95% CI = 0.5‐1.5, P = 0.0002), but not diastolic BP (P = 0.34). Weight and BP did not change significantly after the low‐fat dairy intervention (P > 0.10). There were no significant differences in the effect of low‐fat or whole‐fat dairy products on BP (P > 0.60), but whole‐fat dairy increased weight significantly compared to low‐fat dairy (1.2 kg, 95% CI = 0.5‐1.8, P = 0.0007). CONCLUSIONS: In a young nonhypertensive population, dietary supplementation with whole‐fat dairy products, compared to low‐fat dairy, was associated with weight gain. No differential effects were observed for levels of BP.
Decreased abundance of firmicutes in the gut microbiota after consumption of a diet containing milk fats$$$ Intestinal microbiota play a relevant role in health maintenance and disease prevention. Diet has been shown to influence the intestinal bacterial density, communities, and subsequently their functions. Recent studies have indicated that a diet high in fat causes changes in the intestinal microbiota affecting the host's metabolic phenotype. However, little is known about the relationship between fat quality and bacterial community structure. Several studies have linked the intestinal bacterial composition with the pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes and recent research provides evidence that the consumption of high‐fat dairy products is associated with a reduction in the risk of type 2 diabetes. We hypothesized that a diet containing dairy fat would shift the intestinal bacterial structure as a result of the unique ruminant‐derived fatty acids. Twelve healthy adults (6 male$$$ mean ± SEM, age: 27.2 ± 1.7 y$$$ body mass index: 23.0 ± 0.9 kg/m2) were included in an 8‐wk randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled feeding trial. After a 1‐wk run‐in period, subjects consumed a balanced DASH‐style diet for two 3‐wk interventions (separated by a 1‐wk washout period reflecting a representative U.S. diet) with either 3 servings of whole yogurt (milk fat diet$$$ MF) or fat‐free yogurt supplemented with a control fat (control diet, CON). Fecal samples were collected at the end of each diet intervention for the analysis of intestinal bacterial composition using next‐generation sequencing. From the total sequence reads, Firmicutes were the most abundant bacterial phylum during CON (57.2 ± 7.0%) and were lower after MF (49.9 ± 5.0%, P = 0.040). Diet did not affect the abundance of the phylum Bacteroidetes. The Firmicutes/Bacteroidetes ratio of the intestinal microbiota was lower after MF compared to CON (MF: 2.9 ± 1.1%, CON: 4.5 ± 1.5%$$$ P = 0.047). The relative abundance of the class Bacilli was lower (P = 0.023) after MF consumption (0.88 ±0.19) compared to the CON (2.10 ± 0.45) and family Streptococcaceae (P = 0.026) was lower after MF consumption (0.82 ± 0.18%) when compared to the CON (1.90 ± 0.4%). No statistically significant differences were observed in other bacterial classes, orders, or families. Our results indicate that milk‐derived fat modifies the distribution of Firmicutes and Bacteroidetes, the two major phyla inhabiting the human intestinal tract.
Fats for the food industry: implications for cholesterol-lowering$$$ The special needs of the food industry may not always coincide with what is healthiest for consumers. People always demand optimal taste, flavor and texture$$$ they expect shelf‐stability, convenience and novelty. The edible oils and fat industry has been particularly vulnerable in this regard but has tried, often very successfully, to modify its products to take into account the customer's preferences and their health. The following review illustrates some potential strategies in the retail and commercial sectors, especially in baking, frying and food service areas. Given the large increase in the consumption of convenient, small portion meals, the fat content and composition of such meals and products will critically influence further outcomes in areas related to cardiovascular disease, cancer, obesity and diabetes.
Differential effects of protein quality on postprandial lipemia in response to a fat-rich meal in type 2 diabetes: comparison of whey, casein, gluten, and cod protein$$$ BACKGROUND: Enhanced and prolonged postprandial triglyceride responses involve increased cardiovascular disease risk in type 2 diabetes. Dietary fat and carbohydrates profoundly influence postprandial hypertriglyceridemia, whereas little information exists on the effect of proteins. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to compare the effects of the proteins casein, whey, cod, and gluten on postprandial lipid and incretin responses to a high‐fat meal in persons with type 2 diabetes. DESIGN: A crossover study was conducted in 12 patients with type 2 diabetes. Blood samples were collected over 8 h after ingestion of a test meal containing 100 g butter and 45 g carbohydrate in combination with 45 g casein (Cas‐meal), whey (Whe‐meal), cod (Cod‐meal), or gluten (Glu‐meal). We measured plasma concentrations of triglycerides, retinyl palmitate (RP), free fatty acids, insulin, glucose, glucagon, glucagon‐like peptide 1, and glucose‐dependent insulinotropic peptide. RESULTS: The incremental area under the curve for triglyceride was significantly lower after the Whe‐meal than after the other meals. The RP response was lower after the Whe‐meal than after the Cas‐meal and Cod‐meal in the chylomicron‐rich fraction and higher after the Whe‐meal than after Cod‐ and Glu‐meals in the chylomicron‐poor fraction. Free fatty acids were most pronouncedly suppressed after the Whe‐meal. The glucose response was lower after the Whe‐meal than after the other meals, whereas no significant differences were found in insulin, glucagon, glucagon‐like peptide 1, and glucose‐dependent insulinotropic peptide responses. CONCLUSION: The data suggest that as a supplement to a fat‐rich meal in patients with type 2 diabetes, whey protein seems to outperform other proteins in terms of postprandial lipemia improvement, possibly because of the formation of fewer chylomicrons or increased clearance of chylomicrons. The trial was registered at ClinicalTrials.gov as NCT00817973.
Effects of probiotic yogurt consumption on inflammatory biomarkers in patients with type 2 diabetes$$$ Introduction: The role of inflammatory cytokines in diabetes and its complications has been shown in some studies. The purpose of this study was to compare the effect of probiotic and conventional yogurt on inflammatory markers in patients with type 2 diabetes. Methods: Forty‐four patients with type 2 diabetes were participated in this randomized, doubleblind controlled clinical trial and assigned to two intervention and control groups. The subjects in the intervention group consumed 300 g/d probiotic yogurt and subjects in the control group consumed 300 g/d conventional yogurt for 8 weeks. Anthropometric indices, dietary intakes, and serum levels of glucose, HbA1c, IL‐6, TNF‐α and hs‐CRP were evaluated at the beginning and end of the intervention. Results: For anthropometric indices and dietary intakes, no significant differences were seen within and between groups post intervention (p> 0.05). The consumption of probiotic yogurt caused significant decrease in HbA1c and TNF‐α levels (p= 0.032 and p= 0.040, respectively) in the intervention group. Conclusion: It is suggested that probiotic yogurt may be used as an alternative prevention approach and treatment method to control diabetic complications. © 2014 The Author(s).
Camel milk, adjunct to insulin therapy improves glycemic control and lowers insulin requirement without risk of hypoglycemia in patients with type 1 diabetes: 2 years randomized controlled trial$$$ Hypoglycemic effect of camel milk supplementation in experimental rat model and significant reduction in doses of insulin in type‐1 diabetic patients have been observed in our previous studies. This long‐term study was undertaken to assess the efficacy, safety and acceptability of camel milk as an adjunct to insulin therapy in type‐1 diabetics. In this two year randomized clinical parallel design study, 24 type‐1 diabetics were enrolled and divided in two groups. Group‐I (n=12) received usual care i.e. diet, exercise and insulin and group‐II (n=12) received 500ml camel milk in addition to usual care. Insulin requirement was titrated weekly by blood glucose estimation. Results were analysed using ANOVA. In camel milk group, there was significant decrease in mean blood glucose (118.58±19 to 93.16±17.06 mg/ dl, p<0.001), HbA1c levels (7.81±1.39 to 5.44±0.81%, p<0.05) and insulin doses (32.50±9.99 to 17.50±12.09u/day, p<0.05). Out of 12 subjects receiving camel milk, insulin requirement in 3 subjects reduced to zero. Non‐significant changes in C‐peptide, plasma insulin and anti insulin antibodies were observed in both the groups. Camel milk is safe and efficacious in improving long‐term glycemic control with a significant reduction in the doses of insulin in type‐1 diabetic patients.
Topical imiquimod treatment of residual or recurrent cervical intraepithelial neoplasia lesions (TOPIC-2): a randomised controlled trial$$$ Objective: To investigate the efficacy of imiquimod in women with residual or recurrent cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (rrCIN), compared with large loop excision of the transformation zone (LLETZ). Design: Randomised controlled non‐inferiority trial. Setting: One academic and one regional hospital in the Netherlands. Population: Thirty‐five women with rrCIN were included in the study between May 2016 and May 2021. Methods: Women were randomised to receive treatment with 5% imiquimod cream (12.5 mg) intravaginally (three times a week for a duration of 16 weeks) or a LLETZ procedure (standard treatment). Main outcome measures: The primary outcome was reduction to normal cytology at 6 months after starting treatment. Secondary outcomes were clearance of high‐risk human papilloma virus (hr‐HPV) in both groups and reduction to ≤CIN1 in the imiquimod group. Side effects were monitored. Results: Treatment success was 33% (6/18) in the imiquimod group versus 100% (16/16) in the LLETZ group (P < 0.001), whereas HPV clearance was 22% (4/18) in the imiquimod group versus 88% (14/16) in the LLETZ group (P < 0.001). After the randomisation of 35 women, the futility of treatment with imiquimod was proven and the trial was prematurely finished. In the follow‐up period, three patients remained without additional treatment, whereas all other patients underwent LLETZ, conisation or hysterectomy. In the LLETZ group none of the patients received additional treatment during 2 years of follow‐up. Conclusions: This is the first randomised controlled trial to show that topical imiquimod has a significantly lower success rate in terms of reduction to normal cytology and hr‐HPV clearance, compared with LLETZ, in women with rrCIN. Additionally, imiquimod has numerous side effects and after using imiquimod most women with rrCIN still required additional surgical treatment.
Womens' preferences for surgery or imiquimod as treatment for high-grade cervical intraepithelial neoplasia: a discrete choice experiment$$$ Background and Aims: Imiquimod cream has been studied as a treatment alternative to LLETZ (large loop excision of the transformation zone) in high‐grade CIN, in order to prevent preterm birth and subfertility after LLETZ treatment. A recent RCT shows a treatment efficacy of 73%. This study aims to investigate womens' preferences in treatment of high‐grade CIN with imiquimod or LLETZ. Methods: A labelled discrete choice experiment (DCE) was conducted among 100 women with abnormal cervical cytology in 5 hospitals in the Netherlands, between March 2014 and December 2015. Participants were asked to choose between imiquimod treatment or standard surgical treatment in ten Results: Baseline characteristics are shown in table 1. Women generally assign a positive utility to LLETZ (positive coefficient of 4.25, table 2). When making a choice for imiquimod, women prefer a higher treatment success rate and a lower risk of premature birth, subfertility and side‐effects. A choice for imiquimod treatment is strongly influenced by a future pregnancy wish (table 2‐2). The LLETZ treatment provides a significant higher benefit for women without a pregnancy wish compared to women with a pregnancy wish. Subgroup analyses revealed that women with a future pregnancy wish may accept lower treatment success rates than women without a future pregnancy wish: they consider a treatment success rate of 72% acceptable, when the risks of subfertility and future premature birth are low. Conclusions: Imiquimod treatment may develop as a treatment alternative mainly for women with a future pregnancy wish. (Table Presented).
Postprandial endothelial activation in healthy subjects and in type 2 diabetic patients: role of fat and carbohydrate meals$$$ OBJECTIVES: To compare the effect of a high‐fat meal and a high‐carbohydrate meal (pizza), with and without antioxidant vitamins, on endothelial activation in healthy subjects and in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. BACKGROUND: The postprandial state is becoming increasingly acknowledged to affect some early events of atherogenesis. METHODS: In a randomized, observer‐blinded, crossover study, 20 newly diagnosed type 2 diabetic patients and 20 age‐ and gender‐matched healthy subjects received two meals at one‐week intervals: a high‐fat meal (760 calories) and an isoenergetic high‐carbohydrate meal (non‐cheese pizza). In all subjects, the same meals were repeated immediately following ingestion of vitamin E, 800 IU, and ascorbic acid, 1,000 mg. RESULTS: In normal subjects, the high‐fat meal increased the plasma levels of tumor necrosis factor‐alpha (TNF‐alpha), interleukin‐6 (IL‐6), intercellular adhesion molecule‐1 (ICAM‐1) and vascular cell adhesion molecule‐1 (VCAM‐1), which were prevented by vitamins. No change in these parameters occurred after pizza ingestion or pizza ingestion with vitamins. In diabetic patients, basal concentrations of glucose, cytokines and adhesion molecules were significantly higher than in nondiabetic controls. Both meals significantly increased cytokine and adhesion molecule levels, but the increase was more sustained following the high‐fat meal. There was no significant change from baseline when vitamin supplementation accompanied each meal. There was a relationship between changes in serum triglycerides and changes in TNF‐alpha (r = 0.39, p < 0.01), IL‐6 (r = 0.28, p < 0.05) and VCAM‐1 (r = 0.25, p < 0.05), and between changes in plasma glucose and changes in IL‐6 (r = 0.36, p < 0.01) and ICAM‐1 (r = 0.31, p < 0.02). CONCLUSIONS: An oxidative mechanism mediates endothelial activation induced by post‐meal hyperlipidemia and hyperglycemia.
Effect of soya protein powder "ALMASED" on Diabetic patients$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Soya protein powder: During the first 6 months, Almased (Soya protein powder with yogurt, diluted with 250 ml of water) will be given as a meal replacement substituting one major meal/day$$$ the dosage will be defined individually according to body weight. During the next 6 months, Almased (50 g/d) will be added to the diet before one meal. The Almased group will receive group sessions related to the utilisation of Almased. Control Intervention1: Almased PROTEIN FROM SOY, YOGURT : intervention trials on the effect of spya and yogurt on type 2 diabetes CONDITION: Diabetes Mellitus Type 2$$$ Obesity PRIMARY OUTCOME: HbA1c improvement‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 6 months SECONDARY OUTCOME: HOMA‐Index (Homeostasis Model Assessment)improvement $$$ Improvent in Fasting blood glucose $$$ Improvent in Fasting blood insulin $$$ ‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 1 year INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1‐Type 2 diabetes mellitus: Diabetes mellitus will be determined by medical records, current treatment, verification from personal health care provider, or test results meeting the 2010 American Diabetes Association criteria of fasting glucose â?¥126 mg/dl, symptoms of hyperglycemia with casual plasma glucose > 200 mg/dl or two‐hour plasma glucose â?¥200 mg/dl after a 75 gram oral glucose load. Individuals who have a clinical history strongly suggestive of type1 diabetes will be excluded. Individuals taking oral hypoglycemic medication with diet and exercise are eligible. Subjects taking insulin will not be eligible for entry into the study. 2‐Body mass index: Overweight and obese individuals, with body mass index 25 â?? 40 kg/m2, are eligible. Weight loss is recommended for overweight diabetic participants with one or more cardiovascular risk factors. 3‐Age: Individuals older than 21 years are eligible. 4‐Ethnicity: All ethnic gr
Increased postprandial glycaemia, insulinemia, and lipidemia after 10 weeks' sucrose-rich diet compared to an artificially sweetened diet: a randomised controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: The importance of exchanging sucrose for artificial sweeteners on risk factors for developing diabetes and cardiovascular diseases is not yet clear. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effects of a diet high in sucrose versus a diet high in artificial sweeteners on fasting and postprandial metabolic profiles after 10 weeks. DESIGN: Healthy overweight subjects were randomised to consume drinks and foods sweetened with either sucrose (∼2 g/kg body weight) (n = 12) or artificial sweeteners (n = 11) as supplements to their usual diet. Supplements were similar on the two diets and consisted of beverages (∼80 weight%) and solid foods (yoghurts, marmalade, ice cream, stewed fruits). The rest of the diet was free of choice and ad libitum. Before (week 0) and after the intervention (week 10) fasting blood samples were drawn and in week 10, postprandial blood was sampled during an 8‐hour meal test (breakfast and lunch). RESULTS: After 10 weeks postprandial glucose, insulin, lactate, triglyceride, leptin, glucagon, and GLP‐1 were all significantly higher in the sucrose compared with the sweetener group. After adjusting for differences in body weight changes and fasting values (week 10), postprandial glucose, lactate, insulin, GIP, and GLP‐1 were significantly higher and after further adjusting for differences in energy and sucrose intake, postprandial lactate, insulin, GIP, and GLP‐1 levels were still significantly higher on the sucrose‐rich diet. CONCLUSION: A sucrose‐rich diet consumed for 10 weeks resulted in significant elevations of postprandial glycaemia, insulinemia, and lipidemia compared to a diet rich in artificial sweeteners in slightly overweight healthy subjects.
Plasma free fatty acids and metabolic effect in type 2 diabetes, an ancillary study from a randomized clinical trial$$$ Most nutrition studies looking at the association of food with cardiometabolic markers rely on food frequency questionnaires, which are prone to recall bias. Pentadecanoic acid, heptadecanoic acid and trans‐palmitoleic acid are fatty acids that are not synthesized endogenously but are obtained from the diet, particularly dairy, making them reasonable biomarkers of dairy consumption. We investigated the association of dairy fatty acid biomarkers with glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) and cardiovascular risk factors in type 2 diabetes (T2D). In a clinical trial, 111 participants with T2D (age 58.5 ± 8.9 years, HbA1c 8.09 ± 0.96%) were randomized into three groups: a control group that maintained baseline dairy intake, a low‐fat (LF) group that incorporated ≥3 servings/day of LF dairy and a high‐fat (HF) group that incorporated ≥3 servings/day of HF dairy. We compared the fatty acids (FA) composition between the three groups at 24 weeks. Pentadecanoic acid and trans‐palmitoleic acid increased in the HF group by 14.1% ± 5.4% and 17.5% ± 5.1%, respectively, but not in the control and LF groups (p = 0.0474 and p = 0.0025 for group‐by‐time interaction, respectively). Those increases were positively associated with changes in total cholesterol, very‐low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol VLDL‐C and triglycerides but were not associated with changes in HbA1c from baseline to 24 weeks. These results suggest that the intervention was successful and that participants were likely compliant, which supports the validity of the main trial.
Effect of Lactobacillus casei strain Shirota-fermented milk on metabolic abnormalities in obese prediabetic Japanese men: a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial$$$ An obesity‐related prediabetic state is characterised by metabolic abnormalities such as post‐glucose load hyperglycaemia and dyslipidaemia and consequently increases the risk for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. This study aimed to investigate the effects of Lactobacillus casei strain Shirota (LcS) on metabolic abnormalities in obese prediabetic subjects in a randomised, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial. Herein, 100 obese subjects (body mass index ≥25), who had moderate post‐load hyperglycaemia (1‐hr post‐load plasma glucose (PG) levels ≥180 mg/dl during the oral glucose tolerance test), consumed LcS‐fermented milk or placebo milk daily for 8 weeks. The post‐load PG and fasting blood markers were evaluated. Although post‐load PG levels were not significantly different between the groups, 1‐hr post‐load PG, glycoalbumin, and HbA1c levels decreased at 8 weeks compared with the baseline levels only in the LcS group (p=0.036, p=0.002, and p=0.006, respectively). The reduction in glycoalbumin levels was statistically significantly greater in the LcS group than in the placebo group (p=0.030). Stratified analyses revealed significantly improved 1‐hr post‐load PG and glycoalbumin levels in the LcS group compared with the placebo group among subjects with severe glucose intolerance (2‐hr post‐load PG levels higher than the median at baseline$$$ p=0.036 and p=0.034, respectively). In terms of lipidic outcomes, total, low‐density lipoprotein, and non‐high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol levels were significantly lower in the LcS group than in the placebo group (p=0.023, p=0.022, and p=0.008, respectively). These findings suggest that LcS may favourably affect metabolic abnormalities in obese prediabetic subjects, though the effects on glycaemic control may be limited.
Study on the effect of Yashtimadhu ghee for minimizing the radiation toxicity in patients of oropharyngeal cancer$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Yashtimadhu ghrita: Patients in the intervention arm will be advised to smear yashtimadhu ghrita in their oral and oropharyngeal areas 4 times daily for a period of 4 weeks after the radical radiation therapy/chemo radiation along with the conventional standard of care. Control Intervention1: Soda saline mouth wash: Patients who had undergone radical radiation therapy/ chemo radiation for carcinoma oropharynx will be advised to use soda saline mouth wash 4 times daily along with standard of care. CONDITION: Health Condition 1: C10‐ Malignant neoplasm of oropharynx Health Condition 2: C10‐ Malignant neoplasm of oropharynx PRIMARY OUTCOME: To assess the effectiveness of the Ghrita $$$ In controlling oral mucositis $$$ In controlling pain $$$ In minimising antibiotic and anti fungal requirements $$$ In reducing analgesic usage $$$ In reducing radiation induced dryness $$$ In improving oral hygiene $$$ $$$ Timepoint: Day 1,15 days, 28 days and follow up after 6 month. SECONDARY OUTCOME: NILTimepoint: NOT APPLICABLE INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients who had undergone radical radiation therapy/ chemo radiation for carcinoma oropharynx
Effects of a non-glucose food preload on oral glucose tolerance in subjects with impaired glucose tolerance and type 2 diabetes$$$ Background and aims: Protein and fat ingestion delays gastric emptying and stimulates gut hormones release. Recent studies have suggested that these effects could be exploited to improve the plasma glucose excursions induced by carbohydrates in type 2 diabetic patients (T2D). The present study was designed to measure the impact of a small non‐glucose food preload on the major components of glucose homeostasis in subjects with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and T2D and to test whether gut hormones participate in this response. Materials and methods: Ten diet‐controlled T2D patients (8 males, age 55±7 years, BMI 28.7±4.7 kg/m2, HbA1c 48±2 mmol/l) and thirteen IGT subjects (7 males, age 47±5 years, BMI 26.3±1.6 kg/m2, HbA1c 38±1 mmol/l) were enrolled. On two separate days, after an overnight fast, they were randomised to a preload of either 500 ml of water (control) or Parmesan cheese (50 g) plus a boiled egg with 300 ml of water$$$ 30 minutes later they underwent a standard 75 gr oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Arterialised timed blood samples were collected to measure plasma glucose, insulin, C‐peptide, GLP‐1 and GIP. Two stable glucose tracers were administrated ([6,6‐2H2]glucose and [U‐13C]glucose, i.v. and per os respectively) to measure the rate of appearance of ingested (RaO) and endogenous glucose and the glucose clearance. Three major components of β‐cell function, namely glucose sensitivity (βGS), rate sensitivity (βRS) and potentiation (POT) were evaluated by modeling insulin secretion (estimated from C‐peptide deconvolution) and plasma glucose. Insulin sensitivity was estimated using the OGIS method. Results: In T2D patients, the plasma glucose rise during the OGTT was significantly lower after the food preload than after water ingestion (iAUC ‐49.4±5.9%, p<0.0002). The food preload produced a delay in glucose absorption (RaO iAUC ‐27±12%, p<0.05), an enhancement of βGS (+102±31%, p<0.006), and an increase in GLP‐1 (iAUC +176±49%, p<0.004) and GIP response (iAUC +74±31%, p<0.03), while insulin sensitivity, glucose clearance, endogenous glucose production, βRS and POT were not affected. In IGT subjects, the effect of the food preload on glucose tolerance was less pronounced (iAUC ‐39±7%, p<0.0002) and explained by a significant improvement in POT (+43±17%, p<0.04) and a minor delay in glucose absorption (RaO iAUC ‐16±8%, p<0.01). While the GLP‐1 response was similarly enhanced (iAUC +149±58%, p<0.002), GIP secretion in IGTs was stimulated to a greater extent (iAUC +179±49%, p<0.001). In the whole dataset, glucose tolerance improved in proportion to its baseline derangement and was not correlated to the changes in either GLP‐1 or GIP. Conclusion: A small non‐glucose food preload significantly improves glucose tolerance in diet‐controlled T2D and IGT. This results from different combinations of delayed glucose absorption and improved β‐cell function in the two study groups. Simple diet recommendations have the potential to control postprandial hyperglycaemia in T2D patients by engaging mechanisms, other than gut hormones, that appear to be preserved in the early stages of the disease.
Using Ghee, Turmeric and Honey reducing oral mucositis in Head and neck cancer patients undergoing radiation$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Topical application of honey, ghee and turmeric: Intervension will consist of applying 1‐2ml of concentration of turmeric, honey and ghee before 10 min of radiation and after 10 min of radiation as topical agent to prevent oral mucositis during the course of radiation therapy. The concentation should be applied for 1min, then it has to swallow. Every 7th day mucositis will be asses by using CTCAE oral mucositis scale. No mouthwash or other topical medication to be used immediately before and after radiatiotherapy. Photo to be taken of the patients during course of radiotherapy by taking their consent. The treatment would be given for 35 days. Control Intervention1: To reduce pain and mucositis: Will be provided pain killer, mouthwash, mucopain gel, zytee loction CONDITION: Health Condition 1: C148‐ Malignant neoplasm of overlappingsites of lip, oral cavity and pharyn X PRIMARY OUTCOME: mucositis assessmentTimepoint: Baseline and after 35 days SECONDARY OUTCOME: Not applicableTimepoint: Not applicable INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1.Stage I‐III 2. Head and neck cancer patients undergoing radiotherapy 3. During the course of radiotherapy 30‐35 cycle 4.Functional ability as per ECOG score 0 to 2
Patient-specific 'immune repair' improves glycemic control in diabetes mellitus-evidence for a comprehensive immunopathogenesis hypothesis$$$ Purpose: Antigen burden has been variably implicated in the loss of oral tolerance and induction/maintenance of diabetes. We hypothesized that identification of patientspecific antigen‐burden, reduction of identified immunereactant exposure, an alkaline diet, and micronutrient replenishment to enhance repair would improve homeostasis and glycemic control. Methods: A 6‐month community‐based randomized controlled trial to compare conventional 'best practices' diabetes management alone (control arm, 13 in each cohort) with a test group who, additionally carried out the above patient specific comprehensive 'immune repair' protocol (test arm, 14 Type 1 and 13 Type 2 diabetics). Immunoreactant load was studied by an ex vivo lymphocyte response assay (LRA by ELISA/ACT). Glycemic control was assessed in terms of changes in HbA1c, glucose and insulin levels, and statistically analyzed in 27 patients with Type 1 and 26 patients with Type 2 diabetes. Results: Immune reactivities were seen in almost all subjects. The most common single immune reactant was cow dairy (69%of Type 2 and 28% of Type 1 diabetics$$$ P<.01$$$ Figure 1). Average glycated hemoglobin levels fell in both type 1 (8.7% reduction in test vs 5.2% in control) and type 2 (13.3% reduction in test vs 2.6% in control$$$ P<.05) diabetes. The reduction in type 1 diabetics correlated with reductions in immune reactivities. Test subjects also reported fewer hypoglycemic episodes and reduced insulin requirement. Mean insulin levels reduced by 18% in test subjects as against 12% in controls with Type 2 diabetes‐ supporting the role of oral tolerance in insulin resistance. Conclusion: Immune reactivities to acquired antigens in diabetes are significant and patient‐specific. Protocols addressing individualized needs show promise in achieving improved glycemic control‐goal of modern diabetes management. We propose a practical, comprehensive, integrated approach toward managing diabetes that could prove to be more cost and outcome effective than current conventional diabetes care alone.
Efficacy of low-fat milk and yogurt fortified with vitamin D3 on systemic inflammation in adults with abdominal obesity$$$ BACKGROUND: The prevalence of vitamin D deficiency is increasing globally and is associated with an increased risk of metabolic syndrome, autoimmune disease, and cardiovascular disease. Vit D deficiency is also associated with increased systemic inflammation. The current study aimed to determine the efficacy of low‐fat milk and yogurt fortified with 1500 IU nano‐encapsulated vitamin D, on systemic inflammation in abdominal obese participants. METHOD: This multi‐center study was conducted using a 2.5‐month parallel total‐blind randomized clinical trial design. Two hundred and eighty nine subjects were allocated to four groups: low‐fat milk fortified by 1500 IU nano‐encapsulated vitamin D3 (200 mL/day). Simple milk (200 mL/day), low‐fat yogurt fortified by 1500 IU nano‐encapsulated vitamin D3 (150 g/day), and simple yogurt (150 g/day). RESULTS: The results showed that serum levels of neutrophils, lymphocytes, platelets and red blood cell distribution width (RDW) were significantly lower before and after the intervention in fortified dairy groups. The results showed that serum levels of neutrophils, lymphocytes, platelets, and RDW before and after intervention in the fortified dairy groups were significantly lower (p < 0.05). The values of = neutrophil to lymphocyte ratio (NLR), platelets to lymphocyte ratio, and RDW to platelets ratio (RPR) reduced significantly in the fortification group (p < 0.05). CONCLUSION: Fortification with nano‐encapsulated vitamin D3 of dairy products may decrease inflammation in individuals with abdominal obesity.
The independent and additive effects of yogurt and its probiotics on serum lipid profile: a meta-analysis and randomised controlled trial$$$ Dyslipidaemia leads to an increased risk of cardiovascular disease. Probiotic yogurt contains both probiotic bacteria and biologically active agents produced during bacterial fermentation of milk. However the effects of products of bacterial fermentation compared to isolated probiotic bacteria on metabolism remain uncertain. Preliminary data from our Cochrane Collaboration approved meta‐analysis of clinical trials have demonstrated that probiotic yogurt and probiotics can reduce total cholesterol by 0.12 mmol/L (P=0.009). Consequently, we undertook a randomized, double‐blinded, parallel, factorial, placebo‐controlled trial of the independent and additive effects of a daily dose of > 3 x 109 of L. acidophilus La5 and B. lactis Bb12 as capsules or as fermented milk. 155 men and women over 55 y with features of metabolic syndrome were randomized to one of four 6 week intervention groups receiving both a dairy product (either yogurt or the placebo milk), and capsules (either probiotic or placebo). Change in serum lipid profile was assessed. The clinical trial is nearing completion, following which the randomization codes will be accessed and results of the clinical trial will be prepared for presentation at the 2013 ASN. By using identical strain and dose of probiotic bacteria, the results of our RCT will directly compare the effect mode of probiotic administration has on lipid outcomes.
The effects of low-fat dairy products on the metabolism of subjects at increased risk of metabolic disorders$$$ INTERVENTION: 500 mL low‐fat milk and 200 mL low‐fat yogurt daily. The control products are 600 mL fruit juice and 1 slice (20 g) of gingerbread or 1 (20 g) fruit biscuit. CONDITION: $$$ disturbed fat and glucose metabolism $$$ Metabolic syndrome 10018424 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Endpoints are markers of insulin resistance, lipid profile, inflammation and $$$ prothrombotic state.$$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: ‐$$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: Body mass inde X(BMI) > 30 kg/mw or waist circumference > 88 cm (women) or > 102 cm (men)
Effect of camel milk on glucose metabolism in adults with normal glucose tolerance and type 2 diabetes in Raica community: a crossover study$$$ BACKGROUND: To investigate effects of camel milk consumption on insulin sensitivity and glycemic control in normal and type‐2 diabetics of Raika and Non‐Raika community. METHODS: 28 raika and non‐raika male were enrolled in study, categorized in 2 groups, non‐diabetic and diabetic after one month stabilization. Non‐diabetics were supplemented with cow milk and diabetics with camel milk$$$ followed by one‐month washout period. Afterwards regimen was interchanged for 3 months. Biochemical and anthropometric data was recorded at baseline, after stabilization, before and after washout and at end of study. RESULTS: An improving trend was observed in both the groups for camel milk effect (FBS 203.86 +/‐ 24.09 to 161.43 +/‐ 11.39 mg/dl$$$ p<0.05, OGTT 320.86 +/‐ 25.34 to 213.79 +/‐ 15.96 mg/dl$$$ p<0.05 in diabetics and FBS 101.79 +/‐ 3.06 to 96.79 +/‐ 2.56 mg/dl, OGTT 114.36 +/‐ 7.99 to 100.36 +/‐ 6.74 mg/dl in control). HbAlc improved due to camel milk consumption (8.39 +/‐ 0.64 to 7.27 +/‐ 0.67%) whereas deteriorated in the case of cow milk (7.36 +/‐ 0.66 to 8.26 +/‐ 0.60%) in diabetic group. The HOMA‐IR reduced from 13.21 +/‐ 4.88 to 4.38 +/‐ 0.75, AUC‐glucose from 37253.57 +/‐ 2859.08 to 30724.29 +/‐ 3677.33 and AUC‐insulin from 5871.86 +/‐ 1210.73 to 3301.86 +/‐ 629.98 in the camel milk group. CONCLUSIONS: In type‐2 diabetics camel milk reduces FBS, post‐prandial glucose and HbA1c. AUC‐insulin and AUC‐glucose also decreased significantly along with HOMA‐IR. It shows hypoglycemic effect of camel milk reducing insulin resistance. (www.actabiomedica.it).
Postprandial Effects of a Proprietary Milk Protein Hydrolysate Containing Bioactive Peptides in Prediabetic Subjects$$$ Milk proteins have been hypothesized to protect against type 2 diabetes (T2DM) by beneficially modulating glycemic response, predominantly in the postprandial status. This potential is, amongst others, attributed to the high content of whey proteins, which are commonly a product of cheese production. However, native whey has received substantial attention due to its higher leucine content, and its postprandial glycemic effect has not been assessed thus far in prediabetes. In the present study, the impact of a milk protein hydrolysate of native whey origin with alpha‐glucosidase inhibiting properties was determined in prediabetics in a randomized, cross‐over trial. Subjects received a single dose of placebo or low‐ or high‐dosed milk protein hydrolysate prior to a challenge meal high in carbohydrates. Concentration‐time curves of glucose and insulin were assessed. Incremental areas under the curve (iAUC) of glucose as the primary outcome were significantly reduced by low‐dosed milk peptides compared to placebo (p = 0.0472), and a minor insulinotropic effect was seen. A longer intervention period with the low‐dosed product did not strengthen glucose response but significantly reduced HbA1c values (p = 0.0244). In conclusion, the current milk protein hydrolysate of native whey origin has the potential to modulate postprandial hyperglycemia and hence may contribute in reducing the future risk of developing T2DM.
Effect of a polyherbal formulation cream on diabetic neuropathic pain among patients with type 2 diabetes - A pilot study$$$ Background & objectives: Painful diabetic neuropathy is a common complication of diabetes and can severely limit patients’ daily functions. The aim of this pilot study was to evaluate the safety and effect of using a polyherbal formulation in reducing the symptoms of diabetic neuropathic pain in comparison with placebo among patients with type 2 diabetes. Methods: A total of 50 (M:F = 33:17) consecutive type 2 diabetes patients with painful diabetic neuropathy were enrolled in this study. All these patients had either two or more symptoms of diabetic neuropathy such as pain, burning and pricking sensations and numbness in their feet. They were randomly assigned to two groups: group 1 (n = 26) patients were treated with polyherbal formulation cream and group 2 (n = 24) patients were administered placebo. The patients were followed up for six months. Changes in the symptoms of painful diabetic neuropathy of each patient were recorded at baseline, third and sixth month using the Diabetic Neuropathic Score. Results: The mean age of the patients, duration of diabetes and glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) were similar in both groups at baseline. During follow up visits, there was a decrease in the HbA1c levels in the study and control groups. The symptoms of painful diabetic neuropathy were also similar in both groups at baseline. A significant decrease in symptoms of neuropathic pain was observed among the group of patients treated with polyherbal formulation cream (76.9 per cent) compared to the placebo‐treated group (12.5 per cent) (P<0.001), at the end of the final follow up. Interpretation & conclusions: In this pilot study polyherbal formulation cream was found to be effective as well as safe to treat painful diabetic neuropathy. However, its long term use needs to be evaluated for any further effectiveness and side effects.
Tissue-type plasminogen activator antigen and consumption of dairy products. The DESIR study. Data from an Epidemiological Study on Insulin Resistance Syndrome$$$ We investigated whether tissue‐type plasminogen activator antigen (t‐PA‐Ag) was associated with intake of meat, fish, or dairy products. The study population comprised 295 women and 299 men aged 30‐64 years, which was a random sample from the D.E.S.I.R. (Data from an Epidemiological Study on the Insulin Resistance syndrome) study comprising 5214 men and women in total. T‐PA‐Ag was measured in fasting blood samples and the habitual intake of foods was assessed by several questions on a food frequency questionnaire. Cross‐sectional data were analyzed. The mean t‐PA‐Ag concentration was 3.28 ng/mL (SD, 1.26) in men and 2.52 ng/mL (SD, 1.22) in women. The concentration of t‐PA‐Ag was inversely associated with the consumption of milk and milk products in women (p for trend: 0.15) and in men (p for trend: 0.04). The difference between subjects with a low and a high milk consumption was 13% in women and 19% in men. Similar results were observed for consumption of cheese. The concentration of t‐PA‐Ag was 21 and 8% lower for women and men with a high cheese consumption, respectively, compared to those with a low consumption. Further analyses showed that the association of t‐PA‐Ag with milk and milk product consumption was independent of cheese consumption and vice versa. No association between meat or fish intake and t‐PA‐Ag was observed. The results of this study indicate that, if confirmed by others, a high intake of dairy products may influence fibrinolysis by an effect on t‐PA‐Ag.
Efficacy and safety of a dietary supplement (SAI) in a randomized, double-blind placebo controlled studies in 3 centers$$$ Results: The primary objective of this study is to evaluate the efficacy and safety of SAI compared to that of a placebo with Type 2 diabetic subjects using two randomized double‐blind, placebo controlled multicenter studies. SAI is a dietary supplement formulated with bioactive peptides from soy and whey specifically developed to lower HbA1c levels of Type 2 diabetic patients. These bioactive peptides are fortified with synergistic minerals, antioxidants, vitamins, cinnamon extracts, insulinotropic amino acids/peptides, soluble and insoluble fiber and then formulated with milk protein and organic soy milk. Subjects were screened using the study design protocol approved by IRB. The Type 2 diabetic subjects were treated for 12 weeks with two doses of either SAI or placebo which were taken every day with morning breakfast and evening meals. The analysis of covariance (ANCOVA) model on the change from baseline values of HbA1c, fasting blood glucose levels, body weight, BMI, lipid panel, blood pressure and kidney function tests with baseline value and age as covariates was used for assessing statistically significant difference between SAI and placebo. Statistically significant reduction in HbA1c (‐1.62) and fasting blood glucose levels (‐38.9) were observed in the patients treated with SAI dietary supplement compared to placebo. Also, reduction is seen in body weight, BMI, microalbumin and increase in HDL in patients treated with SAI. (Table presented) .
Effects of probiotics on glycemic control and inflammation in type 2 diabetes mellitus: a randomized, double-blind, placebocontrolled study$$$ Aims: The aim of this clinical trial was to investigate the effects of probiotics on glycemic control and inflammatory and anti‐inflammatory markers in T2D. Methods: In a double‐blind, randomized controlled trial, 50 subjects with T2D were assigned to two groups: probiotic group, consumed 120 g/d of fermented milk containing Lactobacillus acidophilus LA5 and Bifidobacterium lactis BB12 or placebo group, consumed 120 g/d of conventional fermented milk for 6 weeks. Anthropometric measurements, body composition and fasting blood were took at baseline and after 6 weeks intervention. Results: The study demonstrated a significant decrease in fructosamine levels (p = 0.05) and haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) tended to be lower (p = 0.07) in probiotic group. TNF‐ α and resistin were significantly reduced (p < 0.05) in both groups after end of trial, while IL‐10 was significantly reduced (p < 0.001) and adiponectin levels tended to be lower (p = 0.07) in the placebo group. There was a significant difference in mean changes of HbA1c, between groups (p < 0.05). No significant changes from baseline were shown in IL‐6 levels. Conclusion: Probiotic consumption improved the glycemic control and prevented a reduction in anti‐inflamatory cytokines in T2D subjects. The Fermented milk intake seems to be involved with reductions in inflammatory markers.
Increased levels of factor VII, fibrinogen and activity of plasminogen activator inhibitor during postprandial triglyceridemia in patients with ischemic heart disease confirmed by angiography$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIM: Impaired elimination of triglycerides (TG) after postprandial lipemia is often observed in patients with ischemic heart disease (IHD). Longer retention of TG‐rich lipoproteins in the circulation may in turn be the cause of hemostatic disturbances in the form of hypercoagulation. The aim of this study was to evaluate the influence of postprandial lipemia on the hemostatic system in normolipemic patients with angiographically documented atherosclerotic changes of coronary arteries. METHODS AND RESULTS: 20 males under 60 years of age with IHD and 10 healthy males matched for age were studied. Hemostatic and lipid parameters were determined in blood collected before (fasting) and after (2, 4, 6 and 8 hours) an oral fat load (200 ml of 30% cream). A statistically significant increase in factor VII (FVIIc‐%) was found during postprandial lipemia in comparison with fasting. Although in patients with IHD the area under the curve for FVIIc was not significantly different than in the control group, it was observed that FVIIc in the IHD group exceeded the fasting level earlier (4, 6 and 8 h) than in controls (8 h). Levels of FVIIc reached for the IHD group: fasting value = 96.3 +/‐ 16.3$$$ postprandial 4 h = 103.2 +/‐ 21.3, 6 h = 105.2 +/‐ 21.8, 8 h = 106.0 +/‐ 21.4$$$ for the controls: fasting value = 96.8 +/‐ 17.2$$$ postprandial 8 h = 107.7 +/‐ 22.0. In the IHD group, unlike in controls, postprandial lipemia was accompanied by a statistically significant rise in fibrinogen levels (Fb‐g/l) as compared with fasting (fasting value = 3.69 +/‐ 0.59$$$ postprandial 2 h = 3.89 +/‐ 0.65, 4 h = 3.93 +/‐ 0.63). Mean values for PAI‐1 were lower in the IHD than in the control group, but PAI‐1 activity during postprandial lipemia rose earlier in the IHD group (4 and 6 h) than in the controls (6 h). PAI‐1 levels were in the IHD: fasting values = 1.4 +/‐ 1.2$$$ postprandial 4 h = 2.3 +/‐ 1.6, 6 h = 2.5 +/‐ 1.7$$$ in the control: fasting value 2.9 +/‐ 1.7$$$ postprandial 6 h = 3.9 +/‐ 2.0. The level of fragment 1 + 2 (F1 + 2) during postprandial lipemia decreased in both groups. CONCLUSIONS: The lipemic stimulus in fasting normolipemics induces a hypercoagulant effect with greater changes in patients with ischemic heart disease than in healthy subjects. Longer periods of postprandial lipemia might constitute an additional factor promoting thrombus formation in patients with dysfunction of the vascular endothelium.
Dose-dependent lowering of blood pressure by dairy peptides in mildly hypertensive subjects$$$ Clinical studies have demonstrated a beneficial effect on blood pressure for milk derived material containing isoleucyl‐prolyl‐proline (IPP) and valine‐prolyl‐proline (VPP) peptides. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the blood pressure lowering effect of three different IPP and VPP doses in products with a comparable electrolyte and protein composition. The present study was designed as a randomized, double‐blind, parallel‐group, dose‐response trial: 166 subjects (>140/90 mmHg) received placebo during a 2‐week run‐in, 8‐weeks intervention followed by a 2‐week washout. Results indicate that materials containing IPP and VPP do lower blood pressure dose‐dependently (p < 0.05 for diastolic blood pressure, DBP). The effect on systolic blood pressure (SBP)/DBP over 8 weeks compared with placebo was + 0.1/‐ 1.3, ‐ 1.5/‐ 1.4 and ‐ 2.5/‐ 1.9 mmHg for the low, medium and high dose of peptides, respectively. The percentages of subjects who showed a fall in SBP > 3 mmHg or who attained an SBP below 140 mmHg, were 54% (placebo), 64% (low), 76% (medium) and 71% (high dose) respectively. This effect can only be demonstrated for office pressure and not for home or ambulatory pressure. Furthermore, the results suggest that the magnitude of the fall in blood pressure is a function of baseline blood pressure. We conclude that IPP and VPP may have a modest dose‐dependent effect on office blood pressure in mildly hypertensive subjects although this could not be confirmed with ambulatory or home blood pressure measurements.
Effect of fermented milk containing Lactobacillus acidophilus and Bifidobacterium longum on plasma lipids of women with normal or moderately elevated cholesterol$$$ This study aimed to evaluate the effect of milk fermented with Lactobacillus acidophilus 145 and Bifidobacterium longum BB536 on plasma lipids in a sample of adult women. A double‐blind, placebo controlled, cross‐over study (two periods of four weeks each separated by a 1‐week washout period) was performed in 34 women, aged between 18 and 65 years. Group A consumed 125 g fermented milk three times a day for the first 4 weeks while group B consumed regular yoghurt under the same conditions. (Groups A and B switched products for the second treatment period). Women taking the test product with a baseline total cholesterol above 190 mg/dl showed a significant reduction in LDL cholesterol. HDL cholesterol was also reduced by the test product. We conclude that the fermented milk may help to reduce LDL levels in hypercholesterolemic adult women.
Full liquid diet vs clear liquid diet for colonoscopy preparation: preliminary results$$$ Purpose: Colonoscopy is used as a part of health maintenance for disease prevention, surveillance and diagnosis. In order to facilitate a thorough exam the colon needs to be adequately prepared with diet and laxatives. The currently accepted diet for colonoscopy is a clear liquid diet on the day prior to procedure. Several studies have examined the effect of liberalizing the diet to include low‐residue and fiber���free regimens. The aim of this study is to compare a full liquid diet to a clear liquid diet in preparation for colonoscopy, as it relates to bowel cleanliness, polyp detection rates, and patient satisfaction. Methods: This is a single center, prospective, randomized, single‐blinded study. Patients undergoing a colonoscopy were randomized to receive a full liquid diet (including milk, milkshake, ice cream, pudding, yogurt, vegetable/fruit juice, cream, broth, and creamed soup) or a standard clear liquid diet. All patients were given a 2 L MoviPrep® laxative preparation (Salix Pharmaceuticals). The quality of the preparation was assessed using the Ottawa bowel preparation scale, by a blinded endoscopist. Patient satisfaction was evaluated using a five‐point Likert scale. Thirty four patients (18 men, 16 women$$$ mean age 53, range 29‐75) were included in the analysis. Nineteen patients were in the clear liquid and 15 were in the full liquid diet group (1 patient in the clear and 5 patients in the full liquid diet group did not undergo their colonoscopy). The patients in the clear liquid group were similar to the full liquid patients, with regard to number of comorbidities (i.e., Diabetes and Hypertension) and history of abdominal surgery. Indications for colonoscopy (diagnostic vs screening) were similar in the two groups. All patients, except one in the clear diet group completed their laxative preparation. Results: Adequacy of bowel cleansing did not differ between the clear (14/19 satisfactory$$$ 5/19 unsatisfactory) and full (8/15 satisfactory$$$ 7/15 unsatisfactory) liquid regimens (p=0.22). Cecal intubation was successful in all but one patient in the full liquid group. The number of patients with detected polyps did not differ between the full (8/15) and clear (6/19) groups (p=0.20). The average time to cecum was 14 minutes (range 5‐35) in the clear group and 11.5 minutes (range 2‐40) in the full liquid group. The average time to completion of the colonoscopy was 27 minutes in both groups. Conclusion: Our study demonstrates that a full liquid diet does not worsen bowel preparation, decrease the ability to detect polyps, or increase total colonoscopy time, when compared with a clear liquid diet. Patient's overall satisfaction scores were similar for full and clear liquid diets.
Effect of probiotic yogurt consumption on glycemic control and lipid profile in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background & aims: Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a common endocrine disease. Altered gut microbiota (Dysbiosis) is closely associated with development of T2DM. Growing body of evidence hypothesized that probiotics intake may be useful for patients with T2DM. We investigated the effect of probiotic yogurt consumption on glycemic control and lipid profile in patients with T2DM. Methods: In this 12‐week randomized controlled clinical trial, seventy‐two patients with T2DM were randomly assigned to the intervention group (IG) that received 200 g/d probiotic yogurt containing 4.65 × 106 CFU/g Lactobacillus acidophilus and Bifidobacterium lactis) or placebo group (PG) that received 200 g/d conventional yogurt. Results: We found no difference between two groups in fasting plasma glucose (FPG), hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), high density lipoprotein‐cholesterol (HDL‐c) and low density lipoprotein‐cholesterol (LDL‐c) after intervention. After adjusting for baseline values of covariate, a significant reduction in HbA1c (mean change: −0.76 ± 1.3 vs. −0.15 ± 1.3$$$ P = 0.01), TC (mean change: −10.61 ± 27.8 vs. −2.97 ± 35.0$$$ P = 0.02) and LDL‐c (mean change: −8.62 ± 21.7 vs. 0.02 ± 25.8$$$ P = 0.004) was observed in the IG compared to the PG. In addition, a non‐significant trend to reduction was observed in term of FPG (mean change: −19.61 ± 29.1 vs. −4.19 ± 24.2$$$ P = 0.13). TG and HDL‐c remained unchanged. Conclusions: Probiotic yogurt consumption may be useful for patients with T2DM. More well‐designed clinical trials with longer intervention duration are required. Registered on 30 July 2022 at Iranian Registry of Clinical Trials (IRCT20220226054125N1) with URL: https://www.irct.ir/trial/62304.
Effect of pharmacist-led patient education on glycemic control of type 2 diabetics: a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: This study was conducted to evaluate the effect of a clinical pharmacist‐led patient education program for type 2 diabetic patients at Isfahan Endocrine & Metabolism Research Center (IEMRC) from April 2008 to January 2009. METHODS: In a randomized controlled clinical trial, a total of 172 patients with uncontrolled type 2 diabetes were selected and randomly allocated into control and intervention groups. After taking informed written consent, the intervention group received an educational program about oral anti‐hyperglycemic medications, adherence, diabetes dairy log and pill box usage. Patient's glycemic control in the intervention group was followed for three months through either telephone or face to face interviews with the pharmacist. Fasting blood glucose and HbA1c were measured at the start and end of the pharmacist‐led drug education program for both intervention and control groups. RESULTS: After a three months follow‐up, mean fasting blood glucose and HbA1c of the patients in the intervention group decreased significantly compared to control group (p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: This study demonstrates an improvement in diabetes management of type 2 diabetics by involving a pharmacist in the multidisciplinary teams in the outpatient clinics. The results suggest the benefits of adding adherence education to the diabetic education programs.
Effect of pharmacist-led patient education on glycemic control of type 2 diabetics: a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: This study was conducted to evaluate the effect of a clinical pharmacist‐led patient education program for type 2 diabetic patients at Isfahan Endocrine & Metabolism Research Center (IEMRC) from April 2008 to January 2009. METHODS: In a randomized controlled clinical trial, a total of 172 patients with uncontrolled type 2 diabetes were selected and randomly allocated into control and intervention groups. After taking informed written consent, the intervention group received an educational program about oral anti‐hyperglycemic medications, adherence, diabetes dairy log and pill box usage. Patient's glycemic control in the intervention group was followed for three months through either telephone or face to face interviews with the pharmacist. Fasting blood glucose and HbA1c were measured at the start and end of the pharmacistled drug education program for both intervention and control groups. RESULTS: After a three months follow‐up, mean fasting blood glucose and HbA1c of the patients in the intervention group decreased significantly compared to control group (p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: This study demonstrates an improvement in diabetes management of type 2 diabetics by involving a pharmacist in the multidisciplinary teams in the outpatient clinics. The results suggest the benefits of adding adherence education to the diabetic education programs.
The effect of improving dietary quality on measures of vascular structure and function in a well-controlled population with diabetes$$$ Objective: The aim was to determine if increasing fruit (+1 serve$$$ 150 g/day), vegetable (+2 serves$$$ 150 g/day) and dairy (+1 serve$$$ 200‐250 g/day) intake slows carotid intima media thickness (cIMT) progression, compared to a control group continuing on their usual diet, in people with type 1 and type 2 diabetes after 12 months. Secondary outcome measures were peripheral and central blood pressure, augmentation index (AI) and pulse wave velocity (PWV). Design and method: A 12 month randomized controlled trial was conducted. The primary outcome was mean cIMT, measured at baseline and 12 months using B mode ultrasound. Secondary outcomes were peripheral and central blood pressure, AI and PWV, measured at baseline, 3, 6, 9 and 12 months. Participants in the intervention group received dietary counselling from a dietitian at baseline, 1, 3, 6, 9 and 12 months and compliance was measured using a food frequency questionnaire administered at baseline, 3 and 12 months. Data were analysed using mixed effect modelling. Results: Ninety‐ five participants completed the study. At baseline mean HbA1c was 7.2±1.4% and blood pressure (127/71mmHg), total (3.5±0.9mmol/L) and LDL cholesterol (1.7±0.7mmol/L) were within the recommendations as defined by the 2013 ESC/EASD guidelines and approximately 60% of the cohort was taking an anti‐hypertensive or lipid lowering medication. Vegetable (59 g$$$ 95% CI 25, 94 g$$$ p=0.001) and fruit (197 g$$$ 95% CI 130, 264 g$$$ p=0.0001) intake were increased at 3 months in the intervention group, compared to the control group. This increase was not maintained at 12 months but intake increased overall in the cohort (fruit 53 g/day$$$ vegetables 17 g/day$$$ p<0.01). An increase in dairy consumption was not achieved but yogurt intake was higher in the intervention group at 3 months (36 g$$$ 95% CI 6, 66 g$$$ p=0.02)$$$ this was not maintained at 12 months. At 12 months cIMT regressed (‐0.01±0.04 mm$$$ p<0.001) with a greater effect in the treatment group (‐0.02±0.04mm vs. ‐0.005±0.04 mm$$$ p=0.045). Baseline HbA1c was an independent predictor of cIMT change. There was no time by treatment effect for peripheral and central blood pressure, AI or PWV. Conclusions: Improving dietary quality in well‐controlled people with diabetes may slow cIMT progression.
Development of a food-exchange model to replace saturated fat with MUFAs and n-6 PUFAs in adults at moderate cardiovascular risk$$$ The recommendation to reduce saturated fatty acid (SFA) consumption to ≤10% of total energy (%TE) is a key public health target aimed at lowering cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. Replacement of SFA with unsaturated fats may provide greater benefit than replacement with carbohydrates, yet the optimal type of fat is unclear. The aim of the DIVAS (Dietary Intervention and Vascular Function) study was to develop a flexible food‐exchange model to investigate the effects of substituting SFAs with monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs) or n‐6 (ω‐6) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) on CVD risk factors. In this parallel study, UK adults aged 21‐60 y with moderate CVD risk (50% greater than the population mean) were identified using a risk assessment tool (n = 195$$$ 56% females). Three 16‐wk isoenergetic diets of specific fatty acid (FA) composition (%TE SFA:%TE MUFA:%TE n‐6 PUFA) were designed using spreads, oils, dairy products, and snacks as follows: 1) SFA‐rich diet (17:11:4$$$ n = 65)$$$ 2) MUFA‐rich diet (9:19:4$$$ n = 64)$$$ and 3) n‐6 PUFA‐rich diet (9:13:10$$$ n = 66). Each diet provided 36%TE total fat. Dietary targets were broadly met for all intervention groups, reaching 17.6 ± 0.4%TE SFA, 18.5 ± 0.3%TE MUFA, and 10.4 ± 0.3%TE n‐6 PUFA in the respective diets, with significant overall diet effects for the changes in SFAs, MUFAs, and n‐6 PUFAs between groups (P < 0.001). There were no differences in the changes of total fat, protein, carbohydrate, and alcohol intake or anthropometric measures between groups. Plasma phospholipid FA composition showed changes from baseline in the proportions of total SFAs, MUFAs, and n‐6 PUFAs for each diet group, with the changes in SFAs and MUFAs differing between the groups (P < 0.001). In conclusion, successful implementation of the food‐exchange model broadly achieved the dietary target intakes for the exchange of SFAs with MUFAs or n‐6 PUFAs with minimal disruption to the overall diet in a free‐living population. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01478958.
Medium-chain fatty acids lower postprandial lipemia: a randomized crossover trial$$$ Epidemiological and interventional studies have linked saturated fatty acids (SFA) with elevated levels of low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL‐C) and increased CVD risk. However, the effects of the SFA chain length on postprandial lipemia in humans are not well elucidated. The aim of this study was to investigate the impact of short, medium and long‐chain SFA on postprandial blood lipids in healthy volunteers. Sixteen healthy volunteers consumed test biscuits containing 40 g of either butter (BB), coconut oil (CB) or lard (LB) in a single‐blinded, randomized crossover design. Blood samples were collected fasting and 2, 3, 4, and 6 hours postprandially and assessed for blood lipids (total cholesterol, TC$$$ high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol, HDL‐C$$$ LDL‐C and triglyceride, TG). The postprandial TG response following CB was 59.8% lower than following BB (p < 0.01) and 58.8% lower than LB (p < 0.01), although no difference was observed between the BB and the LB responses. The net area under the LDL‐C concentration curve was significantly larger after consumption of the CB compared to the BB, despite no significant differences in postprandial net area under the TC and HDL‐C concentration curves. Consumption of medium‐chain SFA as CB resulted in lower postprandial TG excursions compared to short‐chain SFA as BB and long‐chain SFA as LB, despite their identical fat and caloric content. These results suggest that SFA differ in their potential to elevate postprandial lipid levels, and that coconut oil, a rich source of medium‐chain SFA may not be as hyperlipidemic as animal fats rich in long chain SFA. Anzctr identifier: 12617000903381. Clinical trial registry number: The study was registered with the Australia New Zealand Trial registry as ACTRN12617000903381.
Correction: sartorius et al. "Postprandial Effects of a Proprietary Milk Protein Hydrolysate Containing Bioactive Peptides in Prediabetic Subjects" Nutrients 2019, 11, 1700$$$ Milk proteins have been hypothesized to protect against type 2 diabetes (T2DM) by beneficially modulating glycemic response, predominantly in the postprandial status. This potential is, amongst others, attributed to the high content of whey proteins, which are commonly a product of cheese production. However, native whey has received substantial attention due to its higher leucine content, and its postprandial glycemic effect has not been assessed thus far in prediabetes. In the present study, the impact of a milk protein hydrolysate of native whey origin with alpha‐glucosidase inhibiting properties was determined in prediabetics in a randomized, cross‐over trial. Subjects received a single dose of placebo or low‐or high‐dosed milk protein hydrolysate prior to a challenge meal high in carbohydrates. Concentration–time curves of glucose and insulin were assessed. Incremental areas under the curve (iAUC) of glucose as the primary outcome were significantly reduced by low‐dosed milk peptides compared to placebo (p = 0.0472), and a minor insulinotropic effect was seen. A longer intervention period with the low‐dosed product did not strengthen glucose response but significantly reduced HbA1c values (p = 0.0244). In conclusion, the current milk protein hydrolysate of native whey origin has the potential to modulate postprandial hyperglycemia and hence may contribute in reducing the future risk of developing T2DM.
Effects of vitamin D-fortified low fat yogurt on glycemic status, anthropometric indexes, inflammation, and bone turnover in diabetic postmenopausal women: a randomised controlled clinical trial$$$ BACKGROUND & AIMS: Low levels of serum 25‐hydroxy vitamin D (25(OH)D) are common in type 2 diabetic patients and cause several complications particularly, in postmenopausal women due to their senile and physiological conditions. This study aimed to assess the effects of vitamin D‐fortified low fat yogurt on glycemic status, anthropometric indexes, inflammation, and bone turnover in diabetic postmenopausal women. METHODS: In a randomized, placebo‐controlled, double‐blind parallel‐group clinical trial, 59 postmenopausal women with type 2 diabetes received fortified yogurt (FY$$$ 2000 IU vitamin D in 100 g/day) or plain yogurt (PY) for 12 weeks. Glycemic markers, anthropometric indexes, inflammatory, and bone turnover markers were assessed at baseline and after 12 weeks. RESULTS: After intervention, in FY group (vs PY group), were observed: significant increase in serum 25(OH)D and decrease of PTH (stable values in PY)$$$ significant improvement in serum fasting insulin, HOMA‐IR, HOMA‐B, QUICKI, and no changes in serum fasting glucose and HbA1c (significant worsening of all indexes in PY)$$$ significant improvement in WC, WHR, FM, and no change in weight and BMI (stable values in PY)$$$ significant increase of omentin (stable in PY) and decrease of sNTX (significant increase in PY). Final values of glycemic markers (except HbA1c), omentin, and bone turnover markers significantly improved in FY group compared to PY group. Regarding final values of serum 25(OH)D in FY group, subjects were classified in insufficient and sufficient categories. Glycemic status improved more significantly in the insufficient rather than sufficient category$$$ whereas the other parameters had more amelioration in the sufficient category. CONCLUSIONS: Daily consumption of 2000 IU vitamin D‐fortified yogurt for 12 weeks improved glycemic markers (except HbA1c), anthropometric indexes, inflammation, and bone turnover markers in postmenopausal women with type 2 diabetes. TRIAL REGISTRATION: www.irct.ir (IRCT2013110515294N1).
Beverage Intake, Diabetes, and Glucose Control of Adults in America$$$ PURPOSE: Beverages are important components of diet and a route for the intake of caffeine, ethanol, and other bioactive substances. The aim of the study is to examine the association between type of beverages consumed and glucose control in American adults with and without diabetes. METHODS: Diabetes status, glycosylated hemoglobin (hemoglobin A1c [HbA1c]) level, and 1‐month recall food frequency questionnaires were all collected in the Third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (1988 to 1994), based on a nationally representative sample of the noninstitutionalized civilian US population. We used regression and other methods for clustered data to examine the association of HbA1c levels with self‐reported intake of carbonated drinks, alcohol, coffee, tea, juices, and milk in participants aged 18 to 75 years with and without diabetes. RESULTS: Adults with diabetes reported drinking half the amount of alcohol as adults without diabetes. Compared with nondrinkers, subjects who had 30 or more drinks per month of alcohol had mean HbA1c levels 1.2 units less (p < 0.001) in persons with diabetes and 0.2% less (p < 0.001) in persons without diabetes. Adults with diabetes reported drinking three times as much diet soda as adults without diabetes. However, in adults with diabetes who had one or more drinks of diet soda per day, HbA1c level was 0.7 units greater (p < 0.001) compared with those who drank none. CONCLUSIONS: Alcohol consumption, at least in moderate amounts, correlates with better glucose control. There is a correlation between drinking diet soda and glucose control in adults with diabetes.
TOPical Imiquimod treatment of residual or recurrent cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (TOPIC-2 trial): a study protocol for a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Cervical dysplasia (cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN)) is caused by Human Papillomavirus (HPV) and is most common in women of reproductive age. Current treatment of moderate to severe CIN is surgical. This procedure has potential complications, such as haemorrhage, infection and preterm birth in subsequent pregnancies. Moreover, 15% of women treated for high grade CIN develop residual/recurrent CIN or cervical cancer after surgical excision. Finally, 75‐100% of patients with a residual and recurrent CIN 2‐3 lesion are still HPV positive. They could possibly benefit from an alternative medical treatment, which aims to eliminate HPV. The primary study objective is to evaluate the effectivity of imiquimod 5% cream compared to treatment with Large Loop Excision of the Transformation Zone (LLETZ) for recurrent/residual CIN. METHODS/DESIGN: This study is a multicentre, non‐inferiority randomized single blinded study. The study population consists of female patients with histological proven residual/recurrent CIN after previous surgical treatment. Four hundred thirty‐three patients will be included in the Netherlands. The first 35 patients will be included in a pilot study to prove non‐futility. Included patients will be randomized to receive either 5% imiquimod cream or LLETZ treatment. Imiquimod will be inserted three times a week intravaginally for a period of 16 weeks using a vaginal applicator. Ten weeks after the end of imiquimod treatment a biopsy will be taken for treatment response. In case of progressive or stable disease a LLETZ will be performed. At 12 and 24 months after the start of treatment cytology will be taken for follow up. The LLETZ group will be treated according to the current guidelines. Throughout the study, HPV typing and quality of life will be tested. DISCUSSION: Repeated LLETZ in women with residual/recurrent CIN lesions has complications. We would like to possibly offer alternative treatment in a selected group to avoid these risks. Moreover, we monitor treatment efficacy, side effects and long‐term recurrence rates. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Medical Ethical Committee approval number: NL 53792.078.15. Affiliation: Erasmus Medical Center. Registration number ClinicalTrials.gov : NCT02669459 , date of registration: 27th January 2016.
TOPical Imiquimod treatment of residual or recurrent cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (TOPIC-2 trial): a study protocol for a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Cervical dysplasia (cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN)) is caused by Human Papillomavirus (HPV) and is most common in women of reproductive age. Current treatment of moderate to severe CIN is surgical. This procedure has potential complications, such as haemorrhage, infection and preterm birth in subsequent pregnancies. Moreover, 15% of women treated for high grade CIN develop residual/recurrent CIN or cervical cancer after surgical excision. Finally, 75‐100% of patients with a residual and recurrent CIN 2‐3 lesion are still HPV positive. They could possibly benefit from an alternative medical treatment, which aims to eliminate HPV. The primary study objective is to evaluate the effectivity of imiquimod 5% cream compared to treatment with Large Loop Excision of the Transformation Zone (LLETZ) for recurrent/residual CIN. METHODS/DESIGN: This study is a multicentre, non‐inferiority randomized single blinded study. The study population consists of female patients with histological proven residual/recurrent CIN after previous surgical treatment. Four hundred thirty‐three patients will be included in the Netherlands. The first 35 patients will be included in a pilot study to prove non‐futility. Included patients will be randomized to receive either 5% imiquimod cream or LLETZ treatment. Imiquimod will be inserted three times a week intravaginally for a period of 16 weeks using a vaginal applicator. Ten weeks after the end of imiquimod treatment a biopsy will be taken for treatment response. In case of progressive or stable disease a LLETZ will be performed. At 12 and 24 months after the start of treatment cytology will be taken for follow up. The LLETZ group will be treated according to the current guidelines. Throughout the study, HPV typing and quality of life will be tested. DISCUSSION: Repeated LLETZ in women with residual/recurrent CIN lesions has complications. We would like to possibly offer alternative treatment in a selected group to avoid these risks. Moreover, we monitor treatment efficacy, side effects and long‐term recurrence rates. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Medical Ethical Committee approval number: NL 53792.078.15. Affiliation: Erasmus Medical Center. Registration number ClinicalTrials.gov : NCT02669459 , date of registration: 27th January 2016.
n-3 long-chain FA decrease serum levels of TG and remnant-like particle-cholesterol in humans$$$ A large number of papers have reported that administration of n‐3 FA reduced serum TG concentrations in hypertriglyceridemic patients. However, few studies have examined the effect of n‐3 FA on serum concentrations of remnant‐like particle (RLP) cholesterol. Volunteers (n = 41) whose serum TG concentrations were 100‐300 mg/dL were recruited and randomly assigned to either an n‐3 FA group or a control group with stratification by sex, age, and serum TG level in a double‐blind manner. The subjects in the n‐3 FA group were administered 125 mL of fermented soybean milk with fish oil containing 600 mg of EPA and 260 mg of DHA/d for 12 wk. The controls consumed control soybean milk with olive oil. Fasting blood samples were obtained before the start of administration and at 4, 8, and 12 wk. EPA concentrations in red blood cells increased significantly in all but one subject in the n‐3 FA group, with no significant changes in the control group. TG levels decreased more in the n‐3 FA group than in the control group at weeks 4 (P < 0.05), 8 (P < 0.01), and 12 (P < 0.05) with their baseline as covariate. RLP cholesterol levels decreased more in the n‐3 FA group than in the control at weeks 8 (P < 0.01) and 12 (P < 0.05) with their baseline as covariate. The groups did not differ in the other lipid levels. It is likely that n‐3 long‐chain FA may exert anti‐atherosclerotic effects by lowering serum TG and RLP‐cholesterol levels even at the dose of 860 mg/d.
Dairy consumption and cardiometabolic risk factors in patients with type 2 diabetes and overweight or obesity during intensive multidisciplinary weight management: a prospective observational study$$$ Dairy products are integral parts of healthy diets$$$ however, their association with cardiometabolic (CM) health among patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D) undergoing weight management is debated. We examined the relationship between dairy consumption and CM biomarkers in 45 subjects with T2D and obesity (mean age 56 ± 9 yrs, 40% female) enrolled in a 12‐week intensive multidisciplinary weight management (IMWM) program. After the IMWM program (intervention phase), subjects were followed for 12 weeks (maintenance phase). We stratified subjects based on initial average dairy consumption into infrequent (IFR), less‐frequent (LFR), and frequent (FR) consumers. Outcomes were assessed at baseline, 12, and 24 weeks. There were no differences between tertiles at baseline except for higher total energy intake among FR compared with IFR. HbA1c changes showed no association with dairy consumption at 12 or 24 weeks. FR Females achieved greater weight loss at 12 weeks compared with IFR peers (−4.5 kg$$$ 95%CI: −5.5, −3.5). There was a trend towards lower HDL‐C with increasing dairy consumption during the intervention phase. In subjects with T2D and overweight or obesity, dairy consumption during weight management is not associated with HbA1c changes but with lower HDL‐C and with higher magnitude of weight loss among females.
Differential Effects of Red Meat/Refined Grain Diet and Dairy/Chicken/Nuts/Whole Grain Diet on Glucose, Insulin and Triglyceride in a Randomized Crossover Study$$$ Epidemiological studies suggest that a diet high in processed meat, with a high glycemic index is associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes. It is not clear if this is due to altered insulin sensitivity or an enhanced postprandial glucose. We aimed to compare the acute metabolic response of two different types of meals after ingestion of the matching diet for four weeks. The study was a randomized, crossover acute meal study. Volunteers consumed either a red meat/refined grain meal or a dairy/chicken/nuts/wholegrain meal after four weeks of the matching diet. After a three‐week washout period and four weeks of the alternate diet, they consumed the matching meal. The diets differed with respect to both protein and carbohydrate sources. Blood samples were taken for 180 min for the measurement of glucose, insulin, C‐peptide and triglyceride. Fifty‐one participants (age: 35.1 ± 15.6 years$$$ body mass index: 27.7 ± 6.9 kg/m², 17 with normal and 34 with impaired glucose tolerance) completed two meal tests. The area under the curve (p < 0.001) and incremental area under the curve (p = 0.001) for insulin was significantly higher after the red meat/refined grain diet than after the dairy/chicken/nuts/whole grain diet. There was an interaction between meal and glucose tolerance group (p < 0.05) in the area under the curve (AUC) and the incremental area under the curve (iAUC) of glucose$$$ the red meat/refined grain diet increased glucose relative to the dairy/chicken/nuts/whole grain diet only in the normal group (+2.5 mmol/L/3 h). The red meat/refined grain diet increased glucose and insulin responses compared with the dairy/chicken/nuts/whole grain diet. This meal pattern would increase pancreatic stress long term and may account for the increased risk of type 2 diabetes with this diet.
Effects of Vitamin D3 Fortified Low-fat Dairy Products on Bone Density Measures in Adults with Abdominal Obesity: A Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Bone disease‐related fractures constitute a heavy burden on the healthcare systems and economy. Vitamin D is an important regulator of bone health and its deficiency is a global problem. This study aimed to evaluate the effect of the 1,500 IU nano‐encapsulated vitamin D used for fortifying low‐fat dairy products (milk and yogurt) on bone health parameters. METHODS: This parallel totally blinded, randomized controlled trial was part of the Ultraviolet Intake by Nutritional Approach study and conducted on 306 individuals with abdominal obesity. Individuals were randomly assigned to four groups, including fortified low‐fat milk (1,500 IU nano‐encapsulated vitamin D3 per 200 g/d), non‐fortified low‐fat milk, fortified low‐fat yogurt (1,500 IU nano‐encapsulated vitamin D3 per 150 g/d), and non‐fortified low‐fat yogurt, for 10 weeks between January and March 2019. Bone mineral density (BMD) and trabecular bone score (TBS) were measured at the baseline and end of the trial. Trabecular bone score and BMD were defined as primary and secondary outcomes. RESULTS: There were no significant differences in TBS and BMD between the intervention and control groups at the end of the trial (P>0.05). CONCLUSION: This trial demonstrated no significant effect of nano‐encapsulated vitamin D fortified milk and yogurt on BMD and TBS. There remains a need for longer‐term trials regarding bone health outcomes to establish optimal doses of fortification.
High protein diet complements resin therapy of familial hypercholesterolemia$$$ The intermediate‐term effects on plasma lipoprotein lipids of substituting meat and dairy protein for carbohydrate in the diets of five subjects (three women, two men) with familial hypercholesterolemia receiving cholestyramine (mean dose, 18 g/d) were studied. Subjects were randomly allocated to either the high or low protein diets (mean 27 versus 10% of energy as protein, 25% as fat, and 48 versus 65% as carbohydrate) for 4 to 5 weeks and then switched to the other diet for another 4 to 5 weeks. Mean fasting plasma HDL cholesterol rose significantly by 17 +/‐ 3% (1.11 +/‐ 0.12 vs 0.95 +/‐ 0.11 mmol/L, p less than 0.005, n = 5), whereas total triglycerides fell by 23 +/‐ 2% (1.7 +/‐ 0.3 vs 2.2 +/‐ 0.3 mmol/L, p less than 0.005, n = 5), VLDL triglycerides fell by 28 +/‐ 5% (0.88 +/‐ 0.15 vs 1.18 +/‐ 0.19 mmol/L, p less than 0.02, n = 5), VLDL cholesterol fell by 32 +/‐ 7% (0.39 +/‐ 0.08 vs 0.56 +/‐ 0.09 mmol/L, p less than 0.01, n = 5), the ratio of LDL cholesterol: HDL cholesterol by 19 +/‐ 5% (4.7 +/‐ 0.7 vs 5.7 +/‐ 0.7, p less than 0.05) and that of total cholesterol: HDL cholesterol by 16 +/‐ 5% (6.6 +/‐ 0.5 vs 8.0 +/‐ 0.7, p less than 0.05) on the high versus low protein diet. Increasing dietary protein intake at the expense of carbohydrate may be useful in treating hypoalphalipoproteinemia and/or hypertriglyceridemia in patients with familial hypercholesterolemia.
Matrix structure of dairy products results in different postprandial lipid responses: a randomized crossover trial$$$ BACKGROUND: The dairy matrix may influence digestion and absorption of lipids and thereby risk of cardiovascular diseases (CVDs). However, few postprandial studies have compared dairy products that differed only in terms of their matrix. OBJECTIVES: We aimed to investigate acute 8‐h postprandial lipid, glycemic, and appetite responses after intake of isoenergetic dairy meals with different matrixes, but similar nutritional composition. METHODS: Twenty‐five normal‐weight men (18‐40 y old) were enrolled in a randomized controlled crossover trial. On 4 test days, a meal with 1 of 4 dairy products was served: cheddar cheese (Cheese), homogenized Cheese (Hom. Cheese), micellar casein isolate (MCI) with cream (MCI Drink), and a gel produced from the MCI Drink by addition of Glucono Delta‐Lactone (MCI Gel). The fat‐ and protein‐matched dairy products differed in terms of their casein network, fat droplet size, and/or texture. Blood biochemistry and appetite responses were collected. RESULTS: Eighteen participants completed the trial. Postprandial triglycerides (TGs) (primary outcome) increased by (mean���SEM) 0.24���0.07 and 0.19���0.07�mmol/L after MCI Gel compared with Cheese and Hom. Cheese, respectively (both P�?�0.05). Likewise, MCI Gel increased TG incremental AUC compared with Cheese and Hom. Cheese (both P�<�0.05), and peak compared with Cheese (P�<�0.05). ApoB‐48 (primary outcome) was unaffected by dairy matrix. For free fatty acids (FFAs), glucose, and insulin, time � meal interactions were observed (all P�<�0.001). During the first 2�h, FFAs were lower for Cheese than for MCI products, whereas the opposite was observed for glucose and insulin. CONCLUSIONS: Postprandial TG but not apoB‐48 response was higher after MCI Gel, indicating that the type of casein network influences lipid responses. This suggests that the dairy matrix may also affect risk factors for CVDs. Reducing fat droplet size (i.e., Hom. Cheese) did not affect blood biochemistry.This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT03656367.
Vinegar reduces postprandial hyperglycaemia in patients with type II diabetes when added to a high, but not to a low, glycaemic index meal$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Earlier studies have shown that the addition of vinegar in a carbohydrate‐rich meal lowers glucose and insulin response in healthy individuals. The mechanism of how this is accomplished, however, remains unclear. The aim of this study is to examine the effect of vinegar on glucose and insulin response in patients with type II diabetes (T2D) in relation to the type of carbohydrates consumed in a meal. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Sixteen patients with T2D were divided into two groups, matched for age, gender and HbA(1c). Patients in the first group (group A) were given a high‐glycaemic index (GI) meal (mashed potatoes and low‐fat milk) on two different days, with and without the addition of vinegar, respectively. In the second group (group B), patients were given an isocaloric meal with the same nutrient composition, but low GI (whole grain bread, lettuce and low‐fat cheese). Postprandial plasma glucose and insulin values were measured every 30 min for 2 h. RESULTS: In group A, the incremental area under the curve of glucose (GiAUC(120)) was lower after the addition of vinegar (181+/‐78 mmol min/l vs 311+/‐124 mmol min/l, P=0.04). The iAUC of insulin (IiAUC(120)) was also reduced, but the difference was of marginal statistical significance (2368+/‐1061 microU min/ml vs 3545+/‐2586 microU min/ml, P=0.056). In group B, the addition of vinegar did not affect either the GiAUC(120) (229+/‐38 mmol min/l vs 238+/‐25 mmol min/l, P=0.56) or the IiAUC(120) (2996+/‐1302 microU min/ml vs 3007+/‐1255 microU min/ml, P=0.98). CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that the addition of vinegar reduces postprandial glycaemia in patients with T2D only when it is added to a high‐GI meal.
A randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled study to evaluate the efficacy of imiquimod 5% in women with Vulvar Intraepithelial Neoplasia (VIN) 2 and 3$$$ INTERVENTION: After qualifying for study participation patients are randomly assigned to receive either 250mg of imiquimod 5% cream (Aldara, 3M Pharmaceuticals, St Paul, MN, USA) or 250mg of placebo cream. Dosing will take place twice a week in the evening for a period of 16 weeks. A clinical assessment will take place every four weeks during treatment, and four weeks after final treatment. To investigate long‐term effects and to exclude recurrence of VIN final assessments will take place after 7 and 12 months. A formalin fixed biopsy is taken for histological verification of VIN 2/3 within three months before the start of the study, together with a second biopsy from the same lesion frozen in liquid nitrogen for HPV DNA testing. At 20 weeks a post‐treatment biopsy is taken at exactly the same spot as the first biopsy to evaluate the histological effect, and again a frozen sample is taken for detection of HPV DNA. If a recurrence is suspected at 12 months a biopsy is taken again. In case of persistent or residual lesions after one year, the patient is offered treatment with imiquimod. CONDITION: VIN is a premalignant disease of the vulvar skin from which an invasive carcinoma may develop. It affects mainly young women, and causes severe and longlasting symptoms, such as pruritis, vulvar pain and sexual dysfunction. The disease is often multifocal on the vulva, and strongly related to infection with HPV. Standard therapy nowadays comprises surgical removal of all visible lesions. However, recurrence rates are high. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Reduction in lesion size. SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1. Histological regression$$$ $$$ 2. clearance of HPV$$$ $$$ 3. relief of clinical symptoms$$$ $$$ 4. improvement of quality of life. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Histologically proven, multifocal VIN 2 or 3 without invasion$$$ 2. age of 18 and older$$$ 3. reliable method of contraception throughout the study.
Antioxidative probiotic fermented goats' milk decreases oxidative stress-mediated atherogenicity in human subjects$$$ The increasing interest in a healthy diet is stimulating innovative development of novel scientific products in the food industry. The viable lactic acid bacteria in fermented milk products, such as yoghurt, have been associated with increased lactose tolerance, a well‐balanced intestinal microflora, antimicrobial activity, stimulation of the immune system and antitumoural, anticholesterolaemic and antioxidative properties in human subjects. Recently, we have studied a human Lactobacillus spp. strain that possesses antioxidative activity. The aim of the present pilot study was to develop goats' milk fermented with the human antioxidative lactobacilli strain, Lactobacillus fermentum ME‐3, and to test the effect of the fermented probiotic goats' milk on oxidative stress markers (including markers for atherosclerosis) in human blood and urine and on the gut microflora. Twenty‐one healthy subjects were assigned to two treatment groups: goats' milk group and fermented goats' milk group (150 g/d) for a period of 21 d. Consumption of fermented goats' milk improved anti‐atherogenicity in healthy subjects: it prolonged resistance of the lipoprotein fraction to oxidation, lowered levels of peroxidized lipoproteins, oxidized LDL, 8‐isoprostanes and glutathione redox ratio, and enhanced total antioxidative activity. The consumption of fermented goats' milk also altered both the prevalence and proportion of lactic acid bacteria species in the gut microflora of the subjects. We conclude that the goats' milk fermented with our special antioxidative lactobacilli strain Lactobacillus fermentum ME‐3 exhibits anti‐atherogenic effects.
Antitoxic and antioxidant study of Ajeya ghee on pesticide induced food pollution$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Oral intake of medicated ghrita : Ajeya ghrita(s.s.k.s.2/47‐49) 24gm given with luke warm water in two devided dose before meals per day Duration‐ 30 days Control Intervention1: Oral intake of medicated ghrita: Panchatikta ghrita(B.R.kustha rogadhikar 114/117) 24gm given with luke warm water in divided dose before meals per day for a duration of 30days CONDITION: Patients suffering from Dushi visha symptoms PRIMARY OUTCOME: Work is yet to be started‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Nil SECONDARY OUTCOME: Work is yet to be started‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Nil INCLUSION CRITERIA: Recurrent jwara(Fever), recurrent anorexia(Indigestion), recurrent weakness,recurrent chardi(vomitting), recurrent trishna(thirst), recurrent kasha(cough), recurrent kotha(skin allergies), recurrent Atisara(Diarroea)/Abdominal crams/Burning sensation of abdomen, Irritation/Watering of eyes/ visual disturbances, premature ageing(wrinkling of skin, greying of hair and loss of hair), Smritinasha(Loss of memory), Recurrent pain in chest/ palpitation/ fast heart rate), primary stage of cancer, pesticide distributers, pesticide manufacturer and spreyers, Farmers and their families
Effects of vitamin D3-fortified low-fat yogurt and milk on serum cytokine levels and anti hsp-27 antibody titer in adults with abdominal obesity: a randomized clinical trial$$$ Purpose: The purpose of the current study was to evaluate the effects of nano‐encapsulated 25(OH)D fortified (1500 IU Nano‐encapsulated 25(OH)D dairy products on anti‐heat shock protein 27 antibody (anti‐Hsp27) titers, pro‐oxidant‐antioxidant balance (PAB) and cytokines concentration in adults with abdominal obesity. Materials and methods: This study was part of SUVINA project and designed as a randomized trial. Middle aged adults (n = 306) recruited among students and staff of Mashhad University of Medical Sciences [Iran]. Subjects were randomly assorted into four groups: a low‐fat yogurt fortified with 1500 IU 25(OH)D (n = 76), and unfortified yogurt (n = 77), a low‐fat milk fortified with 1500 IU 25(OH)D (n = 76), and unfortified milk (n = 77) were followed up for 10 weeks. A total of 289 subjects completed the study. Body mass index (BMI) and waist circumference were measured before and after the ten weeks of intervention. The following biochemical markers were determined: serum pro‐oxidant‐antioxidant balance (PAB), 25(OH) D, anti‐Hsp27 titers and cytokines concentration, at baseline and at the end of the study. Result: There was a significant difference between serum 25(OH)D concentration and PAB at baseline and the end of intervention with fortified milk and yogurt. After the intervention period, changes between groups of intervention group of both of the milk and yogurt and control group were statistically significant for serum 25(OH)D concentration (p < 0.001) and PAB (p < 0.05). In the group provide with fortified milk, waist circumference was decreased (−2.01 ± 3.85 cm, p < 0.05) and serum 25(OH)D concentration increased significantly (5.02 ± 4.07 ng/ml, p < 0.001). In the group taking the fortified yogurt, serum 25(OH)D status increased by 6.75 ± 3.42 ng/ml (p < 0.001) and PAB decreased by −21.85 ± 48.07 HK (p < 0.05). Our results did not show any significant differences in mean weight between the groups (p > 0.05). Conclusion: Our results showed that after the intervention with 25(OH)D fortified yogurt or milk in obese subjects, serum PAB concentrations decreased and serum 25(OH)D increased significantly. Therefore, fortification of low‐fat yogurt and milk with 25(OH)D may be effective in reducing the pro‐oxidant anti‐oxidant balance with effect thsat are greater than for unfortified dairy products.
Cream and sugar: human preferences for high-fat foods$$$ Sixteen normal‐weight subjects rated the perceived intensity of sweetness, fatness, and creaminess of 20 different mixtures of milk, cream, and sugar, and assigned an overall pleasantness (hedonic) rating to each sample. Intensity estimates increased as power functions of ingredient concentration and no significant mixture suppression effect was observed. In contrast, hedonic responses strongly depended on the relative proportions of sucrose and fat in the samples tasted. Hedonic preference ratings first rose and then declined with increasing sucrose concentration, but continued to rise with increasing dairy fat content. The addition of sucrose greatly enhanced hedonic ratings for high‐fat stimuli. Changes in hedonic responsiveness were monitored using a mathematical modelling technique known as the Response Surface Method, which allows computerized simulation of the hedonic response surface as a function of perceived ingredient levels. Overnight fasting did not affect the perception or hedonics for sweet or "fatty" tastes. The observed preference for sweetened high‐fat foods may have implications for the development of dietary‐induced obesity in man.
mini-MED: study protocol for a randomized, multi-intervention, semi-controlled feeding trial of a Mediterranean-amplified vs. habitual Western dietary pattern for the evaluation of food-specific compounds and cardiometabolic health$$$ Background: Diet is among the most influential lifestyle factors impacting chronic disease risk. Nutrimetabolomics, the application of metabolomics to nutrition research, allows for the detection of food‐specific compounds (FSCs) that can be used to connect dietary patterns, such as a Mediterranean‐style (MED) diet, to health. This validation study is based upon analyses from a controlled feeding MED intervention, where our team identified FSCs from eight foods that can be detected in biospecimens after consumption and may therefore serve as food intake biomarkers. Methods: Individuals with overweight/obesity who do not habitually consume a MED dietary pattern will complete a 16‐week randomized, multi‐intervention, semi‐controlled feeding study of isocaloric dietary interventions: (1) MED‐amplified dietary pattern, containing 500 kcal/day from eight MED target foods: avocado, basil, cherry, chickpea, oat, red bell pepper, walnut, and a protein source (alternating between salmon or unprocessed, lean beef), and (2) habitual/Western dietary pattern, containing 500 kcal/day from six non‐MED target foods: cheesecake, chocolate frozen yogurt, refined grain bread, sour cream, white potato, and unprocessed, lean beef. After a 2‐week washout, participants complete four, 4‐week intervention periods, with biospecimen sampling and outcome assessments at baseline and at intervention weeks 4, 8, 12, and 16. The primary outcome is change in the relative abundance of FSCs from the eight MED target foods in participant biospecimens from baseline to the end of each intervention period. Secondary outcomes include mean change in cardiometabolic health indicators, inflammatory markers, and adipokines. Exploratory outcomes include change in diversity and community composition of the gut microbiota. Discussion: Our stepwise strategy, beginning with identification of FSCs in whole diets and biospecimens, followed by relating these to health indicators will lead to improved methodology for assessment of dietary patterns and a better understanding of the relationship between food and health. This study will serve as a first step toward validating candidate food intake biomarkers and allow for assessment of relationships with cardiometabolic health. The identification of food intake biomarkers is critical to future research and has implications spanning health promotion and disease prevention for many chronic conditions. Trial registration: Registered at ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT05500976 $$$ Date of registration: August 15, 2022.
Effect of dairy consumption and its fat content on glycemic control and cardiovascular risk factors in patients with type 2 diabetes-a randomized controlled study$$$ The 2015 Dietary Guidelines for Americans recommend daily consumption of 3 servings of low or non‐fat dairy. However, the effects of dairy consumption and its fat content on glycemic control and cardiovascular risk factors in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D) are unknown. This study was designed to evaluate the impact of higher consumption of full‐fat and low/non‐fat dairy on HbA1c, lipid profile and blood pressure (BP) in patients with T2D. We enrolled 72 participants with uncontrolled T2D (mean age 59±8 years, 46% females) who were consuming <3 servings of dairy/day and randomized them into 3 groups. Group A was asked to incorporate ≥3 daily servings of full‐fat dairy and group B to incorporate ≥3 daily servings of low/ non‐fat dairy into their diet. Group C was asked to maintain the baseline dairy intake. Participants were counseled by a registered dietitian about maintaining their daily caloric intake and body weight. They were asked to maintain their usual doses of diabetes, antihypertensive and hypolipidemic medications. Participants were evaluated at baseline, 3 and 6 months. At baseline, mean T2D duration was 14±8 years, HbA1c 8.1±1.0%, body weight 92±17 kg, daily caloric intake 1885±600 kcal (43.4±7.0% carbohydrates, 37.8±5.5% fat, 13.0±2.8% saturated fat, and 18.1±3.6% protein), LDL‐C 80±26 mg/dL, HDL‐C 47±16 mg/dL, triglycerides 172±178 mg/ dL, systolic BP 129±16 mmHg and diastolic BP 72±8 mmHg. There were no differences between groups in any of these parameters at baseline. At 6 months, percent calories from saturated fat increased by 3.7±0.8% in group A (p<0.0001), and decreased by 4.4±1.7% in group B (p=0.014). There were no differences in HbA1c, body weight, total caloric intake or percent calories from carbohydrates, lipid parameters or BP between groups. This study shows that increasing consumption of dairy products to ≥3 servings/day, irrespective of fat content, has no effect on HbA1c, lipid profile or BP in patients with T2D.
Addition of a dairy fraction rich in milk fat globule membrane to a high-saturated fat meal reduces the postprandial insulinaemic and inflammatory response in overweight and obese adults$$$ Meals high in SFA, particularly palmitate, are associated with postprandial inflammation and insulin resistance. Milk fat globule membrane (MFGM) has anti‐inflammatory properties that may attenuate the negative effects of SFA‐rich meals. Our objective was to examine the postprandial metabolic and inflammatory response to a high‐fat meal composed of palm oil (PO) compared with PO with an added dairy fraction rich in MFGM (PO+MFGM) in overweight and obese men and women (n 36) in a randomised, double‐blinded, cross‐over trial. Participants consumed two isoenergetic high‐fat meals composed of a smoothie enriched with PO with v. without a cream‐derived complex milk lipid fraction (dairy fraction rich in MFGM) separated by a washout of 1–2 weeks. Serum cytokines, adhesion molecules, cortisol and markers of inflammation were measured at fasting, and at 1, 3 and 6 h postprandially. Glucose, insulin and lipid profiles were analysed in plasma. Consumption of the PO + MFGM v. PO meal resulted in lower total cholesterol (P = 0·021), LDL‐cholesterol (P = 0·046), soluble intracellular adhesion molecule (P = 0·005) and insulin (P = 0·005) incremental AUC, and increased IL‐10 (P = 0·013). Individuals with high baseline C‐reactive protein (CRP) concentrations (≥3 mg/l, n 17) had higher (P = 0·030) insulin at 1 h after the PO meal than individuals with CRP concentrations <3 mg/l (n 19). The addition of MFGM attenuated this difference between CRP groups. The addition of a dairy fraction rich in MFGM attenuated the negative effects of a high‐SFA meal by reducing postprandial cholesterol, inflammatory markers and insulin response in overweight and obese individuals, particularly in those with elevated CRP.
Effects of consuming dairy fat vs plant-based fat with and without milk fat globule membrane on postprandial inflammatory markers in overweight and obese adults$$$ Not all foods rich in SFA are equivalent and may vary in their effect on postprandial inflammation. Additionally, milk fat globule membrane (MFGM) is suggested to have anti‐inflammatory properties. To evaluate the effects of SFA from dairy (WC, whipping cream) vs. a plant source (P, palm oil) on postprandial inflammation markers with and without MFGM a randomized controlled 4‐way cross‐over trial was conducted. Overweight adults with 2 metabolic syndrome (MetS) traits or obese individuals consumed 4 isocaloric high‐fat meals separated by a 1‐2wk washout period. Serum was collected at 0, 1, 3, and 6hrs postprandially and analyzed for inflammatory markers (IL‐6, IL‐8, IL‐10, IL‐18, TNFα, CRP, SAA, sICAM, sVCAM) and metabolic markers (glucose, insulin, triglycerides, HDL‐C, and LDL‐C). Following all high‐fat mixed meals, postprandial TG concentrations rose steadily and peaked at 3hrs (p<0.005). There was a time effect for all markers, yet, no treatment effect was observed. Using incremental area under the curve sICAM, there was a treatment effect for P vs. P+MFGM (p=0.039). Using 3+ MetS traits as a covariate, insulin concentrations were lower at 1hr in response to WC+MFGM vs. P and WC (p=0.05 and p=0.01 respectively) and for P+MFGM vs. WC (p=0.04). In individuals with MetS the addition of MGFM dampened the postprandial insulin response. SFA from dairy does not trigger a greater inflammatory response than a plant SFA source.
The effect of daily intake of vitamin D-fortified yogurt drink, with and without added calcium, on serum adiponectin and sirtuins 1 and 6 in adult subjects with type 2 diabetes$$$ BACKGROUND: Some evidence suggests indirect ameliorating effects of vitamin D in diabetes via adiponectin and sirtuins. This study aimed to evaluate the effects of daily intake of vitamin D‐fortified yogurt drink, either with or without added calcium, on serum adiponectin, sirtuins (SIRT)1 and 6. METHODS: Briefly, 75 adults aged 30‐60 years from both sexes with type 2 diabetes were randomly allocated to one of the three groups: (i) D‐fortified‐yogurt drink (DY$$$ containing 1000 IU vitamin D and 300 mg calcium), (ii) Ca+D‐fortified‐yogurt drink (CDY$$$ containing 1000 IU vitamin D and 500 mg calcium) and (iii) plain yogurt drink (PY$$$ containing no detectable vitamin D and 300 mg calcium). All assessments were performed initially and after 12 weeks. RESULTS: A significant within‐group increment in serum adiponectin concentrations was observed in both DY and CDY groups (+60.4 ± 8.6, +57.5 ± 6.4 µg/L, respectively$$$ p < 0.001 for both). The concentrations of SIRT1 and SIRT6 had a significant within‐group increment only in the CDY group (p = 0.003, p = 0.001 respectively). Being in CDY group was more favorable predictor of improvement in SIRT6 concentrations. Changes of 25(OH)D were a significant predictor of changes of adiponectin. However, this association disappeared following adjustment for changes of SIRT1. In contrast, the association between changes of 25(OH)D and HbA1c remained significant even after adjustment for SIRT1. CONCLUSIONS: Daily consumption of vitamin D‐fortified yogurt drink for 12 weeks resulted in an increase in circulating concentrations of SIRT1 and SIRT6 in T2D subjects and D+Ca‐fortified yogurt drink was more in favor of SIRT6 increment.
A clinical study to study the drug Seenthil Sarkkarai on Neerizhivu$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Seenthil Sarkkarai: 30 mg/ Kg/BW/daily three times a day With Ghee Control Intervention1: Not applicable: Not applicable CONDITION: Iya Neerizhivu PRIMARY OUTCOME: The therapeutic efficacy of trial drug Seenthil Sarkkarai on IYA NEERIZHIVU‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 90 days SECONDARY OUTCOME: Evaluation of Siddha diagnostic parameters‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 90 days INCLUSION CRITERIA: Type 2 diabetes mellitus If yes in any of three FBS above 110 mg per dl and below and equal 250mg per dl or PPBS above 160 mg per dl and below and equal 350mg per dl HbA1c above 6.4 and below 10 Persistent cases of COPD as per the standard key indicators for assessment FEV1 between above 50 percentage and below 80 percentage of the predicted value Willing to give blood sample for the investigations Patients who are mono therapy alone
A low-fat dairy product enriched with plant sterols improves LDL cholesterol in both normal and overweight moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects$$$ Objective: To assess plasma lipids across insulin resistance and obesity status in subjects consuming a single plant sterol (PS)‐enriched low‐fat dairy product for 6 weeks. Design: A randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, multi‐center study in 168 (107 overweight/44 obese) subjects, divided into 2 groups (control and PS‐enriched). The PS‐enriched product contained 1.6 g PS per 80 mL serving. Results: Plasma LDL‐C was lower in the PS‐enriched vs. control group (‐5.9 ± 1.6%, P<0.001). Changes in TC paralleled those in LDL‐C with significant differences between the two groups. Plasma HDL‐C, triacylglycerol, apoB, apoA‐I and apoB/apoA‐I ratio did not change, and no serious adverse events related to the product were reported. Among subjects in the 3rd insulin tertile, the PS‐enriched product lowered LDL‐C by ‐9.0 ± 2.7% vs. control group (P<0.01). Also in overweight subjects (n=107), LDL‐C was lowered in the PS‐enriched vs. control group (‐7.3 ± 2.0%, P<0.001). Conclusion: A single supplementation of 1.6 g PS‐enriched low‐fat dairy product significantly lowered TC and LDL‐C. LDL‐C levels were significantly lower in the PS group among overweight subjects as well as among subjects with increased insulin resistance, suggesting that this product might be a valuable tool in subjects at increased risk for cardiovascular disease.
Effects of a dairy supplement and resistance training on lean mass and insulin-like growth factor in women$$$ PURPOSE: To examine the effect of yogurt supplementation pre‐ and postexercise on changes in body composition in overweight women engaged in a resistance‐training program. METHODS: Participants (age = 36.8 ± 4.8 yr) with a body‐mass index of 29.1 ± 2.1 kg/m2 were randomized to yogurt supplement (YOG$$$ n = 15) or isoenergetic sucrose beverage (CONT$$$ n = 14) consumed before and after exercise for 16 wk. Participants were also instructed to reduce energy intake daily (‐1,046 kJ) during the study. Body composition was assessed by dual‐energy X‐ray absorptiometry, waist circumference, and sagittal diameter. Strength was measured with 1‐repetition maximum. Dietary recalls were obtained by a multipass approach using Nutrition Data System software. Insulin‐like growth factor‐1 and insulin‐like growth‐factor‐binding protein‐3 were measured with ELISA. RESULTS: Significant weight losses of 2.6 ± 4.5 kg (YOG) and 1.2 ± 2.5 kg (CONT) were observed. Total lean weight increased significantly over time in both YOG (0.8 ± 1.2 kg) and CONT (1.1 ± 0.9 kg). Significant reductions in total fat (YOG = 3.4 ± 4.1 kg vs. CONT = 2.3 ± 2.4 kg) were observed over time. Waist circumference, sagittal diameter, and trunk fat decreased significantly over time without group differences. Both groups significantly decreased energy intake while maintaining protein intake. Strength significantly increased over time in both groups. No changes over time or between groups were observed in hormone levels. CONCLUSIONS: These data suggest that yogurt supplementation offered no added benefit for increasing lean mass when combined with resistance training and modest energy restriction.
Oleocanthal-Rich Olive Oil's Effect on Postprandial Platelet Activity and Oxidative Stress Markers of Type 2 Diabetic Patients$$$ Background/Synopsis: A common phenomenon observed in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is the postprandial dysmetabolism, which may act as a daily stressor of the already dysfunctional diabetic platelets. Objective/Purpose: This study aims to investigate whether oleocanthal‐rich olive oils (OO), incorporated into a carbohydrate‐rich meal, can affect postprandial dysmetabolism and platelet aggregation and oxidative stress markers. Oleocanthal is a cyclooxygenase inhibitor with putative antiplatelet properties Methods: In this randomized, single‐blinded, crossover study, 10 T2DM patients consumed five isocaloric meals containing 120 g white bread combined with: (i) 39 g butter, (ii) 39 g butter and 400 mg ibuprofen, (iii) 40 mL OO (phenolic content < 10 mg/Kg), (iv) 40 mL OO with 250 mg/Kg oleocanthal and (v) 40 mL OO with 500 mg/Kg oleocanthal. Glycemia markers and lipid profile was measured in serum pre and postprandially, while the ex vivo ADP‐ and TRAP‐induced platelet aggregation were also calculated. Moreover, TBARS were measured in plasma and red blood cells (RBC), protein carbonyls in plasma, while GPX3 activity was determined in plasma and GPX1 in RBC, pre‐ and post‐prandially. Results: The glycemic and lipidemic response was similar between meals. However, a sustained (90–240 min) dose‐dependent reduction in platelets’ sensitivity to both ADP (50–100%) and TRAP (20–50%) was observed after the oleocanthal meals in comparison to OO or butter meals. The antiplatelet effect of the OO containing 500 mg/Kg oleocanthal was comparable to that of the ibuprofen meal. OO meals induced an increase of TBARS measured in both plasma and RBC. The iAUC of TBARS in plasma was lower in oleocanthal enriched OO compared to OO. The kinetic activity of GPX3 after BU‐IBU consumption was similar with that of OO meals, while the iAUCs of OO meals were greater compared to BU. Regarding GPX1, the kinetic activity was similar after all meals, showing a postprandial increase till t=120min. Conclusions: In conclusion, the consumption of meals containing oleocanthal‐rich OO can reduce platelet activity during the postprandial period, irrespective of postprandial hyperglycemia and lipidemia. Oleocanthal also seems to assign antioxidant properties to OO.
Dairy products and breast cancer risk: a review of the literature$$$ BACKGROUND: Dietary elements and, in particular, dairy products have been implicated in the etiology of breast cancer. High saturated fat contents, contaminants such as pesticides, and insulin‐like growth factor I (IGF‐1) have been hypothesized as possible carcinogenic factors. In contrast, calcium, vitamin D, and conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) all are considered to reduce breast cancer risk. We aim to review the current epidemiological literature on the relationship between the intake of dairy products and breast cancer risk. METHODS: A Medline search was conducted using the key words breast neoplasms and dairy products. Further articles were obtained by cross‐matching references of relevant articles. Thirty‐nine case‐control and 11 cohort studies were identified since 1981. Two meta‐analyses and several review articles were also noted. RESULTS: Results from previous studies were analyzed and comparisons were made between each type of study. Controversy exists regarding this subject and we found conflicting evidence in recent literature regarding this hypothesis. CONCLUSION: There is no substantial epidemiological evidence to support a significant link between the intake of dairy products and breast cancer risk.
Clinical Trial to Test Anti-Obesity effect of JINIS JBD301 on Humans$$$ INTERVENTION: Dietary Supplement : Lactobacillus JBD301 was provided in capsules. Subjects consumed a JBD301 capsule or a control capsule every day for 12 weeks. Two types of capsules were prepared: a capsule containing 450mg of Lactobacillus JBD301 and a control capsule containing 450 mg of Vegetable cream. Both JBD301 and control capsules contain same amount of excipients:skim milk powder and sugar, etc. CONDITION: Not Applicable PRIMARY OUTCOME: Blood lipid profile: TG, TC, LDL‐C, HDL‐C, free fatty acid Body Weight, BMI Glucose: fasting blood glucose, blood insulin, HbA1c Total abdomenal fat (CT) value Total abdomenal fat (CT) variation SECONDARY OUTCOME: Abnormal reaction, Vital signs(blood pressure, Pulse), Laboratory tests(complete blood and urine tests) INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) Written informed consent 2) Men and women between 20‐65 years of age 3) Body mass index between 25 35kg/m2
Methods of diagnosis and treatment of asymptomatic bacteriuria in postmenopausal women suffering from type 2 diabetes mellitus$$$ We studied prophylactic potential of local use of estriol in respect of urinary infections (UI) in postmenopausal women with asymptomatic bacteriuria (AB) suffering from type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM). A two‐stage trial has been conducted. Stage one (a prospective study) was made to detect AB in DM women with AB. Of 414 female examinees AB was detected in 87 women. At stage two these women were randomized into two groups: group 1 received 0.5 mg estriol as vaginal cream, group 2 (control) received no prophylactic treatment. After 9 months of the trial AB was detected in 19.4% women of group 1 and 68.4% of the control group (p<0.001). Clinically significant UI was detected in 8.3 and 18.4% examinees (p<0.001), respectively. No correlation was found between AB development and a HbA1c level. Estriol treatment resulted in a rise of vaginal health index (VHI), appearance of lactobacteria in the vaginal smear, lowering of atrophic vaginitis detection rate. No significant changes were registered in the controls. Thus, local estriol administration effectively prevents and treats UI in postmenopausal females.
Changes in CVD risk factors after combined dietary counselling and supplementation with lipid-lowering milk product: the effect of compliance$$$ Background & aims: Food intake has been associated with cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk and compliance is considered essential to elicit maximal responses to diet therapy. This study aimed to evaluate the changes in CVD risk factors after a 3‐month counselling programme combined with supplementation with a lipid‐lowering milk product, and to examine the effect of compliance on these factors. Methods: Seventy‐seven hypercholesterolaemic adults were randomized to receive a milk product enriched with phytosterols (EMG: n = 40) or a placebo one (PMG: n = 37). Both groups consumed 500 ml milk/d and attended seven counselling sessions. They were categorized as non‐compliant, partially compliant or compliant based on attendance of sessions and milk consumption. Results: Both groups significantly increased vegetable and decreased cheese consumption. Both EMG and PMG reduced their TC, LDL‐C, apo‐B and BMI. When analysed separately by compliance level, no changes were observed in non‐compliant subjects in both EMG and PMG$$$ partially compliant EMG and PMG reduced their TC and LDL‐C levels$$$ compliant EMG and PMG study participants further reduced their apo‐B and BMI. Conclusion: The results of this study highlight the importance of a high degree of compliance to a healthier lifestyle and diet to achieve desired changes in CVD risk factors, further to the use of a lipid lowering milk product. © 2012 European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism.
The effect of yoghurt and its probiotics on blood pressure and serum lipid profile$$$ a randomised controlled trial$$$ Background and aims: Despite strong mechanistic data, and promising results from in vitro and animal studies, the ability of probiotic bacteria to improve blood pressure and serum lipid concentrations in humans remains uncertain. The aim of this study was to determine the effect of Lactobacillus acidophilus La5 and Bifidobacterium animalis subsp lactis Bb12, provided in either yoghurt or capsule form, on home blood pressure and serum lipid profile. Methods and results: Following a 3‐week washout period, 156 overweight men and women over 55 y were randomized to a 6‐week double‐blinded, factorial, parallel study. The four intervention groups were: A) probiotic yoghurt plus probiotic capsules$$$ B) probiotic yoghurt plus placebo capsules$$$ C) control milk plus probiotic capsules$$$ and D) control milk plus placebo capsules. Each probiotic test article provided a minimum L. acidophilus La5 and B. animalis subsp. lactis Bb12 dose of 3.0 × 109 CFU/d. Home blood pressure monitoring, consisting of 7‐day bi‐daily repeat measurements, were collected at baseline and week 6. Fasting total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDLC), high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDLC), and serum triglyceride were performed at baseline and week 6. When compared to control milk, probiotic yoghurt did not significantly alter blood pressure, heart rate or serum lipid concentrations (P > 0.05). Similarly, when compared to placebo capsules, supplementation with probiotic capsules did not alter blood pressure or concentrations of total cholesterol LDLC, HDLC, or triglycerides (P > 0.05). Conclusions: The probiotic strains L. acidophilus La5 and B. animalis subsp. lactis Bb12 did not improve cardiovascular risk factors. © 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Effect of dairy products fortified with vitamin d3 on restless legs syndrome in women with premenstrual syndrome, abdominal obesity and vitamin d deficiency: a pilot study$$$ BACKGROUNDS: Restless legs syndrome (RLS) is an unpleasant condition that affects the quality of life of patients. Its prevalence in increased in women with premenstrual syndrome (PMS). Vitamin D plays a key role in female reproduction through its impact on calcium homeostasis and neurotransmitters. We aimed to evaluate the effect of dairy products fortified with Vitamin D3 on RLS in women with PMS. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We conducted a 2.5‐month, randomized, total‐blinded clinical trial to evaluate the effectiveness of low‐fat milk and yogurt fortified with vitamin D on RLS in women with PMS. Among 141 middle‐aged women with abdominal obesity, 71 and 70 cases received fortified and non‐fortified low‐fat dairy products, respectively. All subjects completed a Symptoms Screening Tool (PSST) and RLS questionnaires. RESULTS: The results showed that in the women with severe PMS (PSST > 28), serum levels of vitamin D increased significantly following vitamin D fortification. The mean restless legs score in the severe PMS subgroup (PSST > 28) was significantly lower after the intervention (p < 0.05. Serum Vitamin D levels significantly differed between intervention and control groups in all individuals (PSST < 19, PSST 19‐28, and PSST > 28) (p < 0.05), but no significant differences were found between RLS scores of the intervention and control groups in the three PMS subgroups (p > 0.05). CONCLUSION: Fortifying dairy products with vitamin D3 can increase the serum levels of vitamin D and reduce the RLS severity in women with severe PMS, but not in other groups.
Effects of low-fat dairy consumption on markers of low-grade systemic inflammation and endothelial function in overweight and obese subjects: an intervention study$$$ Although increased concentrations of plasma inflammatory markers are not one of the criteria to diagnose the metabolic syndrome, low‐grade systemic inflammation is receiving large attention as a metabolic syndrome component and cardiovascular risk factor. As several epidemiological studies have suggested a negative relationship between low‐fat dairy consumption and the metabolic syndrome, we decided to investigate the effects of low‐fat dairy consumption on inflammatory markers and adhesion molecules in overweight and obese subjects in an intervention study. Thirty‐five healthy subjects (BMI>27 kg/m²) consumed, in a random order, low‐fat dairy products (500 ml low‐fat milk and 150 g low‐fat yogurt) or carbohydrate‐rich control products (600 ml fruit juice and three fruit biscuits) daily for 8 weeks. Plasma concentrations of TNF‐α were decreased by 0.16 (SD 0.50) pg/ml (P = 0.070), and soluble TNF‐α receptor‐1 (s‐TNFR‐1) was increased by 110.0 (SD 338.4) pg/ml (P = 0.062) after the low‐fat dairy period than after the control period. s‐TNFR‐2 was increased by 227.0 (SD 449.0) pg/ml (P = 0.020) by the dairy intervention. As a result, the TNF‐α index, defined as the TNF‐α:s‐TNFR‐2 ratio, was decreased by 0.000053 (SD 0.00012) (P = 0.015) after the dairy diet consumption. Low‐fat dairy consumption had no effect on IL‐6, monocyte chemoattractant protein‐1, intracellular adhesion molecule‐1 and vascular cell adhesion molecule‐1 concentrations. The present results indicate that in overweight and obese subjects, low‐fat dairy consumption for 8 weeks may increase concentrations of s‐TNFR compared with carbohydrate‐rich product consumption, but that it has no effects on other markers of chronic inflammation and endothelial function.
Beneficial effects of a Paleolithic diet on cardiovascular risk factors in type 2 diabetes: a randomized cross-over pilot study$$$ BACKGROUND: Our aim was to compare the effects of a Paleolithic ('Old Stone Age') diet and a diabetes diet as generally recommended on risk factors for cardiovascular disease in patients with type 2 diabetes not treated with insulin. METHODS: In a randomized cross‐over study, 13 patients with type 2 diabetes, 3 women and 10 men, were instructed to eat a Paleolithic diet based on lean meat, fish, fruits, vegetables, root vegetables, eggs and nuts$$$ and a Diabetes diet designed in accordance with dietary guidelines during two consecutive 3‐month periods. Outcome variables included changes in weight, waist circumference, serum lipids, C‐reactive protein, blood pressure, glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c), and areas under the curve for plasma glucose and plasma insulin in the 75 g oral glucose tolerance test. Dietary intake was evaluated by use of 4‐day weighed food records. RESULTS: Study participants had on average a diabetes duration of 9 years, a mean HbA1c of 6,6% units by Mono‐S standard and were usually treated with metformin alone (3 subjects) or metformin in combination with a sulfonylurea (3 subjects) or a thiazolidinedione (3 subjects). Mean average dose of metformin was 1031 mg per day. Compared to the diabetes diet, the Paleolithic diet resulted in lower mean values of HbA1c (‐0.4% units, p = 0.01), triacylglycerol (‐0.4 mmol/L, p = 0.003), diastolic blood pressure (‐4 mmHg, p = 0.03), weight (‐3 kg, p = 0.01), BMI (‐1 kg/m2, p = 0.04) and waist circumference (‐4 cm, p = 0.02), and higher mean values of high density lipoprotein cholesterol (+0.08 mmol/L, p = 0.03). The Paleolithic diet was mainly lower in cereals and dairy products, and higher in fruits, vegetables, meat and eggs, as compared with the Diabetes diet. Further, the Paleolithic diet was lower in total energy, energy density, carbohydrate, dietary glycemic load, saturated fatty acids and calcium, and higher in unsaturated fatty acids, dietary cholesterol and several vitamins. Dietary GI was slightly lower in the Paleolithic diet (GI = 50) than in the Diabetic diet (GI = 55). CONCLUSION: Over a 3‐month study period, a Paleolithic diet improved glycemic control and several cardiovascular risk factors compared to a Diabetes diet in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Modifying the fatty acid profile of dairy products through feedlot technology lowers plasma cholesterol of humans consuming the products$$$ Intake of milk and butter has been clearly associated with higher coronary heart disease rates in different countries and this is likely to be mediated by the hypercholesterolemic effect of dairy fat. Fat‐modified dairy products are an innovation involving a technology in which protected unsaturated lipids are fed to ruminants resulting in milk and tissue lipids with reduced saturated fatty acids. We examined the impact of these novel dairy fats on plasma lipids in a human dietary trial. Thirty‐three men and women participated in an 8‐wk randomized crossover trial comparing fat‐modified with conventional dairy products. The trial consisted of a 2‐wk low‐fat baseline period followed by two 3‐wk intervention phases. During the test periods, the fat‐modified products resulted in a significant 0.28‐mmol/L (4.3%) lowering of total cholesterol (P < 0.001). Most of this decrease was in LDL cholesterol, which decreased by 0.24 mmol/L (P < 0.001) whereas HDL cholesterol and triacylglycerols remained essentially unchanged. This alteration in the fatty acid profile of dairy products, if applied to populations typical of developed Western countries, represents a potential strategy to lower the risk of coronary heart disease without any appreciable change in customary eating patterns.
Immune-stimulating effects of lactic acid bacteria in vivo and in vitro$$$ The health‐promoting effects of lactic acid bacteria (LAB) are well recognised, making them a popular functional food ingredient. Commercially available probiotic products are often promoted as capable of improving immune defences also in healthy subjects. However, while strain‐specific differences exist in the effects of LAB, conventional yoghurt bacteria have proved beneficial as well. For comparing the immunological effects of conventional and probiotic LAB, young healthy women received either a commercially available probiotic fermented milk product or a conventional yoghurt for four weeks. Both treatments showed comparable effects resulting in a stronger immunological reaction to stimuli (natural cytotoxicity against cancer cells, mitogen‐induced T‐lymphocyte activation and stimulated cytokine production). To study the mechanisms behind these effects, conventional (Lactobacillus delbrueckii) and probiotic (Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG), LAB were compared in vitro at the cellular level. Interestingly, L. rhamnosus GG was more potent in inducing maturation of dendritic cells (DC) that play a substantial role in directing the immune response to stimuli. In turn, L. delbrueckii provoked a higher secretion of proinflammatory cytokines as well as IL‐10. These effects were, however, observed only after direct incubation of DC and LAB, not when both were separated by a layer of enterocyte‐like Caco‐2 cells. LAB also induced cytokine secretion in peripheral blood mononuclear cells in a similar manner and this effect was reduced in a Caco‐2 cell model, suggesting a modulating influence of gut epithelial cells. While both conventional and probiotic strains modulate the immune response, specific properties may offer therapeutic options in the treatment of certain diseases.
Metabolic profiles of responders and non-responders to a Mediterranean and a high-saturated fatty acid meal$$$ Introduction: Endothelial dysfunction is considered to be a precursor of atherosclerosis and is an independent predictor of cardiovascular events. We recently showed that a single mixed Mediterranean‐type meal (MED) had no postprandial deleterious impact on endothelial function contrarily to a high‐saturated fatty acid meal (HSFAM). The effect of both meals on postprandial endothelial function was however relatively heterogeneous and not correlated to postprandial triglyceride levels. Our objective was thus to investigate differences in anthropometric, metabolic and dietary habit parameters between responders and non‐responders to both meals. Responders were defined as individuals in whom FMD was attenuated by the HSFAM and improved by the MED, while non‐responders were individuals in whom FMD was improved by the HSFAM and attenuated by the MED. Methods: In this crossover study, 28 healthy non‐smoking males were randomly assigned two isocaloric meals on two separate mornings. The MED (885 kcal) consisted of fresh salmon, almonds and vegetables baked in olive oil providing 51% of total calories from fat (7.87g SFA and 2.29g of omega‐3, 2:1 DHA:EPA). The HSFAM (858 kcal) consisted of a McDonald's sausage, egg and cheese McMuffin and three hashbrowns providing 58% of total energy from fat (14.78g SFA and no omega‐3). Endothelial function was evaluated by brachial artery flowmediated dilation (FMD) after a 12‐hour fast (T0) and at two (T2) and four (T4) hours in the postprandial state. Blood work was also conducted at the same time points. Results: Responders had higher fasting levels of insulin, HOMA‐IR, TG, TG/HDL and BMI and lower levels of HDL‐C than non‐responders (p‐value ≤ 0.05, Student t‐test for group difference). Waist circumference, baseline endothelial function, dietary habits and magnitude of postprandial hypertriglyceridemia (AUC TG) could not discriminate between groups. Conclusions: While not having abnormal anthropometric and metabolic values, subjects who had their endothelial function attenuated by a HSFAM and improved by a MED had metabolic profiles resembling insulin‐resistant individuals. This reveals that fasting metabolic status is important in determining postprandial endothelial response to meals of varying nature. Healthy individuals with slightly elevated metabolic markers could be more sensitive to the postprandial detrimental effects of a HSFAM and would benefit from the consumption of Mediterranean‐type meals and diets.
Healthy Eating Promotion Program$$$ INTERVENTION: Anthropometry Food and Nutrition Education Other Outcome and Process Assessment (Health Care) Surveys and Questionnaires To evaluate the PAAS developed by professionals of Primary Health Care (ABS) of the municipalities from educational groups: 1) Intervention Group (GI) with participants who experienced the methodology proposed by the PAAS$$$ and 2) Control Group (CG) with participants from traditional groups promoting healthy eating. The study will take place in 4 phases: 1) Offer and evaluation of the permanent education activities for ABS professionals allocated as GI$$$ 2) baseline, which will include the quantitative research of the profile of the participants of the CG and IG$$$ 3) Accompaniment and support of the research team to the development of the PAAS$$$ and 4) quantitative‐qualitative evaluation of the implementation and effectiveness of the PAAS actions.For this study it is proposed that the workshops be held biweekly, totaling five months of intervention per user group. For the study carried out in the city of Nova Lima will participate all NASF teams, and the groups developed by the teams will be allocated by lottery in GC and GI. In Carmo do Cajuru all Primary Health Care Centers will participate in this study. They will be randomized to control or intervention group. Number of participants: 163 CONDITION: Cardiovascular Diseases Chronic non‐communicable diseases$$$ diabetes mellitus$$$ hypertension$$$ obesity$$$ health promotion$$$ neoplasms$$$ cardiovascular diseases$$$ respiratory diseases $$$ Diabetes Mellitus $$$ Hypertension $$$ Obesity $$$ Health Promotion $$$ Neoplasms $$$ Cardiovascular Diseases $$$ Respiratory Tract Diseases Diabetes Mellitus Health Promotion Hypertension Neoplasms Obesity Respiratory Tract Diseases Z00‐Z99 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Intake of Adequate and Healthy Eating Markers ‐ frequency of consumption of fruits and vegetables, milk, eggs, meats, legumes, rice, roots and tubers (in natura food markers)$$$ and unhealthy eating markers ‐ cheeses, dried meat, bacon, processed tomato extract or concentrate, and vegetable preserves (processed foods)$$$ processed breads, ready‐ made spices and sauces, delicacies, soft drinks, sweetened drinks, yogurts and sweetened and flavored dairy drinks, sausages and frozen products (ultraprocessed foods). Markers of food intake will be measured by food frequency questionnaires at the beginning and at the end of the study. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Anthropometric outcomes: body weight, BMI (Body Mass Index) and WC (Waist Circumference). Anthropometry will be measured by the research team at the beginning and at the end of the study. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 20 years of age or older$$$ be enrolled in the UBS$$$ present a cognitive capacity that allows answering the questionnaires and / or participating in the actions.
Does high-fat meal influence fasting glycemia in patients with type 2 diabetes?$$$ Patients with type 2 diabetes often report the influence of the composition of the previous meal on fasting glycemia, especially in the upper range of HbA1c. The aim of the study is to assess the influence of a high fat meal on fasting glycemia. Sixteen type 2 diabetic patients were included in a prospective randomized cross‐over study. Inclusion criteria were: age >18 years old, body mass index >26kg/m2, creatinin clearance > 60ml/min, stable oral treatment, HbA1c between 7 and 9.5%, patients reporting variation of their fasting glycemia. Exclusion criteria were: type 1 diabetes, renal or hepatic failure, treatment with insulin or agonist GLP‐1. A common standard meal (containing 30g of lipids: 10g of butter and 20g of oil) was compared to a high fat meal (standard meal enriched in fat, 60g of lipids: 30g of butter and 30g of oil). The characteristics of the population were: BMI=30.1 ± 4.3kg/m2, HbA1c=7.7 ± 0.5%, duration of diabetes=152.5 ± 98.5 months, retinopathy: 35%. The mean fasting glycemia twelve hours after standard meal and high fat meal was respectively 7.51 mmol/l (3.50‐9.58) and 7.12 mmol/l (4.78‐ 11.18), p=0.91. Aera under the curve of glycemia and triglycerids were not different after the two meals: (99.04 vs. 93.90mmol/l$$$ p=0.71, and 25.18 vs. 25.06mmol/l$$$ p=0.60). No difference was observed either regarding fasting insulinemia (11.55 vs. 8.79mU/l$$$ p=0.31), CRPus (2,03 vs. 2,56mg/l$$$ p=0.70), Interleukin‐6 (4.21 vs. 4.02 pg/ml$$$ p=0.88) or GLP‐1 (5.08 vs. 5.75 pmol/l$$$ p=0.64). There was no correlation between AUC of glycemia and AUC of triglycerids (‐0.22, p=0.41), adiponectin (0.15, p=0.59), leptin (0.07, p=0.77), CRPus (0.29, p=0.22), IL6 (0.33, p=0.14), fasting glycemia (0.44, p=0.10). Nevertheless a correlation was observed between AUC glycemia and breakfast post‐prandial glycemia (0.70, P=0.01). Using meal with a real life composition, a unique high fat enriched meal does not influence the following fasting glycemia in patients with a long history of type 2 diabetes and under oral treatment.
Vitamin D3-Supplemented Yogurt Drink Improves Insulin Resistance and Lipid Profiles in Women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: a Randomized Double Blinded Clinical Trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Our study aimed to examine the effects of daily consumption of vitamin D3‐supplemented yogurt (VDY) drink on insulin resistance and lipid profiles in pregnant gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) patients. METHODS: Participants aged 24‐32 years in their second trimester were randomly assigned to consume either plain yogurt or VDY daily for 16 weeks. Metabolic and lipid profiles including levels of fasting plasma glucose (FPG), serum insulin, triacylglycerol (TAG), total cholesterol (TC) and low‐density lipoprotein (LDL) were assessed at baseline (week 0) and end of trial (week 16). RESULTS: After 16 weeks of intervention, insulin‐related variables including FPG and serum insulin levels were markedly lower in VDY group participants. Insulin resistance parameters, such as homeostasis model of assessment of insulin resistance and β cell function, were also significantly reduced in VDY group participants. Moreover, levels of TAG, TC and LDL, as well as the TC to high‐density lipoprotein ratio, had also significantly decreased in the VDY group. CONCLUSION: Daily consumption of VDY drink improves insulin resistance and lipid profiles in women with GDM.
Consumption of a high-fat meal containing cheese compared with a vegan alternative lowers postprandial C-reactive protein in overweight and obese individuals with metabolic abnormalities: a randomised controlled cross-over study$$$ Dietary recommendations suggest decreased consumption of SFA to minimise CVD risk$$$ however, not all foods rich in SFA are equivalent. To evaluate the effects of SFA in a dairy food matrix, as Cheddar cheese, v. SFA from a vegan‐alternative test meal on postprandial inflammatory markers, a randomised controlled cross‐over trial was conducted in twenty overweight or obese adults with metabolic abnormalities. Individuals consumed two isoenergetic high‐fat mixed meals separated by a 1‐ to 2‐week washout period. Serum was collected at baseline, and at 1, 3 and 6 h postprandially and analysed for inflammatory markers (IL‐6, IL‐8, IL‐10, IL‐17, IL‐18, TNFα, monocyte chemotactic protein‐1 (MCP‐1)), acute‐phase proteins C‐reactive protein (CRP) and serum amyloid‐A (SAA), cellular adhesion molecules and blood lipids, glucose and insulin. Following both high‐fat test meals, postprandial TAG concentrations rose steadily (P < 0·05) without a decrease by 6 h. The incremental AUC (iAUC) for CRP was significantly lower (P < 0·05) in response to the cheese compared with the vegan‐alternative test meal. A treatment effect was not observed for any other inflammatory markers$$$ however, for both test meals, multiple markers significantly changed from baseline over the 6 h postprandial period (IL‐6, IL‐8, IL‐18, TNFα, MCP‐1, SAA). Saturated fat in the form of a cheese matrix reduced the iAUC for CRP compared with a vegan‐alternative test meal during the postprandial 6 h period. The study is registered at clinicaltrials.gov under NCT01803633.
Improvement of immune and antioxidant status of COVID-19 vulnerable groups using mung bean sprout yoghurt$$$ This study aimed to determine the effect of mung bean sprout yoghurt (MungbeS‐Yo) on plasma CRP and SOD levels of healthcare workers. MungbeS‐Yo was prepared by mixing green bean sprout milk and skim milk, sucrose, and Lactic Acid Bacteria (LAB). The subjects of this study were 20 female healthcare workers, randomly divided into 2 groups. Group‐1 was given MungbeS‐Yo, while group‐2 was given Skim‐Yo (as control), as much as 200 mL/day for 2 months. MungbeS‐Yo is prepared from 70 parts of mung bean sprouted milk, 30 parts skim, 0.5% LAB, and 10% sugar. Blood samples were taken before and after the intervention. Blood plasma was tested for CRP and SOD levels. CRP levels decreased from 5.41 to 3.61 mg/L (P = 0.037), while SOD levels increased from 88.86 pg/mL to 176.05 pg/mL (P<0.044). MungbeS‐Yo has the potential to improve the immune status and enzymatic antioxidant status of plasma susceptible groups infected with Covid‐19. Thus, MungbeS‐Yo can help raise the immune level against infection.
Long term effectiveness of photodynamic therapy for cin treatment$$$ (1) Background: Cervical cancer is the third most commonly diagnosed cancer and the fourth leading cause of cancer death in women worldwide. The highest incidence rates are in Africa, followed by South‐Central Asia and South America. According to the Brazilian National Institute of Cancer (INCA), 16,370 new cases of cervical cancer were estimated for each year of the biennium of 2018–2019. About 90% of cervical cancers originate from the malignant progression of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN) which is classified based on cytohistological characteristics (low‐and high‐grade lesions). The present study reports the long‐term effectiveness of topical photodynamic therapy (PDT) for CIN grades 1 and 2/3 with up to two years of follow up. (2) Methods: A total of 56 patients with CIN 1, ten with CIN 2, and 14 patients for the placebo group were enrolled in this study. (3) Results: 75% (n = 42) of CIN 1 patients presented a complete response to PDT and only 23.2% (n = 13) of recurrence, progression, and/or lesions remaining two years after PDT. For CIN 2/3 patients, 90% were observed to be cured after one and two years of follow up. (4) Conclusions: PDT presented best results two years after a non‐invasive, fast, and low‐cost procedure and in comparison with the placebo group, preventing the progression of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia and preserving the cervix.
Clinical study of diabetes-specific formulas in patients with diabetes mellitus or prediabetes$$$ INTERVENTION: Experimental Dietary Supplement,Experimental Dietary Supplement,No Intervention No treatment lactose‐free milk fromula,whole milk formula,lifestyle only Medical food product using lactose‐free milk and rice as main ingredients, used as meal replacement, 3 meals/day, 4 days/week,Medical food product using whole milk and rice as main ingredients, used as meal replacement, 3 meals/day, 4 days/week,Lifestyle modification only (standard of care) CONDITION: type 2 diabetes prediabetes $$$ type 2 diabetes$$$ prediabetes$$$ medical food type 2 diabetes$$$ prediabetes$$$ medical food PRIMARY OUTCOME: HbA1C Baseline and day91 Blood test SECONDARY OUTCOME: Fasting plasma glucose Baseline, day30, and day91 Blood test,Lipid profile Baseline and day91 Blood test,Body weight Baseline, day14, day30, day60, day91 Scale,Waist circumference Baseline, day14, day30, day60, day91 Measuring tape INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1.Aged between 18‐60 years. 2.Stable weight or weight change not exceeding 5% for at least 3 months prior to joining the research, with a body weight between 70‐200 kilograms. 3.Waist circumference exceeding standard limits: > 90 cm (36 inches) for men and > 80 cm (32 inches) for women, but not exceeding 120 cm. 4.Diagnosed as at risk for diabetes, defined as having a fasting plasma glucose of 100‐125 mg/dL or HbA1c of 5.7‐6.5%, or diagnosed with diabetes and treated with lifestyle modifications alone or in combination with metformin, with HbA1c =< 8%. 5.Health check‐up results within the past year (if not available, the participant cannot join the study). 6.If taking medications such as antihypertensives, metformin, or lipid‐lowering drugs, there should be no changes in medication for 3 months prior to the study, and participants must not be using insulin or other diabetes medications apart from metformin. 7.Willing to participate i
Effect of vitamin D fortified cheese on oral glucose tolerance in individuals exhibiting marginal vitamin D status and an increased risk for developing type 2 diabetes: a double-blind, randomized placebo-controlled clinical trial$$$ Epidemiological data suggest that vitamin D may play a role in glucose metabolism and homeostasis, and that it maybe particularly important for individuals at an increased risk for developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Objective We conducted a double‐blind, randomized, placebo‐controlled trial to examine the effects of 28,000 IU of vitamin D3 given in cheese once per week versus placebo on the 2hr oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and measures of insulin sensitivity, secretion and β‐cell function. Study Design Potential participants were identified as being at an increased risk for developing diabetes using the Finnish Diabetes Risk Score (FINDRISC) questionnaire. Participants who were vitamin D deficient (serum 25‐hydroxy vitamin‐D [25(OH)D] ≤65nmol/L) and who had elevated glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) between 5.4 and 6.4% and/or fasting glucose between 5.6 and 6.9 mmol/L were randomized to receive 28,000 IU of vitamin D3 or placebo (20 IU) once weekly for a period of 24 weeks. The primary outcome of interest was the difference in plasma glucose 2hr after an OGTT between baseline and 24 wks. Secondary outcomes include fasting glucose, fasting and postprandial insulin and indices of insulin sensitivity (Matsuda Index), secretion (insulinogenic index), β‐cell function (ISSI‐2) and long‐term glycemic status (HbA1c). Data were analyzed by intention‐to‐treat. Results Seventy‐one participants (mean age 47.4) were randomized and sixty‐three completed the trial. Supplementation produced a significant increase in serum 25(OH)D in the vitamin D group (n= 35) versus placebo (n=36) (103.6±36.5 vs. 46.4±18.9 nmol/ L, p <0.0001). After 24 wks of supplementation 74% of participants in the vitamin D group achieved 25(OH)D levels ≥75nmol/Lvs6% in the placebo group. Supplementation produced no significant improvements in fasting (p=0.89) and glucose 2hr after the OGTT (p= 0.88), fasting (p= 0.28) and postprandial (p= 0.77) insulin, HbA1c (p=0.34), HOMA‐IR (p= 0.32), Matsuda Index (p=0.72), and ISS1‐2 (p=0.86). Conclusion Weekly doses of 28,0000 IU of vitamin D3 for 24 wks in a group of multi‐ethnic, vitaminD‐deficient individuals identified as being at high risk for developing T2DMdid not improve oral glucose tolerance, insulinsensitivity, β‐cell function or HbA1c.
Postprandial effects on plasma lipids and satiety hormones from intake of liposomes made from fractionated oat oil: two randomized crossover studies$$$ Background: The composition and surface structure of dietary lipids influence their intestinal degradation. Intake of liposomes made of fractionated oat oil (LOO) is suggested to affect the digestion process and postprandial lipemia and also induce satiety. Objective: In the present study, the metabolic effects on plasma lipids and gut hormones related to satiety were investigated in healthy individuals after intake of LOO, with dairy lipids as placebo. Design: Two blinded randomized studies with crossover design were performed. In the first study, 19 subjects consumed 35 g lipids from LOO or yoghurt in a breakfast meal. In a follow‐up study, 15 women consumed 14 or 1.8 g lipids from LOO mixed in yoghurt. Blood samples were analyzed for plasma lipids, insulin, glucose, and intestinal hormones CCK, PYY, GLP‐1, and GLP‐2 before and four times after the meal. Subjective analysis of satiety was measured using a visual analog scale questionnaire. Participants recorded their food intake during the rest of the day. Results: Intake of 35 and 14 g lipids from LOO significantly increased plasma concentrations of CCK, GLP‐1, GLP‐2, and PYY postprandially. This coincided with a prolonged elevation of triglycerides and large cholesterol‐containing particles. Non‐esterified fatty acids decreased after intake of 14 and 1.8 g lipids from LOO. The subjective sensation of satiety in women was increased 7 h after intake of 35 g lipids from LOO without any difference in food intake. Our results indicate that intake of 14 g lipids from LOO at breakfast substantially reduced energy intake during the rest of the day. Conclusions: This study suggests that intake of LOO prolong lipid digestion, affect postprandial plasma lipids and have an effect on satiety. The effect of LOO on GLP‐2 indicates that intake of LOO also improve gut health.
Pitavastatin prevents postprandial endothelial dysfunction via reduction of the serum triglyceride level in obese male subjects$$$ Obesity is a well‐established risk factor for the development and progression of coronary heart disease. Moreover, endothelial dysfunction is an early event in atherosclerosis and is known to be associated with postprandial hypertriglyceridemia. The purpose of this study was to determine whether a statin might have an effect on postprandial hypertriglyceridemia, and thereby on endothelial function in obese subjects. Twenty‐four obese male subjects were recruited for this study. They were randomly assigned to receive pitavastatin (2 mg/day) or placebo for 2 weeks. The oral fat loading test using OFTT cream was performed pre‐ and post‐treatment, in which the lipid profile and flow‐mediated dilation (FMD) were assessed before and 4 h after an oral fat load. In the oral fat loading test conducted pretreatment, the oral fat load induced a marked increase of the serum triglyceride (TG) level and decrease in FMD in the pitavastatin and placebo group. In the test conducted post‐treatment, the increase in postprandial TG was attenuated (+183 vs. +81 mg/dL, P < 0.001) and decrease in postprandial FMD was completely abolished (‐1.1 vs. +0.1%, P < 0.01) by pitavastatin treatment. Moreover, there was a good correlation between the change in postprandial TG and the change in postprandial FMD after the 2 weeks of treatment (r = ‐0.737, P < 0.001). Pitavastatin might prevent endothelial dysfunction caused by postprandial hypertriglyceridemia within 2 weeks of therapy in obese subjects.
Non-fat milk attenuates acute hypertriglyceridemia in obese individuals who consume a high fat diet: a randomized control trial$$$ Background: Repeated exposure to elevated postprandial triglycerides, as seen with typical Western diets, contributes to atherosclerosis and vascular disease. We determined if a single serving of non‐fat milk added to a high fat tolerance test could attenuate postprandial hypertriglyceridemia in individuals who consume a high fat diet. Methods: In this placebo‐controlled, randomized, crossover experimental study, 30 overweight/obese adults consumed a high‐fat tolerance test meal combined with either non‐fat milk, carbohydrate control drink, or caloric control drink. Results: Plasma triglycerides increased over time with no significant differences between interventions. Peak plasma triglyceride levels during HFTT were significantly related to dietary fat intake (r = 0.30, p < 0.05). When participants were divided into tertiles based on habitual dietary fat intake, the higher fat diet group exhibited reduced triglyceride net integrated area under the curve when supplemented with non‐fat milk. No significant differences in hemodynamic measures (brachial flow‐mediated dilation and femoral vascular conductance) were observed between the milk and caloric control trials for either the low fat or high fat diet groups. Conclusions: A single serving of non‐fat milk may attenuate acute hypertriglyceridemia in individuals who chronically consume a high fat diet, offering a simple and easily implemented option for managing elevations in postprandial triglycerides.
The whey fermentation product Malleable Protein Matrix-SL0905 decreases triglyceride concentrations in patients with hypercholesterolemia: a randomized placebo-controlled trial$$$ Purpose: Whey fermentation products have been postulated to exert lipid‐ glucose‐, and blood pressure‐lowering effects. The malleable protein matrix MPM‐SL0905, a whey fermentation product, is produced by an innovative fermentation process using the lactic acid bacteria strain Lactobacillus kefiranofaciensis R2C2. Since evidence from animal models suggests that MPM‐SL0905 decreases serum lipid concentrations, purpose of the present multi‐center, doubleblind, randomized, placebo‐controlled parallel group trial was to assess the hypothesis that MPM‐SL0905 exerts lipid‐lowering effects in humans. Methods: A total of 161 patients (50% male$$$ age 54.5+/‐9.8 years, BMI 26.3+/‐3.6 kg/m2) with hypercholesterolemia with baseline low‐density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol levels of 181+/‐30 mg/dl and normal triglyceride levels (131+/‐55 mg/dl) were randomized to receive MPM‐SL0905 (2 x 15 grams per day) or matching placebo. An open‐label 6 weeks diet run‐in phase was followed by a doubleblind 12 weeks treatment phase after randomization. The data were analyzed on an intention‐to‐treat basis in 95.7% of the subjects. Primary outcome measure was the percent change of LDL cholesterol. Secondary outcome measures were changes in triglyceride and high‐density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol concentrations as well as changes in other cardiovascular risk factors. Results: Triglycerides decreased by 7.9+/‐4.7% in the MPM‐SL0905 group compared to placebo (P = 0.022). LDL cholesterol decreased by 5.3+/‐2.6% (P = 0.0416) in the subjects treated at the university outpatient lipid clinic (47% of total patients), but only by 1.8+/‐1.2% (n.s.) in the total cohort, compared to placebo. HDL cholesterol‐, blood glucose‐ and blood pressure‐levels remained unchanged. MPM‐SL0905 was well tolerated without severe adverse events. Conclusions: In conclusion, MPM‐SL0905 has significant triglyceride‐lowering properties in patients with hypercholesterolemia. Its' effects LDL cholesterol concentrations seem promising and require further investigation. European Society of Cardiology, ESC Congress 2010$$$ 2010 Aug 28 ‐ Sep 1$$$ Stockholm, Sweden
The whey fermentation product malleable protein matrix-Sl0905 decreases triglyceride concentrations in patients with hypercholesterolemia: a randomized placebo-controlled trial$$$ Objective: The malleable protein matrix MPM‐SL0905, a whey fermentation product, is produced by an innovative fermentation process using the lactic acid bacteria strain Lactobacillus kefiranofaciensis R2C2. Since evidence from animal models suggests that MPM‐SL0905 decreases serum lipid concentrations, purpose of the present study was to assess the hypothesis that MPM‐SL0905 exerts lipid‐lowering effects in humans. Methods: Multi‐center, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, parallel group trial. A total of 161 patients (50% male$$$ age 54.5±9.8 years, BMI 26.3±3.6 kg/m2) with hypercholesterolemia (baseline LDL‐cholesterol concentrations of 181±30 mg/dL) and normal triglyceride levels (131±55 mg/dL) were randomized to receive MPM‐SL0905 (2 × 15 grams per day) or matching placebo. An open‐label 6 weeks diet run‐in phase was followed by a double‐blind 12 weeks treatment phase after randomization. The data were analyzed on an intention‐to‐treat basis in 95.7% of the subjects. Primary outcome measure was the percent change of LDL‐cholesterol. Secondary outcome measures were changes in triglycerides and HDL‐cholesterol concentrations as well as changes in other cardiovascular risk factors. Results: Triglyceride levels were decreased by 7.9±4.7% in the MPM‐SL0905 group compared to placebo (P = 0.022). LDL‐cholesterol concentrations decreased by 5.3±2.6% (P = 0.0416) in the subjects treated at the university outpatient lipid clinic (47% of total patients), but only by 1.8±1.2% (n.s.) in the total cohort, compared to placebo. HDL‐cholesterol and blood pressure levels remained unchanged. MPM‐SL0905 was tolerated well without severe adverse events. Conclusions: MPM‐SL0905 has significant triglyceride‐lowering properties in patients with hypercholesterolemia. Its effects on LDL‐cholesterol concentrations deserve further investigation.
Longitudinal association of changes in diet with changes in body weight and waist circumference in subjects at high cardiovascular risk: the PREDIMED trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Consumption of certain foods is associated with long‐term weight gains and abdominal fat accumulation in healthy, middle‐aged and young, non‐obese participants. Whether the same foods might be associated with changes in adiposity in elderly population at high cardiovascular risk is less known. OBJECTIVE: Using yearly repeated measurements of both food habits and adiposity parameters, we aimed to investigate how changes in the consumption of specific foods were associated with concurrent changes in weight or waist circumference (WC) in the PREDIMED trial. DESIGN: We followed‐up 7009 participants aged 55‐70 years at high cardiovascular risk for a median time of 4.8 years. A validated 137‐item semi‐quantitative Food Frequency Questionnaire was used for dietary assessment with yearly repeated measurements. We longitudinally assessed associations between yearly changes in food consumption (serving/d) and concurrent changes in weight (kg) or WC (cm). RESULTS: Yearly increments in weight were observed with increased consumption (kg per each additional increase in 1 serving/d) for refined grains (0.32 kg/serving/d), red meat (0.24), potatoes (0.23), alcoholic beverages (0.18), processed meat (0.15), white bread (0.07) and sweets (0.04)$$$ whereas inverse associations were detected for increased consumption of low‐fat yogurt (‐ 0.18), and low‐fat milk (‐ 0.06). Annual WC gain (cm per each additional increase in 1 serving/d) occurred with increased consumption of snacks, fast‐foods and pre‐prepared dishes (0.28), processed meat (0.18), alcoholic beverages (0.13), and sweets (0.08)$$$ whereas increased consumption of vegetables (‐ 0.23), and nuts (‐ 0.17), were associated with reductions in WC. CONCLUSIONS: In this assessment conducted in high‐risk subjects using yearly repeated measurements of food habits and adiposity, some ultra‐processed foods, refined carbohydrates (including white bread), potatoes, red meats and alcohol were associated with higher weight and WC gain, whereas increases in consumption of low‐fat dairy products and plant foods were associated with less gain in weight and WC. TRIAL REGISTRATION: This study was registered at controlled‐trials.com with International Standard Randomized Controlled Trial Number (ISRCTN): 35739639. Registration date: 5 October 2005.
Lifestyle factors and duration of androgen deprivation affect bone mineral density of patients with prostate cancer during first year of therapy$$$ OBJECTIVES: Androgen deprivation therapy (ADT) is associated with loss of bone mineral density (BMD) and increased fracture risk. We sought to examine the impact of ADT and lifestyle variables on BMD in 120 patients with prostate cancer without bone metastases entering a randomized clinical trial. METHODS: A total of 120 patients with prostate cancer and without bone metastases who had been treated with ADT for less than 12 months were enrolled in a clinical trial of zoledronic acid versus placebo. BMD measurements of the femoral neck, total hip, and lumbar spine were obtained before starting the study treatment by dual energy x‐ray absorptiometry. The subjects answered a questionnaire regarding possible osteoporosis risk factors, including dairy product use, caffeinated beverage use, smoking history, alcohol intake, calcium/vitamin D supplementation, thyroid medication, and exercise. RESULTS: The median duration of ADT was 3 months (range 0 to 12). Osteopenia or osteoporosis (T score of less than ‐1) was detected in two thirds of the subjects at one or more measured sites. The mean baseline BMD Z scores were femoral neck ‐0.091 +/‐ 0.959, total hip 0.122 +/‐ 1.005, and lumbar spine 0.657 +/‐ 1.789. On multiple linear regression analysis, the duration of ADT was negatively associated with the Z score at all three sites and the body mass index, calcium/vitamin D supplementation, and alcohol use were positively associated with the Z score. CONCLUSIONS: BMD loss is a function of the duration of ADT during the first year of therapy. The body mass index, calcium/vitamin D supplementation, and alcohol use were associated with greater BMD, even after controlling for ADT exposure.
Lessons from predimed: the Spanish multicenter study$$$ Introduction: The Mediterranean diet (MeDiet) is one food pattern reputed for its beneficial health. S This diet is characterized by the abundant use of olive oil$$$ high consumption of plant foods (fruits, vegetables, legumes, cereals, nuts and seeds)$$$ frequent but moderate intake of wine (especially red wine) with meals$$$ moderate consumption of fish, seafood, fermented dairy products (yogurt and cheese), poultry and eggs$$$ and low consumption of red and processed meat and sweets.everal epidemiological studies have pointed out that high adherence to MeDiet is associated with strong protection against cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, the highest level of scientific evidence only is obtained by the performance of randomized clinical trial that evaluate hard end‐points as main outcome. Methods: The PREDIMED (PREvencion con DIeta MEDiterranea) study assessed the long‐term effects of the MeDiet, without energy‐restriction, on incident CVD in individuals at high risk. 7447 participants were randomized into three diet groups: MeDiet supplemented with extra‐ virgin olive oil (EVOO) (n=, MeDiet supplemented with nuts, and control diet (advice on a low‐fat diet). Results: After 4.8 years, 288 major CVD events occurred in 7447 participants. MeDiet+EVOO and MeDiet+nuts groups showed a 30% reduction in the incidence of CVD compared to the control group. Incident diabetes (273 cases) among 3541 non‐diabetic participants diminished by 40% in the MeDiet + EVOO compared to the control group. After 1 year follow‐up, participants in the MeDiet+nuts group showed a significant 13.7% reduction in prevalence of metabolic syndrome, compared to reductions of 6.7% and 2.0% in the MeDiet+EVOO and control groups, respectively. Despite the total energy intake was higher in both MeDiet groups, compared to the low‐fat diet group, body weight and waist perimeter decreased in the three groups, but especially in the MeDiet+EVOO group. Analyses of intermediate markers of cardiovascular risk demonstrated beneficial effects of the MeDiets on blood pressure, lipid profiles, lipoprotein particles, inflammation, oxidative stress, and carotid atherosclerosis. Conclusion: The PREDIMED results demonstrate that a high‐unsaturated fat and antioxidant‐rich dietary pattern such as the MeDiet is a useful tool in the prevention of cardiovascular disease. However, these protective effects of the traditional Mediet may be even greater if we upgrade the health effects of this dietary pattern, changing the common olive oil used for extra‐virgin olive oil, increasing the consumption of nuts, fatty fish and whole grain cereals, reducing sodium intake, and maintaining a moderate consumption of wine with meals.
Sequential gene profiling of basal cell carcinomas treated with imiquimod in a placebo-controlled study defines the requirements for tissue rejection$$$ BACKGROUND: Imiquimod is a Toll‐like receptor‐7 agonist capable of inducing complete clearance of basal cell carcinoma (BCC) and other cutaneous malignancies. We hypothesized that the characterization of the early transcriptional events induced by imiquimod may provide insights about immunological events preceding acute tissue and/or tumor rejection. RESULTS: We report a paired analysis of adjacent punch biopsies obtained pre‐ and post‐treatment from 36 patients with BCC subjected to local application of imiquimod (n = 22) or vehicle cream (n = 14) in a blinded, randomized protocol. Four treatments were assessed (q12 applications for 2 or 4 days, or q24 hours for 4 or 8 days). RNA was amplified and hybridized to 17.5 K cDNA arrays. All treatment schedules similarly affected the transcriptional profile of BCC$$$ however, the q12 x 4 days regimen, associated with highest effectiveness, induced the most changes, with 637 genes unequivocally stimulated by imiquimod. A minority of transcripts (98 genes) confirmed previous reports of interferon‐alpha involvement. The remaining 539 genes portrayed additional immunological functions predominantly involving the activation of cellular innate and adaptive immune‐effector mechanisms. Importantly, these effector signatures recapitulate previous observations of tissue rejection in the context of cancer immunotherapy, acute allograft rejection and autoimmunity. CONCLUSION: This study, based on a powerful and reproducible model of cancer eradication by innate immune mechanisms, provides the first insights in humans into the early transcriptional events associated with immune rejection. This model is likely representative of constant immunological pathways through which innate and adaptive immune responses combine to induce tissue destruction.
A CLINICAL TRIAL ON SIDDHA FORMULATION THETRAN VITHAI KUDINEER CHOORANAM FOR MADHUMEGAM$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: NIL: NIL Intervention2: THETRAN VITHAI KUDINEER CHOORANAM: DRUG ‐ THETRAN VITHAI KUDINEER CHOORANAM DOSE‐ 2 GM FREQUENCY ‐ THRICE A DAY VEHICLE ‐ BUTTER MILK DURATION ‐ 3 MONTHS (90 DAYS) Control Intervention1: THETRAN VITHAI KUDINEER CHOORANAM: DRUG‐THETRAN VITHAI KUDINEER CHOORANAM DOSAGE‐2 GRAM THRICE A DAY BEFORE FOOD WITH BUTTER MILK DURATION‐3 MONTHS BEFORE AND AFTER COMPARISON OF BLOOD SUGAR LEVEL (90 DAYS) Control Intervention2: NIL: NIL CONDITION: Type 2 diabetes mellitus with other specified complications PRIMARY OUTCOME: To Evaluvate the Therapeutic efficacy of siddha formulation THETRAN VITHAI KUDINEER CHOORANAM in the treatment of MADHUMEGAM (TYPE II DIABETES MELLITUS)Timepoint: 1 YEAR SECONDARY OUTCOME: SECONDARY OBJECTIVE: $$$ To prepare the trial medicine as per Standard Operative procedure $$$ To study the siddha cofactors related to the disease such as age,sex,etc. $$$ To find out the side effects of the drug, if any. $$$ Timepoint: 3 MONTHS INCLUSION CRITERIA: FASTING BLOOD SUGAR > 130 mg/dl POSTPRANDIAL BLOOD SUGAR >200 mg/dl HBA1C > 6.5 DIABETES WITH HYPERTENSION
Modulation of plasma triglycerides concentration by sterol-based treatment in children carrying different genes$$$ Background: Dyslipidemias have increased during the last decades in children. Aim: The objective of this study was to analyze the influence of different polymorphisms in plasma triglyceride levels of children following a dietary treatment with plant sterols. Design: A randomized, double‐blind, crossover, controlled clinical trial was carried out in 26 children (16 women). Materials and Methods: Commercial milk, with 2.24 g sterols, was ingested daily during 3 weeks , and the same amount of skimmed milk without sterols, during the 3 week placebo phase. Both phases were separated by a washout period of 2 weeks. At the beginning and end of each phase, blood draws were performed. Results: Apolipoprotein A5 Ser19Trp (P = 0.002), peroxisome proliferator‐Activated receptor‐Alpha L162V (P = 0.003), APOE APOE2/3/4 (P = 0.012), and APOE APOE2,3,4 (P = 0.025) show statistically significant differences between their haplotypes in plasma triglyceride levels. Other genes did not show statistically significant differences. Conclusions: Further studies are needed to establish which genotype combinations would be the most protective against hypertriglyceridemia.
Effect of dietary fats and carbohydrate on blood pressure of mildly hypertensive patients$$$ The effect on blood pressure (BP) of replacing dietary saturated fat with either polyunsaturated fat (linoleic acid) or carbohydrate was studied in 21 untreated mildly hypertensive patients. In a randomized, double‐blind, crossover protocol, all subjects received dietary supplements of cream, safflower oil, and carbohydrate in random sequence, each prepared in flavored yogurt or milk. Each supplement was administered for 6 weeks and followed by a 4‐week washout period of no supplementation. Dietary linoleic acid increased from 4.6 to 13% of energy intake when the safflower oil replaced cream, while saturated fat decreased from 16 to 10%. Total fat intake was 37 to 38% during the cream and safflower oil periods but was 28% during the carbohydrate period. Compliance with the diets was demonstrated by significant changes in fasting plasma fatty acid measurements. Mean clinic BP was 135 +/‐ 9/93 +/‐ 6 mm Hg at baseline. There were no significant differences in BP measured in the clinic or at home among the three dietary periods. The protocol had more than 80% power to detect a mean effect of diet of 3 mm Hg systolic or 2 mm Hg diastolic BP. Therefore, replacing dietary saturated fat with carbohydrate or with linoleic acid does not affect BP in subjects with mild hypertension.
Effects of native banana starch supplementation on body weight and insulin sensitivity in obese type 2 diabetics$$$ Few fiber supplements have been studied for physiological effectiveness. The effects of native banana starch (NBS) and soy milk (control) on body weight and insulin sensitivity in obese type 2 diabetics were compared using a blind within‐subject crossover design. Subjects undertook two phases of 4‐week supplementation either with NBS or soy milk. Patients on NBS lost more body weight than when they were on control treatment. Plasma insulin and HOMA‐I were reduced after NBS consumption, compared with baseline levels, but not significantly when compared to the control treatment. Results support the use of NBS as part of dietary fiber supplementation.
Metabolic and molecular effects of a high-protein diet in subjects with type 2 diabetes$$$ Background and aims: Previous studies reported both favourable and adverse impacts of high‐protein diet in type 2 diabetes. In our clinical study we compared effects of two isocaloric high‐protein diets of animal (AP) and plant (PP) origin on metabolic markers, liver fat content and signalling pathways in white blood cells and adipose tissue. Materials and methods: Individuals with type 2 diabetes (age 65± 6 years, BMI 30.5±3.6 kg/m2, HbA1c 7.0±0.6%, n=30) were randomized to either high‐animal (meat and dairy foods) or high‐plant (dietary pulses) protein diet (30% protein, 40% carbohydrates, 30% fat) for 6 weeks. Before and after the diet intervention, magnetic resonance imaging, hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamps, and meal tolerance tests were performed, and blood and subcutaneous adipose tissue samples were collected. Key proteins of the Akt/mTOR signalling pathway were analysed in isolated white blood cells and adipose tissue using PathScan Antibody Array (Cell Signaling). Results: Levels of liver parameters (AST, ALT, GGT) in blood improved after diet intervention in both groups. Liver fat content and HbA1c levels were reduced in all subjects (AP: ‐43.6%, p<0.001$$$ PP: ‐37.1%, p< 0.001, and AP: ‐ 0.58%, p<0.05$$$ PP: ‐ 0.41%, p<0.001, respectively). The clamp‐derived insulin sensitivity improved significantly only in the AP group (δM‐value=0.88 mg/kg BW/min, p<0.05). In the PP group there was a significant reduction of plasma creatinine (‐7.79 μmol/l, p< 0.01) and improvement of the glomerular filtration rate (from 75.95 to 88.15 ml/min/1.73 m2, p<0.001) which was not found in the AP group. We did not observe any alteration of the Akt/mTOR pathway in white blood cells after the dietary intervention. However, in adipose tissue the phosphorylation of AMPK, Erk1/2 and 4E‐BP1 was approximately 2‐ fold higher in the AP group, whereas in the PP group the phosphorylation of Bad and PDK1 was significantly increased. Conclusion: In diabetic subjects, the 6‐week high‐protein diet leads to an improvement of glucose metabolism and decrease of liver fat content independently from the protein origin. The high‐protein diet has no adverse effects on kidney parameters, moreover the kidney function improved in the plant protein group. On molecular level, we observed the dietary‐induced increase of the phosphorylation of some proteins of Akt/mTOR pathway in subcutaneous adipose tissue, but not in blood cells, indicating a differential modulation of intracellular signalling pathways.
Microbiota patterns and risk of cardiometabolic disease -opportunities for intervention?$$$ In every human being, there is a substantial proportion (1‐2 kg) of total body weight constituted by the gut microbiota content in the gastro‐intestinal system. Recent research findings, based on mapping of the microbiome, have stated that in healthy subjects, the gut microbiota richness and diversity is higher as compared to obese subjects or patients suffering from cardiometabolic disease, or even long‐standing hypertension when a different and less rich pattern is seen (dysbiosis). Intervention with certain food constituents, e.g. Mediterranean diet or dairy products such as lactobacillae‐containing yoghurt, holds promise that this could be of benefit for improved organ function, improved metabolism and lowering disease risk. Randomized, controlled intervention studies are needed to test the hypothesis that a reduction in dysbiosis induced by external dietary interventions could translate into health benefits.
Dietary carbohydrate restriction augments weight loss-induced improvements in glycaemic control and liver fat in individuals with type 2 diabetes: a randomised controlled trial$$$ AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Lifestyle modification and weight loss are cornerstones of type 2 diabetes management. However, carbohydrate restriction may have weight‐independent beneficial effects on glycaemic control. This has been difficult to demonstrate because low‐carbohydrate diets readily decrease body weight. We hypothesised that carbohydrate restriction enhances the beneficial metabolic effects of weight loss in type 2 diabetes. METHODS: This open‐label, parallel RCT included adults with type 2 diabetes, HbA1c 48‐97 mmol/mol (6.5‐11%), BMI >25 kg/m2, eGFR >30 ml min‐1 [1.73 m]‐2 and glucose‐lowering therapy restricted to metformin or dipeptidyl peptidase‐4 inhibitors. Participants were randomised by a third party and assigned to 6 weeks of energy restriction (all foods were provided) aiming at 6% weight loss with either a carbohydrate‐reduced high‐protein diet (CRHP, percentage of total energy intake [E%]: CH30/P30/F40) or a conventional diabetes diet (CD, E%: CH50/P17/F33). Fasting blood samples, continuous glucose monitoring and magnetic resonance spectroscopy were used to assess glycaemic control, lipid metabolism and intrahepatic fat. Change in HbA1c was the primary outcome$$$ changes in circulating and intrahepatic triacylglycerol were secondary outcomes. Data were collected at Copenhagen University Hospital (Bispebjerg and Herlev). RESULTS: Seventy‐two adults (CD 36, CRHP 36, all white, 38 male sex) with type 2 diabetes (mean duration 8 years, mean HbA1c 57 mmol/mol [7.4%]) and mean BMI of 33 kg/m2 were enrolled, of which 67 (CD 33, CRHP 34) completed the study. Body weight decreased by 5.8 kg (5.9%) in both groups after 6 weeks. Compared with the CD diet, the CRHP diet further reduced HbA1c (mean [95% CI] ‐1.9 [‐3.5, ‐0.3] mmol/mol [‐0.18 (‐0.32, ‐0.03)%], p = 0.018) and diurnal mean glucose (mean [95% CI] ‐0.8 [‐1.2, ‐0.4] mmol/l, p < 0.001), stabilised glucose excursions by reducing glucose CV (mean [95% CI] ‐4.1 [‐5.9, ‐2.2]%, p < 0.001), and augmented the reductions in fasting triacylglycerol concentration (by mean [95% CI] ‐18 [‐29, ‐6]%, p < 0.01) and liver fat content (by mean [95% CI] ‐26 [‐45, 0]%, p = 0.051). However, pancreatic fat content was decreased to a lesser extent by the CRHP than the CD diet (mean [95% CI] 33 [7, 65]%, p = 0.010). Fasting glucose, insulin, HOMA2‐IR and cholesterol concentrations (total, LDL and HDL) were reduced significantly and similarly by both diets. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Moderate carbohydrate restriction for 6 weeks modestly improved glycaemic control, and decreased circulating and intrahepatic triacylglycerol levels beyond the effects of weight loss itself compared with a CD diet in individuals with type 2 diabetes. Concurrent differences in protein and fat intakes, and the quality of dietary macronutrients, may have contributed to these results and should be explored in future studies. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT03814694. FUNDING: The study was funded by Arla Foods amba, The Danish Dairy Research Foundation, and Copenhagen University Hospital Bispebjerg Frederiksberg.
Sugar, non-caloric sweeteners and reward$$$ INTERVENTION: sugar sweetened and non‐caloric sweetened versions of a yoghurt drink and a soft drink CONDITION: obesitas $$$ obesity $$$ overweight PRIMARY OUTCOME: The primary outcome measures of this study are 1) the shift in product $$$ preference, i.e., the difference in choice for the sugar sweetened and $$$ non‐caloric sweetened yoghurt drinks and the sugar sweetened and non‐caloric $$$ sweetened soft drinks (males and females) after repeated exposure and 2) the $$$ change in brain reward responses to the sugar sweetened and non‐caloric $$$ sweetened drinks after repeated exposure (males). $$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: The secondary objective of this study is to determine the effect of replacing $$$ added sugar by non‐caloric sweeteners in a nutrient‐rich matri X(dairy drink $$$ yoghurt) and in a nutrient‐empty matri X(soft drink) after repeated consumption $$$ on: $$$ • Explicit and implicit liking and wanting of these products. $$$ • Implicit associations of these products with feelings of satiety. $$$ • Expected satiety of these products. $$$ • Ad libitum intake of these products $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: Zie pag. 11 van protocol$$$• Age: 18‐35 years • BMI: 18.5 ‐ 25.0 kg/m2 • Healthy (as judged by the participant)
Ezetimibe and simvastatin combination inhibits and reverses the pro-inflammatory and pro-atherogenic effects of cream in obese patients$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Inflammation and postprandial lipemia are associated with increased cardiovascular disease. We investigated whether ezetimibe and simvastatin combination, a lipid lowering combination of simvastatin and ezetimibe, exerts an anti‐inflammatory effect in the fasting state and after dairy cream intake. METHODS: Twenty obese patients were randomized to either ezetimibe and simvastatin combination or placebo treatment for 6 weeks. All patients were asked to ingest 33 ml of dairy cream (300 Calories) at the beginning and at the end of intervention. Fasting and post‐cream blood samples were obtained. RESULTS: At 0 week, ingestion of cream induced significant increases in MNC expression of IL‐1β (105 ± 18%), TNFα (97 ± 12%), CD68 (48 ± 8%), CD16 (141 ± 39%), MMP‐9 (122 ± 31%), PECAM (66 ± 10%), TLR‐4 (84 ± 11%) and TLR‐2 (67 ± 9%) and in endotoxin (LPS) concentrations (49 ± 7%) (p < 0.05). Ezetimibe and simvastatin combination treatment lowered fasting total cholesterol, LDLc and Lp(a) concentrations and Apo B/A1 ratio and suppressed the MNC expression of IL‐1β and CD68 (by 21 ± 7 and 24 ± 10, p < 0.05) and the concentrations of LPS, CRP, FFA and IL‐18 by 24 ± 7%, 32 ± 11%, 19 ± 8% 15 ± 4%, respectively, (p < 0.05). Cream‐induced increases in the expression of IL‐1β, CD68, CD16, MMP‐9, TNFα and PECAM were reduced in the ezetimibe and simvastatin combination group by 74 ± 15%, 68 ± 13%, 57 ± 13%, 64 ± 16%, 67 ± 14% and 45 ± 9%, respectively, while those of LPS and MMP‐9 concentrations were reduced by 53 ± 9% and 38 ± 8%, respectively, compared to the increases at week 0 (p < 0.05). There was a suppression of TLR‐2 and TLR‐4 expression by 21 ± 8% and 18 ± 7%, respectively, compared to 0‐h baseline, after cream intake following ezetimibe and simvastatin combination treatment. CONCLUSIONS: Ezetimibe and simvastatin combination exerts a profound anti‐inflammatory effect both in the fasting state and acutely after the ingestion of saturated fat.
Dairy fat in cheese raises LDL cholesterol less than that in butter in mildly hypercholesterolaemic subjects$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine whether dairy fat in cheese raises low‐density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol as much as in butter, since epidemiology suggests a different impact on cardiovascular disease. DESIGN: A randomised crossover trial testing the daily consumption of 40 g dairy fat as butter or as matured cheddar cheese, each of 4 weeks duration, was preceded by and separated by 2‐week periods when dietary fat was less saturated. SETTING: Free‐living volunteers. SUBJECTS: A total of 14 men and five women of mean age 56+/‐8 y, with mean total cholesterol of 5.6+/‐0.8 mmol/l. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Plasma cholesterol, LDL cholesterol (LDL‐C), HDL cholesterol (HDL‐C), triacylglycerol and glucose. RESULTS: Saturated fat intake was significantly lower during the run‐in than during the cheese and butter periods. Mean lipid values did not differ significantly between the cheese and run‐in periods, but total cholesterol and LDL‐C were significantly higher with butter: total cholesterol (mmol/l): butter 6.1+/‐0.7$$$ run‐in 5.6+/‐0.8 (P < 0.05$$$ ANOVA with Bonferroni adjustment)$$$ vs cheese 5.8+/‐0.6 (P > 0.05)$$$ median LDL‐C (mmol/l): butter 3.9 (3.5‐4.1) vs run‐in 3.4 (3.0‐4.1) (P < 0.05$$$ Tukey test)$$$ vs cheese 3.7 (3.3‐3.9) (P > 0.05). Among 13 subjects whose initial LDL‐C was >4 mmol/l, the difference between butter (4.4+/‐0.3 mmol/l) and cheese (3.9+/‐0.3 mmol/l) was significant (P = 0.014). HDL‐C was highest with butter and triacylglycerol with cheese (neither was significant). CONCLUSION: A total of 40 g dairy fat eaten daily for 4 weeks as butter, but not as cheese, raised total and LDL cholesterol significantly compared with a diet containing significantly less saturated fat. Dietary advice regarding cheese consumption may require modification.
A prospective study of dairy intake and the risk of type 2 diabetes in women$$$ OBJECTIVE: Although studies have indicated that increased dairy intake may reduce risk of overweight and insulin resistance syndrome, data directly relating dairy intake to type 2 diabetes remain sparse. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We prospectively examined the associations between intake of dairy foods and calcium and incident type 2 diabetes in 37,183 women without a history of diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and/or cancer at baseline. RESULTS: During an average of 10 years of follow‐up, we documented 1,603 incident cases. After adjusting for potential confounders including BMI, smoking status, physical activity, family history of diabetes, alcohol consumption, history of hypertension, use of hormones, and high cholesterol, the relative risk for type 2 diabetes among women in the highest quintile of dairy intake was 0.79 (95% CI 0.67‐0.94$$$ P for trend = 0.007) compared with those in the lowest quintile. Each serving‐per‐day increase in dairy intake was associated with a 4% lower risk (0.96 [0.93‐1.01]). The inverse association with type 2 diabetes appeared to be mainly attributed to low‐fat dairy intake$$$ the multivariate relative risks comparing the highest to the lowest quintiles was 0.79 (0.67‐0.93$$$ P for trend = 0.002) for low‐fat dairy. The inverse relation between dairy intake and incident type 2 diabetes remained unchanged after further adjustment for dietary calcium, vitamin D, glycemic load, fat, fiber, and magnesium intake. These associations also did not vary significantly according to BMI. CONCLUSIONS: A dietary pattern that incorporates higher low‐fat dairy products may lower the risk of type 2 diabetes in middle‐aged or older women.
Effect of fat emulsion (Fabuless) on orocecal transit time in healthy men$$$ BACKGROUND: Given the growing prevalence of overweight and related health consequences, there is increased interest in the search for novel dietary strategies for weight control. A food ingredient, an emulsion based on palm and oat oil (Fabuless, previously known as Olibra), has been associated with short‐term reductions of food intake, induction of satiety, alternation in the satiety hormones, as well as long‐term effects on weight control. The mechanism by which it can exert these effects is so far unclear, though it has been suggested that the "ileal break" may play a role in increasing gastrointestinal transit time. The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of this stable fat emulsion on orocecal transit time in healthy men. MATERIAL AND METHODS: In a controlled, double‐blind, cross‐over‐designed study, 15 healthy men (aged 20‐59 years, body mass index (BMI) 22‐28), randomly allocated to two treatments, consumed the stable fat emulsion or a milk fat in yoghurt during two days of investigation, with an interval of 1 week. Orocecal transit time was determined by following blood sulfapyridine levels, which is a metabolite of salazopyrine in the colon. RESULTS: A statistically significant delay in the appearance of sulfapyridine in serum was obtained after active treatment versus control treatment, corresponding to a 45‐min longer orocecal transit time due to fat emulsion consumption. CONCLUSIONS: This study provides the first evidence to suggest that this stable fat emulsion may affect the ileal brake mechanism by slowing down the gastrointestinal transit time, which might explain the weight control and appetite suppression previously observed in association with this emulsion.
Changes in food habits and motivation for healthy eating among Pakistani women living in Norway: results from the InnvaDiab-DEPLAN study$$$ OBJECTIVE: Pakistani women in Oslo have high risk of overweight and type 2 diabetes. The objective is to present the effect of an intervention study on Pakistani women's intentions to change dietary behaviour and changes made in dietary intake. DESIGN: The intervention group received culturally adapted lifestyle education, including diet and physical activity. The questionnaire, applied before and after the 7‐month intervention, included FFQ and questions on intentions to change. SETTING: Oslo, Norway. SUBJECTS: A total of 198 Pakistani women, aged 25‐63 years, randomised into control and intervention groups. RESULTS: There was a shift in distribution of intentions to change the intake of selected foods in the intervention group after the intervention, resulting in significant differences between the groups. The daily intake of vegetables, fruits and fruit juice had increased (P = 0.043), and the intake of red meats (P = 0.001), full fat milk/yoghurt (P = 0.027) and sugar‐rich drinks (P <or= 0.007) was reduced in the intervention group. The differences between intervention and control after the intervention were significant for sugar‐rich drinks (P <or= 0.022). More women in the intervention group used olive and rapeseed oil and fewer used 'vegetable' oil after than before intervention (P < 0.011). Differences between intervention and control were significant (P = 0.001) for rapeseed oil. Comparing those who attended at least 60 % of the group sessions with the control group resulted in minor changes in these estimates. CONCLUSIONS: Culturally adapted education has the potential to change Norwegian‐Pakistani women$$$s intentions to make their diet healthier, and also to induce some beneficial, however modest, self‐reported changes in diet.
Changes in dietary intake, food tolerance, hedonic hunger, binge eating problems, and gastrointestinal symptoms after sleeve gastrectomy compared with after gastric bypass$$$ 1-year results from the Oseberg study-a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: The randomized Oseberg study compared the effects of sleeve gastrectomy (SG) and Roux‐en‐Y gastric bypass (RYGB), on the 1‐y remission of type 2 diabetes and β‐cell function (primary outcomes). However, little is known about the comparable effects of SG and RYGB on the changes in dietary intakes, eating behavior, and gastrointestinal discomfort. Objectives: To compare 1‐y changes in intakes of macro‐ and micronutrients, food groups, food tolerance, hedonic hunger, binge eating, and gastrointestinal symptoms after SG and RYGB. Methods: Among others, prespecified secondary outcomes were dietary intake, food tolerance, hedonic hunger, binge eating, and gastrointestinal symptoms assessed with a food frequency questionnaire, food tolerance questionnaire, Power of food scale, Binge eating scale, and Gastrointestinal symptom rating scale, respectively. Results: A total of 109 patients (66% females), with mean (SD) age 47.7 (9.6) y and body mass index of 42.3 (5.3) kg/m2, were allocated to SG (n = 55) or RYGB (n = 54). The SG group had, compared with the RYGB group, greater 1‐y reductions in the intakes of: protein, mean (95% CI) between‐group difference, −13 (−24.9, −1.2) g$$$ fiber, −4.9 (−8.2, −1.6) g$$$ magnesium, −77 (−147, −6) mg$$$ potassium, −640 (−1237, −44) mg$$$ and fruits and berries, −65 (−109, −20) g. Further, the intake of yogurt and fermented milk products increased by >2‐folds after RYGB but remained unchanged after SG. In addition, hedonic hunger and binge eating problems declined similarly after both surgeries, whereas most gastrointestinal symptoms and food tolerance remained stable at 1 y. Conclusions: The 1‐y changes in dietary intakes of fiber and protein after both surgical procedures, but particularly after SG, were unfavorable with regard to current dietary guidelines. For clinical practice, our findings suggest that health care providers and patients should focus on sufficient intakes of protein, fiber, and vitamin and mineral supplementation after both SG and RYGB. This trial was registered at [clinicaltrials.gov] as [NCT01778738].
Development and evaluation of a food frequency questionnaire for use among young children$$$ Background/Objectives This study described the development of a parent food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) for measuring diets of young children over the past month and the validation of this FFQ against three non‐consecutive 24 hour recalls. Subjects/Methods Food and nutrient intakes from a 68‐item FFQ were compared with three non‐consecutive 24 hour recalls in a follow‐up cohort of children aged 1.5, 3.5 and 5.0 years old. Data from both methods were available for 231, 172 and 187 participants at ages 1.5, 3.5 and 5.0 years, respectively. Results Out of 11 nutrients, four (protein, fat, fibre, iron), two (Vitamin C, folate) and three (protein, vitamin C and folate) nutrients showed good‐acceptable outcome for 2 out of 3 group‐level validation tests at ages 1.5, 3.5 and 5.0 years, respectively. Of 26 food groups, good‐acceptable outcome for 2 out of 3 group‐level validation tests was revealed for two, four and six food groups at ages 1.5, 3.5 and 5.0 years, respectively. For individual‐level validation tests, all nutrients showed good‐acceptable outcome for 2 out of 3 individual level tests across three time points, except for folate at age 1.5 years and energy intake at age 3.5 years. Most food groups (22 out of 26) at age 1.5 years and all food groups at both ages 3.5 and 5.0 years showed good‐acceptable outcome for 2 out of 3 individual‐level validation tests. Conclusions At all three time points, the FFQ demonstrated good‐acceptable validity for some nutrients and food groups at group‐level, and good‐acceptable validity for most nutrients and food groups at individual‐level. This quantitative FFQ is a valid and robust tool for assessing total diet of young children and ranking individuals according to nutrient and food intakes.
Dietary omega-3 fatty acids prevent carbohydrate-induced hypertriglyceridemia$$$ Dietary fish oils rich in omega‐3 fatty acids are remarkably hypotriglyceridemic in both normal and hypertriglyceridemic subjects. This present study was designed to examine the hypothesis that dietary fish oils could prevent the usual sharp increase in plasma triglyceride and very low‐density lipoprotein (VLDL) levels that occur physiologically after the induction by a high‐carbohydrate diet. Seven healthy volunteers consumed three experimental liquid formula diets: the baseline diet (45% fat, 10% protein, 45% carbohydrate) and two high‐carbohydrate diets (15% fat, 10% protein, 75% carbohydrate), one as a control diet and the other containing fish oil. The baseline and control dietary fats were a mixture of peanut oil and cocoa butter, whereas the fish oil diet contained high levels of omega‐3 fatty acids. The plasma triglyceride levels rose from 105 mg/dL during baseline diet to 194 mg/dL during the high‐CHO control diet (P less than 0.005). VLDL triglyceride levels increased from 69 to 156 mg/dL (P less than 0.005) and VLDL cholesterol from 18 to 34 mg/dL (P less than 0.005). When fish oil was substituted for the control fats, plasma triglyceride levels fell from 194 to 75 mg/dL (P less than 0.005), VLDL triglyceride and cholesterol levels were reduced from 156 to 34 mg/dL (P less than 0.005) and from 34 to 12 mg/dL (P less than 0.005), respectively. These effects were noted by two to three days after beginning the fish oil diet. Thus, dietary omega‐3 fatty acids from fish oil rapidly and markedly reduced VLDL triglyceride levels even in the face of a high‐carbohydrate diet.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Impaired fibrinolytic activity induced by ingestion of butter: effect of increased plasma lipids on the fibrinolytic activity$$$ To investigate the effects of the increased plasma lipid level on fibrinolysis, we measured the levels of fibrinolytic components in serially obtained plasma samples from healthy volunteers after the intake of different amounts of butter. Plasma triglyceride level increased significantly after butter intake compared to the control group. Eight hours after the intake of 100 g of butter, plasminogen activator inhibitor 1 (PAI‐1) level in plasma was significantly higher and euglobulin clot lysis time was significantly prolonged compared to those of the control group. There was no effect on plasma tissue plasminogen activator level. These results suggest that the temporary increase in plasma triglyceride level induced high PAI‐1 level, resulting in impaired fibrinolytic activity. The effect of temporary hyperlipidemia on platelet function was also analyzed and revealed that the response of platelets to ADP and collagen was lower in the butter intake group compared to those of the control.
Consumption of red and processed meat and refined grains for 4weeks decreases insulin sensitivity in insulin-resistant adults: a randomized crossover study$$$ BACKGROUND: Red and processed meat and refined grains are associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes. Interventions are limited. We hypothesized that a diet high in red and processed meat and refined grains (HMD) would decrease insulin sensitivity compared to a diet high in whole grains, nuts, dairy and legumes with no red meat (HWD). METHODS: Forty‐nine subjects without diabetes [15 men and 34 women, age, 35.6±15.7 years, body mass index (BMI), 27±5.9kg/m2] underwent two 4‐week weight‐stable dietary interventions in a randomized crossover design. The insulin sensitivity index (ISI) was calculated from the last 30min of a continuous low‐dose insulin (25mU/kg·h) and glucose (4mg/kg·min) infusion test (LDIGIT 120‐150min) at the end of each diet. RESULTS: The population fell into two very discrete groups: those with a very low insulin response in the LDIGIT 120‐150min on HMD (Group 1<56pmol/L, n=24), and those with relatively normal insulin responses (Group 2>56pmol/L, n=25). Group 2 had significantly higher insulin concentrations [(median and interquartile range) 153, 180 for HMD vs. 123, 149pmol/L for HWD$$$ P=0.019] and glucose concentrations [(mean±standard deviation) 7.4±1.3 for HMD vs.6.7±1.2mmol/L for HWD$$$ P=0.05], resulting in a significantly decreased ISI [(median and interquartile range) 21.1, 34.2 for HMD vs. 31.6, 39.4 for HWD$$$ P=0.014] compared to HWD. Log ISI after HMD was significantly correlated with BMI (r=‐0.5$$$ P=0.009), fat mass (r=‐0.55$$$ P=0.004) and self‐reported activity levels (r=‐0.45$$$ P=0.024). CONCLUSIONS: A dietary pattern high in red and processed meat and refined grains decreased insulin sensitivity compared to a dietary pattern high in whole grains, nuts, dairy products and legumes only in relatively insulin‐resistant adults.
The use of novel foods enriched with long-chain n-3 fatty acids to increase dietary intake: a comparison of methodologies assessing nutrient intake$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effect of consuming a variety of foods enriched in long‐chain n‐3 fatty acids in low fish eaters. DESIGN: Evaluation of reported dietary intakes in a 6‐month, double‐blind, randomized, controlled parallel design trial. SUBJECTS/SETTING: Eighty‐five men and women with overweight and mildly elevated triglyceride levels who have a low habitual intake of fish. INTERVENTION: Subjects were randomized to consume foods either enriched in long‐chain n‐3 fats or control foods (not enriched). Subjects were asked to consume eight portions per day (equivalent to approximately 1 g/day long‐chain n‐3 fatty acid if randomized to the intervention). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Reported energy, macronutrient, and fatty acid intakes were measured by diet history, 3‐day food records, and body weight. STATISTICAL ANALYSES: Repeated measures analysis of variance, Kruskall‐Wallis test, Pearson's correlation coefficient, and Bland‐Altman plots were conducted. RESULTS: The two groups did not differ in mean dietary intake of long‐chain n‐3 fatty acid intake at baseline (258 mg and 313 mg for the intervention and control groups, respectively). At 6 months the intervention group members increased their intake of long‐chain n‐3 fats 4.5‐fold compared with baseline and with the control group (P<.001). The data from the diet histories correlated well with the food records for all reported macronutrient and fatty acid values. Food pattern analysis showed that milk (13.8%), cereal (12.1%), and bread (11.3%) contributed the most to the overall long‐chain n‐3 fatty acid intake in the intervention group. CONCLUSIONS: This long‐term study in free‐living subjects indicates that population intakes of long‐chain n‐3 fatty acids could be substantially increased through the availability of a variety of n‐3 fatty acid‐enriched processed foods.
The effect of probiotic soy milk and soy milk on anthropometric measures and blood pressure in patients with type II diabetes mellitus: a randomized double-blind clinical trial$$$ BACKGROUND: The objective of this clinical trial was to assess the effects of probiotic soy milk and soy milk on anthropometric measures and blood pressure (BP) in Type 2 diabetic (T2D) patients. METHODS: A total of 40 patients with T2D, 35‐68 years old, were assigned to two groups in this randomized, double‐blind, controlled clinical trial. The patients in the intervention group consumed 200 ml/day of probiotic soy milk containing Lactobacillus planetarium A7 and those in control group consumed 200 ml/day of soy milk for 8 weeks. Anthropometric and BP measurements were performed according to standard protocols. For detecting within‐group differences paired‐sample t‐tests was used and analysis of covariance was used for determining any differences between two groups. (The trial has been registered in the Iranian Registry of Clinical Trials, identifier: IRCT: IRCT201405265062N8). RESULTS: In this study, we failed to find any significant changes between probiotic soy milk and soy milk in term of body mass index (26.65 ± 0.68 vs. 26.33 ± 0.74, P = 0.300) and waist to hip ratio (1.49 ± 0.08 vs. 1.54 ± 0.1 P = 0.170). Although soy milk did not have any effect on BP, probiotic soymilk significantly decreased systolic (14.7 ± 0.48 vs. 13.05 ± 0.16 P = 0.001) and diastolic BP (10 ± 0.7 vs. 9.1 ± 1 P = 0.031). CONCLUSION: In our study, probiotic soy milk in comparing with soy milk did not have any beneficial effects on anthropometric measures in these patients. We need more clinical trial for confirming the effect of probiotic foods on anthropometric measure in diabetic patients. However, probiotic soy milk decreased systolic and diastolic BP significantly.
Improvement of the plasma and erythrocytes lipid profile in overweight/obese and dyslipidemic patients after consumption of a naturally pufa-enriched cheese$$$ Background and objectives: Obesity is considered a key factor in a vast array of diseases. There are evidences associating the PUFA‐enriched diets with a lower incidence of cardiovascular diseases (CVD). In this sense, there is much interest in adding value to dairy products by naturally increasing the PUFA levels. Within the context, a PUFA‐enriched low fat cheese was elaborated (Lactalis Iberia) from ruminant milks whose diet included a commercial linseed supplement (Lodyn S.L). A balanced hypocaloric diet including the consumption of this functional cheese for its potential benefits by overweight/ obese and dyslipidemic patients, was analyzed. Our aim was to assess the effect of the functional cheese intake, through the changes in the lipid composition of plasma and erythrocytes from volunteers and identify potential health biomarkers. Methods: A prospective, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled clinical trial was performed. Sixty two overweight/obese and dyslipidemic volunteers were randomly assigned to receive during 12‐wk a 60 g/day intake of Light Cheese (LC) or Light Functional Cheese (LFC). Lipids from plasma and erythrocytes were derivatized by a direct transmethylation procedure. Lipid profile was thoroughly monitorized by GLC‐MS. Results: The dietary‐induced changes in the FA composition of plasma and erythrocyte were similar. In volunteers consuming LFC, the levels of myristic (C14:0), palmitic (C16:0) and stearic (C18:0) acids significantly decreased. This is interesting since C14:0 and C16:0 are considered to be cholesterol‐ raising and are associated with the increased incidence of CVD. A major increase in the PUFA content, correlated with the higher amount of linoleic acid (C18: 2), was also detected. An enhancement in oleic acid (C18:1c9) level, occurred in erythrocytes but not in plasma. Conclusions: The LFC intake improves the FA composition of plasma and erythrocytes from overweight/obese and dyslipidemic patients.
Dairy intake and coronary heart disease or stroke--a population-based cohort study$$$ AIM: This study aimed to investigate the relationship between total dairy intake and dairy subtypes (high‐fat dairy, low‐fat dairy, milk and milk products, cheese and fermented dairy) with incident coronary heart disease (CHD) and stroke. METHODS: EPIC‐NL is a prospective cohort study among 33,625 Dutch men and women. At baseline (1993‐1997), dairy intake was measured with a validated food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). The incidence of both fatal and non‐fatal CHD and stroke was obtained by linkage to the national registers. RESULTS: During 13 years follow‐up, 1648 cases of CHD and 531 cases of stroke were documented. Total dairy intake was not significantly associated with risk of CHD (hazard ratio per standard deviation (SD) increase=0.99$$$ 95%‐CI: 0.94‐1.05) or stroke (0.95$$$ 0.85‐1.05) adjusted for lifestyle and dietary factors. None of the dairy subtypes was to CHD, while only fermented dairy tended to be associated (p=0.07) with a lower risk of stroke (0.92$$$ 0.83‐1.01). Hypertension appeared to modify the association of total and low‐fat dairy with CHD (p interaction<0.02). Among participants without hypertension, but not among hypertensive participants, total (0.92$$$ 0.85‐1.02) and low‐fat (0.94$$$ 0.87‐1.02) dairy tended to be associated with a lower risk of CHD. CONCLUSION: Our results provide no evidence that dairy products are associated with risk of CHD or stroke. High intakes of total and low‐fat dairy may be associated with a lower risk of CHD among participants without hypertension, while fermented dairy could be associated with a reduced risk of stroke.
A clinical trial to assess the effectiveness of Ayurvedic drugs to reduce toxic effects of chemotherapy and improving Quality of Life of breast cancer patients$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Suvarna bhasmadi Yoga â?? 395 mg , morning evening, with cowâ??s ghee for 10 months, 2. MauktikyuktaKamadudha â?? 500 mg morning evening, with cowâ??s ghee for 10 months, 3. Padmakadi Ghrut â?? 5 gr., After Lunch and dinner, for 10 months, 4. AnantaVati â?? 1 gr., after lunch and dinner, with water for 10 months : Patients from ICTRC will be in study group and get mentioned Ayurvedic medicines with chemotherapy Intervention2: A Padmakadi Ghrut: 5 gm, After Lunch and dinner, for 10 months Intervention3: A Ananta Vati: 1 gm, after lunch and dinner, with water for 10 months Intervention4: CHEMOTHERAPY/SBD/MKD/PD/AT: Patients will receive Anthracycline and / or Taxane based chemotherapy protocols, post‐surgery with conventional pre medication and post medication. Ayurvedic Medicines ‐ 1.Suvarnabhasmadi Yoga â?? 395 mg , morning evening, with cowâ??s ghee for 10 months, 2. MauktikyuktaKamadudha â?? 500 mg morning evening, with cowâ??s ghee for 10 months, 3. PadmakadiGhrut â?? 5 gr., After Lunch and dinner, for 10 months, 4. AnantaVati â?? 1 gr., after lunch and dinner, with water for 10 months Control Intervention1: CHEMOTHERAPY: Patients will receive Anthracycline and / or Taxane based chemotherapy protocols, post‐surgery with conventional pre medication and post medication . CONDITION: Health condition ‐ Breast Cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy, Problem studied ‐ Adverse effects of chemotherapy PRIMARY OUTCOME: Adverse effects of chemotherapy as per Common Toxicity Criteria (CTC)‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Day 0 (Before 1 chemo) , Day 7 (After7th day of 1 chemo), Day 21 (Before 2 chemo), Day 28(After7th day of 2 chemo), Day 42 (Before 3 chemo), Day 49 (After7th day of 3 chemo), Day 63 (Before 4 chemo), Day70 (After7th day of 4 chemo), Day84 (Before 5 chemo), Day 91(After 7th day of 5 chemo), Day 105 (Before 6 chemo) , Day 112 (After7th day of 6 chemo), Day 135 (1 month after last chemo) , 6 months after 1st chemo, 12 months after 1st chemo, 24 months after 1st chemo, 36 months after 1st chemo INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients who have undergone surgery (either BCS or MRM) with stage I, II and III disease, who are eligible for chemotherapy and who have normal Haemogram, LFT, KFT and 2D Echo SECONDARY OUTCOME: Blood Sugar‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Day 0(Before 1 chemo) Changes in CA 15.3‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Day 0 (Before 1 chemo) , Day 135 (1 month after last chemo) , 12 months after 1st chemo, 24 months after 1st chemo, 36 months after 1st chemo Changes in Heamogram‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Day 0 (Before 1 chemo) , Day 7 (After7th day of 1 chemo), Day 21 (Before 2 chemo), Day 28(After7th day of 2 chemo), Day 42 (Before 3 chemo), Day 49 (After7th day of 3 chemo), Day 63 (Before 4 chemo), Day70 (After7th day of 4 chemo), Day84 (Before 5 chemo), Day 91(After 7th day of 5 chemo), Day 105 (Before 6 chemo) , Day 112 (After7th day of 6 chemo), Day 135 (1 month after last chemo) , 6 months after 1st chemo, 12 months after 1st chemo, 24 months after 1st chemo, 36 months after 1st chemo Changes in Immunological Markers Like IL‐1, IL‐6, IL‐8, IL‐10, IFN Gamma, TNF Alpha, CRP‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Day 0 (Before 1 chemo) , Day 7 (After7th day of 1 chemo), Day 21 (Before 2 chemo), Day 42 (Before 3 chemo), Day 49 (After7th day of 3 chemo), Day 63 (Before 4 chemo), , Day84 (Before 5 chemo), , Day 105 (Before 6 chemo) , Day 112 (After7th day of 6 chemo), Day 135 (1 month after last chemo) , 12 months after 1st chemo, 24 months after 1st chemo, 36 months after 1st chemo Changes in Karnofsky score â?? For performance status‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Day 0 (Before 1 chemo) , Day 7 (After7th day of 1 chemo), Day 21 (Before 2 chemo), Day 28(After7th day of 2 chemo), Day 42 (Before 3 chemo), Day 49 (After7th day of 3 chemo), Day 63 (Before 4 chemo), Day70 (After7th day of 4 chemo), Day84 (Before 5 chemo), Day 91(After 7th day of 5 chemo), Day 105 (Before 6 chemo) , Day 112 (After7th day of 6 chemo), Day 135 (1 month after last chemo) , 6 months after 1st chemo, 12 months after 1st chemo, 24 months after 1st chemo, 36 months after 1st chemo Changes in Kidney Function Test‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Day 0 (Before 1 chemo) , Day 21 (Before 2 chemo), Day 42 (Before 3 chemo), Day 63 (Before 4 chemo), Day84 (Before 5 chemo), Day 105 (Before 6 chemo) , Day 135 (1 month after last chemo) , 6 months after 1st chemo, 12 months after 1st chemo, 24 months after 1st chemo, 36 months after 1st chemo Changes in Liver Function Test‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Day 0 (Before 1 chemo) , Day 112 (After7th day of 6 chemo), Day 135 (1 month after last chemo) , 6 months after 1st chemo, 12 months after 1st chemo, 24 months after 1st chemo, 36 months after 1st chemo Changes in Oxidative stress by Catalase, SOD, GST,GSTP1 Hypermethylation‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Day 0 (Before 1 chemo) , Day 7 (After7th day of 1 chemo), Day 21 (Before 2 chemo), Day 42 (Before 3 chemo), Day 49 (After7th day of 3 chemo), Day 63 (Before 4 chemo), , Day84 (Before 5 chemo), , Day 105 (Before 6 chemo) , Day 112 (After7th day of 6 chemo), Day 135 (1 month after last chemo) , 12 months after 1st chemo, 24 months after 1st chemo, 36 months after 1st chemo Changes in Quality of Life Questionnaires (QLQ C30 and BR 23) of EORTC for Quality of Life $$$ ‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Day 0 (Before 1 chemo) , Day 7 (After7th day of 1 chemo), Day 21 (Before 2 chemo), Day 28(After7th day of 2 chemo), Day 42 (Before 3 chemo), Day 49 (After7th day of 3 chemo), Day 63 (Before 4 chemo), Day70 (After7th day of 4 chemo), Day84 (Before 5 chemo), Day 91(After 7th day of 5 chemo), Day 105 (Before 6 chemo) , Day 112 (After7th day of 6 chemo), Day 135 (1 month after last chemo) , 6 months after 1st chemo, 12 months after 1st chemo, 24 months after 1st chemo, 36 months after 1st chemo For assessment of recurrence or metastasis, clinical examination, CT scan (head and neck), X‐ray chest, and other imaging techniques‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: if required
The effects of proteins and medium-chain fatty acids from milk on body composition, insulin sensitivity and blood pressure in abdominally obese adults$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: To investigate whether intake of whey protein and butter naturally enriched in medium‐chain fatty acids (MC‐SFAs) (C6‐C12) affected body composition, insulin sensitivity, blood pressure (BP) and plasma cholesterol concentrations. SUBJECTS/METHODS: A 12‐week randomised, double‐blinded, intervention study was completed in 52 abdominally obese adults. Subjects were assigned to one of four dietary supplementations: 63 g per day of milk fat with either high‐ (8.5 g per day) or low‐MC‐SFA (6.9 g per day) content combined with 60 g per day of whey or casein.We examined changes in the body composition by dual‐energy X‐ray absorption scan, insulin sensitivity using homoeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA‐IR) and Matsuda index, and diurnal BP and plasma cholesterol concentrations. Two‐factor analysis of variance was used to examine the impact of MC‐SFA content and protein type. RESULTS: We observed that lean body mass increased by 981 g (95% confidence interval (CI): 248‐1713$$$ P=0.010) after high‐MC‐SFA compared with low‐MC‐SFA supplementation. Concomitantly, total body‐fat percentage increased by 0.70 percentage points (95% CI: 0.10‐1.31$$$ P=0.024) after intake of low‐MC‐SFA butter compared with intake of high‐MC‐SFA butter. Both changes were independent of protein type (P=0.96 and P=0.99, respectively). We found no difference in HOMA‐IR, Matsuda index, diurnal BP or plasma cholesterol concentrations related to MC‐SFA content or protein type. CONCLUSIONS: Enhanced intake of MC‐SFA increased the lean body mass and caused a significantly lower total body‐fat percentage compared with lower intake of MC‐SFA. Consequently, the composition of dairy fat should be considered when evaluating the impact of dairy products on body composition.
A study to compare the use of prebiotics and probiotics for sugar control in patients with uncontrolled diabetes$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Prebiotic rich diabetic diet: stipulated 50g of fibre ENERGY(1805K.CAL) PROTEIN(58GM) CHOLESTEROL(257GM) FAT(46GM) FIBRE(54.31GM) The patient will need to consume the said amount of fibre on a daily basis for a duration of 3 months Intervention2: Probiotic rich diabetic diet: 600ml of curd (no milk allowed) ENERGY(1805K.CAL) PROTEIN(63GM) CHO(271GM) FAT(46GM) FIBRE(47GM) The patient will be on the said diet, to be followed daily, for a duration of 3 months. Control Intervention1: Standard diabetic diet: 1800kCal diet ENERGY(1805K.CAL) PROTEIN(60GM) CHOLESTEROL(269GM) FAT(44GM) FIBRE (43GM) The patient will be on the said diet, to be followed daily, for a duration of 3 months. CONDITION: Health Condition 1: E119‐ Type 2 diabetes mellitus without complications PRIMARY OUTCOME: HbA1c levels $$$ Fasting and post‐prandial sugar levels $$$ Timepoint: At recruitment $$$ After 3 months on study diet $$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: a.Reduction in blood pressure $$$ b.Reduction in lipid levels $$$ c.Reduction in visceral fat mass $$$ d.Reduction in weight $$$ e.Change in quality of life $$$ f.Side effects and incidenceTimepoint: At recruitment $$$ After 3 months on study diet INCLUSION CRITERIA: Adult ( >18yrs) type 2 diabetes mellitus patients Uncontrolled diabetes (HbA1c: 7.5 ‐ 8.5) On stable treatment for the past 3 months
After Chemotherapy Treatment for Maternal Cancer during Pregnancy, Is Breastfeeding Possible?$$$ Objective: To report breastfeeding complaints of women diagnosed with cancer during pregnancy and correlate success with characteristics of their treatment. Materials and Methods: This is a prospective cohort study of women diagnosed with cancer during pregnancy who attempted breastfeeding. We surveyed participants about breast engorgement, milk let down, and consistent breast milk production through mailed questionnaires. Treatment details, including the type and number of chemotherapy cycles given during pregnancy and antepartum or postpartum depression, were collected. A single pathologist evaluated surgical specimens to note lactational changes while blinded to patient's treatment. The primary endpoint was successful breastfeeding without reporting any lack of or decreased breast milk production. Results: When comparing women who underwent chemotherapy during pregnancy to women who did not, there was a significant difference in reporting a lack of or a perceived decrease in breast milk supply and the need to provide supplemental feeding to their infants (63.5% and 9%, respectively, p < 0.001). In the women who received chemotherapy, there was no significant difference in maternal age, cancer type, or stage with regard to breastfeeding difficulties. Gestational age at the first cycle and the number of cycles were significant factors associated with breastfeeding difficulties (p = 0.006 and p = 0.0003, respectively). Antepartum and postpartum depression was not associated with decreased breast milk production. A lack of lactational changes and significant lobular atrophy were noted in the women given neoadjuvant chemotherapy. Conclusion: Women who undergo chemotherapy during a pregnancy are more likely to report breastfeeding difficulties.
Consumption of Kefir Made with Traditional Microorganisms Resulted in Greater Improvements in LDL Cholesterol and Plasma Markers of Inflammation in Males when Compared to a Commercial Kefir: a Randomized Pilot Study$$$ Kefir has long been associated with health benefits$$$ however, recent evidence suggests that these benefits are dependent on the specific microbial composition of the kefir consumed. This study aimed to compare how consumption of a commercial kefir without traditional kefir organisms and a pitched kefir containing traditional organisms affected plasma lipid levels, glucose homeostasis, and markers of endothelial function and inflammation in males with elevated LDL cholesterol. We utilized a crossover design in n = 21 participants consisting of two treatments of 4 weeks each in random order separated by a 4‐week washout. Participants received either commercial kefir or pitched kefir containing traditional kefir organisms for each treatment period. Participants consumed 2 servings of kefir (350 g) per day. Plasma lipid profile, glucose, insulin, markers of endothelial function, and inflammation were measured in the fasting state before and after each treatment period. Differences within each treatment period and comparison of treatment delta values were performed using paired t tests and Wilcoxon signed‐rank test, respectively. When compared to baseline, pitched kefir consumption reduced LDL‐C, ICAM‐1, and VCAM‐1, while commercial kefir consumption increased TNF‐α. Pitched kefir consumption resulted in greater reductions in IL‐8, CRP, VCAM‐1, and TNF‐α when compared to commercial kefir consumption. These findings provide strong evidence that microbial composition is an important factor in the metabolic health benefits associated with kefir consumption. They also provide support for larger studies examining these to assess whether traditional kefir organisms are necessary to confer health benefits to individuals at risk of developing cardiovascular disease.
Dairy matrix effects: response to consumption of dairy fat differs when eaten within the cheese matrix-a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Dairy fat consumed as cheese has different effects on blood lipids than that consumed as butter. It is unknown whether the effect is specific to fat interaction with other cheese nutrients (calcium, casein proteins), or to the cheese matrix itself. Objective: We aimed to test the effect of 6 wk daily consumption of ∼40 g dairy fat, eaten within macronutrient‐matched food matrices, on markers of metabolic health, in overweight adults aged ≥50 y. Design: The study was a 6‐wk randomized parallel intervention$$$ 164 volunteers (75 men) received ∼40 g of dairy fat/d, in 1 of 4 treatments: (A) 120 g full‐fat Irish cheddar cheese (FFCC) (n = 46)$$$ (B) 120 g reduced‐fat Irish cheddar cheese + butter (21 g) (RFC + B) (n = 45)$$$ (C) butter (49 g), calcium caseinate powder (30 g), and Ca supplement (CaCO3) (500 mg) (BCC) (n = 42)$$$ or (D) 120 g FFCC, for 6 wk (as per A) (n = 31). Group D first completed a 6‐wk "run‐in" period, where they excluded all dietary cheese before commencing the intervention. Results: There was no difference in anthropometry, fasting glucose, or insulin between the groups at pre‐ or postintervention. However, a stepwise‐matrix effect was observed between the groups for total cholesterol (TC) (P = 0.033) and LDL cholesterol (P = 0.026), with significantly lower postintervention TC (mean ± SD) (5.23 ± 0.88 mmol/L) and LDL cholesterol (2.97 ± 0.67 mmol/L) when all of the fat was contained within the cheese matrix (Group A), compared with Group C when it was not (TC: 5.57 ± 0.86 mmol/L$$$ LDL cholesterol: 3.43 ± 0.78 mmol/L). Conclusion: Dairy fat, eaten in the form of cheese, appears to differently affect blood lipids compared with the same constituents eaten in different matrices, with significantly lower total cholesterol observed when all nutrients are consumed within a cheese matrix This trial was registered at ISRCTN as ISRCTN86731958.
Enzymatically hydrolyzed lactotripeptides do not lower blood pressure in mildly hypertensive subjects$$$ BACKGROUND: Several placebo‐controlled clinical studies suggest that products containing isoleucyl‐prolyl‐proline and valyl‐prolyl‐proline are able to lower blood pressure without adverse effects. The most efficient way of producing high concentrations of these lactotripeptides (LTPs) is enzymatic hydrolysis of dairy protein (casein) with the use of a mixture of several enzymes derived from the nongenetically modified organism Aspergillus oryzae, including proteases and peptidases. To date, no large studies of the blood pressure‐lowering properties of enzymatically produced LTP (ELTP) powder in European populations have been published. OBJECTIVE: This study was performed to evaluate the hypothesis that consumption of ELTP in a yogurt beverage for 8 wk significantly lowers blood pressure. DESIGN: In this multicenter, double‐blind, parallel, placebo‐controlled trial, office blood pressure was evaluated in 275 Dutch hypertensive subjects. Blood pressures and body weight were measured on several days at baseline and at weeks 4 and 8 of the intervention between 2.5 and 3 h after intake of the test product. Twenty‐four‐h urine samples were collected at baseline and at the end of the intervention for urinalysis of sodium, potassium, creatinine, and microalbumin excretion. RESULTS: The results showed that 10.2 mg ELTP/d does not lead to a reduction in systolic blood pressure (P = 0.66) or diastolic blood pressure (P = 0.72) compared with placebo. CONCLUSION: This study showed no effect of an ELTP‐enriched yogurt beverage on blood pressure in hypertensive subjects in a fairly large study.
Changes in dietary intake, food tolerance, hedonic hunger, binge eating problems, and gastrointestinal symptoms after sleeve gastrectomy compared with after gastric bypass$$$ 1-year results from the Oseberg study-a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: The randomized Oseberg study compared the effects of sleeve gastrectomy (SG) and Roux‐en‐Y gastric bypass (RYGB), on the 1‐y remission of type 2 diabetes and β‐cell function (primary outcomes). However, little is known about the comparable effects of SG and RYGB on the changes in dietary intakes, eating behavior, and gastrointestinal discomfort. OBJECTIVES: To compare 1‐y changes in intakes of macro‐ and micronutrients, food groups, food tolerance, hedonic hunger, binge eating, and gastrointestinal symptoms after SG and RYGB. METHODS: Among others, prespecified secondary outcomes were dietary intake, food tolerance, hedonic hunger, binge eating, and gastrointestinal symptoms assessed with a food frequency questionnaire, food tolerance questionnaire, Power of food scale, Binge eating scale, and Gastrointestinal symptom rating scale, respectively. RESULTS: A total of 109 patients (66% females), with mean (SD) age 47.7 (9.6) y and body mass index of 42.3 (5.3) kg/m2, were allocated to SG (n = 55) or RYGB (n = 54). The SG group had, compared with the RYGB group, greater 1‐y reductions in the intakes of: protein, mean (95% CI) between‐group difference, ‐13 (‐24.9, ‐1.2) g$$$ fiber, ‐4.9 (‐8.2, ‐1.6) g$$$ magnesium, ‐77 (‐147, ‐6) mg$$$ potassium, ‐640 (‐1237, ‐44) mg$$$ and fruits and berries, ‐65 (‐109, ‐20) g. Further, the intake of yogurt and fermented milk products increased by >2‐folds after RYGB but remained unchanged after SG. In addition, hedonic hunger and binge eating problems declined similarly after both surgeries, whereas most gastrointestinal symptoms and food tolerance remained stable at 1 y. CONCLUSIONS: The 1‐y changes in dietary intakes of fiber and protein after both surgical procedures, but particularly after SG, were unfavorable with regard to current dietary guidelines. For clinical practice, our findings suggest that health care providers and patients should focus on sufficient intakes of protein, fiber, and vitamin and mineral supplementation after both SG and RYGB. This trial was registered at [clinicaltrials.gov] as [NCT01778738].
Role of Calcium and Low-Fat Dairy Foods in Weight-Loss Outcomes Revisited: results from the Randomized Trial of Effects on Bone and Body Composition in Overweight/Obese Postmenopausal Women$$$ Several studies have investigated the possibility of dairy foods and calcium (Ca) mediating weight and body composition, but a consensus has not been reached. We aimed to investigate weight‐loss‐related outcomes during intervention with low‐fat dairy foods or Ca + vitamin D supplements, both as complements to hypocaloric diets. Overweight/obese Caucasian, early‐postmenopausal women (n = 135) were recruited for a 6 month energy‐restricted weight loss study complemented with either low‐fat dairy foods (D$$$ 4–5 servings/day), or Ca + vitamin D supplements (S)$$$ both to amount a total of 1500 mg/day and 600 IU/day of Ca and vitamin D, respectively, or placebo pills (C). Bone mineral density (BMD) and lean and fat tissue were measured by Lunar iDXA. Serum and urinary markers of bone turnover were analyzed. Diet and physical activity were assessed with 3‐day records. Participants on average lost 4%, 3%, and 2% of body weight, fat, and lean tissue, respectively. The significantly better outcomes were noticed in participants in the D group regarding body composition (fat loss/lean tissue preservation) and in participants in the S group regarding the BMD outcomes, compared to those in the C group. Therefore, increasing low‐fat dairy foods to 4–5 servings/day and/or increasing Ca & vitamin D intake by supplements (in those who are at the borderline dietary intake) may be beneficial for weight loss/maintenance and may lead to more favorable bone and body composition outcomes in postmenopausal women during moderate weight loss.
Application of BASNEF educational model for nutritional education among elderly patients with type 2 diabetes: improving the glycemic control$$$ BACKGROUND: The objective of this study was to determine the effects of nutritional educational program on glycemic control of elderly patients with type 2 diabetes. METHODS: In this parallel randomized controlled educational trial, 100 diabetic elderly patients (≥60 years) were chosen (50 in control and 50 in test group). Nutrition education based on beliefs, attitudes, subjective norms and enabling factors (BASNEF model) was conducted. Dietary intake and glycemic indices as well as the components of the BASNEF model were assessed. The four 70‐minute educational sessions were conducted in one month. Three months after training intervention, questionnaire was completed again and blood tests were performed. RESULTS: Increased intake in the mean daily servings of fruits (0.91± 0.82 vs. 0.17±0.79$$$ p < 0.001), vegetables (0.87±0.86 vs. 0.03±1$$$ p < 0.001) and dairy (0.35±0.52 vs. and 0.12±0.76$$$ p < 0.001) were reported in the intervention group compared to the control group (p < 0.001). The amount of fruits, vegetables and dairy increased in the intervention group at the end of the study (p < 0.001). However, it was not significantly changed in the control group. HbA1c and fasting blood sugar (FBS) levels decreased significantly in the interventional group compared to the control group (p < 0.001). Comparing the amount of FBS and HbA1c at the end of the study with the baseline measurements showed significant reduction in interventional group (p < 0.001). However, there was no significant change in control group in this regard. CONCLUSIONS: BASNEF‐based nutritional educational intervention improved dietary intakes as well as glycemic control, 3 months after intervention.
Using a Paleo Ratio to Assess Adherence to Paleolithic Dietary Recommendations in a Randomized Controlled Trial of Individuals with Type 2 Diabetes$$$ This study is a secondary analysis of a randomized controlled trial using Paleolithic diet and exercise in individuals with type 2 diabetes. We hypothesized that increased adherence to the Paleolithic diet was associated with greater effects on blood pressure, blood lipids and HbA1c independent of weight loss. Participants were asked to follow a Paleolithic diet for 12 weeks and were randomized to supervised exercise or general exercise recommendations. Four‐day food records were analyzed, and food items characterized as “Paleolithic” or “not Paleolithic”. Foods considered Paleolithic were lean meat, poultry, fish, seafood, fruits, nuts, berries, seeds, vegetables, and water to drink$$$ “not Paleolithic” were legumes, cereals, sugar, salt, processed foods, and dairy products. A Paleo ratio was calculated by dividing the Paleolithic calorie intake by total calorie intake. A mul‐tiple regression model predicted the outcome at 12 weeks using the Paleo ratio, group affiliation, and outcome at baseline as predictors. The Paleo ratio increased from 28% at baseline to 94% after the intervention. A higher Paleo ratio was associated with lower fat mass, BMI, waist circumference, sys‐tolic blood pressure, and serum triglycerides at 12 weeks, but not with lower HbA1c levels. The Paleo ratio predicted triglyceride levels independent of weight loss (p = 0.046). Moreover, an increased monounsaturated/saturated fatty acids ratio and an increased polyunsaturated/saturated fatty acids ratio was associated with lower triglyceride levels independent of weight loss. (p = 0.017 and p = 0.019 respectively). We conclude that a higher degree of adherence to the Paleolithic diet recommendations improved fat quality and was associated with improved triglyceride levels independent of weight loss among individuals with type 2 diabetes.
A Randomized, Placebo-Controlled Crossover Study to Evaluate the Effect of a Natural Powder Blend (Mulberry Leaf Extract [MLE], Vitamin D, Chromium, and Fiber) on Postprandial (PP) Metabolic Response in Type 2 Diabetes (T2D)$$$ MLE contains iminosugar alkaloids (of which 1‐deoxynojirimycin [DNJ] is most abundant), and phenolic and flavonoid functional ingredients, which can modulate PP metabolism. We tested a 2 g powder blend of 250 mg MLE (containing 12.5 mg DNJ) combined with fibre (1.75 g), vit D (0.75 μg), and chromium (75 μg), versus placebo (PBO), in a double‐blind RCT. In this two‐center (US, Singapore), single‐intervention study, in people with T2D (drug‐naïve or on metformin) with Asian race, the powder was sprinkled over a 350 kcal breakfast meal (white bread, cheese, apple juice [55.4 g carbs]), consumed after a 10h fast. PP blood glucose and insulin were assessed over 3h. Thirty individuals (mean age 59 years, HbA1c 7.1%, BMI 26.5 kg/m2) were enrolled. Compared to PBO, the MLE‐blend significantly reduced PP incremental area under the glucose curve (iAUC), at 1h (‐20%, p<0.0001), 2h (‐17%, p=0.0001), and 3h (‐15%, p=0.0032) (Figure). A significant 1hduction in insulin iAUC (‐24%, p=0.0236) was also observed, but not at 2h, or 3h (Figure). Compared to PBO, a 2 g natural powder blend of MLE, fibre, Vit D and chromium significantly reduced the overall glycemic burden and early insulin response of a carbohydrate‐rich breakfast in T2D, suggesting its use as a convenient dietary adjuvant to improve PP metabolic response.
A Randomized, Placebo-Controlled Crossover Study to Evaluate the Effect of a Natural Powder Blend (Mulberry Leaf Extract [MLE], Vitamin D, Chromium, and Fiber) on Postprandial (PP) Metabolic Response in Type 2 Diabetes (T2D)$$$ MLE contains iminosugar alkaloids (of which 1‐deoxynojirimycin [DNJ] is most abundant) , and phenolic and flavonoid functional ingredients, which can modulate PP metabolism. We tested a 2 g powder blend of 250 mg MLE (containing 12.5 mg DNJ) combined with fibre (1.75 g) , vit D (0.75 μg) , and chromium (75 μg) , versus placebo (PBO) , in a double‐blind RCT. In this two‐center (US, Singapore) , single‐intervention study, in people with T2D (drug‐naïve or on metformin) with Asian race, the powder was sprinkled over a 350 kcal breakfast meal (white bread, cheese, apple juice [55.4 g carbs]) , consumed after a 10h fast. PP blood glucose and insulin were assessed over 3h. Thirty individuals (mean age 59 years, HbA1c 7.1%, BMI 26.5 kg/m2 ) were enrolled. Compared to PBO, the MLE‐blend significantly reduced PP incremental area under the glucose curve (iAUC) , at 1h (‐20%, p<0.0001) , 2h (‐17%, p=0.0001) , and 3h (‐15%, p=0.0032) (Figure) . A significant 1h‐reduction in insulin iAUC (‐24%, p=0.0236) was also observed, but not at 2h, or 3h (Figure) . Compared to PBO, a 2 g natural powder blend of MLE, fibre, Vit D and chromium significantly reduced the overall glycemic burden and early insulin response of a carbohydrate‐rich breakfast in T2D, suggesting its use as a convenient dietary adjuvant to improve PP metabolic response.
Probiotic reduces bacterial translocation in type 2 diabetes mellitus: a randomised controlled study$$$ Gut bacterial translocation to the blood may play an important role in the development of insulin resistance in type 2 diabetes. Here, we performed an interventional randomised control study to investigate whether probiotics could reduce bacterial translocation and cause changes in the gut microbiota. Seventy Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes were randomised to two groups: the probiotic group drank Lactobacillus casei strain Shirota‐fermented milk, while the control group ingested no probiotics. The trial was conducted for 16 weeks. At baseline, 8 and 16 weeks, the gut microbiota composition in feces and blood, fecal organic acids, and other biochemical parameters were measured. At the end of the study, the fecal counts of the Clostridium coccoides group and Clostridium leptum subgroup in the probiotic group were significantly higher than in the control group. As expected, the fecal counts of total Lactobacillus were significantly higher in the probiotic group. Intriguingly, the total count of blood bacteria was significantly lower in the probiotic group. However, fecal organic acids were comparable between the two groups. Our results showed that probiotic administration reduced bacterial translocation and altered the gut microbiota in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Effect of L. acidophilus and B. lactis on blood glucose in women with gestational diabetes mellitus: a randomized placebo-controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a complication of pregnancy that can be associated with neonatal complications and adverse pregnancy outcomes. Recently, probiotic use has been proposed for better control of glucose in GDM patients. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of probiotic yoghurt compare with ordinary yoghurt on GDM women. METHODS: In this double‐blind placebo‐controlled clinical trial, 84 pregnant women with GDM were randomly assigned into two groups of 42 recipients who underwent 300 g/day of probiotic yoghurt or placebo for 8 weeks. Blood glucose, HbA1c, and the outcome of pregnancy were compared between the two groups after the intervention. RESULTS: According to the findings of present trial no significant differences were observed in general characteristics between the two groups (p > 0.05). Both fasting and post prandial blood glucose as well as the level of HbA1c were decreased significantly in probiotic group (p < 0.05), although these changes are not statistically significant in the placebo group. The between group differences was significant after the 2 month intervention (p < 0.05). Neonates born of probiotic group mothers, have significantly lower weight and fewer macrosome neonates were born in this group compared with control group (p < 0.05). However, no difference was observed in other values of outcome. CONCLUSIONS: Our study revealed that better control of blood glucose can be achieved by consumption of probiotic yoghurt in patients whose pregnancy is complicated by GDM, compared with placebo. Also incidence of macrosomia may be decreased by this regimen.
Effect of L. acidophilus and B. lactis on blood glucose in women with gestational diabetes mellitus: a randomized placebo-controlled trial$$$ Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a complication of pregnancy that can be associated with neonatal complications and adverse pregnancy outcomes. Recently, probiotic use has been proposed for better control of glucose in GDM patients. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of probiotic yoghurt compare with ordinary yoghurt on GDM women. Methods: In this double‐blind placebo‐controlled clinical trial, 84 pregnant women with GDM were randomly assigned into two groups of 42 recipients who underwent 300 g/day of probiotic yoghurt or placebo for 8 weeks. Blood glucose, HbA1c, and the outcome of pregnancy were compared between the two groups after the intervention. Results: According to the findings of present trial no significant differences were observed in general characteristics between the two groups (p > 0.05). Both fasting and post prandial blood glucose as well as the level of HbA1c were decreased significantly in probiotic group (p < 0.05), although these changes are not statistically significant in the placebo group. The between group differences was significant after the 2 month intervention (p < 0.05). Neonates born of probiotic group mothers, have significantly lower weight and fewer macrosome neonates were born in this group compared with control group (p < 0.05). However, no difference was observed in other values of outcome. Conclusions: Our study revealed that better control of blood glucose can be achieved by consumption of probiotic yoghurt in patients whose pregnancy is complicated by GDM, compared with placebo. Also incidence of macrosomia may be decreased by this regimen.
Effects of a dairy product (pecorino cheese) naturally rich in cis-9, trans-11 conjugated linoleic acid on lipid, inflammatory and haemorheological variables: a dietary intervention study$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIM: Some studies recently reported a favourable effect for cis‐9, trans‐11 conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) on plasma lipoprotein profile of healthy subjects. Aim of this crossover intervention study was to evaluate the influence of a short‐term dietary intake of a cheese derived from sheep's milk naturally rich in CLA on several atherosclerotic biomarkers, in comparison with a commercially available cheese. METHODS AND RESULTS: Ten subjects (6 F$$$ 4 M) with a median age of 51.5 followed for 10 weeks a diet containing 200 g/week of cheese naturally rich in CLA (intervention period) and for the same period a diet containing a commercially available cheese of the same quantity (placebo period). Consumption of the dairy product naturally rich in cis‐9, trans‐11 CLA determined a significant (p<0.05) reduction in inflammatory parameters such as interleukin‐6 (pre: 8.08+/‐1.57 vs. post: 4.58+/‐0.94 pg/mL), interleukin‐8 (pre: 45.02+/‐5.82 vs. post: 28.59+/‐2.64 pg/mL), and tumour necrosis factor‐alpha (pre: 53.58+/‐25.67 vs. post: 32.09+/‐17.42 pg/mL) whereas no significant differences in the placebo period were observed. With regard to haemorheological parameters, the test period significantly ameliorated erythrocytes' filtration rate (pre: 7.61+/‐0.71% vs. post: 9.12+/‐0.97%$$$ p=0.03) with respect to the placebo period. Moreover, a reduction in the extent of platelet aggregation, induced by arachidonic acid [pre: 87.8+/‐1.76% vs. post: 77.7+/‐3.56%$$$ p=0.04] was observed during the test period in comparison with the placebo period. CONCLUSIONS: Dietary short‐term intake of the tested dairy product naturally rich in cis‐9, trans‐11 CLA appeared to cause favourable biochemical changes of atherosclerotic markers.
Study to evaluate the efficacy of a blend of rice bran oil and safflower oil in comparison with routinely consumed oil in adult hyperlipidemic subjects$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: A blend of rice bran oil and safflower oil (7:3) with antioxidants: Subjects will be provided with the food prepared in blend of rice bran oil and safflower oil (7:3). Dose: 1 litre/subject/month, Frequency: Three times a day, Duration: 90 days and Route Of Adminitration: Oral Control Intervention1: Routinely consumed oil: Subjects will be advised to consume food prepared in regularly consumed cooking oil (Coconut, sunflower, palm, ghee or corn). Dose: 1 litre/subject/month, Frequency: Three times a day, Duration: 90 days and Route Of Adminitration: Oral CONDITION: Hyperlipidemic PRIMARY OUTCOME: To evaluate the effect of treatment on LDLâ??C level in comparison with the control treatment.‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 105 Days from Baseline Visit SECONDARY OUTCOME: To evaluate the effect of treatment on following parameters such as TC, HDL, VLDL, TG, Lp(a), Apolipoprotein B, Apolipoprotein A, homocystine, hsCRP, ox LDL, TNF â?? Î±, HbA1c, BMI, body fat composition and waist circumference.‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 105 Days from Baseline Visit INCLUSION CRITERIA: â?¢Patients of either sex in the age group between 25 to 45 years â?¢ LDL levels ( â?¥ 130 mg/dL and < 190mg/dL) â?¢ Baseline Triglycerides in the range > 160 mg/dL â?¢ Patient with body mass index of >18.5kg/m2 and < 30 kg/m2 â?¢ Untreated Dyslipidemia â?¢ Willingness to maintain current activity levels and follow the prescribed diet
Dietary fat and not calcium supplementation or dairy product consumption is associated with changes in anthropometrics during a randomized, placebo-controlled energy-restriction trial$$$ Insufficient calcium intake has been proposed to cause unbalanced energy partitioning leading to obesity. However, weight loss interventions including dietary calcium or dairy product consumption have not reported changes in lipid metabolism measured by the plasma lipidome. METHODS: The objective of this study was to determine the relationships between dairy product or supplemental calcium intake with changes in the plasma lipidome and body composition during energy restriction. A secondary objective of this study was to explore the relationships among calculated macronutrient composition of the energy restricted diet to changes in the plasma lipidome, and body composition during energy restriction. Overweight adults (n = 61) were randomized into one of three intervention groups including a deficit of 500kcal/d: 1) placebo$$$ 2) 900 mg/d calcium supplement$$$ and 3) 3‐4 servings of dairy products/d plus a placebo supplement. Plasma fatty acid methyl esters of cholesterol ester, diacylglycerol, free fatty acids, lysophosphatidylcholine, phosphatidylcholine, phosphatidylethanolamine and triacylglycerol were quantified by capillary gas chromatography. RESULTS: After adjustments for energy and protein (g/d) intake, there was no significant effect of treatment on changes in weight, waist circumference or body composition. Plasma lipidome did not differ among dietary treatment groups. Stepwise regression identified correlations between reported intake of monounsaturated fat (% of energy) and changes in % lean mass (r = ‐0.44, P < 0.01) and % body fat (r = 0.48, P < 0.001). Polyunsaturated fat intake was associated with the % change in waist circumference (r = 0.44, P < 0.01). Dietary saturated fat was not associated with any changes in anthropometrics or the plasma lipidome. CONCLUSIONS: Dairy product consumption or calcium supplementation during energy restriction over the course of 12 weeks did not affect plasma lipids. Independent of calcium and dairy product consumption, short‐term energy restriction altered body composition. Reported dietary fat composition of energy restricted diets was associated with the degree of change in body composition in these overweight and obese individuals.
Partial Meal Replacement Plan and Quality of the Diet at 1 Year: action for Health in Diabetes (Look AHEAD) Trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Little is known about diet quality with a reduced‐energy, low‐fat, partial meal replacement plan, especially in individuals with type 2 diabetes. The Action for Health in Diabetes (Look AHEAD) trial implemented a partial meal replacement plan in the Intensive Lifestyle Intervention. OBJECTIVE: To compare dietary intake and percent meeting fat‐related and food group dietary recommendations in Intensive Lifestyle Intervention and Diabetes Support and Education groups at 12 months. DESIGN: A randomized controlled trial comparing Intensive Lifestyle Intervention with Diabetes Support and Education at 0 and 12 months. PARTICIPANTS/SETTING: From 16 US sites, the first 50% of participants (aged 45 to 76 years, overweight or obese, with type 2 diabetes) were invited to complete dietary assessments. Complete 0‐ and 12‐month dietary assessments (collected between 2001 and 2004) were available for 2,397 participants (46.6% of total participants), with 1,186 randomized to Diabetes Support and Education group and 1,211 randomized to Intensive Lifestyle Intervention group. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: A food frequency questionnaire assessed intake: energy$$$ percent energy from protein, fat, carbohydrate, polyunsaturated fatty acids, and saturated fats$$$ trans‐fatty acids$$$ cholesterol$$$ fiber$$$ weekly meal replacements$$$ and daily servings from food groups from the Food Guide Pyramid. STATISTICAL ANALYSES PERFORMED: Mixed‐factor analyses of covariance, using Proc MIXED with a repeated statement, with age, sex, race/ethnicity, education, and income controlled. Unadjusted χ² tests compared percent meeting fat‐related and food group recommendations at 12 months. RESULTS: At 12 months, Intensive Lifestyle Intervention participants had a significantly lower fat and cholesterol intake and greater fiber intake than Diabetes Support and Education participants. Intensive Lifestyle Intervention participants consumed more servings per day of fruits$$$ vegetables$$$ and milk, yogurt, and cheese$$$ and fewer servings per day of fats, oils, and sweets than Diabetes Support and Education participants. A greater percentage of Intensive Lifestyle Intervention participants than Diabetes Support and Education participants met fat‐related and most food group recommendations. Within Intensive Lifestyle Intervention, a greater percentage of participants consuming two or more meal replacements per day than participants consuming less than one meal replacement per day met most fat‐related and food group recommendations. CONCLUSIONS: The partial meal replacement plan consumed by Intensive Lifestyle Intervention participants was related to superior diet quality.
Elevations in plasma glucagon are associated with reduced insulin clearance after ingestion of a mixed-macronutrient meal in people with and without type 2 diabetes$$$ Aims/hypothesis: The temporal suppression of insulin clearance after glucose ingestion is a key determinant of glucose tolerance for people without type 2 diabetes. Whether similar adaptations are observed after the ingestion of a mixed‐macronutrient meal is unclear. Methods: In a secondary analysis of data derived from two randomised, controlled trials, we studied the temporal responses of insulin clearance after the ingestion of a standardised breakfast meal consisting of cereal and milk in lean normoglycaemic individuals (n=12$$$ Lean‐NGT), normoglycaemic individuals with central obesity (n=11$$$ Obese‐NGT) and in people with type 2 diabetes (n=19). Pre‐hepatic insulin secretion rates were determined by the deconvolution of C‐peptide, and insulin clearance was calculated using a single‐pool model. Insulin sensitivity was measured by an oral minimal model. Results: There were divergent time course changes in insulin clearance between groups. In the Lean‐NGT group, there was an immediate post‐meal increase in insulin clearance compared with pre‐meal values (p<0.05), whereas insulin clearance remained stable at baseline values in Obese‐NGT or declined slightly in the type 2 diabetes group (p<0.05). The mean AUC for insulin clearance during the test was 40% lower in the Obese‐NGT (1.3 ± 0.4 l min−1 m−2) and type 2 diabetes (1.4 ± 0.7 l min−1 m−2) groups compared with Lean‐NGT (1.9 ± 0.5 l min−1 m−2$$$ p<0.01), with no difference between the Obese‐NGT and type 2 diabetes groups. HOMA‐IR and glucagon AUC emerged as predictors of insulin clearance AUC, independent of BMI, age or insulin sensitivity (adjusted R2=0.670). Individuals with increased glucagon AUC had a 40% reduction in insulin clearance AUC ( −0.75 l min−1 m−2$$$ p<0.001). Conclusions/interpretation: The ingestion of a mixed‐macronutrient meal augments differing temporal profiles in insulin clearance among individuals without type 2 diabetes, which is associated with HOMA‐IR and the secretion of glucagon. Further research investigating the role of hepatic glucagon signalling in postprandial insulin kinetics is warranted. Trial registration: ISRCTN17563146 and ISRCTN95281775 Graphical Abstract: (Figure presented.)
The role of fatty acid saturation on plasma lipids, lipoproteins, and apolipoproteins: I. Effects of whole food diets high in cocoa butter, olive oil, soybean oil, dairy butter, and milk chocolate on the plasma lipids of young men$$$ The present studies were conducted to evaluate the cholesterolemic effects of whole‐food diets high in stearic acid. In study no. 1, normocholesterolemic young men were fed diets high in stearic acid provided by cocoa butter (CB)$$$ oleic acid provided by olive oil (OO)$$$ linoleic acid provided by soybean oil (SO)$$$ and myristic acid (and lauric acid) provided by dairy butter (B). In study no. 2, different subjects with similar baseline characteristics were fed diets high in stearic acid provided by milk chocolate (C), CB, CB+B (4:1, MIX), and myristic (and lauric) acid provided by B. Both studies used a randomized, crossover, double‐blind experimental design, and experimental subjects (n = 18 for study no. 1 and n = 15 for study no. 2) in each study consumed every diet for 26 days with a 1‐month wash‐out period between each experimental period. The diets provided 37% of calories from fat, of which 81% was provided by the test fat. Ten ounces (280 g) C was provided daily by the C diet. In study no. 1, the B diet was hypercholesterolemic, whereas the SO diet was hypocholesterolemic, compared with the other diets. The OO and SO diets were hypocholesterolemic compared with the CB diet. Low‐density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol levels, in general, paralleled the changes in plasma total cholesterol levels. SO significantly decreased apolipoprotein (apo) B levels compared with the other diets. Plasma very‐low density lipoprotein (VLDL) cholesterol, high‐density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, and apo A‐I levels were unaffected by the experimental diets.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
A potent steroid cream is superior to emollients in reducing acute radiation dermatitis in breast cancer patients treated with adjuvant radiotherapy. A randomised study of betamethasone versus two moisturizing creams$$$ BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: The aim was to investigate whether treatment with potent local steroids can reduce signs and symptoms of acute radiation dermatitis in breast cancer patients undergoing adjuvant radiotherapy (RT) compared to emollient creams. MATERIAL AND METHODS: The study was randomised and double‐blinded. Patients with breast cancer who had undergone mastectomy or breast‐conserving surgery were included when they started adjuvant 3‐D planned RT. In all, 104 patients were randomised 2:1:1 to three treatment groups, i.e. betamethasone+Essex® cream, Essex® cream or Canoderm® cream. The patients themselves treated the irradiated area during the radiation period (5 weeks) and two weeks after cessation of RT. Signs of RT dermatitis were measured qualitatively with RTOG clinical scoring and quantitatively by colorimeter. In addition, the patients' symptoms were recorded as well as the Fitzpatrick skin type. There was a statistically significant difference (p=0.05) in skin reactions when assessed with RTOG in favour of the group treated with the potent steroid. Patient‐related symptoms did not differ between the treatment groups. The effect of the steroid was prominent in three subgroups, i.e. (i) patients treated with ablation of the breast, (ii) patients receiving RT to the armpit and the supraclavicular fossa, and (iii) patients with Fitzpatrick skin type 1. CONCLUSIONS: Treatment with betamethasone cream is more efficient than moisturizers for the control of acute RT dermatitis in patients treated with adjuvant RT for breast cancer.
The impact of heat-set milk protein gel textures modified by pH on circulating amino acid appearance and gastric function in healthy female adults: a randomised controlled trial$$$ Modification of dairy proteins during processing impacts structural assemblies, influencing textural and nutritional properties of dairy products, and release and availability of amino acids during digestion. By modifying only pH, acid heat‐set bovine dairy gels with divergent textural properties were developed to alter protein digestion. In vitro assay confirmed faster digestion of protein from a firm gel (pH 5.65) versus a soft gel (pH 6.55). We hypothesised that firm gel (FIRM‐G$$$ pH 5.6) would result in greater indispensable amino acid (IAA) appearance in circulation over 5 h and corresponding differences in gastric myoelectrical activity relative to soft gel (SOFT‐G$$$ pH 6.2). In a randomised, single‐blind cross‐over trial, healthy females (n = 20) consumed 150 g of each gel$$$ plasma amino acid appearance was assessed over 5 hours. Iso‐nitrogenous, iso‐caloric gels were prepared from identical mixtures of bovine milk and whey protein concentrates$$$ providing 17.7 g (FIRM‐G) and 18.9 g (SOFT‐G) of protein per serving. Secondary outcomes included gastric myoelectrical activity measured by body surface gastric mapping, glycaemic, triglyceridaemic, and subjective appetite and digestive responses. Overall plasma IAA (area under the curve) did not differ between gels. However, plasma IAA concentrations were higher, and increased more rapidly over time after SOFT‐G compared with FIRM‐G (1455 ± 53 versus 1350 ± 62 μmol L‐1 at 30 min, p = 0.024). Similarly, total, branched‐chain and dispensable amino acids were higher at 30 min with SOFT‐G than FIRM‐G (total: 3939 ± 97 versus 3702 ± 127 μmol L‐1, p = 0.014$$$ branched‐chain: 677 ± 30 versus 619 ± 34 μmol L‐1, p = 0.047$$$ dispensable: 2334 ± 53 versus 2210 ± 76 μmol L‐1, p = 0.032). All other measured parameters were similar between gels. Peak postprandial aminoacidaemia was higher and faster following ingestion of SOFT‐G. Customised plasma amino acid appearance from dairy is achievable by altering gel coagulum structure using pH during processing and may have minimal influence on related postprandial responses, with implications for targeting food design for optimal health. The Clinical Trial Registry number is ACTRN12622001418763 (https://www.anzctr.org.au) registered November 7, 2022.
Does genetic ancestry influence the metabolic response to a traditional Mexican versus U.S. diet? A randomized crossover feeding trial among first and second generation women of Mexican descent$$$ Background: Greater acculturation to the U.S. dietary habits has been suggested to contribute to the high rates of obesity, insulin resistance, and therefore, potential risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D) and breast cancer. Mexican immigrants may be evolutionary adapted to traditional diets high in legumes and complex carbohydrates. When consuming an inexpensive, readily available U.S. diet high in refined carbohydrates and added sugars they may experience a detrimental metabolic and/or inflammatory response, placing them at a disproportionately higher risk of certain cancers. To better understand these biological mechanisms that may underlie immigrant‐related health disparities, we tested whether genetic ancestry modified the metabolic response to a traditional Mexican versus U.S. diet in a controlled feeding trial. Methods: First and second generation, female, Mexican immigrants (n=53) completed a randomized, crossover feeding trial testing the response to a Mexican versus U.S. diet for 24 days each, separated by a 28‐day washout period. The trial diets were designed to provide energy content for weight maintenance and were similar in macronutrient composition. Participants were instructed to consume only study provided foods. The traditional Mexican diet was high in corn tortillas, beans, Mexican soups, fruits, vegetables, animal fats, full‐fat milk, and Mexican cheeses$$$ in contrast, the U.S. diet was high in refined carbohydrates, vegetable oils, nonfat or low‐fat milk, processed foods, processed meats and sugarsweetened beverages. The metabolic response to the diets was measured by fasting serum concentrations of glucose, insulin, insulin‐like growth factor (IGF)‐1, IGF binding protein (IGFBP)‐3, adiponectin, C‐reactive protein (CRP), interleukin‐6 (IL‐6), and the calculated homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA‐IR) at the beginning and end of each feeding period. DNA was extracted from baseline blood for genotyping and estimation of each participant's proportion of genetic ancestry from four populations ‐ Indigenous American (IA), European, African, and Asian ‐ with the use of 218 Informative Ancestry Markers. Linear mixed models were adjusted for diet sequence, feeding period, baseline and washout biomarker concentrations, age, body weight, and acculturation. Results: The overall genetic ancestral background of the study sample was 53% IA and 36% European ancestry. In general, genetic ancestry did not modify the metabolic responses to the Mexican versus U.S. diet. However, genetic ancestry was associated with some baseline participant's characteristics and measures. Greater IA ancestry trended toward a positive association with waist‐to‐hip ratio (P=0.08) and was inversely associated with both education and acculturation (P<0.05). Further, greater IA ancestry was positively associated with baseline fasting serum concentrations of glucose, CRP, IL‐6, and calculated HOMA‐IR (P<0.05), and was inversely associated with circulating concentrations of IGF‐1 and IGFBP‐3 (P<0.05). Conclusions: Genetic ancestry suggested differences in baseline measures of several biomarkers that have been identified as cancer susceptibility biomarkers. Although, we found a significant metabolic response to the traditional Mexican versus U.S. diet, overall, we did not observe correlations between genetic ancestry and this response. Nonetheless, the results from the study may inform our understanding of variation in cancer susceptibility biomarkers in vulnerable populations. Additional research is needed to further investigate whether genetic ancestry modifies the associations of other lifestyle exposures, such as physical activity or smoking, with cancer susceptibility biomarkers in Mexican immigrants and other minority groups.
Effect of Probiotic Lactobacillus plantarum Dad-13 on Metabolic Profiles and Gut Microbiota in Type 2 Diabetic Women: A Randomized Double-Blind Controlled Trial$$$ Several pathways link type 2 diabetes (T2D) mellitus to the gut microbiome. By modifying the gut microbiota (GM), probiotics may be useful in the treatment of T2D. Lactobacillus plantarum Dad‐13 is an indigenous Indonesian probiotic strain that has colonized the digestive tracts of healthy Indonesian adults. Furthermore, the GM of Indonesians is dominated by L. plantarum. The probiotic L. plantarum Dad‐13 is likely suitable for Indonesians. This study aimed to assess the effect of the probiotic L. plantarum Dad‐13 on metabolic profiles and GM of women with T2D in Yogyakarta, Indonesia. Twenty women from each group of forty T2D patients received either a probiotic or a placebo. The probiotic group consumed 1 g skim milk powder containing 1010 CFU/g L. plantarum daily for 11 weeks. The placebo group received 1 g skim milk powder only daily for 11 weeks. At the start and end of the experiment, anthropometric measures, dietary intake surveys, blood samples, and fecal samples were obtained. The GM analysis of all samples was performed using polymerase chain reaction, and Illumina Novaseq was applied to the selected samples from each group at the beginning and end of the trial. Short‐chain fatty acids (SCFAs) were analyzed with gas chromatography. The level of HbA1c in the probiotic group (n:10) significantly decreased from 9.34 ± 2.79% to 8.32 ± 2.04%. However, in comparison with the placebo (n:8), L. plantarum Dad‐13 supplementation did not significantly decrease the HbA1c level. No significant change was observed in the fasting blood sugar and total cholesterol levels in either group. The GM analysis showed that L. plantarum Dad‐13 supplementation resulted in a considerable increase in the L. plantarum number. No significant changes were observed in the Bifidobacterium and Prevotella populations. In addition, no significant change was observed in the fecal pH and SCFA (e.g., acetic acid, propionate, butyrate, and total SCFA) after supplementation with L. plantarum Dad‐13.
Comparing the impact of saturated fatty acids from different dairy sources on LDL particle size phenotype$$$ Background: Low‐density lipoproteins (LDL) constitute a heterogeneous class of lipoproteins among which small and dense LDL may be more atherogenic than large LDL particles, independent of cholesterol concentrations. The aim of this study was to examine how consumption of saturated fat (SFA) from different dairy sources modifies the LDL particle size phenotype compared with other dietary fats (monounsaturated ‐ MUFA and polyunsaturated fat‐PUFA) and a low‐fat diet/high carbohydrate diet. Methods: A randomized crossover controlled trial was conducted in 92 men and women with abdominal obesity and relatively low HDL‐C. Subjects were assigned to sequences of 5 isoenergetic diets of 4 weeks each (Table): 1) a diet rich in SFA from cheese (CHEESE)$$$ a diet rich in SFA from butter (BUTTER)$$$ a diet rich in MUFA$$$ a diet rich in PUFA and a low‐fat, high carbohydrate diet (CHO). All foods were provided to the participants during the experimental phases. Features of the LDL particle size phenotype (mean LDL particle size, proportion of small and large) were assessed by one dimension nondenaturing polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis. Results: LDL particle size at baseline (mean±SD) in women was larger than in men (252.24±2.85 vs. 251.67±3.49, p=0.04), although differences were no longer significant after adjustment for waist circumference. The CHEESE diet had no significant impact on all phenotypic measures of LDL particle size compared with BUTTER, CHO, MUFA and PUFA. Consumption of the BUTTER diet significantly increased LDL mean size compared with CHO (p=0.021) and MUFA (p=0.005). The increase in mean LDL size with BUTTER was more apparent among individuals with small LDL particles at baseline than among those with large LDL (P treatment × baseline LDL size=0.047). There was no difference in the distribution of small and large LDL particles among diets. Conclusions: Results from this full‐feeding study suggest 1‐that SFA from butter and cheese have similar effects on features of the LDL particle size phenotype, and 2‐that consumption of SFA from butter may be associated with less atherogenic LDL particles. These data are partly consistent with the fact that consumption of cheese and butter are not associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease.
The study compares how well the Lakshadi curna and plain ghee massage (Utsadana)treats diabetic complication ( DSPN) against Triphala curna and Dhanyamla massage (Udgharsana)$$$ INTERVENTION: CONDITION: Health Condition 1: E116‐ Type 2 diabetes mellitus with other specified complications PRIMARY OUTCOME: 1. Neuropathy Total Symptom Score 6 $$$ 2. Quantitative sensory test – Biothesiometer $$$ 3. Semmes Weinstein Monofilament testingTimepoint: 0th, 15th, 29th day SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1. Symptom scoring Based on Ayurvedic symptomatology $$$ 2. Quality of Life assessment by Brief Pain Inventory (SF)Timepoint: 0th, 15th, 29th day INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1.Participants fulfilling the diagnostic criteria 2.Aged 35 – 70 years 3.Gender‐ no discrimination 4.Participants who have given informed consent
Dietary patterns of Australian children aged 14 and 24 months, and associations with socio-demographic factors and adiposity$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Previous research has shown, in predominantly European populations, that dietary patterns are evident early in life. However, little is known about early‐life dietary patterns in Australian children. We aimed to describe dietary patterns of Australian toddlers and their associations with socio‐demographic characteristics and adiposity. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Principal component analysis was applied to 3 days (1 × 24‐h recall and 2 × 24‐h record) data of 14 (n=552)‐ and 24 (n=493)‐month‐old children from two Australian studies, NOURISH and South Australian Infant Dietary Intake (SAIDI). Associations with dietary patterns were investigated using regression analyses. RESULTS: Two patterns were identified at both ages. At 14 months, the first pattern was characterised by fruit, grains, vegetables, cheese and nuts/seeds ('14‐month core foods') and the second pattern was characterised by white bread, milk, spreads, juice and ice‐cream ('basic combination'). Similarly, at 24 months the '24‐month core foods' pattern included fruit, vegetables, dairy, nuts/seeds, meat and water, whereas the 'non‐core foods' included white bread, spreads, sweetened beverages, snacks, chocolate and processed meat. Lower maternal age and earlier breastfeeding cessation were associated with higher 'basic combination' and 'non‐core foods' pattern scores, whereas earlier and later solid introduction were associated with higher 'basic combination' and '24‐month core foods' pattern scores, respectively. Patterns were not associated with body mass index (BMI) z‐score. CONCLUSIONS: Dietary patterns reflecting core and non‐core food intake are identifiable in Australian toddlers. These findings support the need to intervene early with parents to promote healthy eating in children and can inform future investigations on the effects of early diet on long‐term health.
Dairy attentuates oxidative and inflammatory stress in metabolic syndrome$$$ BACKGROUND: Oxidative and inflammatory stress are elevated in obesity and are further augmented in metabolic syndrome. We showed previously that dairy components suppress the adipocyte‐ and macrophage‐mediated generation of reactive oxygen species and inflammatory cytokines and systemic oxidative and inflammatory biomarkers in obesity. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to determine the early (7 d) and sustained (4 and 12 wk) effects of adequate‐dairy (AD) compared with low‐dairy (LD) diets in subjects with metabolic syndrome. DESIGN: Forty overweight and obese adults with metabolic syndrome were randomly assigned to receive AD (3.5 daily servings) or LD (<0.5 daily servings) weight‐maintenance diets for 12 wk. Oxidative and inflammatory biomarkers were assessed at 0, 1, 4, and 12 wk as primary outcomes$$$ body weight and composition were measured at 0, 4, and 12 wk as secondary outcomes. RESULTS: AD decreased malondialdehyde and oxidized LDL at 7 d (35% and 11%, respectively$$$ P < 0.01), with further decreases by 12 wk. Inflammatory markers were suppressed with intake of AD, with decreases in tumor necrosis factor‐α at 7 d and further reductions through 12 wk (35%$$$ P < 0.05)$$$ decreases in interleukin‐6 (21%$$$ P < 0.02) and monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (14% decrease at 4 wk, 24% decrease at 12 wk$$$ P < 0.05)$$$ and a corresponding 55% increase in adiponectin at 12 wk (P < 0.01). LD exerted no effect on oxidative or inflammatory markers. Diet had no effect on body weight$$$ however, AD significantly reduced waist circumference and trunk fat (P < 0.01 for both), and LD exerted no effect. CONCLUSION: An increase in dairy intake attenuates oxidative and inflammatory stress in metabolic syndrome. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01266330.
Effect of Probiotic Soy Milk on Serum Levels of Adiponectin, Inflammatory Mediators, Lipid Profile, and Fasting Blood Glucose Among Patients with Type II Diabetes Mellitus$$$ Probiotic therapies are going to be an effective alternative therapeutic strategy in the treatment and management of diabetes. The mechanism behind the essential effects of probiotic therapies in diabetic patients was not fully understood. The objective of this study was to evaluate the effects of probiotic soy milk containing Lactobacillus planetarum A7 on inflammation, lipid profile, fasting blood glucose, and serum adiponectin among patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Forty patients with type 2 diabetes, at the age of 35‐68 years old, were assigned to two groups in this randomized, double‐blind, controlled clinical trial. The patients in the intervention group consumed 200 ml/day of probiotic soy milk containing L. planetarum A7 and those in control group consumed 200 ml/day of pure soy milk for 8 weeks. Serum TNF‐α, C reactive protein, adiponectin, lipid profile, and fasting blood glucose were determined before and after intervention. In intervention group, serum adiponectin in pre‐ and post‐treatment did not show any significant changes (2.52 ± 0.74 vs 2.84 ± 0.61, P = 0.658), as well as changes in serum TNF‐α and C reactive protein (172.44 ± 5.7 vs 172.83 ± 7.6, P = 0.278, 4.2 ± 1.4 vs 4.5 ± 1.9, P = 0.765, respectively). Low‐density cholesterol and high‐density cholesterol changed significantly (P = 0.023, P = 0.017, respectively), but fasting blood glucose did not show any significant changes. The results of this study showed that consumption of probiotic soy milk and soy milk has no effect on serum adiponectin and inflammation, but it can change lipid profile among type 2 diabetic patients.
The effects of replacing ghee with rapeseed oil on liver steatosis and enzymes, lipid profile, insulin resistance and anthropometric measurements in patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: a randomised controlled clinical trial$$$ Non‐alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), which is a prevalent hepatic condition worldwide, is expected to develop into the leading reason for end‐stage fatty liver in the forthcoming decades. Incorporating rapeseed oil into a balanced diet may be beneficial in improving NAFLD. The goal of this trial was to evaluate the impact of substituting ghee with rapeseed oil on primary outcomes such as fatty liver and liver enzymes, as well as on secondary outcomes including glycaemic variables, lipid profile and anthropometric measurements in individuals with NAFLD. Over 12 weeks, 110 patients (seventy men and forty women$$$ BMI (mean) 28·2 (sd 1·6 kg/m2)$$$ mean age 42 (sd 9·6) years), who daily consumed ghee, were assigned to the intervention or control group through random allocation. The intervention group was advised to substitute ghee with rapeseed oil in the same amount. The control group continued the consumption of ghee and was instructed to adhere to a healthy diet. Results showed a significant reduction in the steatosis in the intervention group in comparison with the control group (P < 0·001). However, a significant change in the levels of alanine aminotransferase (–14·4 μg/l), γ‐glutamyl transferase (–1·8 μg/l), TAG (–39·7 mg/dl), total cholesterol (–17·2 mg/dl), LDL (–7·5 mg/dl), fasting blood glucose (–7·5 mg/dl), insulin (–3·05 mU/l), Homeostatic Model Assessment for Insulin Resistance (–0·9), Quantitative Insulin‐Sensitivity Check Index (+0·01), weight (–4·3 kg), BMI (–0·04 kg/m2), waist (–5·6 cm) and waist:height ratio (–0·04) was seen in the intervention group. The consumption of rapeseed oil instead of ghee caused improvements in liver steatosis and enzymes, glycaemic variables and anthropometric measurements among individuals with NAFLD.
Fat versus carbohydrate in insulin resistance, obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular disease$$$ PURPOSE OF REVIEW: This review assesses the relative effect of fat versus carbohydrate and the differences between fatty acids and types of carbohydrate on insulin resistance and associated risk factors for diabetes and cardiovascular disease. RECENT FINDINGS: The debate continues over whether high‐carbohydrate or high‐fat diets have the more deleterious metabolic effects. Large randomized controlled trials have shown that a reduction of fat intake as part of a healthy lifestyle combined with weight reduction and exercise reduce the risk of type 2 diabetes. Carbohydrate as fruit and vegetable together with low‐fat dairy products reduce blood pressure. The results of trials of fatty acid type continue to favor the use of monounsaturated fats. However, the advantages over carbohydrate have not always been clear. In terms of carbohydrate, the glycemic index appears to be a better predictor of the metabolic effects of a diet than the sugar content. The fiber content of the carbohydrate food appears to confer benefits in terms of diabetic control. Lower cholesterol and postprandial blood glucose results are associated with viscous fibers. SUMMARY: Diets that are higher in monounsaturated fatty acids, fiber and low glycemic index foods appear to have advantages in insulin resistance, glycemic control and blood lipids in a number of studies. The division of nutrients into total fat (regardless of fatty acids) versus carbohydrate (type and quantity not specified) appears to be less helpful in predicting outcomes.
Changes in core foods of individuals with type 2 diabetes because of a nutrition education intervention$$$ The purpose of this study was to determine core food changes of African Americans with type 2 diabetes before and after a 6‐month nutrition education intervention using two different methods. Changes in core foods were assessed in a 6‐month randomized controlled trial, pre‐ and post‐intervention. Food intake was collected using the Block food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) (both groups) and food logs (intervention group). Core foods were foods consumed at a high frequency using both methods. Thirty in the control group and 29 in the intervention group provided complete data. Mean age was 54 years, mean A1C was 7.6% and BMI was 35.5 for all subjects. Control group core food changes included broccoli, green beans/peas, other fresh fruit, cooked spinach became core foods, and cheese was no longer a core food, using the FFQ method. Changes in core foods of the intervention group included tomatoes, nuts, yogurt and tuna became a core food and salty snacks were no longer a core food, using the FFQ method. Nuts and seeds, sugar‐free beverages, peanut butter, high‐fat bread and rice became a core food using the food logs method. Changes in core foods happened without an intervention. Core food changes will differ by method used and may not be appropriate to assess change because of a nutrition education intervention.
DASH diet, insulin resistance and inflammation in polycystic ovary syndrome: a randomized controlled clinical trial$$$ Study question: Insulin resistance and increased inflammatory markers is one of the most common features of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Summary answer: In conclusion, consumption of the DASH eating pattern for 8 weeks in overweight and obese women with PCOS resulted in an improvement in insulin resistance, serum hs‐CRP levels and abdominal fat accumulation. What is known already: Recently, it has been postulated that consumption of low‐carbohydrate, high‐protein diet as well as reduced glycemic load diets might help patients with PCOS to prevent complications. The dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH) eating plan is a low‐glycemic‐index low energydense diet that has firstly been suggested for lowering blood pressure$$$ however, its beneficial effects have also been reported in insulin resistance, increased inflammation, T2D, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and metabolic syndrome. Study design, size, duration: This randomized controlled clinical trial was done among 48 women diagnosed with PCOS. Subjects were randomly assigned to consume either the control (n = 24) or the DASH eating pattern (n = 24) for 8 weeks. Participants/materials, setting, methods: Methods: This randomized controlled clinical trial was done among 48 women diagnosed with PCOS. Subjects were randomly assigned to consume either the control (n = 24) or the DASH eating pattern (n = 24) for 8 weeks. The DASH diet was consisted of 52% carbohydrates, 18% proteins and 30% total fats. It was designed to be rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and low‐fat dairy products and low in saturated fats, cholesterol, refined grains, and sweets. Prescribed sodium in the DASH diet was less than 2,400 mg/day. The control diet was also designed to contain 52% carbohydrates, 18% protein and 30% total fat$$$ however, the two diets were different in terms of food groups contained. Fasting blood samples were taken at baseline and after 8‐wk intervention to measure insulin resistance and serum hs‐CRP levels. Main results and the role of chance: None. Results: Adherence to DASH eating pattern, compared to the control diet, resulted in a significant reduction of serum insulin levels (‐1.88 vs. 2.89 μIU/ mL, P = 0.03), HOMA‐IR score (‐0.45 vs. 0.80$$$ P = 0.01) and serum hs‐ CRP levels (‐763.29 vs. 665.95 ng/mL, P = 0.009). Additionally, a significant decrease in waist (‐5.2 vs. ‐2.1 cm$$$ P = 0.003) and hip circumference (‐5.9 vs. ‐1 cm$$$ P < 0.0001) was also seen in the DASH group compared with the control group. QUICKI index tended to increase (0.02 vs. ‐0.01, P = 0.08) after the DASH diet than the control diet. We did not find significant differences in mean changes of fasting plasma glucose and HOMA‐B index between the two diets. Limitations, reason for caution: Our study was a relatively small randomized trial and larger trials are needed to confirm the findings. We were unable to assess the favorable effects of DASH eating pattern on other biomarkers of systemic inflammation. Furthermore, due to budget limitations we could not examine the effects of DASH diet on anti‐mullerian hormone and endotheliumderived (nitric oxide) NO levels. Wider implications of the findings: We are aware of no study examining the effect of DASH diet on insulin resistance and inflammation in patients with PCOS. As this condition is associated with hormonal imbalance, it is unknown if the DASH diet works in these women. High contents of dietary fiber, phytoestrogens and iso flavones as well as its low glycemic index might help PCOS patients to decrease insulin resistance and inflammatory factors.
The conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) isomer, t10c12-CLA, is inversely associated with changes in body weight and serum leptin in subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus$$$ Isomers of conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) are found in beef, lamb and dairy products. Diets containing CLA reduce adipose mass in various depots of experimental animals. In addition, CLA delays the onset of diabetes in the ZDF rat model for obesity‐linked type 2 diabetes mellitus. We hypothesize that there would be an inverse association of CLA with body weight and serum leptin in subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus. In this double‐blind study, subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus were randomized into one of two groups receiving either a supplement containing mixed CLA isomers (CLA‐mix$$$ 8.0 g daily, 76% pure CLA$$$ n = 12) or a supplement containing safflower oil (placebo$$$ 8.0 g daily safflower oil, n = 9) for 8 wk. The isomers of CLA in the CLA‐mix supplement were primarily c9t11‐CLA ( approximately 37%) and t10c12‐CLA ( approximately 39%) in free fatty acid form. Plasma levels of CLA were inversely associated with body weight (P < 0.05) and serum leptin levels (P < 0.05). When levels of plasma t10c12‐CLA isomer were correlated with changes in body weight or serum leptin, t10c12‐CLA, but not c9t11‐CLA, was inversely associated with body weights (P < 0.05) and serum leptin (P < 0.02). These findings strongly suggest that the t10c12‐CLA isomer may be the bioactive isomer of CLA to influence the body weight changes observed in subjects with type 2 diabetes. Future studies are needed to determine a causal relationship, if any, of t10c12‐CLA or c9t11‐CLA to modulate body weight and composition in subjects with type 2 diabetes. Furthermore, determining the ability of CLA isomers to influence glucose and lipid metabolism as well as markers of insulin sensitivity is imperative to understanding the role of CLA to aid in the management of type 2 diabetes and other related conditions of insulin resistance.
The effects of replacing ghee with rapeseed oil on liver steatosis and enzymes, lipid profile, insulin resistance, and anthropometric measurements in patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: a randomized controlled clinical trial$$$ Non‐alcoholic fatty liver disease, which is a prevalent hepatic condition worldwide, is expected to develop into the leading reason for end‐stage fatty liver in the forthcoming decades. Incorporating Rapeseed oil into a balanced diet may be beneficial in improving NAFLD. The goal of this trial was to evaluate the impact of substituting ghee with rapeseed oil on primary outcomes such as fatty liver and liver enzymes, as well as on secondary outcomes including glycemic variables, lipid profile, and anthropometric measurements in individuals with NAFLD. Over 12 weeks, 110 patients [70 men and 40 women$$$ BMI (mean ± SD): 28.2 ± 1.6 kg/m2$$$ mean age: 42 ± 9.6 y], who daily consumed ghee, were assigned to the intervention or control group through random allocation. The intervention group, was advised to substitute ghee with rapeseed oil in the same amount. The control group continued consumption of ghee and was instructed to adhere a healthy diet. Results showed a significant reduction in the steatosis in the intervention group in comparison to the control group (P<0.001). However, a significant change in the levels of ALT (‐14.4 IU/l), GGT (‐1.8 IU/l), TG (‐39.7 mg/dl), TC (‐17.2 mg/dl), LDL (‐7.5 mg/dl), FBS (‐7.5 mg/dl), Insulin (‐3.05 mU/l), HOMA‐IR (‐0.9), QUICKI (+0.01), weight (‐4.3 kg), BMI (‐0.04 kg/m2), waist (‐5.6 cm) and waist to height ratio (‐0.04) was seen in the intervention group. The consumption of rapeseed oil instead of ghee caused improvements in liver steatosis and enzymes, glycemic variables, and anthropometric measurements among individuals with NAFLD.
A double-blind, randomized controlled trial of the use of imiquimod cream for the treatment of anal canal high-grade anal intraepithelial neoplasia in HIV-positive MSM on HAART, with long-term follow-up data including the use of open-label imiquimod$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine whether imiquimod was more effective than placebo for the treatment of high‐grade anal canal intraepithelial neoplasia (HG‐ACIN). DESIGN: Double‐blind, randomized placebo‐controlled clinical trial. METHODS: Sixty‐four HIV‐positive patients were randomized to self‐application of imiquimod cream or matched placebo into the anal canal three times a week for 4 months. Response was assessed by cytology, high‐resolution anoscopy and biopsy 2 months after therapy. All patients who failed to resolve were offered treatment with open‐label imiquimod for a further 4 months. RESULTS: Fifty‐three patients completed the study, of which 28 patients were on active drug and 25 patients on placebo. In the imiquimod group, four patients resolved and eight patients downgraded to low‐grade squamous intraepithelial lesion (LSIL) with a median follow‐up of 33 months. In the placebo group, one patient resolved. Imiquimod was significantly associated with a positive outcome (P = 0.003). Only one patient discontinued owing to side effects. Twenty‐one patients entered a second open‐label phase of treatment. Five of these patients cleared their anal canal intraepithelial neoplasia (ACIN) and four patients downgraded to LSIL. The overall mean duration of follow‐up was 36 months. During this extended follow‐up period, 61% have exhibited sustained absence of high‐grade squamous intraepithelial lesion (HSIL). CONCLUSION: This study demonstrates the effectiveness of imiquimod for the treatment of ACIN, and the benefit of prolonged or repeated treatments. This form of therapy is likely to be especially valuable for patients with widespread multifocal ACIN who are otherwise difficult to treat, and should be considered as an adjunct to ablative therapy.
The effects of lactobacilli on glycemic control and the secretion of glucagon-like peptide-1 in Japanese gestational diabetes mellitus patients$$$ Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) share similar metabolic alterations, and recent observations suggest that probiotics like lactobacilli regulate intestinal flora and may improve glycemic control in T2DM patients. We set the hypothesis that dietary intervention like lactobacilli yogurt may improve GDM patient's metabolic status or newborn's outcome through the influence on incretin secretion. We recruited 45 Japanese pregnant women who met any of these conditions$$$ age>40, plasma glucose (PG)>140 mg/dl, past GDM history, BMI>30, past delivery of macrosomia. We examined 75g OGTT, and measured the concentration of active GLP‐1 simultaneously. 17 women were GDM, and 28 women were normal glucose tolerance(NGT). GDM patients were randomly assigned either to regular dietary intervention group (RD) or dietary intervention group with lactobacilli GG yogurt once a day (LD).We measured their fasting PG and GLP‐1 just before delivery, and also examined OGTT two months after delivery. There were no significant differences in age, glycoalbumin,BMI before pregnancy between GDM and NGT, but HbA1c in GDM was significantly higher than NGT (5.6±0.5 vs. 5.3±0.3%, p<0.05). GDM had significantly lower baseline GLP‐1 levels and exhibited reduced GLP‐1 responses in OGTT compared to NGT (0min: 1.27±0.40 vs. 1.43±0.70, 120min: 2.44±1.12 vs. 3.70±1.88, (pmol/l), p<0.05, respectively). Ingestion of lactobacilli yogurt was well tolerated, and no adverse outcome related to delivery was observed in all participants. There were no significant differences of newborn's weight, mother's GLP‐1 response before or after delivery between RD and LD. However, newborns of LD seemed to be smaller than those of RD. In our study GLP‐1 response was repressed in GDM compared to NGT. Probiotics may restore GLP‐1 response and improve GDM outcome. Further studies are in progress.
Randomized crossover controlled clinical trial to assess the comparative acute effects of saturated fat rich meal (coconut fat and butter) with unsaturated fat rich meal (sesame oil) on vascular reactivity, blood pressure, plasma lipids and markers of insulin resistance in healthy adult men$$$ INTERVENTION: This study will be conducted at the Clinical laboratory and the study meals will be prepared at the dietetic laboratory of the Department of Applied Nutrition, Wayamba University of Sri Lanka, Makandura (NWP), 60170. The study protocol will be conducted in accordance with the Declaration of Helsinki. The participants will be randomly allocated to the 3 different treatment arms with the use of a random‐assignment programme (Available from: http://www.randomizer.org/). The study is cross‐over trials and consists of 3 arms and are as follows: 1. Arm 1: A test meal consist of 50 g of total fat rich in saturated fat (coconut oil) 2. Arm 2: A test meal consist of 50 g of total fat rich in in saturated fat (butter) 3. Arm 3: A test meal consist of 50 g of total fat rich in in unsaturated fat (sesame) Three arms will be cross over 2 weeks apart. Each participant will receive 3 study meals after fasting overnight for 12 h on three different study days in random order, with approximately 2 weeks apart of each study visit. Each of the 3 postprandial visits, will last?7 h. Test meal will be provided in the form of a warm chocolate drink containing the specific test fat or oil accompanied by toasted thick white bread with strawberry jam. Each test meal will be assigned meal codes and the participant and researcher involved in the study will be unaware about the meal codes and the code will be kept under password protected. CONDITION: Cardiovascular Disease PRIMARY OUTCOME: Change from baseline in vascular reactivity measured by pulse wave velocity (PWVc‐f) using an oscillometric Mobil‐O‐Graph® PWA Monitor device (I.E.M GmbH, Stolberg, Germany) with integrated ARCSolver® software. [Time Frame: Acute study: measured at 0 (baseline), 180, and 300 min. ]$$$ Change from baseline in blood pressure (systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure and pulse pressure) using an oscillometric Mobil‐O‐Graph® PWA Monitor device (I.E.M GmbH, Stolberg, Germany) with integrated ARCSolver® software. [Time Frame: Acute study: measured at 0 (baseline), 180, and 300 min. ]$$$ [ ]$$$ []$$$ []$$$ []$$$ []$$$ []$$$ []$$$ []$$$ []$$$ []$$$ []$$$ []$$$ []$$$ []$$$ []$$$ []$$$ []$$$ []$$$ []$$$ []$$$ []$$$ []$$$ []$$$ []$$$ []$$$ []$$$ []$$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: Change from baseline in plasma lipids (primarily triacylglycerol, total cholesterol, LDL and HDL cholesterol) [Time Frame: Acute study: taken at 60 min intervals between 0 min (baseline) and 360 min ]$$$ Change from baseline in markers of insulin resistance (glucose, insulin, indices of insulin resistance/sensitivity) $$$ Fasting insulin resistance and insulin sensitivity will be determined by HOMA‐IR and the revised quantitative insulin sensitivity check index, respectively, with the use of standard equations (Brady et al, 2004). [Time Frame: Acute study: taken at 60 min intervals between 0 min (baseline) and 360 min ]$$$ []$$$ []$$$ []$$$ []$$$ []$$$ []$$$ []$$$ [ ]$$$ []$$$ []$$$ []$$$ []$$$ []$$$ []$$$ []$$$ []$$$ []$$$ []$$$ []$$$ []$$$ []$$$ []$$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: Study participants will be free from previously diagnosed chronic diseases such as diabetes, hypertension, dyslipidemia, heart diseases, cancers, liver and renal failure and Body Mass Inde X(BMI) between 18.5 to 27.0 kgm‐2, no history of alcohol abuse (those who appear to binge drink or regular drink i.e. more than 15 units (1 unit =125 ml) of alcohol per week), not planning or on a weight reducing regime, not taking nutritional supplements (e.g. fish oil, calcium) and non‐smokers.
Glucose response to sugar challenge moderates the effect of insulin resistance on reinforcing value of sugar-sweetened yogurt$$$ We have shown insulin resistance is associated with the choice of sugar‐sweetened over monk fruit sweetened yogurt. This study extends this research by assessing the association between insulin resistance and reinforcing value for sugar versus monk fruit‐sweetened yogurt, and testing the hypothesis that this effect is moderated by greater blood glucose response in people with insulin resistance. Eighteen people with overweight/obesity (BMI = 35.8 kg/m2, range 26.2‐48.5) with varying degrees of insulin resistance (Homeostatic Model Assessment of Insulin Resistance (HOMA‐IR) = 2.6, range of 0.6‐8.0) had blood glucose measured for 2 h after a sugar challenge. Over six days, they consumed, in a double‐blind fashion, novel flavored‐colored sugar or monk fruit‐sweetened yogurts, and the reinforcing value of sugar or monk fruit‐sweetened yogurts and delay discounting (DD) were measured. HOMA‐IR (r = 0.62, p = .006) and insulin (r = 0.51, p = .03) were related to the reinforcing value of sugar‐sweetened, but not monk fruit‐sweetened yogurt (r = ‐0.07, ‐0.10, respectively). The blood glucose area under the curve moderated the relationship between HOMA‐IR and the reinforcing value of sugar‐sweetened yogurt (p = .02). People with greater HOMA‐IR and greater blood glucose excursions responded the most for sugar‐sweetened yogurt. These results extend previous research and confirm the hypothesis that individual differences in response to sugar may activate brain reward centers and condition people to prefer high‐sugar foods. DD was related to sugar reinforcement (r = ‐0.46, p = .03), consistent with the idea that those with high sugar reinforcement desire immediate gratification, and DD moderated the relationship between HOMA‐IR and the reinforcing value of sugar‐sweetened yogurt (p < .001). Research should test whether reducing insulin resistance would permit people with insulin resistance to choose lower‐sugar foods.
Effects of full-fat dairy products on subclinical vascular function in adults with elevated blood pressure: a randomized clinical trial$$$ Background: High consumption of low‐ and non‐fat dairy products improves vascular dysfunction associated with elevated arterial blood pressure (BP). Currently, it is unknown if conventional full‐fat dairy products improve vascular functions. Objectives: To determine if adding whole milk and full‐fat dairy products to the normal routine diet improves vascular function in adults with elevated BP. Design: Sixty adults (age ± SEM$$$ 58 ± 2 years) with elevated BP (systolic/diastolic$$$ 120–159/ < 99 mmHg) were randomized into a controlled crossover intervention trial consisting of two 4‐week dietary periods. The high dairy condition consisted of adding four daily servings of whole milk or full‐fat dairy products to the normal diet and eliminated all dairy intake during the control (no dairy) condition. A 2‐week washout period separated the dietary conditions. Results: Carotid‐femoral pulse wave velocity (cfPWV) did not differ significantly between high dairy (11.3 ± 0.3 versus 10.9 ± 0.3 m/sec) and no dairy conditions (11.2 ± 0.3 versus 11.0 ± 0.3 m/sec). The results were consistent when ultrasound‐derived vascular distension measures (arterial compliance, beta‐stiffness index, and elastic modulus) were evaluated. Cardiovagal baroreceptor sensitivity (via Valsalva maneuver) demonstrated no significant difference for either dietary condition. Brachial arterial flow‐mediated dilation (FMD) did not differ significantly during the high dairy (5.7 ± 0.5 versus 5.4 ± 0.6%) and no dairy conditions (6.5 ± 0.5 versus 5.6 ± 0.6%). Conclusions: The solitary addition of whole milk and full‐fat dairy products has no effect on subclinical vascular function in adults with elevated BP.
A STUDY ON SIDDHA HERBAL MEDICINE "AAVARAI KIRUTHAM"FOR THE DIABETES NEUROLOGICAL COMPLICATION(MADHUMEGA AVATHAIGAL)$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: AAVARAI KIRUTHAM: 4ml per oral twice in a day just before meals with milk for 3 months Control Intervention1: not applicable: not applicable CONDITION: Diabetes mellitus due to underlying condition with neurological complications PRIMARY OUTCOME: PRIMARY OUTCOME IS ASSESSED BY COMPARING THE BLOOD SUGAR HbA1C LEVEL AND DIABETIC PERIPHERAL NEUROPATHY SCALE BOTH GROUPS BEFORE AND AFTER TREATMENT ASSESMENTTimepoint: 90 DAYS SECONDARY OUTCOME: SECONDARY OUTCOME WILL BE ASSESSED BY COMPARING THE FOLLOWING THREE PARAMETERS PRE AND POST TREATMENT CHANGES IN SIDDHA CLINICAL PARAMETERS.EVALUATING CLINICAL LAB PARAMETERS.Timepoint: 90 DAYS INCLUSION CRITERIA: BLOOD SUGAR FASTING >126 mg/dl and >200,post prandial blood sugar >200 and <350 mg/dl,GLYCATED HAEMOGLOBIN > 7% AND < 11%,DIABETES PERIPHERAL NEUROPATHY MADHUMEGA AVATHAIGAL,PATIENT WHO IS ALREADY UNDER SIDDHA MEDICATION FOR MADHUMEGAM,DIABETES WITH HYPERTENSION.
A pilot study on the effects of a polyherbal formulation cream on diabetic foot ulcers$$$ Background & objectives: Diabetic foot ulcers are the most common cause of non‐traumatic lower extremity amputations in developing countries. The aim of this pilot study was to evaluate the safety of using a polyherbal formulation in healing diabetic foot ulcers in comparison with standard silver sulphadiazine cream among patients with type 2 diabetes. Methods: A total of 40 (M:F=29:14) consecutive type 2 diabetes patients with foot ulcers were enrolled in this study. They were randomly assigned to two groups of 20 each$$$ Group 1 was treated with polyherbal formulation and group 2 with silver sulphadiazine cream. All the patients were followed up for a period of 5 months. The baseline ulcer size was noted and photograph of the wound was taken at the baseline and at each follow up visit. Number of days taken for healing of the wound was recorded. Results: The mean age of patients, duration of diabetes and HbA1c% were similar in both the study groups. The mean length and width of the ulcers was also similar in both the groups at baseline visit. There was a significant decrease in the size of the wound (length and width) in both the study groups (P<0.001). The mean time taken for the healing of the ulcer was around 43 days in both groups. Interpretation & conclusions: Diabetic wound cream prepared by using polyherbal formulation was found to be effective as well as safe in healing diabetic foot ulcers like the standard silver sulphadiazine cream. Drug Trade Names and Manufacturers Cholayil Product and Services [India]
A pilot study on the effects of a polyherbal formulation cream on diabetic foot ulcers$$$ Background & objectives: Diabetic foot ulcers are the most common cause of non‐traumatic lower extremity amputations in developing countries. The aim of this pilot study was to evaluate the safety of using a polyherbal formulation in healing diabetic foot ulcers in comparison with standard silver sulphadiazine cream among patients with type 2 diabetes. Methods: A total of 40 (M:F=29:14) consecutive type 2 diabetes patients with foot ulcers were enrolled in this study. They were randomly assigned to two groups of 20 each$$$ Group 1 was treated with polyherbal formulation and group 2 with silver sulphadiazine cream. All the patients were followed up for a period of 5 months. The baseline ulcer size was noted and photograph of the wound was taken at the baseline and at each follow up visit. Number of days taken for healing of the wound was recorded. Results: The mean age of patients, duration of diabetes and HbA1c% were similar in both the study groups. The mean length and width of the ulcers was also similar in both the groups at baseline visit. There was a significant decrease in the size of the wound (length and width) in both the study groups (P<0.001). The mean time taken for the healing of the ulcer was around 43 days in both groups. Interpretation & conclusions: Diabetic wound cream prepared by using polyherbal formulation was found to be effective as well as safe in healing diabetic foot ulcers like the standard silver sulphadiazine cream.
The effect of enteral nutritional suspension (diabetes) (TPF-DM) on blood glucose, serum insulin and lipids in patients with type 2 diabetes$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effect of a new enteral nutrition suspension (diabetes) (TPF‐DM) (Dixson 0.75 kcal/ml) (1 kcal = 4.184 kJ) on blood glucose, serum insulin and lipids as compared with a standard formula (Nutrition MF 0.75 kcal/ml) in patients with type 2 diabetes. METHODS: A randomized, controlled, paralleled and single center trial was carried out. A total of 76 patients with type 2 diabetes without using insulin and obvious complications were randomized into a study group and a control group. 36 patients in the study group and 35 in the control group completed the trial. The observation lasted 6 days. All calories came from enteral nutrition. At baseline all the patients had standard mixed meal (bread 50 g, egg 50 g, milk 250 ml, total calorie 400 kcal) test and at the end of the trial a enteral nutrient meal (enteral nutrient 400 ml, total calorie 300 kcal) test. Blood samples were taken before the meal and 30, 60, 120 and 180 minutes after the meal to test plasma glucose, serum insulin, serum lipids and some safety parameters. The area under curve (AUC) for plasma glucose, serum insulin, serum lipids was calculated. RESULTS: Compared with the mixed meal test, the AUC of plasma glucose and serum insulin during both Dixson 0.75 kcal/ml test and standard formula (Nutrition MF 0.75 kcal/ml) test were significantly lower (P < 0.01). The change at baseline in the study group was more than that in the control group [the change of AUC for plasma glucose (‐6.42 +/‐ 8.62) h x mmol x L(‐1) vs (‐1.87 +/‐ 5.30) h x mmol x L(‐1), P < 0.01$$$ that of AUC for serum insulin (‐36.94 +/‐ 49.77) h x mIU x L(‐1) vs (‐18.20 +/‐ 32.62) h x mIU x L(‐1), P < 0.05]. Both the enteral nutrition formula can reduce insulin resistance (calculated by HOMA‐IR), but there was no difference between them. There was no significant effect on total cholesterol, high density lipoprotein and low density lipoprotein. AUC of serum triglycerides was lower during the tests with both enteral nutrients than that during mixed meal test, but there was no significant difference between the two groups. There was no safety concern about the enteral nutrition. CONCLUSION: Enteral nutrition suspension (diabetes) (TPF‐DM) (Dixson 0.75 kcal/ml) is an effective and safe enteral nutrient to be used in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Vitamin D3-fortified milk did not affect glycemic control, lipid profile, and anthropometric measures in patients with type 2 diabetes, a triple-blind randomized clinical trial$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: The effect of vitamin D on glycemic status of diabetes patients is controversial. The objective was to assess the effect of vitamin D3‐fortified milk on cardiometabolic markers of patients with type 2 diabetes. SUBJECTS/METHODS: In this randomized triple‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial, 102 patients (34 males and 68 females) aged 31‐74 years with type 2 diabetes were randomized to receive either 250 ml unfortified or 250 ml 1000 IU vitamin D3‐fortified milk daily for 9 weeks. Anthropometric characteristics, blood pressure, and serum levels of glucose, insulin, and lipids were determined at baseline and after 9 weeks. RESULTS: Serum 25‐hydroxy vitamin D concentrations improved in the fortified milk group compared to the control group (+14 ± 20 vs. +4 ± 17 ng/ml$$$ P = 0.001). Both groups showed significant increases in serum calcium (P < 0.01) and decreases in total cholesterol, waist and hip circumference, and systolic and diastolic blood pressure (P < 0.001). Also, there was a significant reduction in body mass index of fortified milk group (P < 0.001). None of these changes were statistically significant between the two groups. Glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) significantly decreased in both groups with a more remarkable reduction in the plain milk consumers, making a significant between‐group difference (7.5% compared to 3.1%$$$ P = 0.01). CONCLUSIONS: Overall, daily consumption of one cup of milk containing 1000 IU vitamin D3 for 9 weeks substantially improved vitamin D deficiency in patients with type 2 diabetes but it did not affect cardiometabolic parameters over that of plain milk.
Vitamin D3-fortified milk did not affect glycemic control, lipid profile, and anthropometric measures in patients with type 2 diabetes, a triple-blind randomized clinical trial$$$ Background/objectives: The effect of vitamin D on glycemic status of diabetes patients is controversial. The objective was to assess the effect of vitamin D3‐fortified milk on cardiometabolic markers of patients with type 2 diabetes. Subjects/methods: In this randomized triple‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial, 102 patients (34 males and 68 females) aged 31–74 years with type 2 diabetes were randomized to receive either 250 ml unfortified or 250 ml 1000 IU vitamin D3‐fortified milk daily for 9 weeks. Anthropometric characteristics, blood pressure, and serum levels of glucose, insulin, and lipids were determined at baseline and after 9 weeks. Results: Serum 25‐hydroxy vitamin D concentrations improved in the fortified milk group compared to the control group (+14 ± 20 vs. +4 ± 17 ng/ml$$$ P = 0.001). Both groups showed significant increases in serum calcium (P < 0.01) and decreases in total cholesterol, waist and hip circumference, and systolic and diastolic blood pressure (P < 0.001). Also, there was a significant reduction in body mass index of fortified milk group (P < 0.001). None of these changes were statistically significant between the two groups. Glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) significantly decreased in both groups with a more remarkable reduction in the plain milk consumers, making a significant between‐group difference (7.5% compared to 3.1%$$$ P = 0.01). Conclusions: Overall, daily consumption of one cup of milk containing 1000 IU vitamin D3 for 9 weeks substantially improved vitamin D deficiency in patients with type 2 diabetes but it did not affect cardiometabolic parameters over that of plain milk.
Effect of fermented milk (yogurt) containing Lactobacillus acidophilus L1 on serum cholesterol in hypercholesterolemic humans$$$ OBJECTIVE: Two controlled clinical studies were performed to examine effects of consumption of one daily serving of fermented milk (FM) (yogurt) on serum lipids. METHODS: In the first study, subjects were randomly allocated to FM containing Lactobacillus acidophilus L1 of human origin or to FM containing L. acidophilus ATCC 43211 of swine origin. In this single‐blind study, subjects consumed one 200 ml serving of FM daily for 3 weeks. The second study was a double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, cross‐over study. Subjects completed a 4‐week first treatment, had a 2‐week washout, and completed a second 4‐week treatment. In the second study subjects consumed FM containing L. acidophilus L1 or placebo FM over 4 weeks. RESULTS: In the first study, FM containing L. acidophilus L1 was accompanied by a 2.4% (p<0.05) reduction of serum cholesterol concentration. In the second study, strain L1 reduced serum cholesterol concentration by 3.2% (p<0.05) in the first treatment period. In the second treatment period there were no significant changes in serum cholesterol concentration. Combined analysis of the two L1 treatment studies demonstrated a 2.9% (p<0.01) reduction in serum cholesterol concentration. CONCLUSION: Since every 1% reduction in serum cholesterol concentration is associated with an estimated 2% to 3% reduction in risk for coronary heart disease, regular intake of FM containing an appropriate strain of L. acidophilus has the potential of reducing risk for coronary heart disease by 6 to 10%.
Evaluation of the effects of a new fermented milk product (Gaio) on primary hypercholesterolemia$$$ OBJECTIVE: To verify the effects on the lipid profile of a product of fermented milk (Gaio) in patients with mild to moderate primary hypercholesterolemia. DESIGN: The study was prospective, randomized, double‐blinded and placebo controlled, with a crossover design. SUBJECTS: Thirty‐two patients (21 women and 11 men) with ages ranging between 36 and 65 years old were included in the study. All of them were on a controlled diet for at least 8 weeks. INTERVENTION: Patients began, after clinical and laboratory analysis, in a randomized and double‐blind manner to take 200 g daily of Gaio or its placebo. After 8 weeks blood was collected again for lipid profile evaluation and the crossover was made. After an additional 8 weeks blood was collected for another lipid profile determination. RESULTS: All patients included completed the study. Comparisons were made between means of lipid profile constituents after the placebo and active product periods. These showed significant mean reduction of 5.3% (P = 0.004) for total cholesterol, 6.15% (P = 0.012) for LDL‐cholesterol and no significant variation for HDL‐cholesterol and triglycerides. The majority of patients presented no variation or had a decrease in their total cholesterol level. However, during the active product period, three patients showed an increase in cholesterol level by more than 5%. CONCLUSION: The fermented milk (Gaio) produced a small but statistically significant decrease in total and LDL‐cholesterol mean. However, not all subjects seem to respond to the product, and a few subjects showed a cholesterol increment. Further investigations are necessary to clarify this aspect.
Yogurt improves insulin resistance and liver fat in obese women with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and metabolic syndrome: a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Because consumption of conventional yogurt has beneficial effects in a healthy population, and insulin resistance (IR) is the mutual pathogenesis in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and metabolic syndrome (MetS), we hypothesized that yogurt would ameliorate IR in patients with NAFLD and MetS. OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of yogurt on IR and secondary endpoints including liver fat, gut microbiota, and serum biomarkers of inflammation and oxidative stress in obese women with NAFLD and MetS. METHODS: One hundred obese women aged 36‐66 y with both NAFLD and MetS were randomly assigned to consume 220 g/d of either conventional yogurt or milk for 24 wk. At baseline and week 24, we measured anthropometric indices, serum glucose, insulin, lipids, and cytokines in all participants, and liver fat and gut microbiota in 20 participants randomly selected from each group. RESULTS: Forty‐eight participants from the yogurt group and 44 from the milk group completed the intervention. Compared with milk, yogurt significantly decreased the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (‐0.53$$$ 95% CI: ‐1.03, ‐0.02), fasting insulin (‐2.77 mU/L$$$ 95% CI: ‐4.91, ‐0.63 mU/L), 2‐h insulin (‐25.5 mU/L$$$ 95% CI: ‐33.0, ‐17.9 mU/L), 2‐h area under the curve for insulin (‐29.4 mU/L · h$$$ 95% CI: ‐44.0, ‐14.8 mU/L · h), alanine aminotransferase (‐4.65 U/L$$$ 95% CI: ‐8.67, ‐0.64 U/L), intrahepatic lipid (‐3.44%$$$ 95% CI: ‐6.19%, ‐0.68%), and hepatic fat fraction (‐3.48%$$$ 95% CI: ‐6.34%, ‐0.63%). Yogurt also decreased serum LPS (‐0.31 EU/mL$$$ 95% CI: ‐0.48, ‐0.14 EU/mL), fibroblast growth factor 21 (‐57.76 pg/mL$$$ 95% CI: ‐86.32, ‐29.19 pg/mL), lipids, and biomarkers of inflammation and oxidative stress, and altered gut microbiota composition. Mediation analysis showed that yogurt may improve IR by reducing serum lipids, inflammation, oxidative stress, and LPS. CONCLUSIONS: Yogurt was better than milk at ameliorating IR and liver fat in obese Chinese women with NAFLD and MetS, possibly by improving lipid metabolism, reducing inflammation, oxidative stress, and LPS, and changing the gut microbiota composition. This trial was registered at www.chictr.org.cn as ChiCTR‐IPR‐15006801.
Cardiovascular and metabolic effects of paleolithic-type diets over american diabetes association diet in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients$$$ Purpose: Type 2 Diabetes (T2D) is a significant burden to individuals and society. Diet could potentially improve blood pressure and other metabolic abnormalities secondary to enhanced insulin sensitivity. We evaluated the effects of the Paleodiet‐ composed of meats, fruits, vegetables and nuts and excluding high fat dairy products and refined grains ‐compared to a standard diet based on American Diabetes Association (ADA) nutrition guidelines (including low fat dairy products and grains) on cardiovascular and metabolic parameters in T2D subjects. Methods: Sixteen T2D patients controlled on diet or low dose metformin were randomized to either a calorically neutral Paleo‐diet or an ADA diet. After “ramp up” diets for 1 week, patients remained on either diet for 14 days. Primary endpoints included mean arterial pressure (MAP), vascular reactivity assessed by measuring flow mediated dilation (FMD) of the brachial artery, glycemic control (fructosamine and HbA1c levels), and insulin sensitivity (euglycemic hyperinsu‐ (Table presented) linemic clamp). 24 hr urine electrolyte collections were performed to measure compliance. Caloric intake was adjusted to prevent weight loss. Paired t‐tests were performed and data reported as mean ± SD. Results: After 21 days, subjects on the Paleo diet had greater improvements in MAP, FMD, glucose and lipid profiles compared to the ADA diet (see Table). Conclusion: A paleo‐diet seems to be superior to an ADA diet in T2D patients in improving cardiovascular and metabolic function.
A non-dairy probiotic's (poi) influence on changing the gastrointestinal tract's microflora environment$$$ JUSTIFICATION: Yogurt has been historically used to restore gut microflora adversely affected by antibiotic treatment. Certain fermented dairy products are probiotics$$$ "live microorganisms which when administered in adequate amounts confer a health benefit to the host." Microorganisms in foods may benefit certain health conditions such as diarrhea, gastroenteritis, irritable bowel syndrome, inflammatory bowel disease, and cancer. A potential new probiotic from a Polynesian traditional food is poi$$$ a starchy paste made from the corm of taro plants. OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to determine if consumption of poi, a potential non‐dairy probiotic, altered the microflora in the gastrointestinal tract of healthy adults. METHODS: A cross‐over clinical study included 18 subjects (19‐64 years of age) divided into a poi group (n = 10) and control group (n = 8). The study duration of 14 weeks consisted of a 2‐week washout, 4‐week treatment or control, a subsequent 2‐week washout, cross‐over of 4‐week treatment or control, and a final 2‐week washout. Subjects thus served as their own controls. While receiving the poi treatment, participants consumed fresh poi (1‐2 days old) three times a day (130 g/meal or approximately 1/2 cup/meal)$$$ the control group did not. Both groups filled out 3‐day dietary records to ensure compliance. Measurable outcomes included pre‐ and post‐treatment microbiological fecal culture analyses. RESULTS: We found no significant differences in total bacterial counts following a poi diet versus following a control diet, nor were significant differences found in counts of specific bacterial species. Lactococcus tends to be higher in poi when it is analyzed for specific bacteria, but the poi consumption in our study did not alter the mean concentration of individual bacterial species (log10 CFU/g wet feces) for Escherichia coli, Enterobacter, Klebsiella, Lactobacillus, Lactococcus, and Bifidobacterium. No significant differences in stool frequency or consistency were observed between the treatment and control group periods. CONCLUSION: Poi consumption did not significantly alter total or individual bacterial counts in the human gastrointestinal tract. Further research might determine if "sour poi" (3‐4 days old) has a greater affect than "fresh poi" (1‐2 days old) as a potential probiotic, and a larger trial with longer diet durations may detect more subtle effects of poi consumption on bacterial counts.
Effects of probiotic yogurt on glycemic indexes and endothelial dysfunction markers in patients with metabolic syndrome$$$ Objectives: The relationship between gut microflora and metabolic syndrome components such as obesity, low‐grade chronic systemic inflammation, dyslipidemia, and altered glucose metabolism is now acknowledged. The aim of this study was to assess the effects of probiotic yogurt on glycemic indexes and endothelial dysfunction markers in patients with metabolic syndrome. Methods: This was a randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled clinical trial of 44 patients with metabolic syndrome (22 men and 22 women), who were 20 to 65 y of age. The patients were assigned to either a treatment or control group and consumed 300g/d of probiotic yogurt containing Lactobacillus acidophilus La5 and Bifidobacterium lactis Bb12 or a regular yogurt for 2 mo, respectively. Each group contained 22 participants. Fasting blood glucose and serum insulin was performed to derive homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA‐IR), insulin sensitivity (Quicki), and HOMA of β‐cell function (HOMA‐ β). In addition, markers of vascular cell adhesion molecule cell (VCAM)‐1, intercellular adhesion molecule cell (ICAM)‐1, and plasminogen activator inhibitor (PAI)‐1 were measured to evaluate endothelial function at the beginning and at the end of the study. Results: Consumption of probiotic yogurt resulted in a significant reduction in the level of blood glucose and VCAM‐1. Significant changes in PAI‐1, VCAM‐1, insulin, HOMA‐IR, and Quicki were observed in the probiotic yogurt group after intervention compared with baseline. Conclusion: Consumption of probiotic yogurt improved fasting blood glucose and partly modified serum endothelial function markers. These results suggest that regular intake of probiotic yogurt may exert positive effects on the treatment of metabolic syndrome.
Vytorin inhibits the pro-inflammatory effects of cream in type 2 diabetic patients$$$ Our previous work has shown that ingestion of cream or fast food meal induces an increase in oxidative stress and inflammation in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (MNC). Since vytorin (combination of simvastatin and ezetamibe) lowers plasma concentrations of LDLc, which exerts a proinflammatory effect, we hypothesized that vytorin intake in type 2 diabetics may exert an anti‐inflammatory effect and also inhibit the pro‐inflammatory effect of cream. Twenty type 2 diabetic patients were randomized to either vytorin or placebo treatment for 6 weeks. Patients in both groups ingested 33g of cream (about 70% saturated fat) and fasting and post‐cream challenge blood samples were obtained before and after treatment. The two groups had comparable age, BMI, HbA1c and gender distribution. Total cholesterol and LDLc concentrations were lowered at 6 weeks following vytorin (P<0.05). Cream induced significant increases in MNC expression of IL‐1β (by 105±18%), TNFα (by 97±12%), CD68 (by 48±8%), PECAM (by 66±10%), TLR‐4 (by 84±11%) and TLR‐2 (by 67±9%) at 0 week. Fasting MNC expression of IL‐ 1β and CD68 fell by 21±7 and 24±10, respectively, (P<0.05) following vytorin. The increase in expression of IL‐1β, CD68, TNFα and PECAM following cream was suppressed significantly by 74±15%, 68±13%, 67±14% and 45±9%, respectively, compared to 0 week) in the vytorin group. In addition, the expression of TLR‐2 and TLR‐4 were paradoxically suppressed following cream at 6 weeks by 21±8% and 18±7%, respectively, vs. 0hr in vytorin group. Vytorin treatment also suppressed fasting and cream induced increase in LPS concentrations in plasma (by 24% and 26%, P<0.05, vs. baseline at 0 week). Fasting concentrations of CRP, FFA and IL‐18 also fell significantly by 32±11%, 19±8% and 15±4%, respectively, following vytorin. We conclude that vytorin reduces fasting and cream‐induced expression of pro‐inflammatory mediators. Further studies are needed to investigate whether the observed effects are due to simvastatin or ezetamibe or both.
Effect of eight weeks' endurance training along with fenugreek ingestion on lipid profile, body composition, insulin resistance and vo2max in obese women's with type2 diabetes$$$ Background: Physical activity combined with some herbal supplementations can affect body energy metabolism, blood lipids and physical fitness levels. However, the effect of exercise training combined with fenugreek on lipid metabolism and body composition in patients with type2 diabetes is unknown. Objective: The aim of present study was to investigate the effects of eight weeks' endurance training along with fenugreek seed supplement on lipid profile, body composition, insulin resistance and VO2max in obese women with type2 diabetes. Methods: For conducting present study, 40 obese women with type2 diabetes and mean age 44.2 ± 2.5 years and body mass index (BMI) 32.58±1.67 kg/m2 assigned in four groups (each group 10 person) include Placebo, Fenugreek, Exercise training and Exercise training+Fenugreek groups. Running endurance training program performed for eight weeks, three sessions in a week and 30‐ 55 minutes in each session. Training intensity increased from %45 reserve heart rate in the first week to %65 reserve heart rate in the last week. Subjects in Fenugreek and Exercise training+ Fenugreek groups consumed daily 15g fenugreek seeds mixed with yogurt in three meals (each meal five g) include morning, noon and night. Results: Results indicate a significant decrease of percent body fat and significant increase of VO2max in both trained groups (P<0.05). Moreover, lipid profile improvement and glucose and insulin resistance decrease in Exercise training groups were significant. In addition, HDL‐c increase and LDL‐c decrease in Exercise+Fenugreek group was also significant compared to Exercise alone. Conclusion: Fenugreek consumption increases the endurance training induced adaptations in obese women afflicted with type 2 diabetes.
Effect of dairy foods on insulin resistance$$$ While studies have shown an inverse relationship between dairy consumption and metabolic abnormalities such as hypertension, obesity, diabetes, metabolic syndrome and insulin resistance, the mechanisms have not been fully elucidated. Some evidence exists that dairy‐rich diets produce an ideal ionic cellular environment which may improve insulin resistance. Adults with untreated hypertension (n=19) were fed 3 experimental diets (5 wk each) in a randomized crossover study design. Treatments included a high dairy, high fruits and vegetables diet (30% fat, 7% saturated fat [SFA], 3.4 servings [svg]/d dairy, 9.6 svg/d fruits and vegetables (F&V)), a low dairy, high fruits and vegetables diet (30% fat, 7% SFA, 0.4 svg/d dairy, 9.6 svg/d F&V), and an average Western diet (36% fat, 15% SFA, 0.4 svg/d dairy, 3.6 svg/d F&V). Blood levels of insulin and glucose were measured at baseline and after each diet period. Insulin resistance was determined using the homeostatic model assessment (HOMA) equation and the quantitative insulin‐sensitivity check index (QUICKI). There were no significant differences between treatments for any endpoint. The addition of 3 servings of dairy did not impact markers of insulin resistance in this small study of hypertensive, non‐diabetic participants.
Effects of an isocaloric high-protein diet on inflammatory status in type 2 diabetes$$$ Background: Previous studies reported both favourable and adverse impacts of high‐protein diet in type 2 diabetes. Our aim was to compare effects of two isocaloric high‐protein diets of animal (AP) and plant (PP) origin on inflammatory status of diabetic patients. Materials: 20 diabetic individuals (age 65 ± 6 years, BMI 30.5 ± 3.6 kg/m2, HbA1c 7.0 ± 0.6%) were randomized to either AP or PP diet (25‐30% protein, 40% carbohydrates, 30‐35% fat) for 6 weeks. The AP diet (n = 10) was rich in meat and dairy foods, while the PP group (n = 10) received high amount of legumes and pea protein. Before and after dietary intervention, standardized meal tests were performed. Serum proteins were measured using ELISA (IL‐1ra, IL‐18, MCP‐1, adiponectin) and bead‐based multiplex assays (IL‐12p70, IL‐4, IL‐8, IFNγ, IL‐1β, IL‐2, IL‐6, IL‐10, IL‐17A, TNFα). In ex vivo experiments, whole‐blood samples were treated with 100 ng/ml LPS for 20h. Results: After dietary intervention, serum C‐reactive protein level was reduced in the AP, but not in the PP group. High‐protein diet induced a decrease of adiponectin and IL‐8 in both groups and of IL‐18 in the AP group. Ex vivo experiments confirmed the reduction of the LPS‐induced IL‐18 secretion in the AP group. In the PP group, serum TNFα was decreased, and IL‐12p70 increased after dietary intervention. Conclusion: Both AP and PP isocaloric diets have slight anti‐inflammatory influence in subjects with type 2 diabetes, but differ in their detailed effects.
Comparative effect of two Mediterranean diets versus a low-fat diet on glycaemic control in individuals with type 2 diabetes$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Although benefits have been attributed to the Mediterranean diet, its effect on glycaemic control has not been totally elucidated. The aim of this work was to compare the effect of two Mediterranean diets versus a low‐fat diet on several parameters and indices related to glycaemic control in type 2 diabetic subjects. SUBJECTS/METHODS: A multicentric parallel trial was conducted on 191 participants (77 men and 114 women) of the PREDIMED study in order to compare three dietary interventions: two Mediterranean diets supplemented with virgin olive oil (n=67$$$ body mass index (BMI)=29.4±2.9) or mixed nuts (n=74$$$ BMI=30.1±3.1) and a low‐fat diet (n=50$$$ BMI=29.8±2.8). There were no drop‐outs. Changes in body weight and waist circumference were determined. Insulin resistance was measured by HOMA‐IR index, adiponectin/leptin and adiponectin/HOMA‐R ratios after 1 year of follow‐up. RESULTS: Increased values of adiponectin/leptin ratio (P=0.043, P=0.001 and P<0.001 for low‐fat, olive oil and nut diets, respectively) and adiponectin/HOMA‐IR ratio (P=0.061, P=0.027 and P=0.069 for low‐fat, olive oil and nut diets, respectively) and decreased values of waist circumference (P=0.003, P=0.001 and P=0.001 for low‐fat, olive oil and nut diets, respectively) were observed in the three groups. In both Mediterranean diet groups, but not in the low‐fat diet group, this was associated with a significant reduction in body weight (P=0.347, P=0.003 and P=0.021 for low‐fat, olive oil and nut diets, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Mediterranean diets supplemented with virgin olive oil or nuts reduced total body weight and improved glucose metabolism to the same extent as the usually recommended low‐fat diet.
Effect of functional yogurt NY-YP901 in improving the trait of metabolic syndrome$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: This study was aimed to assess the beneficial effects on metabolic syndrome of functional yogurt NY‐YP901 (Namyang Dairy Product Co. Ltd and Nutra R&BT Inc., Seoul, Korea) supplemented with mixture of Streptococcus thermophilus, Lactobacillus acidophilus, Bifidobacterium infantis and extra‐ingredients containing Bifidobacterium breve (CBG‐C2), Enterococcus faecalis FK‐23, fibersol‐2 and so on. SUBJECTS/METHODS: This study was designed as an 8‐week randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, parallel study. Treatment and control groups consumed a functional yogurt NY‐YP901 (150 ml) and a placebo yogurt twice a day, respectively, for 8 weeks. Body weight and body mass index (BMI), blood pressure, lipid profiles, fasting glucose with HbA1C and waist circumference were measured before and after treatment. Inclusion criteria were healthy individuals between the ages 20‐65 years old who submitted an informed consent. RESULTS: During the period August 2009 to December 2009, 101 healthy participants (31 males and 70 females) finished the study. Treatment group were 53 individuals, and the control group were 48 individuals. In the treatment group consuming NY‐YP901, statistically significant beneficial changes were observed in body weight (treatment group vs control group=‐0.24±1.50 vs +0.64±1.39 kg, P<0.05), BMI (‐0.10±0.58 vs +0.24±0.50 kg/m(2), P<0.05 ) and low‐density lipoprotein (LDL)‐cholesterol (‐7.71±14.14 vs ‐0.43±15.32 mg/dl, P<0.05) after 8 weeks. The change in other parameters was not different between the treatment and the control groups. CONCLUSIONS: The functional yogurt NY‐YP901 reduced LDL‐cholesterol, body weight and BMI in the subjects at a 300‐ml consumption daily for 8 weeks. From these findings, regular intake of functional yogurt NY‐YP901 may be consequently related to improve metabolic syndrome.
Postprandial hyperglycemia and insulin response are affected by sea buckthorn (Hippophaë rhamnoides ssp. turkestanica) berry and its ethanol-soluble metabolites$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Repeated postprandial hyperglycemia and subsequent mild, late hypoglycemia as well as high postprandial insulin response lead to metabolic events that may eventually develop into type 2 diabetes. The aim of this study was to assess how sea buckthorn berries as well as two sea buckthorn extraction residues modulate the postprandial metabolism after a high‐glucose meal. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Ten healthy normal‐weight male volunteers consumed four study breakfasts, one control (A) and three sea buckthorn meals on four distinct study days. All the meals contained yoghurt and glucose (50 g). The sea buckthorn ingredients used were dried and crushed whole berries (meal B1), supercritical fluid (SF)‐carbon dioxide (CO(2))‐extracted oil‐free berries (meal B2) or ethanol‐extracted SF‐CO(2)‐extraction residue (meal B3). Blood samples for glucose, insulin and tumor necrosis factor‐α analyses were collected before and during the 6‐h study period. RESULTS: Meal B1 suppressed the postprandial peak insulin response when compared with meal A (Δconcentration of 30‐min peak value‐‐21.8 mU/l, P=0.039), and stabilized postprandial hyperglycemia and subsequent hypoglycemia (Δconcentration of 30‐min peak value‐‐120‐min value ‐30.4 mU/l, P=0.036). Furthermore, meal B2 resulted in a more stable insulin response than the control meal (Δconcentration of 30‐min peak value‐‐120‐min value ‐25.9 mU/l, P=0.037). CONCLUSIONS: Removal of the CO(2)‐soluble oil component from the berries did not show a significant change in the studied postprandial effects of the berries. The EtOH soluble components, again showed advantageous properties in both insulin and glucose responses.
Clinical application of probiotics in type 2 diabetes mellitus: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study$$$ BACKGROUND & AIMS: Type 2 diabetes has been associated with dysbiosis and one of the possible routes to restore a healthy gut microbiota is by the regular ingestion of probiotics. We aimed to investigate the effects of probiotics on glycemic control, lipid profile, inflammation, oxidative stress and short chain fatty acids in T2D. METHODS: In a double‐blind, randomized, placebo‐controlled trial, 50 volunteers consumed daily 120 g/d of fermented milk for 6 wk. Participants were assigned into two groups: probiotic group, consuming fermented milk containing Lactobacillus acidophilus La‐5 and Bifidobacterium animalis subsp lactis BB‐12 (109 colony‐forming units/d, each) and control group, consuming conventional fermented milk. Anthropometric measurements, body composition, fasting blood and faecal samples were taken at baseline and after 6 wk. RESULTS: 45 subjects out of 50 (90%) completed follow‐up. After 6 wk, there was a significant decrease in fructosamine levels (‐9.91 mmol/L$$$ p = 0.04) and hemoglobin A1c tended to be lower (‐0.67%$$$ p=0.06) in probiotic group. TNF‐α and resistin were significantly reduced in probiotic and control groups (‐1.5 and ‐1.3 pg/mL, ‐.1 and ‐2.8 ng/mL, respectively), while IL‐10 was significantly reduced (‐ 0.65 pg/mL$$$ p <0.001) only in the control group. Fecal acetic acid was increased in both groups (0.58 and 0.59% in probiotic and control groups, respectively$$$ p <0.01). There was a significant difference between groups concerning mean changes of HbA1c (+0.31 for control group vs ‐0.65 for probiotic group$$$ p=0.02), total cholesterol (+0.55 for control group vs ‐0.15 for probiotic group$$$ p=0.04) and LDL‐cholesterol (+0.36 for control group vs ‐0.20 for probiotic group p=0.03). CONCLUSIONS: Probiotic consumption improved the glycemic control in T2D subjects, however, the intake of fermented milk seems to be involved with others metabolic changes, such as decrease in inflammatory cytokines (TNF‐α and resistin) and increase in the acetic acid.
Consumption of Whey in Combination with Dairy Medium-Chain Fatty Acids (MCFAs) may Reduce Lipid Storage due to Urinary Loss of Tricarboxylic Acid Cycle Intermediates and Increased Rates of MCFAs Oxidation$$$ SCOPE: The aim of the paper is to investigate whether changes in the metabolome could explain observed changes in body composition in overweight adults after consumption of butter with high level of medium‐chain fatty acids (MCFAs) in combination with casein or whey. METHODS AND RESULTS: With GC‐TOF and LC‐Q/MS, metabolites in plasma and urine from a 12‐week randomized double‐blinded human intervention including 52‐abdominally overweight adults were analyzed. The participants consumed 63 g per day of milk fat (high or low in MCFAs) and 60 g per day of protein (whey or casein). Urinary loss of the tricarboxylic acid cycle metabolites and a concomitantly increase of glycerol in blood were observed in the whey + high‐MCFAs group, indicating potential lower anabolic processes, such as lipogenesis, by draining substrates. High intake of MCFAs resulted in elevated level of urinary adipic (independently of protein type) and plasma sebacic acid (with whey), indicating a potential increase in oxidation of MCFAs, which might lead to energy loss. CONCLUSION: The type of protein showed highest effect on the overall metabolic profiles, but ω‐oxidation of MCFAs in the liver seemed to be the main reason for the observed reduction in body fat mass after consumption of high MCFAs, independent of type of protein.
The effect of UHT-processed dairy milk on cardio-metabolic risk factors$$$ Background/Objectives:Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains a major cause of death worldwide. Whereas dairy generally is associated with a neutral or a beneficial CVD effect, the consumption of ultra‐high temperature (UHT)‐treated milk has been reported to increase levels of low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL‐C) in an uncontrolled study. Our aim was to examine whether semi‐skimmed UHT dairy milk increases the risk of CVD development compared with pasteurized (PAST) dairy milk in overweight healthy adults.Subjects/Methods:Nineteen healthy men and women participated in a randomized, controlled, crossover study. The effect of intake of 1.5 l of UHT dairy milk or PAST milk, similar in nutritional content, was examined as a supplement to the participant's habitual diet for 21 days in each intervention period. Intake of other dairy products was not allowed during the intervention period. Clinical evaluation and blood samples took place preintervention and postintervention.Results:There was no significant effect by type of milk on LDL‐C (P=0.29). No effects of type of milk were observed in other blood lipid levels, such as total cholesterol, high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol or triglycerides. No effects of type of milk were found for blood pressure, insulin, glucose concentration and insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance) or body weight.Conclusions:This study does not support the hypothesis that UHT processing of milk increases the risk of CVD.
Divided consumption of late-nightdinner improves glycemic excursions in patients with type 2 diabetes$$$ a randomized cross-over clinical trial$$$ Objective: Was to explore the acute effect of late‐night‐eating‐ dinner and the divided dinner on postprandial glucose and hormone secret ion in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2DM). Methods: Was a randomized, open‐label, cross‐over, within‐participant, clinical trial. During the test period, each participant wore a continuous glucose monitor (CGM) for 5 days and consumed identical test meals. The test meals consisted of white rice, white bread, milk, gluten meat and fried fish of frozen food, tomato (100 g × 3), spinach (80 g × 2), and broccoli (60 g), were provided by the research group. The energy ratios of test meals were 58%, 17%, and 25% from carbohydrates, proteins, and fat, respectively, and contained 21 g of dietary fiber. The energy ratios of breakfast, lunch, and dinner were 25% (400 kcal), 35% (540 kcal), and 40% (620 kcal), respectively. The participants consumed the first dish of vegetables for 5 min, then the main dish for 5 min, and rice/bread for 5 min of each test meal. The test meals were consumed in their entirety 15 min. Each participant consumed the test meals of breakfast at 0800 h, lunch at 1300 h, and dinner at 2100 h (D21h) or divided dinner (DD: tomatoes and rice at 1800 h and the spinach and gluten meat at 2100 h) on the second or the fourth day, and 1800 h (D18h) on the third day. Blood samples were taken at various time intervals: 0, 30, 60, 120 min after dinner on the D21h and the D18h, and 0, 30, 60, 120 min at 18:00, and 0, 30, 60, 120 min at 21:00 in the DD. The daily glucose parameters and pre‐ and postprandial levels for insulin were evaluated and compared among D18h, D21h, and DD. Results: Sixteen patients with T2DM (Age 70.6 ± 5.6 years, HbA1c 7.2 ± 0.6%, BMI 22.7 ± 2.6 kg/m2, mean ± SD) were assigned to the study. The mean amplitude of glycemic excursion (MAGE: D21h 6.9 ± 0.6 vs. D18h 5.6 ± 0.5 mmol/L, P<0.05, mean ± SEM), and incremental area under the curve (IAUC 2300‐0800) for glucose were significantly higher in the D21h compared to those in the D18h (D21h 643.5 ± 155.9 vs. D18h 147.0 ± 63.7 mmol/ L×min, P<0.01). On the other hand, MAGE (DD 5.5 ± 0.5 mmol/L, P<0.05) and IAUC 2300‐0800 for glucose of the DD (142.1 ± 60.0 mmol/L × min, P<0.01) were ameliorated compared to those of the D21h. In addition, compared with the D21h, the DD significantly reduced IAUC 0‐60 min for insulin after dinner (D21h 1,233 ± 213 vs. DD 452 ± 158 pmol/L × min, P<0.01). Conclusion: We firstly showed that consuming the latenight‐ dinner led to postprandial hyperglycemia and this postprandial hyperglycemia of the late‐night‐dinner can be ameliorated by consuming dinner dividedly in patients with T2DM. The strategy of consuming dinner dividedly might help patients with T2DM who cannot avoid eating late‐night‐dinner to lower the risk of obesity and the crucial contribution to prevent diabetic complications.
Altered Dairy Protein Intake Does Not Alter Circulatory Branched Chain Amino Acids in Healthy Adults: a Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Dairy, as a major component of a high protein diet, is a critical dietary source of branched chain amino acids (BCAA), which are biomarkers of health and diseases. While BCAA are known to be key stimulators of protein synthesis, elevated circulatory BCAA is an independent risk factor for type 2 diabetes mellitus. This study examined the impact of altered dairy intake on plasma BCAA and their potential relationship to insulin sensitivity. Healthy adults (n = 102) were randomized to receive dietary advice to reduce, maintain, or increase habitual dairy intake for 1 month. Food intake was recorded with food frequency questionnaires. Self‐reported protein intake from dairy was reported to be reduced (‐14.6 ± 3.0 g/day), maintained (‐4.0 ± 2.0 g/day) or increased (+13.8 ± 4.1 g/day) according to group allocation. No significant alterations in circulating free amino acids (AA), including BCAA, were measured. Insulin sensitivity, as assessed by homeostatic model assessment‐insulin resistance (HOMA‐IR), was also unaltered. A significant change in dairy protein intake showed no significant effect on fasting circulatory BCAA and insulin sensitivity in healthy populations.
The effect of UHT-processed dairy milk on cardio-metabolic risk factors$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains a major cause of death worldwide. Whereas dairy generally is associated with a neutral or a beneficial CVD effect, the consumption of ultra‐high temperature (UHT)‐treated milk has been reported to increase levels of low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL‐C) in an uncontrolled study. Our aim was to examine whether semi‐skimmed UHT dairy milk increases the risk of CVD development compared with pasteurized (PAST) dairy milk in overweight healthy adults. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Nineteen healthy men and women participated in a randomized, controlled, crossover study. The effect of intake of 1.5 l of UHT dairy milk or PAST milk, similar in nutritional content, was examined as a supplement to the participant's habitual diet for 21 days in each intervention period. Intake of other dairy products was not allowed during the intervention period. Clinical evaluation and blood samples took place preintervention and postintervention. RESULTS: There was no significant effect by type of milk on LDL‐C (P=0.29). No effects of type of milk were observed in other blood lipid levels, such as total cholesterol, high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol or triglycerides. No effects of type of milk were found for blood pressure, insulin, glucose concentration and insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance) or body weight. CONCLUSIONS: This study does not support the hypothesis that UHT processing of milk increases the risk of CVD.
Plant sterol-enriched fermented milk enhances the attainment of LDL-cholesterol goal in hypercholesterolemic subjects$$$ BACKGROUND: The number of hypercholesterolemic individuals who do not meet their cholesterol recommended targets is inappropriately high. The use of plant sterol‐enriched foods could help in this clinical setting. AIM OF THE STUDY: To evaluate the efficacy and side effects of plant sterol‐enriched fermented milk in reducing LDL‐cholesterol and increasing the number of patients who attain their therapeutic targets. METHODS: This was a multicentre, randomised, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, parallel clinical trial. Eighty‐three hypercholesterolemic patients that were not at therapeutic goals were studied. The patients received one 100 ml serving of either plain (control) low‐fat or phytosterol enriched (1.6 g of free sterol equivalents) drinkable yogurt per day along with the main meal for 42 days. The principal variables were variation on LDL cholesterol (LDL‐C) concentration and the number of patients achieving therapeutic goals after intervention. RESULTS: Patients on phytosterols attained an average LDL‐C reduction of more than 10% (12.2% after 3 weeks$$$ 10.6% after 6 weeks) (P = 0.001$$$ 95% CI: 4.03‐19.00) regardless of statin therapy compared to the control group. About 50% of the subjects on phytosterols, as compared to 20% of controls, attained their LDL‐C target values (<3.3 or <2.6 mmol/l for primary and secondary prevention, respectively) at the end of the study (P < 0.001). HDL‐cholesterol (HDL‐C) did not change and triglycerides (TG) were decreased by 14% (P < 0.018). The plasma sterols/total cholesterol ratio increased. CONCLUSIONS: Plant sterol‐enriched fermented milk significantly reduced LDL‐C and increased the number of moderately hypercholesterolemic patients achieving therapeutic targets.
Comparing the impact of saturated fatty acids from different dairy sources on the proteome of high density lipoproteins$$$ Background: High‐density lipoproteins (HDL) play different protective roles in the etiology of atherosclerosis. The anti‐inflammatory and antioxidant properties of HDL are of particular interest in that regard. Because dietary saturated fatty acids (SFAs) are known to increase HDL‐C concentrations, we investigated how consumption of SFAs from different dairy sources modifies HDL functions as reflected by changes in HDL proteomic profile compared to other dietary fats (monounsaturated ‐ MUFAs and polyunsaturated ‐ PUFAs) and a low‐fat diet/high carbohydrate diet. Methods: A randomized crossover controlled trial was conducted in 42 men and women with abdominal obesity and relatively low HDL‐C. Subjects were assigned to sequences of 5 isoenergetic diets of 4 weeks each (Table): 1) a diet rich in SFA from cheese (CHEESE)$$$ a diet rich in SFAs from butter (BUTTER)$$$ a diet rich in MUFA$$$ a diet rich in PUFA and a low‐fat, high carbohydrate diet (CHO). All foods were provided to the participants during the experimental phases. HDLs' proteome was assessed by mass‐spectrometry (MS) after isolation of the HDL fraction by sequential ultracentrifugation after each treatment. Results: Using conservative analytical procedures, a total of 66 unique proteins were quantified in the HDL fraction. There was no difference between any diets in the levels of HDL proteins known to be involved in oxidative processes and acute phase response. CHEESE increased levels of HDL proteins related to immune response, namely angiotensinogen (vs. BUTTER, P<0.05), and Ig gamma‐1 chain C region, platelet basic protein and vitronectin (vs. CHO diet, P<0.05). BUTTER increased levels of vitronectin (vs. CHO, P<0.05) but had no effect on other immune response proteins. Apolipoproteins A‐IV and C‐IV, which play key roles in cholesterol homeostasis, were significantly increased after CHEESE (vs. CHO, P<0.05) but not after BUTTER. Conclusions: This full‐feeding study suggest that SFAs from butter and cheese do not significantly influence the antioxidant and anti‐inflammatory properties of HDL compared with other dietary fats and CHO. However, immune response and cholesterol homeostasis proteins were modified by cheese but not by butter in comparison with CHO, consistent with a modest food matrix effect modifying the impact of SFAs on cardiometabolic health. Functional studies are necessary to confirm these findings.
Effects of soy protein and isoflavones on glycemic control and insulin sensitivity: a 6-mo double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial in postmenopausal Chinese women with prediabetes or untreated early diabetes$$$ BACKGROUND: In vitro and animal studies have suggested that soy protein and isoflavones have favorable effects on glucose and insulin regulation, but intervention studies in humans are limited, and the results are controversial. OBJECTIVE: We investigated whether soy protein with isoflavones and soy isoflavone extracts could improve glycemic control and insulin sensitivity in postmenopausal women with early hyperglycemia. DESIGN: This was a randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial that included 180 postmenopausal Hong Kong Chinese women with prediabetes or early untreated diabetes. After a 2‐wk adaptation period, participants were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 arms to receive 15 g soy protein and 100 mg isoflavones, 15 g milk protein and 100 mg isoflavones, or 15 g milk protein on a daily basis for 6 mo. RESULTS: Three‐ or 6‐mo treatments with soy protein with or without isoflavone supplementation did not result in favorable changes in the descriptors for glycemic control and insulin resistance, namely fasting and 2‐h postload glucose, fasting and postload insulin, glycated serum protein, and homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance and beta‐cell function. CONCLUSIONS: This 6‐mo randomized controlled trial did not support the hypothesis that soy protein with or without isoflavone supplementation had favorable effects on glycemic control and insulin sensitivity among postmenopausal Chinese women. The favorable change in postload glucose needs to be further confirmed.
Hypocholesterolaemic effect of a new fermented milk product in healthy middle-aged men$$$ OBJECTIVE: There are still controversies as to the potential beneficial effects of milk and fermented milk products on the level of lipoproteins. The objective of the present investigation was to test the effect of a moderate daily intake of a new fermented milk product, which was based on a bacterial culture obtained from the intestinal flora of inhabitants of Abkhasia, on the lipoprotein levels of a homogeneous group of middle‐aged Danish men. DESIGN: The study was randomised, double‐blind, and placebo‐controlled, and the intervention was performed for a period of 6 weeks. SUBJECTS: Fifty‐eight healthy, non‐obese, normocholesterolaemic, male volunteers born in 1949 of Danish descent participated (i.e. all were 44 years old). INTERVENTIONS: During the intervention period the subjects' habitual diets were supplemented with 200 ml/day of either the new fermented milk product or a placebo product (chemically fermented). The biologically fermented milk product contained Enterococcus faecium and two strains of Streptococcus termophilus. Fasting blood samples were drawn initially and after 3 and 6 weeks and analysed for plasma values of total cholesterol, high‐density lipoprotein (HDL)‐cholesterol and triglyceride. In addition, LDL‐cholesterol was estimated. RESULTS: After these 6 weeks total cholesterol was reduced significantly in the group given biologically fermented milk (‐0.37 mmol/l, confidence interval: ‐0.51 to ‐0.23) while no changes were observed in the placebo group (‐0.02 mmol/l) (P < 0.01). This reduction in total cholesterol could be completely ascribed to a fall in LDL‐cholesterol by 10% (i.e. ‐0.42 mmol/l) since HDL‐cholesterol and triglyceride were unchanged in both groups. CONCLUSIONS: Thus, this short‐term study (6 weeks) demonstrated an LDL‐cholesterol‐lowering effect (10% reduction) of a new fermented milk product in middle‐aged Danish men.
Post-prandial changes in bone turnover after high saturated fat challenge meals$$$ Biomarkers of bone turnover fluctuate over the course of a day$$$ these fluctuations are exaggerated with food intake. The effect of foods with differing fatty acid profiles on this phenomenon is unknown. We compared bovine milk saturated fatty acids (SFA) to plant‐based SFA on post‐prandial bone metabolism in overweight/obese subjects. Adult subjects (n=20) participated in a randomized controlled trial, consuming 2 isocaloric high fat meals (dairy cheese sandwich vs. vegan sandwich plus palm oil) separated by a 1‐2 week washout period. Blood samples were collected at baseline, 1, 3, and 6 hrs post‐prandial. Bone resorption marker C‐terminal telopeptide of type 1 collagen (CTx) and bone formation marker cross‐linked C‐telopeptide of type 1 collagen (C1CP) were measured by ELISA. Spearman's Correlation analyses showed that C1CP and CTx were significantly correlated at baseline for both treatments (dairy: rs=0.585, p=0.007$$$ palm oil: rs=0.630, p=0.003). These correlations remained significant at all time points for palm oil, but not dairy, suggesting a potentially more potent effect of dairy SFA. However, ANOVA revealed no significant effects of time or treatment on C1CP. CTx significantly decreased from baseline to 3 hrs after both dairy (p<0.0001) and palm oil (p<0.01), but there was no significant treatment effect. Differences in SFA composition between dairy and palm oil did not affect the postprandial response of CTx and C1CP in this study.
Effect of 12 week-consumption of color rice (Zuper rice) on anti-ageing, physical and psychological wellness promotion, and age-related disorders risk reduction in middle-aged and elderly volunteers$$$ INTERVENTION: Placebo Comparator Other,Experimental Dietary Supplement,Experimental Dietary Supplement Placebo,Zuper rice capsules 2 g/day,Zuper rice capsules 4 g/day Subjects received the placebo product which has the same color and smell and looks like Zuper rice capsules.,Subjects received capsules containing Zuper rice 2 g per day.,Subjects received capsules containing Zuper rice 4 g per day. CONDITION: Healthy condition $$$ Zuper rice$$$ Color rice$$$ Anti‐ageing$$$ Physical and psychological wellness$$$ Age‐related disorders Zuper rice$$$ Color rice$$$ Anti‐ageing$$$ Physical and psychological wellness$$$ Age‐related disorders PRIMARY OUTCOME: Telomere length 12 weeks qRT‐PCR method SECONDARY OUTCOME: Evaluation of Inflammatory markers$$$ PPAR, NF‐kB, TNF alpha, and IL‐6 12 weeks ELISA method,Evaluation of Nitric oxide (NO), Endothelin, Prostacyclin, ACE, AIP, VCAM1, ICAM1, and Selectin level 12 weeks ELISA method,Evaluation of Oxidative stress markers$$$ MDA, SOD, CAT, GSH‐Px, and 8‐OHDG 12 weeks ELISA method,Evaluation of Homocysteine and BDNF level 12 weeks ELISA method,Evaluation of Metabolic profiles$$$ Insulin, HbA1C, and HOMA‐IR 12 weeks laboratory,Evaluation of Vitamin B6, B9, B12, GABA and Total anthocyanin level 12 weeks laboratory,Evaluation of Skin ageing$$$ Hydration, Wrinkle and Elasticity 12 weeks observation,Evaluation of Endothelial function and Endothelial vascular ageing 12 weeks equipment,The changes of Computerized battery test 12 weeks equipment,The changes of Electrocardiogram 12 weeks Electrocardiography,Stool examination$$$ PH, Lactobacillus spp., and Bifidobacterium spp. 12 weeks laboratory,Evaluation of Physical and Psychological fitness 12 weeks equipment and questionnaire INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Aged between 45‐65 years old 2.Body Mass Inde X(BMI) 18‐25 kg/m2 3.DASS‐21 score less than 7 4. Do not consumption of probiotic foods such as Yakult, fermented milk, and yogurt on a regular basis
Impact of a High Intake of Dairy Product on Insulin Sensitivity in Hyperinsulinemic Adults: a Crossover Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Background: Dairy product intake has been associated with decreased risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D) in cohort studies. However, results from clinical trials on T2D‐related risk factors remain inconclusive. Objective: The aim of this clinical trial was to evaluate the impact of high dairy product intake (HD) (≥4 servings/d) for 6 wk, compared with an adequate dairy product intake (AD) (≤2 servings/d), on glycemic and insulinemic parameters, insulin sensitivity, insulin secretion, and β‐cell function in hyperinsulinemic adults. Methods: In this crossover clinical trial, hyperinsulinemic adults were randomly assigned to HD or AD for 6 wk, then crossed over after a 6‐wk washout period. Serum glucose, insulin, C‐peptide, HOMA‐IR, Matsuda index, insulinogenic index, and disposition index were measured and analyzed using a repeated‐measures mixed model adjusted for age, sex, and BMI. Anthropometric measures were collected and food intake was evaluated using a validated FFQ. Results: Nineteen men and 8 women completed the study (mean ± SD age: 55 ± 14 y$$$ BMI: 31.3 ± 3.3 kg/m2. Dairy product intake was 5.8 servings/d in the HD condition and 2.3 servings/d in the AD condition after 6 wk. No difference was observed between HD and AD after 6 wk for all outcomes. Conclusions: HD does not affect glycemic and insulinemic parameters, insulin sensitivity, insulin secretion, and β‐cell function over AD in hyperinsulinemic adults. Additional larger and longer studies assessing T2D‐related risk factors are required. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02961179.
Effect of dairy and nondairy snacks on postprandial blood glucose regulation in 9-14-year-old children$$$ In adults, dairy consumption improves short‐term blood glucose regulation. It is unknown if these short‐term benefits extend to children of different weight statuses. The objective of this study was to investigate the effect of a dairy and nondairy snack in both normal‐weight (NW) and overweight/obese (OW/OB) children on blood glucose regulation and food intake (FI). In a repeated‐measures crossover design, 11 NW and 7 OW/OB children (age: 9‐14 years), consumed, in random order, a dairy (Greek yogurt, 198.9 g, 171 kcal, 0 g fat, 17 g protein) or nondairy (mini sandwich‐type cookies, 37.5 g, 175 kcal, 7.5 g fat, 1.3 g protein) snack containing 25 g of available carbohydrates. Ad libitum FI was measured 120 min after snack consumption. Blood glucose, insulin, C‐peptide, and glucagon‐like peptide‐1 (GLP‐1) were measured at 0 min (before the snack), and at 30, 60, 90, and 120 min after snack consumption. Insulin secretion was calculated from deconvolution of C‐peptide. Hepatic insulin extraction was calculated as C‐peptide divided by insulin. FI did not differ between snacks (P = 0.55). Mean blood glucose was lower (P < 0.001) and insulin higher (P < 0.0001) in the 120 min after consuming the dairy snack. C‐Peptide concentrations (P = 0.75) and insulin secretion (P = 0.37) were not different between snacks. The increase in insulin was explained by reduced hepatic insulin extraction (P < 0.01). Consumption of the dairy snack also increased mean GLP‐1 concentrations (P < 0.001). In conclusion, consumption of a dairy snack by NW and OW/OB children results in reduced postprandial blood glucose concentrations and elevated circulating insulin compared with a nondairy snack possibly because of delayed hepatic insulin extraction.
Evaluation of blood cholesterol lowering effect of a novel functional fermented betaglucan enriched oat bran/milk based drink$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Test treatment ‐T: A Novel Functional Fermented Betaglucan Enriched Oat Bran/Milk Based Drink ‐ 230 gm Twice daily for 28 days Control Intervention1: Control treatment ‐R: Fermented milk based drink‐ 230 gm Twice daily for 28 days CONDITION: Hyperlipidemia PRIMARY OUTCOME: LDL‐Cholesterol‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 28 days SECONDARY OUTCOME: Serum Cholesterol, HDL‐ Cholesterol, Plasma Fasting Glucose, Triglyceride, Apoliprotein A1 and B, LDL‐C/HDL‐C ratio, Apo B/Apo A1 ratio, glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA1C), High sensitivity C‐reactive protein (hsCRP), Faecal microflora (Lactobacillus and Bifidobacterium spp)‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 28 days INCLUSION CRITERIA: i. Non‐smoking, hyperlipidemic, adult, human subjects between 18 and 70 years of age (both inclusive) living in and around Ahmedabad city or western part of India. ii. Having a Body Mass Index (BMI) between 20 and 30 (both inclusive), calculated as weight in kg/height in m2. iii. Not having significant diseases or clinically significant abnormal findings during screening, medical history, clinical examination, laboratory evaluations, 12 lead ECG, and chest X‐ray recordings (postero‐anterior view). iv. Able to understand and comply with the study procedures, in the opinion of the investigator. v. Subject must have a proper storage appliance (i.e. fridge) at home in working condition to store the IFP below 8Â° C. vi. Able to give voluntary written informed consent for participation in the trial. vii. Having serum cholesterol â?¥ 200 mg/dl. viii. Having LDL‐ cholesterol â?¥130 mg/dl. ix. In
Increased consumption of calcium from fat-free milk, energy-restricted diet and educational activities improves metabolic control in overweight type 2 diabetic patients$$$ We assessed the effects of increased Ca consumption from fat‐free milk in an energy‐restricted diet and educational activities in the metabolic control of overweight type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) patients. Fourteen subjects with T2DM (BMI 29·4 (sd 4·5) kg/m2, low habitual Ca consumption (<600 mg/d)) were included in this randomised, crossover clinical trial. Subjects were randomly allocated to one of the two interventions: drink containing 700 mg of Ca (DAIR) or drink containing 0 mg of Ca (CONT) for ninety consecutive days each. Energy‐restricted diets (‐500 kcal/d$$$ ‐2092 kJ/d), containing 800 mg of Ca from dietary sources/d, were prescribed for both groups. Questionnaires were applied at baseline and at the end of the study to assess the subjects' knowledge on the disease and on self‐care, biochemical variables and physical activity. Blood pressure, food intake, body composition and anthropometry were assessed at baseline, days 45 and 90. There was a higher reduction of body fat %, waist circumference, hip circumference, neck circumference, waist:hip ratio, sagittal abdominal diameter, diastolic/systolic blood pressure and an increase in fat‐free mass % in DAIR than in CONT. Uric acid, fasting glucose, Hb1Ac, parathyroid hormone and alanine aminotransferase concentrations reduced and vitamin D concentration increased after 90 d in DAIR compared with CONT. The consumption of energy‐restricted diet containing 1200 mg Ca/d seems to favour metabolic control in subjects with T2DM. The educational activities increased the knowledge on the disease care.
Comparing the effect of a high SFA diet and high fructose diet on hepatic insulin sensitivity$$$ INTERVENTION: Participants follow a 4‐week high SFA diet and a 4‐week high fructose diet. Examples of products included in the high SFA diet include: Red meat, mature 48+ cheese, butter, all‐butter biscuits, full‐fat dairy products, milk chocolate. Examples of products included in the high fructose diet include: Fruit juices, soda drinks, candy, jam, syrup, sweetened cereals, cookies. The saturated fat diet will be high in fats (40‐50 En% vs. 20‐30 En% in the fructose diet) and will consist of about 20En% saturated fat (vs. 5En% in the fructose diet). The fructose diet will be high in carbohydrates (60‐70 En% vs. 35‐45 En% in the SFA diet) and will consist of about 20En% fructose (vs. 5En% in the SFA diet). CONDITION: 10018424 10019654 $$$ decreased insulin sensitivity $$$ Insulin resistance PRIMARY OUTCOME: The primary outcome is hepatic insulin sensitivity (suppression of EGP during $$$ clamp) upon a 4‐week high SFA diet versus a 4‐week fructose diet. $$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary outcomes are: $$$ ‐ de novo lipogenesis upon 4‐week high SFA versus 4‐week high fructose diet $$$ ‐ change in (baseline‐end intervention) hepatic SFA fraction upon 4‐week high $$$ SFA versus 4‐week high fructose. $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ Participants are able to provide signed and dated written informed consent prior to any study specific procedures ‐ Participants should have suitable veins for cannulation or repeated venipuncture ‐ Women are post‐menopausal (defined as at least 1 year post cessation of menses) ‐ Aged >= 45 and <= 75 years ‐ Body mass inde X(BMI) 27 ‐ 38 kg/m2 ‐ Stable dietary habits (no weight loss or gain >5kg in the past 3 months) ‐ Sedentary lifestyle (not more than 2 hours of sports per week) ‐ No signs of active cardiovascular disease, liver or kidney malfunction ‐ Liver fat content >= 2% weight/weight.
Impact of Dairy Intake on Plasma F2-IsoProstane Profiles in Overweight Subjects with Hyperinsulinemia: a Randomized Crossover Trial$$$ F2‐IsoProstanes (F2‐IsoPs) are major biomarkers of oxidative stress and are associated with type 2 diabetes (T2D). Further, plasma levels of F2‐IsoPs may be modified by dairy products. The aim is to investigate the effect of high dairy product (HD) consumption compared to an adequate dairy product (AD) consumption on the level of F2‐IsoPs among hyperinsulinemic subjects. In this crossover study, participants were randomized in two groups: HD (≥4 servings/day), or AD (≤2 servings/day) for six weeks. Fasting blood glucose and insulin were measured. The homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA‐IR) was calculated. Six isomers of F2‐IsoPs were quantified by HPLC‐MS/MS. Twenty‐seven subjects with hyperinsulinemia (mean age$$$ 55 ± 13 years, BMI$$$ 31.4 ± 3.3 kg/m2) were included. Fasting glucose, insulin and HOMA‐IR were unchanged after HD or AD intervention. After HD intake, the total level of F2‐IsoPs (p = 0.03), 5‐F2t‐IsoP (p = 0.002), and 8‐F2t‐IsoP (p = 0.004) decreased compared to AD. The 15‐F2t‐IsoP tended to be positively correlated with fasting blood glucose (r = 0.39, p = 0.08). Generally, F2‐IsoPs levels were higher among men compared to women regardless of the dairy intake. Overall, intake of HD decreased plasma levels of F2‐IsoPs compared to AD without modifying glycemic parameters.
Study to Evaluate Efficacy, Safety and Tolerability of Topical Ointment in Patients with Diabetic Foot Ulcer$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Topical Cream: Topical preparation of Cayene 0.05% + Cedar wood oil 5% + Burdock oil 5% + Golden seal extract 5%+ Haldi Oil 5% + Gandhaka 5%+ Tankana Amla 5% to be applied over the affected area once daily for 6 weeks. Control Intervention1: Standard Therapy: Participants will be treated with standard regular therapy. CONDITION: Diabetic Foot Ulcer Patients PRIMARY OUTCOME: Re‐ epithelialization of wound as determined by the investigator‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: From Baseline to End of study SECONDARY OUTCOME: Measurement of percent wound area reduction as determined by the investigator $$$ Safety will be assessed based on the adverse effects as mentioned by the patient and evaluated by the investigator $$$ Tolerability will be assessed based on the adverse effects as evaluated by the investigator‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: From Baseline to End of study Measurement of percent wound area reduction as determined by the investigator‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: From Baseline to End of study INCLUSION CRITERIA: Subject with Type 2 diabetes mellitus. Glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) of â?¥ 6.5% and â?¤12% within the past 90 days Subject with wound which is either Wagner grade 1 or grade 2 Subject with wound area between 1cm2 and 16 cm2 in area Subject with Ulcer located on the foot, distal to malleoli. Adequate circulation to the affected extremity Serum creatinine of <3.0mg/dl. Willingness and able to give informed consent and comply with requirements for participation in the study.
A randomized controlled clinical trial investigating the effect of DASH diet on insulin resistance, inflammation, and oxidative stress in gestational diabetes$$$ OBJECTIVE: To our knowledge, no reports are available indicating the effects of the dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH) eating plan on insulin resistance, inflammation, and oxidative stress among pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). This study was designed to investigate the effects of the DASH diet on insulin resistance, serum high‐sensitivity C‐reactive protein (hs‐CRP) and biomarkers of oxidative stress among pregnant women with GDM. METHODS: This randomized controlled clinical trial was performed with 32 pregnant women diagnosed with GDM at 24 to 28 wk gestation. Participants were randomly assigned to consume either the control (n = 16) or DASH diet (n = 16) for 4 wk. The DASH diet was rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and low‐fat dairy products and was low in saturated fats, total fats, cholesterol, refined grains, and sweets, with a total of 2400 mg/d of sodium. The control diet contained 40% to 55% of its energy as carbohydrates, 10% to 20% as proteins, and 25% to 30% as total fats. Fasting blood samples were taken at baseline and after 4 wk of intervention to measure fasting plasma glucose (FPG), serum insulin, and hs‐CRP, homeostasis model of assessment‐insulin resistance (HOMA‐IR), plasma total antioxidant capacity (TAC), and total glutathione levels (GSH). RESULTS: Consumption of the DASH diet compared with the control diet resulted in decreased FPG (‐7.62 versus 3.68 mg/dL$$$ P = 0.02), serum insulin levels (‐2.62 versus 4.32 μIU/mL, P = 0.03), and HOMA‐IR score (‐0.8 versus 1.1$$$ P = 0.03). Increased concentrations of plasma TAC (45.2 versus ‐159.2 mmol/L$$$ P < 0.0001) and GSH (108.1 versus ‐150.9 μmol/L$$$ P < 0.0001) also were seen in the DASH group compared with control group. We failed to find a significant difference in mean changes of serum hs‐CRP levels between the two diets. Within‐group comparisons revealed significant reductions in plasma TAC and GSH levels in the control diet, while a significant increase in these biomarkers in the DASH diet. CONCLUSION: Consumption of the DASH diet in pregnant women with GDM had beneficial effects on FPG, serum insulin levels, HOMA‐IR score, plasma TAC, and total GSH levels. The effects of this dietary pattern on pregnancy outcomes need to be investigated in future studies.
Does the "mediterranization" of a Brazilian meal induce cardiovascular and metabolic benefits?$$$ INTERVENTION: Crossover study of dietary intervention in breakfast. 80 overweight adults with at least one more cardiovascular risk factor underwent two interventions in breakfasts, with a 4‐week duration and 2‐week washout between interventions. 39 individuals received foods for a typical Brazilian breakfast consisting of coffee (60ml) with whole milk (180ml), sugar (10g), french bread (50g) and butter (15g) with mozzarella cheese (32g) and consumed at breakfast, at home for 4 weeks. After 2 weeks of washout they received the "Mediterranized" breakfast foods consisting of coffee (60ml) with skim milk (180ml), sugar (10g), whole wheat bread (50g) with ricotta cream (40g) with olive oil (16ml) and peanuts (10g) and consumed at home for four weeks. In the other group, 41 individuals received firstly the food for the "Mediterranized"breakfast followed by two weeks of washed. After the washout period they received the foods for the typical Brazilian breakfast. Before and after 4 weeks of Brazilian breakfast both groups underwent a fat tolerance test was done with a meal rich in saturated fatty acids and with the same typical Brazilian breakfast foods. Before and after intervention with "Mediterranized" breakfast participants received a meal rich in unsaturated fatty acids and with the same foods of the "Mediterranized" breakfast . In these occasions participants fasting blood samples were collected in fasting and every hour after consumption of the meal for evaluation and total cholesterol fractions, blood glucose, insulin and inflammatory markers (C‐reactive protein, TNF‐alpha, interferon‐gamma, interleukin 1, 6, 8, 10 and 17). The effects of the interventions were assessed by changes in total cholesterol and its fractions, glucose and inflammatory markers in plasma, always comparing values ??before and after each intervention. Dietary supplement E02.642.249.270 CONDITION: C18.452.584.500.500.396 C18.654.726.500.697 Reduction of cardiovascular disease risk$$$ nutrition diseases$$$ hypercolesterolemia$$$ abdominal obesity. $$$ C18.452.584.500.500.396 $$$ C18.654.726.500.697 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Changes in mean LDL plasma cholesterol (mg/dl) of, at least, 10% in relation to baseline values after 4 weeks of "Mediterranized" breakfast and maintenance of values after 4 weeks of Brazilian breakfast. No differences were observed in plasma LDL cholesterol concentrations before and after "Mediterranized" or Brazilian breakfasts. The values were maintained throughout the study. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Both sexes, aged between 35 and 69 years Body mass index between 25 and 40 kg / m2 with at least one of the following criteria: triglycerides above 150 mg/dl$$$ total cholesterol above 230 mg/dL or LDL‐C above 100 mg/dl or plasma fasting glucose between 100 and 124 mg/dl. SECONDARY OUTCOME: After 4 weeks of intervention "Mediterranized" breakfast it was observed a significant increase in HDL concentrations by 5% and reductions in c‐reactive protein concentrations, interleukin‐8 and monocyte chemoattractant protein by 10%. After Brazilian breakfast there was an increase of at least 25% in markers interleukin 1 beta, 6, 8 and 17 Interferon‐Gamma, tumor necrosis factor alpha and selectin. Reductions of at least 10% in the concentrations of glucose and triglycerides are expected as well as similar increases in HDL concentrations and 10% reduction in insulin and pro‐inflammatory markers (C‐reactive protein, adiponectin, interleukin 1 beta, 6, 8:17 , interferon‐gamma and monocyte chemoattractant protein 1, alpha tumor necrosis factor, E‐selectin, fibrinogen) and the expression of genes after Mediterranized breakfast. It is expected the manteinance of values after Brazilian breakfast. The variables concentrations will be assessed by standard methods: glucose oxidase for glucose, colorimetric‐enzymatic method for cholesterol and triglycerides and ELISA kits for insulin and inflammatory markers. Differences will be established by finding reductions or increases of at least 10% compared to pre‐intervention values.
The interaction between ChREBP rs3812316 gene variant and FiberCreme-IMO cookies on triglyceride levels of hyperlipidemic subjects$$$ A high‐fiber diet can reduce the triglyceride levels of hyperlipidemic subjects. FiberCreme‐IMO is a non‐dairy creamer product containing fiber that potentially improves the triglyceride profile. Genetic variants of ChREBP rs3812316 may affect triglyceride response on the consumption of FiberCreme‐IMO cookies. This study investigated the effect of FiberCreme‐IMO on triglyceride levels and the interaction between FiberCreme‐IMO and genotypes of ChREBP rs3812316 on triglyceride levels of hyperlipidemic subjects. Fifty adults with hyperlipidemia were assigned into two groups: one group consumed cookies made from FiberCreme‐IMO (n=25), and another consumed control cookies containing coconut milk powder (n=25). Each subject consumed 80 grams of cookies per day for four weeks. Serum triglycerides were measured at baseline and four weeks after treatment. Genotypes of ChREBP rs3812316 were analyzed at the end of the study using PCR‐RFLP. FiberCreme‐IMO cookies reduced the triglyceride levels compared to control cookies, but the reduction was not statistically significant (p>0.05). There was no significant interaction between FiberCreme‐IMO cookies and ChREBP rs3812316 on the triglyceride levels. This study suggests that FiberCreme‐IMO ameliorated the triglyceride levels of hyperlipidemic subjects after four weeks of consumption.
The Effects of a Hypocaloric Diet Containing Peanuts on Weight Loss, Glycemic Control and Blood Pressure: a 6-Month Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Objectives: The objective was to examine the effect of consuming peanuts prior to two main meals per day as part of a hypocaloric weight loss diet, compared to a hypocaloric diet devoid of peanuts, on body weight, hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), and blood pressure. Methods: A two‐arm, randomized, controlled trial was conducted. Adults (age >18 years) with a BMI of >26 kg/m2 at increased risk of type 2 diabetes (AUSDRISK score >12) were randomized to the peanut group or the traditional low fat diet group (control). The peanut group was advised to consume 35 g of lightly salted, roasted peanuts prior to two main meals per day. Participants in the control group were asked to avoid peanuts/peanut butter for the duration of the trial. Both diet groups were advised to restrict energy intake (women: 5500 kJ/1300 kcal/d$$$ men: 7000 kJ/1700 kcal/d). Outcome assessment occurred at baseline, 3 and 6 months. Results: In total, 107 participants were randomized (65% female$$$ mean age 58 ± 14 years, BMI 33 ± 5.4 kg/m2, waist circumference 109 ± 13 cm, AUSDRISK score of 15 ± 5) and 76 participants completed the study. No between‐group difference in body weight (primary outcome) was observed (p = 0.90). Mean weight loss at 6 months was 6.7 ± 5.1 kg in the cohort (p value for time < 0.001). HbA1c was lowered over time (0.1 ± 0.2%$$$ p < 0.001) with no between group difference (p = 0.80). Systolic blood pressure was reduced to a greater extent in the peanut group vs. the control group (mean difference –5.0 mmHg$$$ 95% CI –9.6 to –1.1 p = 0.014). Conclusions: Intake of 35 g of peanuts prior to two main meals per day, in the context of a hypocaloric diet, resulted in weight loss comparable to a traditional weight loss diet. Greater systolic blood pressure reductions were observed with peanut intake suggesting this weight loss approach may confer greater cardiovascular risk reduction. Funding Sources: The Peanut Institute.
Study on Glucose response to an nutritional beverage among adults with type 2 diabetes$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Test Food: 2 serve of Nutritional beverage with skimmed milk for 14 days Control Intervention1: Control food: 2 serve of comparator beverage with skimmed milk for 14 days CONDITION: Health Condition 1: E118‐ Type 2 diabetes mellitus with unspecified complications PRIMARY OUTCOME: The effect of nutritional beverage on 24hour glycemic response.Timepoint: 14 days continuous glucose monitoring using Abbott Free style Libre SECONDARY OUTCOME: To assess the effect of nutritional beverage on satiety level of participants.Timepoint: 2 points (base and end of each intervention period INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1Patients with type 2 diabetes on stable doses of oral hypoglycaemic agents (OHA) for a period of minimum 3 months and not receiving insulin Male or Female between 30 years to 65 years of age HbA1c between 7% to 11% both inclusive If on anti‐hypertensive, lipid‐lowering, or thyroid medications or hormone therapy, has been on constant dosage for at least 3 months prior to screening visit. Willing to give written informed consent Willing to comply with the requirements of the protocol
Medium-Term Yogurt Consumption Maintains Plasma IL-10 Relative to a Non-Dairy Control Food in Healthy Women With Overweight or Obesity: a Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Objectives: To understand the impact of yogurt consumption on chronic inflammation in healthy women with elevated BMI. Methods: We conducted a randomized controlled cross‐over trial that included healthy women with BMI above 25 kg/m2 and aged 21–55 years old. The dietary intervention consisted of two cycles of 4‐week consumption of a low‐fat dairy yogurt or nondairy control food at 12 oz/day separated by a 4‐week wash‐out period. Dietary assessments by Automated Self‐Administered 24‐ Hour Dietary Assessment Tool (ASA24) and collection of fasting blood and fecal samples were conducted at the baseline (T1) and end of each dietary intervention (T2). Blood inflammatory markers (TNF‐α, IFN‐ γ, IL‐4, IL‐6, IL‐10, IL‐17A, IL‐22, TGF‐β) were measured by Meso Scale Discovery assays, and fecal calprotectin was measured by ELISA. The differences in the measurements between T1 and T2 were divided by the levels at T1 (normalized difference, ND). A linear mixed effects model combined with the analysis of variance test was applied to assess the group difference. The trial was registered at Clinicaltrials.gov as NCT04149418. Results: At study completion, 39 participants were enrolled, but 19 participants were dropped from the study due to illness, use of anti‐inflammatories, antibiotics, or personal reasons. Among the 20 participants who completed the study, the mean BMI was 31.4±5.5 kg/m2 and mean age was 29.7±8.5 years old. Nineteen subjects completed all ASA24 assessments, and nutrient intakes were not different between the groups. The ND of IL‐10 had a significant group difference (p=0.043), where the level was maintained by yogurt consumption (ND=−0.18±22.0%), but control food consumption reduced IL‐10 (ND=−16.7±28.9%). Additionally, although yogurt consumption tended to reduce IL‐6 (ND=−2.8±27.9%), control food consumption had the opposite effect (ND=15.8±35.4%), and the group difference had a p‐value that approached to the significance (p=0.063). The other inflammatory markers and fecal calprotectin did not vary between the interventions. Conclusions: Relative to a non‐dairy control food, yogurt consumption modestly changed biomarkers related to chronic inflammation in healthy women with elevated BMI. These changes may reflect differences in circulating immune cell profiles. Funding Sources: National Dairy Council, University of Wisconsin Dairy Innovation Hub.
Effect of two types of soy milk and dairy milk on plasma lipids in hypercholesterolemic adults: a randomized trial$$$ OBJECTIVE: To compare the effects of two commercially available soy milks (one made using whole soy beans, the other using soy protein isolate) with low‐fat dairy milk on plasma lipid, insulin, and glucose responses. DESIGN: Randomized clinical trial, cross‐over design. SUBJECTS: Participants were 30‐65 years of age, n = 28, with pre‐study LDL‐cholesterol (LDL‐C) concentrations of 160‐220 mg/dL, not on lipid lowering medications, and with an overall Framingham risk score of <or=10%. INTERVENTION: Participants were required to consume sufficient milk to provide 25 g protein/d from each source. The protocol included three 4‐week treatment phases, each separated from the next by a wash‐out period of >or=4 weeks. RESULTS: Mean LDL‐C concentration at the end of each phase (+/‐ SD) was 161 +/‐ 20, 161 +/‐ 26 and 170 +/‐ 24 mg/dL for the whole bean soy milk, the soy protein isolate milk, and the dairy milk, respectively (p = 0.9 between soy milks, p = 0.02 for each soy milk vs. dairy milk). No significant differences by type of milk were observed for HDL‐cholesterol, triacylglycerols, insulin, or glucose. CONCLUSION: A 25 g dose of daily soy protein from soy milk led to a modest 5% lowering of LDL‐C relative to dairy milk among adults with elevated LDL‐C. The effect did not differ by type of soy milk and neither soy milk significantly affected other lipid variables, insulin or glucose.
Independent and interactive effects of plant sterols and fish oil n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids on the plasma lipid profile of mildly hyperlipidaemic Indian adults$$$ The present study was designed to evaluate the independent and interactive effects of a once‐a‐day yoghurt drink providing 2 g plant sterols/d and capsules providing 2 g fish oil n‐3 long‐chain (LC) PUFA/d on plasma lipids, apolipoproteins and LDL particle size. Following a 2‐week run‐in period, 200 mildly hypercholesterolaemic Indian adults aged 35‐55 years were randomised into one of four groups of a 2 x 2 factorial, double‐blind controlled trial. The 4‐week treatments consisted of (1) control yoghurt drink and control capsules, (2) control yoghurt drink and fish oil capsules, (3) plant sterol‐enriched yoghurt drink and control capsules, or (4) plant sterol‐enriched yoghurt drink and fish oil capsules. Blood was drawn before and after the 4‐week intervention. Changes in health status, lifestyle and dietary habits, and daily compliance were recorded. The main effects of plant sterols were a 4.5 % reduction in LDL‐cholesterol and a 15 % reduction in TAG without a significant change in HDL‐cholesterol. Overall, fish oil n‐3 LC‐PUFA did not significantly affect cholesterol concentrations but reduced TAG by 15 % and increased HDL‐cholesterol by 5.4 %. The combination significantly lowered TAG by 15 % v. control. No significant interaction between plant sterols and n‐3 LC‐PUFA was observed on plasma cholesterol concentrations. In conclusion, once‐a‐day intake of 2 g plant sterols/d in a yoghurt drink, 2 g fish oil n‐3 LC‐PUFA/d in capsules, and their combination had beneficial effects on the lipid profile of mildly hypercholesterolaemic Indian adults. The potent hypotriacylglycerolaemic effect of plant sterols observed in the present study and this population warrants additional investigation.
Effect of vitamin D supplementation on oral glucose tolerance in individuals with low vitamin D status and increased risk for developing type 2 diabetes (EVIDENCE): a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial$$$ AIMS: Low serum 25‐hydroxyvitamin‐D (25(OH)D) concentrations are associated with insulin resistance, β‐cell dysfunction and type 2 diabetes. We conducted a 24‐week double‐blind, randomized, placebo‐controlled trial to examine the effect of 28 000 IU of vitamin D3 once weekly on plasma glucose after a 2 hour‐75 g oral glucose tolerance test (2hrPC glucose), insulin sensitivity and β‐cell function. STUDY DESIGN AND METHODS: A total of 71 participants with serum 25(OH)D ≤65 nmol/L, impaired fasting glucose and elevated glycated hemoglobin were randomly assigned to receive 28 000 IU of vitamin D3 (VitD$$$ n = 35) or placebo (n = 36) in cheese once weekly for 24 weeks. The primary outcome was the change in 2hPC glucose. Secondary outcomes were fasting glucose, fasting and postprandial insulin, indices of insulin sensitivity and β‐cell function, glycated hemoglobin and lipid profile. Participants underwent an oral glucose tolerance test to determine 2hPC glucose. RESULTS: Mean baseline serum 25(OH)D was 48.1 and 47.6 nmol/L in the VitD and placebo groups, respectively. Serum 25(OH)D significantly increased to 98.7 nmol/L (51 nmol/L increase$$$ P < .0001) in the VitD group. No significant differences in fasting ( P = .42) or 2hPC glucose ( P = .55) or other indices of glucose metabolism, including β‐cell function and insulin sensitivity, were observed between groups. A subgroup analysis of individuals with 25(OH)D < 50 nmol/L and prediabetes did not change these results. The VitD group exhibited a significant reduction in LDL cholesterol (‐0.27 vs 0.01 mmol/L, P = .03). CONCLUSION: Weekly doses of vitamin D3 in individuals with suboptimal vitamin D levels who were at risk for type 2 diabetes did not improve oral glucose tolerance or markers of glycaemic status.
Effect of vitamin D supplementation on oral glucose tolerance in individuals with low vitamin D status and increased risk for developing type 2 diabetes (EVIDENCE): a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial$$$ Aims: Low serum 25‐hydroxyvitamin‐D (25(OH)D) concentrations are associated with insulin resistance, β‐cell dysfunction and type 2 diabetes. We conducted a 24‐week double‐blind, randomized, placebo‐controlled trial to examine the effect of 28 000 IU of vitamin D3 once weekly on plasma glucose after a 2 hour‐75 g oral glucose tolerance test (2hrPC glucose), insulin sensitivity and β‐cell function. Study Design and Methods: A total of 71 participants with serum 25(OH)D ≤65 nmol/L, impaired fasting glucose and elevated glycated hemoglobin were randomly assigned to receive 28 000 IU of vitamin D3 (VitD$$$ n = 35) or placebo (n = 36) in cheese once weekly for 24 weeks. The primary outcome was the change in 2hPC glucose. Secondary outcomes were fasting glucose, fasting and postprandial insulin, indices of insulin sensitivity and β–cell function, glycated hemoglobin and lipid profile. Participants underwent an oral glucose tolerance test to determine 2hPC glucose. Results: Mean baseline serum 25(OH)D was 48.1 and 47.6 nmol/L in the VitD and placebo groups, respectively. Serum 25(OH)D significantly increased to 98.7 nmol/L (51 nmol/L increase$$$ P <.0001) in the VitD group. No significant differences in fasting (P =.42) or 2hPC glucose (P =.55) or other indices of glucose metabolism, including β‐cell function and insulin sensitivity, were observed between groups. A subgroup analysis of individuals with 25(OH)D < 50 nmol/L and prediabetes did not change these results. The VitD group exhibited a significant reduction in LDL cholesterol (−0.27 vs 0.01 mmol/L, P =.03). Conclusion: Weekly doses of vitamin D3 in individuals with suboptimal vitamin D levels who were at risk for type 2 diabetes did not improve oral glucose tolerance or markers of glycaemic status.
A randomized controlled-feeding trial based on the Dietary Guidelines for Americans on cardiometabolic health indexes$$$ Background: The 2010 Dietary Guidelines for Americans (DGA) recommend nutrient needs be met by increasing fruit, vegetable, and whole‐grain intake with the use of low‐fat or fat‐free dairy products and by reducing sodium, solid fats, and added sugars. However, the DGA, as a dietary pattern, have not been tested in an intervention trial. Objective: The aim of this study was to evaluate the impact of a DGA‐based diet compared with a representative typical American diet (TAD) on glucose homeostasis and fasting lipids in individuals at risk of cardiometabolic disease. Design: A randomized, double‐blind, controlled 8‐wk intervention was conducted in overweight and obese women selected according to indexes of insulin resistance or dyslipidemia. Women were randomly assigned to the DGA or TAD group (n = 28 DGA and 24 TAD). The TAD diet was based on average adult intake from the NHANES 2009‐2010. The DGA and TAD diets had respective Healthy Eating Index scores of 98 and 62. All foods and beverages were provided during the intervention. Oral‐glucose tolerance and fasting lipids were evaluated at 0, 2, and 8 wk of the intervention. Insulin resistance and sensitivity were estimated with the use of surrogates (e.g., homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance). Results: By design, volunteers maintained their weight during the intervention. Fasting insulin, glucose, triglycerides, oral‐glucose tolerance, and indexes of insulin resistance were not affected by either of the diets. Systolic blood pressure decreased in the DGA group (∼‐9 mm Hg$$$ P < 0.05). Total and HDL cholesterol also decreased in both groups (P < 0.05). Exploratory analysis comparing volunteers entering the study with insulin resistance and dyslipidemia with those with only dyslipidemia did not show an effect of pre‐existing conditions on glucose tolerance or fasting lipid outcomes. Conclusions: The consumption of a DGA dietary pattern for 8 wk without weight loss reduced systolic blood pressure. There were no differences between the DGA and TAD diets in fasting insulin, glucose, indexes of insulin resistance, or fasting lipids. This trial was registered at www.clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02298725.
A randomized controlled-feeding trial based on the Dietary Guidelines for Americans on cardiometabolic health indexes$$$ Background: The 2010 Dietary Guidelines for Americans (DGA) recommend nutrient needs be met by increasing fruit, vegetable, and whole‐grain intake with the use of low‐fat or fat‐free dairy products and by reducing sodium, solid fats, and added sugars. However, the DGA, as a dietary pattern, have not been tested in an intervention trial. Objective: The aim of this study was to evaluate the impact of a DGA‐based diet compared with a representative typical American diet (TAD) on glucose homeostasis and fasting lipids in individuals at risk of cardiometabolic disease. Design: A randomized, double‐blind, controlled 8‐wk intervention was conducted in overweight and obese women selected according to indexes of insulin resistance or dyslipidemia. Women were randomly assigned to the DGA or TAD group (n = 28 DGA and 24 TAD). The TAD diet was based on average adult intake from the NHANES 2009‐2010. The DGA and TAD diets had respective Healthy Eating Index scores of 98 and 62. All foods and beverages were provided during the intervention. Oral‐glucose tolerance and fasting lipids were evaluated at 0, 2, and 8 wk of the intervention. Insulin resistance and sensitivity were estimated with the use of surrogates (e.g., homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance). Results: By design, volunteers maintained their weight during the intervention. Fasting insulin, glucose, triglycerides, oral‐glucose tolerance, and indexes of insulin resistance were not affected by either of the diets. Systolic blood pressure decreased in the DGA group ( ‐9 mm Hg$$$ P < 0.05). Total and HDL cholesterol also decreased in both groups (P < 0.05). Exploratory analysis comparing volunteers entering the study with insulin resistance and dyslipidemia with those with only dyslipidemia did not show an effect of pre‐existing conditions on glucose tolerance or fasting lipid outcomes. Conclusions: The consumption of a DGA dietary pattern for 8 wk without weight loss reduced systolic blood pressure. There were no differences between the DGA and TAD diets in fasting insulin, glucose, indexes of insulin resistance, or fasting lipids. This trial was registered atwww.clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02298725.
Estimating insulin demand for protein-containing foods using the food insulin index$$$ Background/objective:The Food Insulin Index (FII) is a novel algorithm for ranking foods on the basis of insulin responses in healthy subjects relative to an isoenergetic reference food. Our aim was to compare postprandial glycemic responses in adults with type 1 diabetes who used both carbohydrate counting and the FII algorithm to estimate the insulin dosage for a variety of protein‐containing foods.Subjects/methods:A total of 11 adults on insulin pump therapy consumed six individual foods (steak, battered fish, poached eggs, low‐fat yoghurt, baked beans and peanuts) on two occasions in random order, with the insulin dose determined once by the FII algorithm and once with carbohydrate counting. Postprandial glycemia was measured in capillary blood glucose samples at 15‐30min intervals over 3 h. Researchers and participants were blinded to treatment.Results:Compared with carbohydrate counting, the FII algorithm significantly reduced the mean blood glucose level (5.7+0.2vs 6.5+0.2 mmol/l, P=0.003) and the mean change in blood glucose level (‐0.7+0.2 vs 0.1+0.2 mmol/l, P=0.001). Peak blood glucose was reached earlier using the FII algorithm than using carbohydrate counting (34+5 vs 56+7 min, P=0.007). The risk of hypoglycemia was similar in both treatments (48% vs 33% for FII vs carbohydrate counting, respectively, P=0.155).Conclusions:In adults with type 1 diabetes, compared with carbohydrate counting, the novel FII algorithm improved postprandial hyperglycemia after consumption of protein‐containing foods.
Clinical trial on Foot Ulcer in diabetes$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: AHPL/AYTOP/0113â?? cream: : Each gm of cream contains % of ingredients (w/w) Jatyadi Taila (Classical Ayurvedic Formulation), Ashvattha Extract, (Ficus religiosa), Nyagrodha Extract (Ficus bengalensis), Mandukaparni Extract (Centella asiatica) Shala Extract (Shorea robusta) Yashtimadhuka Extract (Glycyrrhiza glabra) Nimba Extract (Azadirachta indica) Karanja Extract (Pongamia glabra) Yashad Bhasma (Classical Ayurvedic Formulation) Dose & Treatment Duration: Apply sufficient quantity of â??AHPL/AYTOP/0113â?? cream on DFU with gauze dressing daily for 90 days or till complete healing of ulcers whichever is earlier Control Intervention1: Silver Colloidal Cream: Contains silver colloidal 32 ppm Dose & Treatment Duration: Apply sufficient quantity of Silver Colloidal Cream on DFU with gauze dressing daily for 90 days or till complete healing of ulcers whichever is earlier CONDITION: Diabetic Foot Ulcer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Changes in surface area of ulcer using MOWA application for android and percentage healing of ulcer‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Day 0, Day 15, Day 30, Day 45, Day 60, Day 75, Day 90 SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1.Changes in percentage of granulation tissue, necrotic tissue and fibrous tissue $$$ 2.Changes in proportion of cases with completely healed ulcers. $$$ 3.Number of days required for complete healing of the ulcer. $$$ 4.Evaluation of ulcer healing process by using wound healing parameters $$$ 5.Evaluation of frequency of rescue medications used $$$ 6.Assessment of overall improvement by patient and physician. $$$ 7.Assessment of adverse events $$$ 8.Changes in pre and post treatment lab investigations. $$$ $$$ ‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Day 0, Day 15, Day 30, Day 45, Day 60, Day 75, Day 90 INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1)Both type I and type II diabetic patients with diabetic foot ulcer 2)Diabetic patient who is under regular treatment for diabetes and having HbA1C level less than 10 3)Diabetic Foot Ulcer with less than 2 grade on University Of Texas Classification Of Diabetic Foot 4)Foot ulcer that has remained open without healing and not shown improvement for more than 3 months 5)Patients who can make all necessary visits in 90 days period and comply with the study procedures. 6)Patients willing to participate in clinical trial and who have read understood and signed informed consent form.
Development and evaluation of artificial intelligence based coaching program for patients with diabetes$$$ INTERVENTION: Behavioral : The self‐regulation theory‐based program is provided through the app developed in this study, and the main researcher of this study will assist in education and providing feedback. Subjects assigned to the intervention group will participate in the program for 2 years, record daily exercise, diet, medication intake, and blood glucose measurement in the app, and record smoking, depression, and self‐management self‐efficacy once a week and self‐monitor. It can be seen through the graph that the goal achievement rate changes each time the subject records. The long‐term goal of exercise was set at 350 minutes 7 times a week. If the weekly goal achievement rate was less than 80.0%, the next week's goal was maintained the same as the previous week. By setting the exercise time as the next main goal, we will provide customized, progressive exercise goals for each subject. Grains, meat/fish/eggs/legumes, dairy products, vegetables, and fruits in the diet are initially set according to the subject’s height, weight, and daily activity level do. If there are any missing records, you will receive an automated message every day at 8pm to complete the monitoring before the end of the day. You will receive automated feedback messages every day at 8:00 AM that indicate which items are high and which are low for your exercise, diet, medication, and blood glucose measurements performed the previous day. Based on the items recorded by the subject, the predicted risk of increased glycated hemoglobin and the risk of complications will be inquired in the app to induce self‐evaluation. Problems that arise during self‐management can be attempted by consulting the chatbot, and the researcher will be notified if necessary. Subjects in the intervention group will receive phone feedb CONDITION: Endocrine, nutritional and metabolic diseases PRIMARY OUTCOME: glucose HbA1c health behaviors self‐care self‐efficacy SECONDARY OUTCOME: depression diabetic complications quality of life INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) ages of 40 and under 70 who have been diagnosed with type 2 diabetes 2) taking one or more diabetic medication 3) have HbA1c >7.0% measured in the last 6 months or higher 4) using an Android smartphone
A randomized controlled clinical trial investigating the effect of DASH diet on insulin resistance, inflammation, and oxidative stress in gestational diabetes$$$ OBJECTIVE: To our knowledge, no reports are available indicating the effects of the dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH) eating plan on insulin resistance, inflammation, and oxidative stress among pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). This study was designed to investigate the effects of the DASH diet on insulin resistance, serum high‐sensitivity C‐reactive protein (hs‐CRP) and biomarkers of oxidative stress among pregnant women with GDM. METHODS: This randomized controlled clinical trial was performed with 32 pregnant women diagnosed with GDM at 24 to 28 wk gestation. Participants were randomly assigned to consume either the control (n = 16) or DASH diet (n = 16) for 4 wk. The DASH diet was rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and low‐fat dairy products and was low in saturated fats, total fats, cholesterol, refined grains, and sweets, with a total of 2400 mg/d of sodium. The control diet contained 40% to 55% of its energy as carbohydrates, 10% to 20% as proteins, and 25% to 30% as total fats. Fasting blood samples were taken at baseline and after 4 wk of intervention to measure fasting plasma glucose (FPG), serum insulin, and hs‐CRP, homeostasis model of assessment‐insulin resistance (HOMA‐IR), plasma total antioxidant capacity (TAC), and total glutathione levels (GSH). RESULTS: Consumption of the DASH diet compared with the control diet resulted in decreased FPG (‐7.62 versus 3.68 mg/dL$$$ P = 0.02), serum insulin levels (‐2.62 versus 4.32 μIU/mL, P = 0.03), and HOMA‐IR score (‐0.8 versus 1.1$$$ P = 0.03). Increased concentrations of plasma TAC (45.2 versus ‐159.2 mmol/L$$$ P < 0.0001) and GSH (108.1 versus ‐150.9 μmol/L$$$ P < 0.0001) also were seen in the DASH group compared with control group. We failed to find a significant difference in mean changes of serum hs‐CRP levels between the two diets. Within‐group comparisons revealed significant reductions in plasma TAC and GSH levels in the control diet, while a significant increase in these biomarkers in the DASH diet. CONCLUSION: Consumption of the DASH diet in pregnant women with GDM had beneficial effects on FPG, serum insulin levels, HOMA‐IR score, plasma TAC, and total GSH levels. The effects of this dietary pattern on pregnancy outcomes need to be investigated in future studies.
Development of a food product with probiotic potential and its effect on parameters associated with glucose homeostasis in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus at the Clinics Hospital of Paraguay$$$ Background and objectives: Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is one of the major health problems worldwide with high morbimortality rates. In fact, several studies link metabolic diseases with intestinal dysbiosis suggesting that certain bacterial strains could play a beneficial role on metabolic parameters (through modulation of the intestinal microbiota). Our objective was to develop a food product containing strains with probiotic potential and to study the effect of its consumption on parameters associated with glucose homeostasis. Methods: 46 subjects with T2DM from the Endocrinology Department of Clinics Hospital (Paraguay) were included and randomly assigned to three different intervention groups. The first group received 300 g/d of fermented dairy with two strains of the genus Bifidobacterium (developed exclusively for this research purpose by the Cooperativa Chortitzer Ltda Lácteos Trebol, Paraguay). The second group received 300 g/d of a fermented dairy with conventional cultures, and the third group did not receive any type of fermented dairy. Also, all three groups received nutritional monitoring based on the recommendations of the American Diabetes Association (ADA) during a 12‐week intervention period. Biochemical parameters related to lipid profile and glucose homeostasis were determined at baseline and after the follow‐up period. Repeated measures analysis and Pearson correlation of the biochemical parameters included in the study were performed. Results: The results showed that the intake of the developed product induced in the patients a decrease in the HOMA index, although not significant, in contrast to the intervention without fermented dairy which induced a statistically significant increase in the HOMA index after the intervention period compared to baseline (p=0.016). Furthermore, in the baseline situation of the study, a positive correlation between glycemia and CRP levels (p=0.025$$$ r2=0.576) and HbA1c and CRP (p=0.003$$$ r2= 0.707) was observed in patients who had consumed the developed dairy. However, these correlations lost significance after the intervention period. Conclusions: The consumption of the food product developed with two strains of the genus Bifidobacterium would have potential as a nutritional tool in clinical practice, since it could improve glucose homeostasis in patients with diagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Development of a food product with probiotic potential and its effect on parameters associated with glucose homeostasis in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus at the Clinics Hospital of Paraguay$$$ Background and objectives: Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is one of the major health problems worldwide with high morbimortality rates. In fact, several studies link metabolic diseases with intestinal dysbiosis suggesting that certain bacterial strains could play a beneficial role on metabolic parameters (through modulation of the intestinal microbiota). Our objective was to develop a food product containing strains with probiotic potential and to study the effect of its consumption on parameters associated with glucose homeostasis. Methods: 46 subjects with T2DM from the Endocrinology Department of Clinics Hospital (Paraguay) were included and randomly assigned to three different intervention groups. The first group received 300 g/d of fermented dairy with two strains of the genus Bifidobacterium (developed exclusively for this research purpose by the Cooperativa Chortitzer Ltda Lácteos Trebol, Paraguay). The second group received 300 g/d of a fermented dairy with conventional cultures, and the third group did not receive any type of fermented dairy. Also, all three groups received nutritional monitoring based on the recommendations of the American Diabetes Association (ADA) during a 12‐week intervention period. Biochemical parameters related to lipid profile and glucose homeostasis were determined at baseline and after the follow‐up period. Repeated measures analysis and Pearson correlation of the biochemical parameters included in the study were performed. Results: The results showed that the intake of the developed product induced in the patients a decrease in the HOMA index, although not significant, in contrast to the intervention without fermented dairy which induced a statistically significant increase in the HOMA index after the intervention period compared to baseline (p=0.016). Furthermore, in the baseline situation of the study, a positive correlation between glycemia and CRP levels (p=0.025$$$ r2=0.576) and HbA1c and CRP (p=0.003$$$ r2= 0.707) was observed in patients who had consumed the developed dairy. However, these correlations lost significance after the intervention period. Conclusions: The consumption of the food product developed with two strains of the genus Bifidobacterium would have potential as a nutritional tool in clinical practice, since it could improve glucose homeostasis in patients with diagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Antenatal Determinants of Childhood Obesity in High-Risk Offspring: protocol for the DiGest Follow-Up Study$$$ Childhood obesity is an area of intense concern internationally and is influenced by events during antenatal and postnatal life. Although pregnancy complications, such as gestational diabetes and large‐for‐gestational‐age birthweight have been associated with increased obesity risk in offspring, very few successful interventions in pregnancy have been identified. We describe a study protocol to identify if a reduced calorie diet in pregnancy can reduce adiposity in children to 3 years of age. The dietary intervention in gestational diabetes (DiGest) study is a randomised, controlled trial of a reduced calorie diet provided by a whole‐diet replacement in pregnant women with gestational diabetes. Women receive a weekly dietbox intervention from enrolment until delivery and are blinded to calorie allocation. This follow‐up study will assess associations between a reduced calorie diet in pregnancy with offspring adiposity and maternal weight and glycaemia. Anthropometry will be performed in infants and mothers at 3 months, 1, 2 and 3 years post‐birth. Glycaemia will be assessed using bloodspot C‐peptide in infants and continuous glucose monitoring with HbA1c in mothers. Data regarding maternal glycaemia in pregnancy, maternal nutrition, infant birthweight, offspring feeding behaviour and milk composition will also be collected. The DiGest follow‐up study is expected to take 5 years, with recruitment finishing in 2026.
A functional food approach to increasing protein consumption in hemodialysis patients$$$ Rationale: Inadequate dietary intake of protein commonly accounts for protein energy wasting (PEW) in dialysis patients and is therefore an important therapeutic target. Protein enriched dairy products may provide a practical, low‐cost nutritional intervention. The study was designed to evaluate the effectiveness and tolerance of addition of protein enriched yogurt in hemodialysis (HD) patients with hypoalbuminemia on protein consumption. Methods: This is a prospective cross‐over pilot study. Hemodialysis patients with hypoalbuminemia (serum albumin below 38 g/L) were considered eligible. The study included 4‐months control period of strict dietitian supervision followed by 4‐months intervention period, when 20 grams protein‐enriched yogurt was added daily. Primary endpoint was increase in protein intake measured by normalized protein catabolic rate (nPCR).We used one ‐way ANOVA analysis to compare means at baseline, after the control period and after the intervention. Results: Ten hemodialysis patients were recruited, of them 5 started intervention with yogurt. One patient withdrew participation due to the texture of the yogurt, therefore 4 patients completed the study. There was no difference in nPCR between screening to control or intervention period (mean nPCR 1.06, 1.10 and 1.26 in screening, control and intervention period respectively, p=0.273). The yogurt was well tolerated with no gastrointestinal complains. Image: [Formula presented] Conclusion: In a pilot study of HD patients with hypoalbuminemia, protein enriched yogurt did not increase total protein intake estimated by nPCR, but was well tolerated. We suggest larger‐scale studies to provide more information about the role of functional food in PEW management in this patient population. Disclosure of Interest: None declared
Effect of a new fermented soy milk product on serum lipid levels in normocholesterolemic adult men$$$ This study was undertaken to verify the effect of a daily intake of a new fermented soy milk produced with Enterococcus faecium and Lactobacillus jugurti on the serum lipid levels in normocholesterolemic middle‐aged men. The study was randomized, double‐blind and placebo‐controlled and was performed for a period of 6 weeks. Forty‐four normocholesterolemic healthy, male volunteers, aged 40‐55 years old were randomly separated in two groups: The F‐group received 200 ml of the fermented product daily and the P‐group received 200 ml of placebo (chemically fermented). The blood samples were drawn initially and after 3 and 6 weeks and serum values for total cholesterol, HDL‐cholesterol and triglyceride were determined. The LDL‐cholesterol value was estimated. No significant changes in the fermented group (F) were observed for total cholesterol, LDL‐cholesterol or triglyceride levels, while the HDL‐cholesterol level was significantly higher (p < or = 0.05) after 6 weeks. The total cholesterol and LDL‐cholesterol levels were significantly higher (p < or = 0.05) in the placebo group (P), but no changes were found for the HDL‐cholesterol and triglyceride levels during the experimental period. In conclusion, the intake of 200 ml/day of the fermented soy milk, produced with E. faecium and L. jugurti, for 6 weeks, did not affect the serum total cholesterol and LDL‐cholesterol, and led an increase of 10% in the HDL‐cholesterol level.
Angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitory peptides from a lactotripeptide-enriched milk beverage are absorbed intact into the circulation$$$ Food products containing angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitory peptides reportedly play a role in treatment of mild hypertension. The aim of this placebo‐controlled crossover study was to assess the bioavailability of Ile‐Pro‐Pro and 7 other ACE‐inhibiting peptides present in a lactotripeptide (LTP)‐enriched yogurt beverage and whether meal intake affects Ile‐Pro‐Pro bioavailability. Six male and female subjects randomly consumed an LTP‐enriched yogurt beverage or a placebo in the fasted state and an LTP‐enriched yogurt beverage in the fed or fasted state. The area under the curve (AUC) of Ile‐Pro‐Pro after the LTP treatment in the fasted state was 2.1‐fold of that after the placebo treatment (P < 0.001). The maximum peptide plasma concentration (C(max)) value was greater after consumption of the LTP‐enriched beverage (897 +/‐ 157 pmol/L) than after the placebo treatment (555 +/‐ 0.09 pmol/L$$$ P < 0.001) with a greater time after ingestion when reaching C(max) (T(max)) in the placebo treatment. Plasma concentrations of the peptides Leu‐Trp, Phe‐Tyr, Ile‐Tyr, and Leu‐Pro‐Pro increased compared with baseline (P < 0.05) in the LTP‐enriched and placebo treatment when consumed in the fasted state. However, DeltaC(max) values differed significantly between the placebo and LTP‐enriched treatment only for Leu‐Pro‐Pro. Meal intake affected Ile‐Pro‐Pro concentrations. When the beverage was consumed after a meal, the AUC of Ile‐Pro‐Pro was 1.3‐fold (P < 0.05) of the AUC derived from premeal intake. This was due to an increase in the plasma elimination half‐life (P < 0.05)$$$ C(max) and T(max) were not affected by meal intake. In summary, this is the first demonstration, to our knowledge, that the tripeptide Ile‐Pro‐Pro selectively escapes from intestinal degradation and reaches the circulation undegraded.
Knowledge, attitudes and self-care activities among patients with type ii diabetes$$$ Background The number of people with diabetes is increasing due to: population growth$$$ ageing$$$ urbanisation$$$ and the increasing prevalence of both obesity and physical inactivity. Purpose This survey aimed to evaluate knowledge, attitudes and self‐care activities of patients with type II diabetes. This was part of a baseline assessment in a randomised controlled trial of enhanced pharmaceutical care. Material and methods 40 community pharmacies were randomly assigned to 18 control pharmacies and 22 intervention pharmacies. Then each pharmacy recruited between 4 and 5 type II diabetic patients. Hence the overall number of patients recruited was 225, assigned to receive usual pharmacist care (n = 100) or a predefined pharmacist intervention (n = 125). Each patient completed a questionnaire in which demographic information, disease history, medication history, diabetes knowledge and selfcare activity levels were collected. At inclusion patients measured their fasting plasma glucose (FPG) on three consecutive days. Results 225 patients were randomised to 100 (58% female) patients in the control group and 125 (69% female) in the intervention group. There were no baseline differences in mean (±SD) age in the control group (56 ± 13) and in the intervention group (55 ± 12.3) or in FPG (176.88 ± 41.30 mg/dL vs 177.93 ± 39.69 mg/dL). This was much higher than the normal range of 70‐100 mg/dL, which indicates capacity to benefit from better care. Knowledge scores were also similar in the intervention (6.6/15 ± 2.1) and (6/15 ± 2.5) control groups. There was a positive correlation between FPG and the frequency of high fat food (red meat and full fat dairy products) consumption in the previous 7 days (p = 0.04). The belief that type II diabetes is a serious problem was positively correlated with higher FPG levels (p = 0.02) in the intervention group. High levels of FPG were positively correlated with poor diabetes knowledge test scores in the control group (p = 0.01). Conclusion These baseline data show poor diabetes knowledge and high levels of FPG in both the intervention and control groups. Glycaemic control might be improved if enhanced pharmaceutical care can change patients' attitudes towards diabetes and eating habits.
Meta-analysis of the relationship between dairy product consumption and gastric cancer$$$ OBJECTIVE: To clarify the effect of milk consumption on gastric cancer in China. METHODS: China National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI) and other Chinese databases were searched for randomized controlled trials reporting the relationship between dairy products consumption and gastric carcinoma patients from January 1985 to June 2008. Manual searching was also performed. Gastric carcinoma, dietary, milk or diary product were using as key words. A Meta‐analysis method was applied to estimate the combined odds ratio (OR) and 95% confidence interval (95% CI) between dairy product consumption and gastric cancer. RESULTS: Eight case‐control studies published between 1985 and 2008 were selected for Meta‐analysis. The cumulative cases and controls were 1684 and 5410, respectively. Fixed‐effect model was used because of homogeneity among these studies. The overall pooled OR estimate was 0.57 (95% CI = 0.46 ‐ 0.71), suggesting a negative association between dairy product consumption and gastric cancer. CONCLUSION: This Meta‐analysis supports the hypothesis that dairy product consumption might decrease the risk of gastric cancer.
Vytorin inhibits and reverses the pro-inflammatory effects of cream on peripheral blood mononuclear cells in type 2 diabetic patients$$$ Our previous work has shown that the ingestion of cream induces an increase in reactive oxygen species (ROS) generation and other cellular and molecular indices of inflammation by peripheral blood mononuclear cells (MNC). Similar increases are observed after the intake of a high fat high carbohydrate meal. Since vytorin, containing the combination of simvastatin and ezetamibe, has a profound effect on lowering plasma concentrations of LDLc, which exerts a pro‐inflammatory effect, we hypothesized that vytorin intake in type 2 diabetic patients may exert an anti‐inflammatory effect and also inhibit the pro‐inflammatory effect of cream. Twenty type 2 diabetic patients were randomized to either vytorin or placebo treatment for 6 weeks. Patients in both groups were asked to ingest 33g of cream (= 300 Calories) containing a large amount of saturated fat and fasting and post‐cream challenge blood samples were obtained at baseline and at 6 weeks. The two treatment arms had comparable, age, BMI, HbA1c and gender distribution at baseline. Total cholesterol and LDLc concentrations were lowered significantly at 6 weeks following vytorin (P<0.05). Cream induced significant increases in MNC expression of IL‐1β (by 105±18%), TNFα (by 97±12%), CD68 (by 48±8%), PECAM (by 66±10 %), TLR‐4 (by 84±11%) and TLR‐2 (by 67±9%) at 0 week. The MNC expression of IL‐1β and CD68 expression both fell in the fasting state (by 21±7 and 24±10, P<0.05) compared to baseline at 0 week and following cream (by 74±15% and 68±13%, respectively, compared to increase at 0 week, P<0.05) in the vytorin group. The increase in expression of TNFα and PECAM following cream was also suppressed significantly (by 67±14% and 45±9%, respectively, compared to the increase at 0 week) in the vytorin group. In addition, there was a paradoxical suppression of the expression of Cream induced increases in expression of TLR‐2 and TLR‐4 (by 21±8% and 18±7%, respectively, compared to baseline) following cream at 6 weeks in vytorin group. Vytorin treatment also suppressed fasting and cream induced increase in LPS concentrations in plasma (by 24% and 26%, P<0.05, compared to baseline at 0 week). Fasting concentrations of CRP, FFA and IL‐18 also fell by 32±11%, 19±8% 15±4%, respectively, (p<0.05) following vytorin treatment. We conclude that vytorin exerts a powerful anti‐inflammatory effect and reduces expression of pro‐inflammatory mediators following cream challenge. Finally, it also reverses the action of cream from one of induction of TLR‐4 and TLR‐2 to one of paradoxical suppression of the expression of these receptors. Our data do not indicate whether it is the simvastatin or ezetamibe which is responsible for these intriguing and potent effects. This issue will need further investigation.
The effect of a vegetarian vs conventional hypocaloric diet on serum concentrations of persistent organic pollutants in patients with type 2 diabetes$$$ Background and aims: Emerging evidence suggests that environmental factors described as persistent organic pollutants (POPs) are involved in the development of type 2 diabetes (T2D). POPs may be present especially in fatty fish, fish and seafood, meat and dairy products. The aim of this study was to explore the effect of a vegetarian vs. conventional diet on serum levels of POPs in T2D patients after 12 weeks of a dietary intervention. Materials and methods: 74 subjects with T2D were randomly assigned to either follow a vegetarian diet without fish or meat (n=37) or a control group who followed an isocaloric conventional diabetic diet (n=37). Both diets were calorie restricted (‐500 kcal/day). To measure insulin sensitivity, the hyperinsulinemic (1 mU.kg‐1.min‐1) isoglycemic clamp was conducted. β‐cell function was assessed using a mathematical model after a test meal.Magnetic resonance imaging of the abdomen was performed to measure the amount of visceral fat. We measured serum levels of 44 POPs. Dioxins and dioxin‐like POPs were analyzed by isotope dilution high resolution gas chromatography andmass spectrometry after clean up on silica and carbon columns. Non‐dioxin‐like POPs were analyzed by gas chromatography with electron capture detector. All measurements were performed at 0 and 12 weeks. For statistical analysis we used repeated measures ANOVA and a multivariate regression model. Correlations were calculated using Pearson's correlations. Results: We did not observe any difference between the groups in serum levels of most POPs in response to both hypocaloric diets. In the groups combined, changes in serum concentrations of the POPs were correlated to changes in HbA1c (r=+0.34$$$ p<0.01), fasting plasma glucose (r=+0.41$$$ p<0.01) and β‐cell function measured as insulin secretion at a reference glucose level (r=‐0.37$$$ p<0.01), independent of changes in body weight and volume of visceral fat. Conclusion: Our findings support the relationship between POPs and diabetes, especially β‐cell function.
The influence of the type of dietary fat on postprandial fat oxidation rates: monounsaturated (olive oil) vs saturated fat (cream)$$$ OBJECTIVE: To compare postprandial whole‐body fat oxidation rates in humans, following high‐fat (43% of total energy) mixed breakfast meals, of fixed energy and macronutrient composition, rich in either monounsaturated fat (MUFA) from extra virgin olive oil or saturated fat (SFA) from cream. DESIGN: Paired comparison of resting metabolic rate (RMR), thermic effect of a meal and substrate oxidation rates following consumption of isocaloric breakfast meals, differing only in the type of fat, administered in random order 1‐2 weeks apart. SUBJECTS: Fourteen male volunteers, body mass index (BMI) in the range 20‐32 kg/m(2), aged 24‐49 y and resident in Melbourne, Australia, were recruited by advertisement in the local media or by personal contact. MEASUREMENTS: Body size and composition was determined by anthropometry and dual energy X‐ray absorptiometry (DEXA). Indirect calorimetry was used to measure RMR, thermic effect of a meal, post‐meal total energy expenditure and substrate oxidation rate. Blood pressure and pulse rates were measured with an automated oscillometric system. Fasting and 2 h postprandial glucose and insulin concentrations and the fasting lipid profile were also determined. RESULTS: In the 5 h following the MUFA breakfast, there was a significantly greater postprandial fat oxidation rate (3.08+/‐4.58 g/5 h, P=0.017), and lower postprandial carbohydrate oxidation rate (P=0.025), than after the SFA breakfast. Thermic effect of a meal was significantly higher (55 kJ/5 h, P=0.034) after the MUFA breakfast, in subjects with a high waist circumference (HWC > or = 99 cm) than those with a low waist circumference (LWC<99 cm). This difference was not detected following the SFA breakfast (P=0.910). CONCLUSION: If postprandial fat oxidation rates are higher after high MUFA, rather than SFA meals, then a simple change to the type of dietary fat consumed might have beneficial effects in curbing weight gain in men consuming a relatively high‐fat diet. This may be particularly evident in men with a large waist circumference.
Effects of a paleolithic diet with and without supervised exercise on liver fat and insulin sensitivity: a randomised controlled trial in individuals with type 2 diabetes$$$ Background and aims: Earlier studies have suggested that a Paleolithic diet has powerful metabolic effects in obesity and type 2 diabetes. Our hypothesis was that exercise training would improve the beneficial effects of a Paleolithic diet on liver fat, insulin sensitivity and insulin clearance. Materials and methods: 26 patients with type 2 diabetes (age 60 ± 6 years) followed a Paleolithic diet for 12 weeks. The diet was based on consuming lean meat, fish, seafood, eggs, vegetables, fruits berries, and nuts. Cereals, dairy products, legumes, refined fats, refined sugars, and salt were excluded. The participants were randomized to either standard care exercise recommendations (PD) or 1‐h supervised exercise sessions (aerobic exercise and resistance training) three times per week (PD‐EX). Liver fat was measured with proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy. A hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp with continuous infusion of deuterated glucose and with 40 mU/m2/min insulin for three hours was performed at baseline and after 12 weeks. Results: Body weight decreased by 7.1 kg (IQR ‐9.8, ‐5.6$$$ P<0.001) in the PD group and by 7.0 kg (‐9.7, ‐5.6$$$ P<0.001) in the PD‐EX group. Maximumoxygen uptake increased by 0.18 L/min (IQR 0.04, 0.37) in the PD‐EX group and decreased by 0.06 L/min (IQR ‐0.13, ‐0.03) in the PD group (P<0.001 for the difference between groups). Liver fat decreased significantly more in the PD group (77%) versus the PD‐EX group (48%$$$ P<0.001 for difference between groups). Peripheral insulin sensitivity (rate of disappearance) increased by 57% in the PD group (P<0.05) and by 42% in the PD‐EX group (P<0.01). Suppression of hepatic glucose production increased by 13% in the PD group and by 11% in the PD‐EX group. Adipose insulin sensitivity (NEFA suppression during the clamp) increased in both groups by 3.4% (P<0.05 for PD$$$ P<0.01 for PD‐EX). Insulin clearance increased by 14% (P<0.05) in the PD group and by 1% in the PD‐EX group. Conclusion: A Paleolithic diet improved liver fat, peripheral insulin sensitivity, adipose tissue insulin sensitivity and insulin clearance. Exercise training reduced the effect on liver fat and insulin clearance despite an increase in cardiovascular fitness. Further analyses will reveal if the subjects in the PD group were more rigorous regarding the study diet.
Salt sensitive type 2 diabetics (T2D) have greater metabolic improvements on a paleolithic-type diet compared to an ada diet$$$ Background: Dietary salt can induce insulin resistance in both rats and men. As measured by glucose uptake in isolated soleus muscle, salt loading induced significant insulin resistance in the Dahl‐SS, but not Dahl‐SR (salt resistant) rats. In normal weight Caucasian men placed in a 200 mmoL salt diet for 5 days, insulin resistance [mean insulin mediated glucose disposal (M values)] measured by euglycemic hyperinsulinemic clamp (EHC), increased ∼15%. Methods: T2D patients consuming their usual diets were randomized to a diet of lower salt content, either a 'Paleo'‐diet (excludes dairy, legumes and grains) (n = 10) or a standard ADA diet (n = 8), for 2 weeks. All subjects had one EHC and flow mediated dilation study of the brachial artery (BAR, a measure of elasticity), and repeat fasting lipid, glucose and BP measures on the last 3 days of their usual and study diet. BPs were measured after 5 min sitting, in triplicate. Subjects were considered SS if BP decreased >5 mmHg with the study diets. All measures were averaged, results reported as mean ± SD. Results: Both study diets improved glucose control and lipid values. The Paleo diet, however, induced greater improvements in fructosamine (P = 0.04) and total cholesterol (P = 0.08) compared to the ADA diet. BP did not fall with the ADA diet (=SR). BP fell with the Paleo‐diet in seven subjects (=SS) and not in 3 (=SR) (MAP ‐8.5 ± 3.7 vs +5.6 ± 4.0 mmHg, respectively, P < 0.001). With the Paleo‐diet, SS compared to SR subjects had bigger decreases in total cholesterol (Δ‐39 ± 30 vs ‐12 ± 15 mg/dL), LDL‐chol (Δ ‐25 ± 20 vs ‐1 ± 7 mg/dL), glucose (Δ ‐27 ± 30 mg/ dL vs ‐19 ± 24 mg/dL) and fructosamine levels (Δ ‐33 ± 32 vs ‐ 20 ± 28 mmol/L). SS T2Ds also had greater improvement in insulin sensitivity (Δ M value +2.1 ± 2.8 vs )0.2 ± 0.6 (Figure). The SS T2Ds had a 19% improvement over baseline in BAR compared to 10% in the SR group (SR, 5.14 ± 0.31% to 5.7 ± 0.65%$$$ SS, 5.17 ± 0.73% to 6.13 ± 1.16%).[figure1]. Conclusions: A Paleo‐diet is superior to a standard ADA diet in improving metabolic abnormalities in T2D$$$ and SS T2Ds particularly benefit from switching to the low salt Paleo‐diet. (Figure presented).
Effect of grape seed extract and quercetin on cardiovascular and endothelial parameters in high-risk subjects$$$ Grape seed extract (GSE) has in vitro antioxidant activity but whether or not it works in vivo is not clear. In a fully randomised, crossover trial with 4‐week treatment periods on 36 men and women with above‐average vascular risk, we aimed to demonstrate that 2 g/day of GSE(1g of polyphenols) alone, or with 1 g/day of added quercetin in yoghurt, favourably alters vascular function, endothelial function, and degree of oxidative damage in comparison to a control yoghurt. GSE alone improved flow‐mediated dilatation determined ultrasonically by an absolute 1.1% compared with control. There was no effect of the combination of GSE with quercetin. No other blood or urine measure was altered. Thus sufficient polyphenols from GSE appear to be absorbed to influence endothelial nitric oxide production, and GSE has the potential to favourably influence vascular function. © 2004 Hindawi Publishing Corporation.
Replacement of refined carbohydrates with a combination of egg protein and unsaturated fatty acids improves the lipoprotein lipid profile in adults with elevated triglycerides$$$ The aim of this trial was to evaluate the effects of a combination of egg protein (Epro) and unsaturated fatty acids (UFA), substituted for refined carbohydrates (CHO), on the lipoprotein lipid profile in adults with elevated triglycerides (TG). This randomized, controlled‐feeding, crossover study included an evaluable sample of 25 men and women with a mean (± SEM) age and body mass index of 46.3 ± 2.4 y and 31.8 ± 1.0 kg/m2, respectively, and a median (interquartile range) baseline TG of 173 mg/dL (159, 228). Subjects consumed a standardized diet that incorporated at least 3 servings/d of test foods (yogurt, muffins, waffles, and cookies), which provided 40‐60% of daily energy needs. The study foods accounted for 8% higher protein energy (from Epro) and 8% higher fat energy (from UFA) in the Epro/UFA condition and 16% higher CHO energy in the refined CHO condition. Total energy intake was held constant during each condition$$$ dietary CHO, protein and fat comprised 42%, 23% and 35% of energy intake during the Epro/UFA condition and 58%, 15% and 27% of energy intake during the refined CHO condition. Both the Epro/UFA and the refined CHO diets were low in saturated fatty acids (7.0 ± 0.1% and 6.5 ± 0.1% of energy intakes, respectively). Fasting blood samples were collected at baseline and the end of each condition, and lipid profiles were analyzed using enzymatic colorimetric methodology. Low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL‐C) concentrations were calculated using the Friedewald equation. The median percent change from the habitual diet at baseline for TG was ‐18.5% (‐35.7%, ‐6.9%) following the Epro/UFA condition relative to a 2.5% (‐13.4%, 17.0%) increase following the refined CHO condition (p < 0.002). The median percent change from baseline in very low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (VLDL‐C) was ‐18.6% (‐34.8%, ‐7.4%) following the Epro/UFA condition and ‐3.6% (‐12.5%, 16.2%) following the refined CHO condition (p < 0.002). Both conditions resulted in reductions from baseline in total cholesterol, LDL‐C, non‐high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol and high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol, but there were no significant differences between conditions. In summary, replacement of dietary CHO with a combination of Epro and UFA reduced circulating TG and VLDL‐C levels in adults with elevated TG.
Replacement of refined carbohydrates with a combination of egg protein and unsaturated fatty acids improves insulin sensitivity in adults with elevated triglycerides$$$ The aim of this trial was to evaluate the effects of a combination of egg protein (Epro) and unsaturated fatty acids (UFA), substituted for refined carbohydrates (CHO), on insulin sensitivity and markers of glucose metabolism in adults with elevated triglycerides (TG). This randomized, controlled‐feeding, crossover study included an evaluable sample of 25 men and women with a mean (± SEM) age and body mass index of 46.3 ± 2.4 y and 31.8 ± 1.0 kg/m2, respectively, and a median (interquartile range) baseline TG of 173 mg/dL (159, 228). Subjects consumed a standardized diet that incorporated at least 3 servings/d of test foods (yogurt, muffins, waffles, and cookies), which provided 40‐60% of daily energy needs. The study foods accounted for ∼8% higher protein energy (from Epro) and ∼8% higher fat energy (from UFA) in the Epro/UFA condition and 16% higher energy from refined starches and added sugars in the refined CHO condition. Total energy intake was held constant during each condition$$$ dietary CHO, protein and fat comprised 42%, 23% and 35% of energy intake during the Epro/UFA condition and 58%, 15% and 27% of energy intake during the refined CHO condition. Both the Epro/UFA and the refined CHO diets were low in saturated fatty acids (7.0 ± 0.1% and 6.5 ± 0.1% of energy intakes, respectively). A liquid meal tolerance test was conducted to assess insulin sensitivity and markers of glucose metabolism at baseline and at the end of each condition. Blood samples were collected before and 30, 60 and 120 min after consuming the liquid meal. Serum glucose was assessed using an enzymatic colorimetric assay and serum insulin was assessed using an immunoturbidimetry assay. The mean percent change from baseline in the Matsuda insulin sensitivity index was significantly greater in the Epro/UFA versus the refined CHO condition (18.1 ± 8.7% versus ‐5.6 ± 6.2%, respectively, p < 0.001). The mean percent change from baseline in the disposition index, a measure of pancreatic beta‐cell function, was also significantly greater in the Epro/UFA versus the refined CHO condition (23.8 ± 20.8% versus ‐ 16.3 ± 18.8%, respectively, p = 0.042). Significant differences between the conditions were not evident in the homeostasis model of insulin assessment 2‐insulin sensitivity or the HOMA2‐beta‐cell function. In summary, replacement of refined CHO with a combination of Epro and UFA produced favorable changes in indices of insulin sensitivity and pancreatic beta‐cell function in adults with elevated TG.
Safety evaluation of long term or excessive intake of Partially Hydrolyzed Guar Gum supplemented drinking yogurt$$$ In the present study, a randomized double‐blind, placebo‐controlled study was conducted to evaluate the safety of long term or excessive intake of Partially Hydrolyzed Guar Gum (PHGG) supplemented drinking yogurt on normal or moderate hypertriglycerolemia subjects (44 subjects for long term intake, 42 subjects for excessive intake). In each trial, the subjects were divided into two groups$$$ drinking yogurt with PHGG group or drinking yogurt without PHGG group. In the long term intake trial, subjects were given regular amount of food a day for 12 weeks. On the other hand, in the excessive intake trial, subjects were given three times as much as regular amount of food a day for 4 weeks. As a result, there were no clinical problems in the blood examinations and physical examinations. No adverse reactions were observed. These results suggested the safety of long term intake or excessive intake of PHGG supplemented yogurt.
Replacement of refined carbohydrates with a combination of egg protein and unsaturated fatty acids: effects on lipoprotein particle concentrations and LDL peak size in adults with elevated triglycerides$$$ The aim of this trial was to evaluate the effects of a combination of egg protein (Epro) and unsaturated fatty acids (UFA) substituted for refined carbohydrates (CHO) on lipoprotein particle concentrations and low‐density lipoprotein (LDL) peak particle size in adults with elevated triglycerides (TG). This randomized, controlled‐feeding, crossover study included an evaluable sample of 25 men and women with a mean (± SEM) age and body mass index of 46.3 ± 2.4 y and 31.8 ± 1.0 kg/m2, respectively, and a median (interquartile range) baseline TG of 173 mg/dL (159, 228). Subjects consumed a standardized diet that incorporated at least 3 servings/d of test foods (yogurt, muffins, waffles, and cookies), which provided 40‐60% of subjects' daily energy needs. The study foods accounted for 8% higher protein energy (from Epro) and 8% higher fat energy (from UFA) in the Epro/UFA condition and 16% higher CHO energy in the refined CHO condition. Total energy intake was held constant during each condition$$$ dietary CHO, protein and fat comprised 42%, 23% and 35% of total energy intake during the Epro/UFA condition and 58%, 15% and 27% of total energy intake during the refined CHO condition. Both the Epro/UFA and the refined CHO diets were low in saturated fatty acids (7.0 ± 0.1% and 6.5 ± 0.1% of energy intakes, respectively). Fasting blood samples were collected at baseline and the end of each condition, and lipoprotein particle concentrations, apolipoprotein (apo) B level, and LDL peak size and were assessed. Lipoprotein particle concentrations and LDL peak size were analyzed with the ion mobility method, and apo B was assessed using fixed rate time nephelometry. Median change from baseline for non‐high‐density lipoprotein, very low‐density lipoprotein, LDL, intermediate‐density lipoprotein and highdensity lipoprotein particle concentrations did not significantly differ between the conditions. The median change from baseline for apo B concentrations trended (p = 0.104) toward a larger decline following the Epro/UFA condition compared to the refined CHO condition (changes of ‐11.6% [‐15.6%, ‐ 3.4%)] versus ‐6.4% [‐14.2%, 1.3%], respectively). Apo B was also significantly (p < 0.05) reduced from baseline within each condition. The median changes from baseline for LDL peak size following the Epro/UFA diet condition was 0.12 nm (‐0.12, 0.28), compared to ‐0.15 nm (‐0.33, 0.12) following the refined CHO diet condition (p = 0.019 between conditions). In summary, replacement of dietary refined CHO with a combination of Epro and UFA within a low‐saturated fat dietary pattern did not significantly alter lipoprotein particle concentrations in adults with elevated TG, although atherogenic lipoprotein concentrations were reduced during both conditions relative to the habitual diet baseline.
The interactive effect of improvement of vitamin D status and VDR FokI variants on oxidative stress in type 2 diabetic subjects: a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: The objectives were to evaluate the effects of improvement of vitamin D status on biomarkers of oxidative stress (OS) in type 2 diabetic (T2D) subjects and whether vitamin D receptor (VDR)‐FokI polymorphisms could modulate the response to vitamin D3 intake. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Subjects with T2D were allocated to one of the two groups to receive either plain doogh (PD$$$ containing 150 mg calcium and no vitamin D/250 ml, n1=50) or vitamin D3‐fortified doogh (FD$$$ containing 500 IU/250 ml, n1=50) twice a day for 12 weeks. Outcomes were changes in serum 25‐hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D), superoxide dismutase, glutathione (GSH), total antioxidant capacity (TAC) and malondialdehyde (MDA). VDR genotypes in 140 T2D subjects in FD were determined by FokI restriction enzyme. RESULTS: After 12 weeks, serum 25(OH)D increased significantly in FD (from 38.5±202.2 to 72.0±23.5, P<0.001) as compared with PD (from 38.8±22.8 to 33.4±22.8, P=0.28). Comparisons between FD and PD revealed significant differences in changes of serum MDA (‐0.54±0.82 μmol/l vs. +0.17±1 μmol/l, P<0.001), GSH (+8.4±40.1 ng/l vs ‐13.1±29.4 ng/l, P=0.002) and TAC (+0.14±0.43 mmol/l  vs. +0.02±0.45 mmol/l bovine serum albumin equivalent, P=0.03). Although there was no significant association between FokI genotypes and OS biomarkers, ff variant subgroup showed the weakest response to vitamin D. CONCLUSIONS: Improvement of vitamin D status via daily intake of FD ameliorates OS biomarkers in T2D subjects and the interactive effect of FokI genotypes cannot be ruled out.
Including non-fat dairy in an energy-restricted (ER), moderate-protein diet plan: two-week changes in body weight and composition measurements in premenopausal women with overweight and obesity$$$ This study investigated the effects of two ER diet plans including different levels of protein and non‐fat dairy on select anthropometric and body composition measurements. Premenopausal women with overweight and obesity [n=105$$$ age: 33.8±7.5 y, body mass index (BMI): 30.1±3.1 kg/m2] were randomized to a Yogurt (YL, n=51) or Exchange (EXG, n=54) group. The YL group consumed a structured, ER, moderate‐protein diet (1200 kcal/d) that included Yoplait® Light, fruit and cereal or granola bar as a “meal replacement” for two meals plus three additional servings of non‐fat dairy/d. The EXG group consumed an ER diet (1500 or 1700 kcal/d) that included three servings of non‐fat dairy/d. Both groups walked 30 to 40 min/d. Changes in body weight (BW), BMI, waist (WC) and hip (HC) circumferences, and fat mass (FM) were measured from baseline to two weeks. Within and between group changes were analyzed using 2x2 ANOVA. Women in both YL and EXG groups, respectively, had significant decreases (p<0.0001) in BW (‐2.4±1.0 vs ‐1.7±1.1 kg), BMI (‐0.9±0.4 vs ‐0.6±0.4 kg/m2), WC (‐2.1±1.9 vs ‐1.5±1.6 cm), HC (‐1.9±2.1 vs ‐1.6±2.2 cm), and FM (‐1.8±1.1 vs ‐1.5±1.2 kg), with a greater reduction in BW and BMI in the YL vs EXG group (p<0.001). In two weeks, beneficial changes in BW, BMI, WC, HC, and FM can be achieved with an ER, moderate‐protein diet that includes non‐fat dairy.
Application of Comparative Lipidomics to Elucidate Postprandial Metabolic Excursions Following Dairy Milk Ingestion in Individuals with Prediabetes$$$ Nutrient‐dense dairy foods are an important component of a healthy diet. Recommendations, however, advise non‐ and low‐fat dairy foods despite controversy concerning whether full‐fat dairy foods adversely impact cardiometabolic health. Therefore, in this study, our objective is to examine the differential plasma lipidomic responses to non‐fat or full‐fat milk ingestion during postprandial hyperglycemia. Seven adults with prediabetes completed a randomized cross‐over study in which glucose was consumed alone or with non‐fat or full‐fat dairy milk. Plasma samples collected at 90 min and 180 min post milk ingestion were used to perform untargeted lipidomics analysis. A total of 332 lipids from 20 classes and five lipid categories were detected at different time points during the postprandial period. Dairy milk, especially non‐fat milk, protected against lipid changes otherwise induced by glucose ingestion. Co‐ingestion of dairy milk with glucose, regardless of fat content, significantly altered lipid profiles although full‐fat milk more substantially modulated lipid profiles. For the identified lipid biomarkers, 68.0% and 66.7% of the lipids significantly increased at 90 and 180 min, respectively, while phosphatidylcholines (GPs) contributed most for the significant increase. Comparative lipidomics analysis indicated that both types of dairy milk induced significant changes in several lipid pathways, including glycerophospholipid metabolism and α‐linolenic acid metabolism, to protect against postprandial hyperglycemia. In summary, our comparative lipidomics results suggested that dairy milk‐mediated lipid modulation may be an effective dietary approach to reduce the risk of metabolic diseases among those with prediabetes.
Effect of the oral intake of yogurt containing Bifidobacterium longum BB536 on the cell numbers of enterotoxigenic Bacteroides fragilis in microbiota$$$ Enterotoxigenic Bacteroides fragilis (ETBF) strains have been suggested to be associated with acute and persistent diarrheal disease, inflammatory bowel disease and colorectal cancer, although further epidemiological studies are needed for clarification. Here, a pilot study was performed to examine the effect of the oral administration of yogurt supplemented with a probiotic strain on the cell numbers of fecal ETBF in a healthy population. Among 420 healthy adults, 38 subjects were found to be ETBF carriers, giving a prevalence of approximately 9%. Among them, 32 subjects were enrolled in an open, randomized, parallel‐group study to ingest yogurt supplemented with a probiotic strain, Bifidobacterium longum BB536 (BB536Y group), for 8 weeks, with milk provided to the control group (milk group). The cell numbers of ETBF and the dominant species of the B. fragilis group were measured by a quantitative PCR method. Compared with the baseline values, there was a significant decrease in the cell number of ETBF at week 8 in the BB536Y group but not in the milk group. Linear mixed models analysis for longitudinal data revealed a significant difference in the changes of ETBF cell number between the two groups during the intervention phase. These results imply the potential of probiotic yogurt for eliminating ETBF in the microbiota, but its clinical significance needs to be evaluated in the future. This is the first report of a possible effect of probiotic intake on ETBF in the microbiota.
Clinical study on Vasant Kusumakar Ras in Diabetic Retinopathy$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Vasant Kusumakar Ras (Reference: Yogratnakar â??Prameha chikitsan adhaya): It is a Herbo‐mineral formulation containing two parts of Swarna Bhasma and Rajat Bhasma, three parts each of Vang bhasma, Kanta Loha bhasma, and four parts of Parad bhasma, Abhrak bhasma, Praval and Mauktik. These ingredients are processed (Bhavana is given) 7 times separately with each of the following ingredients : Cows milk, Ikshu Ras, Vasa, Kamal, Jalavetas, Haridra, Kadalikanda and one bhavana of Rose, Kamal, Malati, Chameli, Kasturi (either of these juice) Dosage and Treatment Duration: Vasant Kusumakar Ras in a dose of 1 tablet twice daily, orally on empty stomach for 180 days. Control Intervention1: Placebo Tablet: Dosage and Treatment Duration: Placebo Tablet in a dose of 1 tablet twice daily, orally on empty stomach for 180 days CONDITION: Diabetic Retinopathy PRIMARY OUTCOME: Assessment of effect of Vasant Kusumakar Ras Vs. Placebo on Diabetic Retinopathy (NPDR‐ Mild to Moderate) by Fundus Photography. The assessment will be done to evaluate if there is slowing of deterioration, induce regression or slowing of progression or improvement in retinal condition in mild to moderate NPDR‐ Non Proliferative Diabetic Retinopathy‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Day ‐7, Day 0, Day 30, Day 60, Day 120, Day 150, Day 180 SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1. Review of literature of Prameha, Madhumeha, Diabetes Mellitus and Diabetic Retinopathy $$$ 2. Review of literature of each ingredient of Vasant Kusumakar Ras. $$$ 3. Development of methods of analysis for the ingredients of Vasant Kusumakar Ras. $$$ 4. Assessment of Safety of Vasant Kusumakar Ras by evaluating Adverse events $$$ 5. Assessment of safety of Vasant Kusumakr Ras by evaluating Clinically significant Laboratory Parameters (CBC, Lipid Profile, Renal Profile, Liver Profile etc)‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Day ‐7, Day 0, Day 30, Day 60, Day 120, Day 150, Day 180 INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Diagnosed with diabetes mellitus (type I & II). 2. Diagnosed with non‐proliferative diabetic retinopathy (mild to Moderate cases), in whom panretinal photocoagulation is not imminently required in the ophthalmologistâ??s judgment. 3.Best corrected ETDRS VA in study eye â?¥49 letters (20/100) 4. HbA1C between 6 to 9 %. 5.Able and willing to give informed consent
Milk phospholipid and plant sterol-dependent modulation of plasma lipids in healthy volunteers$$$ PURPOSE: Hypolipidemic and/or hypocholesterolemic effects are presumed for dietary milk phospholipid (PL) as well as plant sterol (PSt) supplementation. The aim was to induce changes in plasma lipid profile by giving different doses of milk PL and a combination of milk PL with PSt to healthy volunteers. METHODS: In an open‐label intervention study, 14 women received dairy products enriched with moderate (3 g PL/day) or high (6 g PL/day) dose of milk PL or a high dose of milk PL combined with PSt (6 g PL/day + 2 g PSt/day) during 3 periods each lasting 10 days. RESULTS: Total cholesterol concentration and HDL cholesterol concentration were reduced following supplementation with 3 g PL/day. No significant change in LDL cholesterol concentration was found compared with baseline. High PL dose resulted in an increase of LDL cholesterol and unchanged HDL cholesterol compared with moderate PL dose. The LDL/HDL ratio and triglyceride concentration remained constant within the study. Except for increased phosphatidyl ethanolamine concentrations, plasma PL concentrations were not altered during exclusive PL supplementations. A combined high‐dose PL and PSt supplementation led to decreased plasma LDL cholesterol concentration, decreased PL excretion, increased plasma sphingomyelin/phosphatidyl choline ratio, and significant changes in plasma fatty acid distribution compared with exclusive high‐dose PL supplementation. CONCLUSION: Milk PL supplementations influence plasma cholesterol concentrations, but without changes of LDL/HDL ratio. A combined high‐dose milk PL and PSt supplementation decreases plasma LDL cholesterol concentration, but it probably enforces absorption of fatty acids or fatty acid‐containing hydrolysis products that originated during lipid digestion.
An energy-reduced dietary pattern, including moderate protein and increased nonfat dairy intake combined with walking promotes beneficial body composition and metabolic changes in women with excess adiposity: a randomized comparative trial$$$ Moderate protein and nonfat dairy intake within an energy‐reduced diet (ERD) may contribute to health benefits achieved with body weight (BW) loss. The current study examined the effectiveness of a weight‐loss/weight‐loss maintenance intervention using an ERD with moderate dietary protein (30% of kcals) and increased nonfat dairy intake (4‐5 svg/d), including yogurt (INT group) and daily walking compared to an ERD with standard protein (16‐17% of kcals) and standard nonfat dairy intake (3 svg/d) (COM group) with daily walking. A randomized comparative trial with 104 healthy premenopausal women with overweight/obesity was conducted in a university setting. Women were randomized to INT group or COM group. Anthropometric measurements, as well as dietary intake, selected vital signs, resting energy expenditure, blood lipids, glucose, insulin, and selected adipose‐derived hormones were measured at baseline, and weeks 2, 12, and 24. Targets for dietary protein and nonfat dairy intake, while initially achieved, were not sustained in the INT group. There were no significant effects of diet group on anthropometric measurements. Women in the INT group and COM group, respectively, reduced BW (‐4.9 ± 3.2 and ‐4.3 ± 3.3 kg, P < 0.001) and fat mass (‐3.0 ± 2.2 and ‐2.3 ± 2.3 kg, P < 0.001) during the 12‐week weight‐loss phase and maintained these losses at 24 weeks. Both groups experienced significant decreases in body mass index, fat‐free soft tissue mass, body fat percentage, waist and hip circumferences and serum triglycerides, total cholesterol, and leptin (all P < 0.001). Healthy premenopausal women with excess adiposity effectively lost BW and fat mass and improved some metabolic risk factors following an ERD with approximately 20% protein and 3 svg/d of nonfat dairy intake.
Effects of an energy-restricted, moderate-protein diet plan with non-fat dairy on weight changes: 12 weeks of weight loss (WL) followed by 12 weeks of WL maintenance$$$ Two diet plans were evaluated for effects on selected anthropometric and body composition measurements. Overweight/obese premenopausal women (n≤76$$$ age: 34.7±7.3 y) were randomly assigned to a Yogurt (YL, n≤41) or Exchange (EXG, n≤35) group. Diet plans included an energy‐restricted (ER$$$ 1500 or 1700 kcal/d), moderate‐protein pattern including Yoplait® Light twice/d plus 2‐3 additional servings of non‐fat dairy/d (YL) or an ER, standard‐protein pattern including 3 servings of non‐fat dairy/d (EXG). Women walked 30‐40 min/d. Changes were measured from baseline to 12 wks of WL followed by 12 wks of WL maintenance and analyzed using 2x3 MANCOVA with repeated measures. From baseline to wk 24, women in YL and EXG groups, respectively, had decreases in body weight (‐5.5±4.5 vs ‐5.8±4.5 kg, p<0.05), body mass index (‐2.1±1.6 vs ‐2.1±1.6 kg/m2, p<0.05), waist (‐4.9±3.6 vs ‐5.2±3.7 cm, p<0.001) and hip circumferences (‐5.4±4.4 vs ‐5.2±4.1 cm, p<0.01), and fat mass (‐4.6±3.8 vs ‐4.7±3.9 kg, p<0.05), with no significant differences in variables between groups during the 24 wks. These significant changes from baseline largely occurred during the 12 wks of WL. Beneficial changes in anthropometric and body composition measurements can be attained and maintained with a structured, ER, moderate‐protein diet plan including non‐fat dairy.
Correction: the aggressive behaviour of squamous cell carcinoma in epidermolysis bullosa: analysis of clinical outcomes and tumour characteristics in the Dutch EB Registry (British Journal of Dermatology (2022) 187: 5 (824-826) DOI: 10.1111/bjd.21769)$$$ This is a correction to: Megan N Landis, Stacy R Smith, Gabriel Berstein, Gerald Fetterly, Pranab Ghosh, Gang Feng, Vivek Pradhan, Sudeepta Aggarwal, Christopher Banfield, Elena Peeva, Michael S Vincent, Jean S Beebe, Sanela Tarabar, Efficacy and safety of topical brepocitinib cream for mild‐to‐moderate chronic plaque psoriasis: a phase IIb randomized double‐blind vehicle‐controlled parallel‐group study, British Journal of Dermatology, Volume 189, Issue 1, July 2023, Pages 33‐41, https://doi.org/10.1093/bjd/ljad098.
AYURVEDIC MANAGEMENT OF GLAUCOMA$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: ‐Jeevantyadi Taila Nasya Karma (A H Utt 13/51‐53) ‐ Goghritha Tarpana ‐ VARA FORTE Powder: ‐First Deepana‐Pachana with Chitrakadi Vati (for 3‐5) days. ‐Sadyo virechana with Dashamoola Kwatha‐Triphala kwatha‐Cow milk‐castor oil ‐Nasya with jeevantyadi taila X 7 days. ‐Tarpana with cow gheeX7 days ‐Internally VARA FORTE Powder with Triphala ghrita/Madhu & Ghee X 3 months. Control Intervention1: BRIMONIDINE EYE DROPS 0.5% (IOBRIM ED 0.5%): BRIMONIDINE EYE DROPS 0.5% (IOBRIM ED 0.5%) (TWICE IN A DAY FOR 3 MONTHS) CONDITION: Neuro protective role of ayurvedic management in PRIMARY OPEN ANGLE GLAUCOMA PRIMARY OUTCOME: 1.Blurred Vision $$$ 2. Frequent changes in presbyopic glasses $$$ 3. Visual Acuity $$$ 4. Applanation Tonometry $$$ 5. Direct & Indirect Ophthalmoscopic Examination $$$ 6. Goldmannâ??s Automated Perimetry $$$ 7. Optical Coherence Topography $$$ $$$ ‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: ALL PARAMETERS ARE ASSESSED AS BASELINE BEFORE STARTING TREATMENT AND AFTER COMPLETION OF 3 MONTHS OF TREATMENT. SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1.Blurred Vision $$$ 2. Frequent changes in presbyopic glasses $$$ 3. Visual Acuity $$$ 4. Applanation Tonometry $$$ 5. Direct & Indirect Ophthalmoscopic Examination $$$ 6. Goldmannâ??s Automated Perimetry $$$ 7. Optical Coherence Topography $$$ $$$ ‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: ALL PARAMETERS ARE ASSESSED BEFORE (BASELINE) TREATMENT AND AFTER 3 MONTHS OF TREATMENT. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Patients aged between 40‐70 years. 2. Patients of POAG having IOP <21mm hg with GON (Normal Tensive Glaucoma) and IOP >21mm hg with GON. 3. GON of mild to early severe stage (Grade 1‐Grade 3). 4. Patients with IOP >30, having parapapillary changes, RNFL defects and having a vertical CDR 0.4 or more who are glaucoma suspects (Ocular Hypertension With High Risk of POAG) are also included in the study.
Effect of Short-Term Full-Fat Yogurt Consumption on Circulating Inflammatory Biomarkers in Individuals With Prediabetes$$$ Objectives: Chronic low‐grade inflammation is a hallmark of many metabolic diseases, including type 2 diabetes. Whereas recent research suggests that the consumption of full‐fat (≥3.25%) dairy products may help reduce this inflammation, health authorities continue to recommend consuming low‐ or non‐fat dairy products. The objective of this pilot study was to determine the effect of consuming full‐fat (3.25%) yogurt, compared to non‐fat yogurt, on systemic inflammatory tone in individuals with prediabetes. We hypothesized that short‐term consumption of three daily servings of full‐fat yogurt would promote an anti‐inflammatory profile of inflammatory biomarkers. Methods: Seven women and six men aged 45–75 years old completed a randomized, double‐masked, controlled crossover study that compared diets with three daily servings of either nonfat yogurt (NFY diet) or full‐fat yogurt (FFY diet). The arithmetic difference in fat between diets (8% energy$$$ NFY: 30% fat vs. FFY: 38% fat) was solely due to the dairy fat in the full‐fat yogurt. The 8‐week study was comprised of two, three‐week experimental diets, each preceded by a one‐week run‐in/washout diet. At the end of each diet, fasting blood samples were collected for the measurement of cytokines, chemokines, acute‐phase proteins, and adipokines. Results: Between diets, there were no differences in the plasma concentrations of the following cytokines and chemokines: interleukin (IL)‐6, IL‐8, IL‐10, monocyte chemoattractant protein‐1, and tumor necrosis factor α (P>0.05). Similarly, for the acute phase‐associated proteins C‐reactive protein and plasminogen activator inhibitor‐1, no differences in plasma concentrations were observed between diets (P>0.05). There were also no differences between diets for plasma concentrations of the adipokines adiponectin or adipsin (P>0.05). Conclusions: The results from this pilot study do not support our hypothesis, as we observed no effect of short‐term consumption of three daily servings of full‐fat yogurt on circulating cytokines, chemokines, acute‐phase proteins, and adipokines in individuals with prediabetes. Funding Sources: National Dairy Council Nutrition Research Funding and a USDA Agriculture and Food Research Initiative National Institute of Food and Agriculture Predoctoral Fellowship funded this project.
The short-term impact of dietary fat and sugar intake on breast milk composition: a clinical trial protocol$$$ BACKGROUND: Breast milk is uniquely designed for the infant and contains the key nutrients and bioactive factors required to support optimal infant health and development. While previous studies have reported that maternal obesity can influence milk composition, whether this relationship is driven by maternal or dietary factors remains unclear. AIM: The aim of this study is to assess the impact of test meals varying in fat and sugar content on post‐prandial concentrations of macronutrients and metabolic hormones in the breast milk. METHODS: This open label crossover study will include 25 lactating women. On the three days of the intervention, women will be randomized to receive a breakfast meal with a fat and sugar content consistent with the Australian Guide to Healthy Eating (9 g fat, 25 g of sugar) or a breakfast meal containing higher levels of fat (28 g fat, 18 g of sugar) or sugar (5 g fat, 56 g of sugar). All breakfast meals will be similar in composition (cereal, milk, yogurt, toast and spread) and matched for total energy content. This study will measure breast milk concentrations of metabolic hormones (leptin, insulin, adiponectin, ghrelin and glucagon‐like peptide‐1) and macronutrients in the following 12 hours. RESULTS AND CONCLUSION: The results of this study will provide novel direct evidence of the impact of variations in dietary fat and sugar content to alter the macronutrient and/or metabolic hormone concentrations in breast milk. Data on the effect of maternal diet on milk composition is critical given the established importance of nutritional exposures in early infancy for an individual's life‐long health outcomes.
High dietary intake of whole milk and full-fat dairy products does not exert hypotensive effects in adults with elevated blood pressure$$$ Regular consumption of low‐ and nonfat dairy products reduces blood pressure (BP) in adults with elevated BP. Currently, it is unknown if conventional full‐fat dairy products exert similar hypotensive effects. We hypothesized that adding full‐fat dairy products to the normal routine diet would reduce seated office and ambulatory BP (primary outcome) in adults with elevated BP when compared with a no dairy control. Using a randomized controlled crossover design, 60 adults with elevated systolic BP (systolic/diastolic BP: 120‐159/<99 mm Hg) participated in a 4‐week high‐dairy (4 servings a day of full‐fat dairy products + regular diet) and a 4‐week no‐dairy condition (plant‐based food items + regular diet) separated by a 2‐week washout period. Data were analyzed based on time, condition, and sex. Seated office systolic BP did not change significantly in either condition. There were no changes in systolic BP in male or female participants across either dietary period. Ambulatory (24‐hour) systolic BP did not change significantly in the high‐dairy (133 ± 2 vs 131 ± 1 mm Hg) or no‐dairy conditions (132 ± 2 vs 131 ± 1 mm Hg). No significant changes were observed for diastolic BP or pulse pressure during condition for office or ambulatory measures. The solitary addition of full‐fat dairy products to the normal routine diet does not exert hypotensive effects in adults with elevated BP when compared to the no‐dairy control.
Dietary fat type influences total milk fat content in lean women$$$ Trans fatty acids (TFA) are found naturally in some foods (e.g., dairy products) as well as many processed foods made with partially hydrogenated vegetable oils (PHVO). Data from a growing literature suggest that some TFA decrease milk fat in lactating animals. Because the physiologic effects of TFA in lactating women are unknown, this study was designed to investigate the effects of TFA consumption on human milk fat. A randomized, crossover design (n = 12) was used to study the effect of 3 dietary treatments: high PHVO (regular margarine), low PHVO (low TFA margarine), or low PHVO but high in naturally occurring TFA (butter) on milk fat. Treatments were administered for 5 d, with 7‐d washout periods. Maternal adiposity was estimated by dual‐energy X‐ray absorptiometry. Milk and blood were collected on d 5 of each intervention period. In general, milk and serum fatty acid concentrations mirrored those of the dietary treatments. There were significant interactions between treatment and maternal adiposity on milk fat and infant milk consumption, as well as on serum glucose and nonesterified fatty acid (NEFA) concentrations. Consumption of regular margarine, compared with low TFA margarine, resulted in lower milk fat in leaner, but not in more obese women. Consumption of either regular or low TFA margarine, compared with butter, elevated serum NEFA concentrations in the more obese women. In summary, consumption of regular margarine, compared with low TFA margarine, decreased milk fat in lean women. Further studies are required to determine whether infant milk consumption might compensate for this potentially important change in milk composition.
Low fat yogurt reduce weight: randomized clinical trial from Malaysia$$$ Intake yogurt has been linked to a reduced risk of developing bladder cancer, a lower risk of heart attack and heart disease, and decrease in blood pressure. The objective of this study was to determine the effectiveness of low fat yogurt in reducing body weight among Malaysian university students. Thirty volunteer were participated in this study$$$ 15 cases and 15 controls. The participants were university students. Measuring waist, height and weight were recorded in the base line and at the end of the trail. For cases, the participant required to consume one container of low‐fat yogurt (140ml) everyday for 14 days. Daily follow‐up to measure waist, height and weight were recorded. They required carrying out their daily activities as usual and recording any changes to their normal daily activities. The control group is not required to consume any yogurt during the duration of the study. They followed‐up by measuring their waist, height and weight. A total number of 30 volunteer were participated in this study. The majority of them were Malay (15), single (24), non‐smoker (22), not physically active (24), and their age 18 to 20 years. This study showed significant differences between the weight of those who consumed 140 ml of low fat yogurt and those who did not. Consuming 140 ml of low fat yogurt for 14 days is significantly reducing the body weight.
Effect of a 12-Week Polyphenol Rutin Intervention on Markers of Pancreatic β-Cell Function and Gut Microbiota in Adults with Overweight without Diabetes$$$ Supplementation with prebiotic polyphenol rutin is a potential dietary therapy for type 2 diabetes prevention in adults with obesity, based on previous glycaemic improvement in transgenic mouse models. Gut microbiota are hypothesised to underpin these effects. We investigated the effect of rutin supplementation on pancreatic β‐cell function measured as C‐peptide/glucose ratio, and 16S rRNA gene‐based gut microbiota profiles, in a cohort of individuals with overweight plus normoglycaemia or prediabetes. Eighty‐seven participants were enrolled, aged 18–65 years with BMI of 23–35 kg/m2. This was a 12‐week double‐blind randomised controlled trial (RCT), with 3 treatments comprising (i) placebo control, (ii) 500 mg/day encapsulated rutin, and (iii) 500 mg/day rutin‐supplemented yoghurt. A 2‐h oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was performed at baseline and at the end of the trial, with faecal samples also collected. Compliance with treatment was high ( 90%), but rutin in both capsule and dietary format did not alter pancreatic β‐cell response to OGTT over 12 weeks. Gut bacterial community composition also did not significantly change, with Firmicutes dominating irrespective of treatment. Fasting plasma glucose negatively correlated with the abundance of the butyrate producer Roseburia inulinivorans, known for its anti‐inflammatory capacity. This is the first RCT to investigate postprandial pancreatic β‐cell function in response to rutin supplementation.
Cholesterol-lowering effect of probiotic yogurt in comparison with ordinary yogurt in mildly to moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Hypercholesterolemia is the most important risk factor for cardiovascular diseases. In this study, we compared the effect of consuming probiotic yogurt with that of ordinary yogurt on serum cholesterol level in mildly to moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects. METHODS: This randomized and crossover trial included 14 healthy subjects with serum total cholesterol 5.17‐7.76 mmol/l. They did not consume yogurt for a 2‐week prestudy period and added 300 g/day of milk to their diet. After this period, they were randomly allocated to 2 groups to receive either 300 g of ordinary yogurt or probiotic yogurt (fermented with a starter composed of Lactobacillus acidophilus and Bifidobacterium lactis in addition to bacteria in ordinary yogurt) for 6 weeks as a substitution for milk. After a 4‐week washout period, the crossover was made and the study lasted for another 6 weeks. Blood lipid tests were done at the beginning and at the end of each period. RESULTS: Consumption of probiotic yogurt in comparison with ordinary yogurt caused a significant decrease in serum total cholesterol (p < 0.05). Comparison of other blood lipid indices did not show any significant differences between these 2 periods. CONCLUSION: Yogurt containing two probiotic bacteria strains, L. acidophilus and B. lactis, had a cholesterol‐lowering effect in hypercholesterolemic subjects.
Effects of green-leafy vegetable intake on postprandial glycemic and lipidemic responses and α-tocopherol concentration in normal weight and obese men$$$ Vegetable consumption has been encouraged as a component of nutritional education for obese and insulin‐resistant patients. However, the benefits of vegetable intake in a therapeutic diet on postprandial glycemic and lipidemic responses have not been clarified. We studied the effects of the intake of spinach, a green‐leafy vegetable rich in dietary fiber and α‐tocopherol, with a fat‐rich meal on postprandial glycemic and lipidemic changes. Fourteen normal weight and 10 obese men consumed three test meals of bread, as a control, bread and butter, and bread and butter with boiled spinach. Blood samples were obtained prior to and 30, 60, 120, 180 and 240 min after consuming the test meals. Compared with the bread meal, consumption of the bread and butter meal showed a reduced peak glucose response at 30 min in normal (p<0.05) but not in obese subjects. The increase in triglyceride and decrease in LDL‐cholesterol were greater after the butter‐containing meal than after the bread meal (p<0.05). The α‐tocopherol/lipid level decreased and remained low after the bread and butter meal, but the decrease was smaller with the spinach‐containing meal in obese subjects (p<0.05). These results suggest that green‐leafy vegetable intake with a fat‐rich meal is effective for supplying postprandial α‐tocopherol in obese subjects, but consumption of a regular‐sized dish cannot be expected to improve abnormal postprandial hyperglycemic or hyperlipidemic responses.
Impact of milk consumption on cardiometabolic risk in postmenopausal women with abdominal obesity$$$ BACKGROUND: The impact of dairy intake on cardiometabolic risk factors associated with metabolic syndrome (MetS) needs further research. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the impact of milk consumption on a wide array of cardiometabolic risk factors associated with MetS (blood lipids, cholesterol homeostasis, glucose homeostasis, systemic inflammation, blood pressure, endothelial function) in postmenopausal women with abdominal obesity. METHODS: In this randomized, crossover study, 27 women with abdominal obesity consumed two 6‐week diets based on the National Cholesterol Education Program (NCEP), one with 3.2 servings/d of 2% fat milk per 2000 kcal (MILK) and one without milk or other dairy (NCEP). The macronutrient composition of both diets was comparable (55% carbohydrates, 15% proteins, 30% fat and 10% saturated fat). RESULTS: The MILK diet had no significant effect on LDL‐C, triglycerides, LDL size, CRP and cell adhesion molecule concentrations and on indicators of insulin sensitivity. The MILK diet reduced HDL‐C, adiponectin, endothelin and fasting glucose levels as well blood pressure (all P ≤ 0.01), but those changes were comparable to those seen with the NCEP milk‐free diet (all between‐diet P ≥ 0.07). Finally, the MILK diet was associated with lower VLDL apolipoprotein B fractional catabolic rate (‐13.4%$$$ P = 0.04) and plasma sterol concentrations (‐12.0%$$$ P = 0.04) compared with the control NCEP milk‐free diet. CONCLUSIONS: These data suggest that short‐term consumption of low fat milk in the context of a prudent NCEP diet has no favorable nor deleterious effect on cardiometabolic risk factors associated with MetS in postmenopausal women with abdominal obesity.
The Effect of Adding Job's Tears to Yogurt on Plasma Glycated Albumin, Weight, and Lipid Profile in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: a Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Background. A potential effect of Job's tears on metabolic diseases has been recognized. However, studies on the effect of Job's tears on lipid profile and glycated albumin (GA) are still rare. This study aimed to examine the influence of Job's tears in conjunction with probiotics on the lipid profile and GA concentration of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Methods. This double‐blind 12‐week study involved 60 patients with type 2 diabetes assigned randomly into two groups. The first group consumed yogurt alone (containing Lactobacillus acidophilus La5 and Bifidobacterium Bb12), while the second had yogurt with Job's tears once daily (200 ml each). Lipids and GA concentrations were measured using an enzymatic colorimetric assay. Paired and unpaired Students t‐test, Wilcoxon signed‐rank, and Mann‐Whitney test were applied. Statistical significance was set at p<0.05. Results. The characteristics of the groups were comparable except for baseline plasma GA (p=0.012). Subjects who used Metformin were distributed equally between the groups (p=0.118). Caloric intake between the groups also did not differ (p=0.856). There was also no change in weight, BMI, or plasma GA. Yogurt and the mixture of Job's tears and yogurt reduced cholesterol and LDL and increased HDL (all p<0.05) within the groups. However, HDL levels in patients who had Job's tears were significantly elevated than yogurt alone (0.9 vs. 25 mg/dL, p=0.029). Conclusion. The combination of Job's tears and yogurt improved HDL more than yogurt alone.
Effects of an insoluble fraction of soy protein versus milk protein on plasma lipids and fecal bile acids in men and women with hypercholesterolemia$$$ Synopsis: Soy protein consumption is associated with reductions in plasma cholesterol. Some studies have also ndicated that consumption of low‐fat dairy products can reduce plasma lipids, but the mechanisms for these effects are poorly understood. Purpose: This trial was undertaken to compare the effects of two protein sources (an nsoluble fraction of soy protein or total milk protein with high calcium content) on the fasting lipid profile, and to sess he potential contributions of increased excretion of bile acids and neutral sterols to any lipid‐altering effects. ethods: his was a randomized, controlled, parallel trial in men and women with hypercholesterolemia (low‐density lipoprotein holesterol [LDL‐C] concentration 100‐199 mg/dL). Subjects followed the Therapeutic Lifestyle Changes diet for 4 eeks, after which they completed a 2‐week lead‐in with 3.75 g/d colesevelam. Individuals with a decline in LDL‐C of ≤5.0% were randomly assigned to one of two groups after a 3‐week washout: 1) 25 g/d total milk protein (TMP) or 2) 5 g/d of an insoluble fraction of partially hydrolyzed soy protein isolate (SPI). Three‐day fecal samples and fasting ipids were collected during each phase. Results: There were no differences in baseline values for total cholesterol TC), LDL‐C, non‐high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (non‐HDL‐C), HDL‐C, TC/HDL‐C, triglycerides, or polipoprotein apo) A‐I or B between the groups. The consumption of both SPI and TMP produced significant reductions for TC ‐7.4 vs 23.6%), LDL‐C (‐10.9 vs 25.9%), non‐HDL‐C (‐10.8 vs 23.9%), and TC/HDL‐C (‐7.3 vs 20.5%). eductions ere greater for SPI versus TMP for TC (P = .05), non‐HDL‐C (P = .008), and TC/ HDL‐C (P = .001). HDL‐C levels ere increased (4.0% vs ‐3.3%, P = .02) in the SPI group versus the TMP group. Apo A‐I (‐2.9%, P < .05 vs baseline) nd apoB (29.7%, P < .001 vs baseline) were reduced from baseline in the SPI group and were significantly different rom changes in the TMP group (1.1%, P < .02 and 2.4%, P < .01 vs the SPI group). No significant increases were bserved in either group for fecal bile acids or neutral sterols. Conclusions: These results confirm that SPI onsumption has a hypocholesterolemic effect and that TMP elicits a similar, but less pronounced, response. owever, they do not support the hypothesis that increased bile acid excretion is an important contributor to the ypocholesterolemic effects of either protein source.
Hypocholesteremic effectiveness of a yogurt containing plant stanol esters$$$ This clinical trial was carried out with the objective of a preliminar evaluation of the hypocholesteremic effectiveness of a dietary dairy product currently marketed in Spain in the form of drinkable yogurt. Thirty‐two adult male and female patients with LDL cholesterol higher than 120 mg/dl were recruited in a pilot, randomized as parallel groups, double‐blind, and placebo‐controlled clinical trial. Patients consumed during 3 weeks (a bottle a day) Kaiku's Benecol containing 2 g/bottle of plant stanol esters, or a placebo consisting of the same product without plant stanol. Furthermore, all participants carried out some dietary standards. At the beginning and the end of the treatment LDL cholesterol, total cholesterol, and HDL cholesterol were assessed$$$ LDL/HDL index was also calculated. At the end of the treatment in the active group a significant decline (p < 0.01) with regard to the initial levels was observed in LDL cholesterol (157 +/‐ 30 to 140 +/‐ 34, mg/dl, mean +/‐ SD) levels, total cholesterol (235 +/‐ 34 to 219 +/‐ 35) levels, and LDL/HDL index (3,2 +/‐ 1,0 to 3,0 +/‐ 1,2), without significant changes in HDL cholesterol (48 +/‐ 15 to 53 +/‐ 29)$$$ in the placebo group there were no significant changes (LDL cholesterol: 168 +/‐ 25 to 164 +/‐ 23$$$ total cholesterol: 245 +/‐ 31 to 237 +/‐ 23$$$ HDL cholesterol: 51 +/‐ 12 to 51 +/‐ 12$$$ LDL/HDL index: 3,4 +/‐ 0,6 to 3,3 +/‐ 0,8). In short, consumption of a yogurt a day containing 2 g of stanol reduces significantly the cholesterol levels and this effect is not observed with the placebo.
Dynamics of fat absorption and effect of sham feeding on postprandial lipema$$$ BACKGROUND & AIMS: Given the importance of postprandial hyperlipidemia to increase risk for atherosclerosis, in the present study, stable isotope‐labeled meals were fed to healthy subjects (7 males and 3 females) to investigate the kinetics chylomicron synthesis and the effect of sensory exposure to lipid on metabolism. METHODS: Subjects performed two, 24‐hour inpatient studies that entailed consumption of a liquid formula evening meal containing 30 g of oil (+ (13)C(2) triolein) on day 1. Breakfast (day 2) consisted of triacylglycerols (TAGs) fed as capsules (30 g oil + (13)C(7) triolein) to avoid activation of mouth taste receptors. Next, modified sham feeding of cream cheese occurred over 2 hours. In the 2 trials, the stimulus was either higher fat (HF) or lower fat (LF) cream cheese. A liquid meal was consumed at lunch. Blood sampling occurred intermittently, and chylomicron particles S(f) >400 TAGs were analyzed by gas chromatography‐mass spectrometry. RESULTS: (13)C(2)‐Label was found in fasting‐state lipoproteins, and persons with higher body fat percentages showed greater dilution of meal TAGs from endogenous sources. For both trials, 13% ± 4% of lipoprotein TAGs oleic acid was derived from the previous evening meal. Incremental area under the curve for TAGs during HF was ∼2.5 times higher than after LF exposure (46 ± 15 vs 17 ± 5 μmol/L/h$$$ P = .04). The greater HF morning lipemia occurred with elevated glucose, insulin, and nonesterified fatty acids peak after lunch. CONCLUSIONS: These data support a connection between enteral lipid metabolism and oral fat exposure, resulting in elevated postprandial lipemia. The results suggest that the intestine may participate in a mechanism coordinating oral fat signaling with control of subsequent macronutrient disposal in the body.
Metformin to augment low milk supply: a protocol summary$$$ Maternal obesity is associated with shortened breastfeeding duration, but the mechanism remains unclear. A progression of research is pointing to waning insulin secretion in the context of insulin resistance as a strong contributor to low milk supply in mothers attempting to exclusively breastfeed. Metformin enhances insulin action, but it is not known if it improves milk production. Our primary aim is to enact a phase I/II double‐masked randomized placebo‐controlled trial (RCT) of metformin versus placebo to treat low milk supply in women with signs of insulin resistance. At baseline, all referred women receive standard guidance for increasing milk supply with breast expression, record 24‐hours of milk production, and are evaluated for RCT eligibility. If eligible, participants are randomly assigned to metformin or placebo. Specimen collection includes milk fat RNA at baseline and post‐treatment. Baseline measurements are ongoing until N=30 RCT‐eligible participants complete the trial. The study is powered to demonstrate feasibility, obtain variance estimates, and test for a trend in the primary hypothesis that the metformin group will experience a greater increase in milk output as compared to the placebo group. Trial completion expected July, 2016.
Effects of fat-modified dairy products on blood lipids in humans in comparison with other fats$$$ BACKGROUND/AIM: Due to its high content of LDL‐raising saturated fatty acids (SFA), milk fat has been considered to be hypercholesterolaemic, but it also contains fatty acids and other constituents which seem to have a hypocholesterolaemic effect. Milk fat was modified by feeding cows rapeseed cake, resulting in a reduced content of SFA and an increased content of unsaturated fatty acids. The objective of this study was to investigate the effects of modified milk fat (ModFat) on serum cholesterol fractions, triacylglycerides (TAG) and lipoprotein(a) [LP(a)], compared with regular milk fat (RegFat) and with soft margarine (Marg). METHOD: Fifteen women and 16 men were enrolled in the intervention study. Nine of the participants were hypercholesterolaemic. Nutrient intake parameters, serum lipids and LP(a) were determined. RESULTS: The serum concentration of HDL cholesterol increased in the ModFat period, leading to a decreased LDL/HDL ratio in this period. The lowest LP(a) concentrations were measured at the end of the control phase and at the end of the ModFat period. A decreasing tendency of serum TAG concentration was observed in the ModFat period. CONCLUSION: The fat‐modified milk seems to have positive effects on the LDL/HDL ratio and the LP(a) concentrations, both of which have been established as risk factors for coronary heart disease.
Pre-meal very-low dose whey protein microgels: insulin, glucose and gastric emptying effects in T2D$$$ Background: People with type 2 diabetes (T2D) and overweight or obesity often have impaired postprandial (PP) insulin reponse. Whey proteins (WP), found in dairy products, are rich in amino acids and peptides that can stimulate insulin secretion, but their routine use has been limited by requiring a high dose, and consumption well in advance of a meal. New micelle‐technology [WPM] allowing for a more rapid absorption, could enable a greater potency of WP. We assessed the effects of WPM on PP insulin secretion, glucose trajectory and gastric emptying. Methods: This crossover study in drug‐naïve or metformin‐treated T2D with overweight or obesity, studied the effects of 10g WP (40kcal) prepared as WPM, or placebo (PBO, 0kcal), provided as a 125mL shot 15min ahead of a 250g pizza meal (622kcal [29.0g protein, 22.6g fat, 72.6g carbohydrates]). PP insulin, glucose trajectory and effects on gastric emptying (acetaminophen absorption) were evaluated in frequently drawn blood‐samples over a 4h periode. The difference between WPM and PBO were assessed by comparing change in incremental (i), or total (t) areas under the curve (iAUC/ tAUC) between the two interventions. Results: In total 26 individuals (12 males, mean [SD] age 62.0 [8.3] years, baseline HbA1c 58 [12] mmol/mol /7.5 [1.1] %, eGFR 96.6 [25.7] ml/min/1.73m2, BMI 29.2 [4.8] kg/m2) completed both sequences. WPM increased early (1h) insulin secretion by 61% (mean [95% CI] iAUC‐30min‐ 60min 12.4 [5.8,19.0] μIU/mLxh, p = 0.001), and longer term (3h) secretion by 30% (iAUC‐30min‐ 180min 21.7 [7.5,36.0] μIU/mLxh, p = 0.004), while reducing 2h glucose (iAUC‐30min‐ 120min ‐29.4 [‐55.5, ‐3.4] mg/dLxh, p = 0.028). WPM also significantly delayed early (1h) gastric emptying by 17% (tAUC‐30min‐ 60min ‐1954.3 [‐3404.3, ‐504.4] ng/mL x h, p = 0.010) and reduced Cmax by 17% (‐2437.0 [4271.0, ‐603.1] ng/mL, p = 0.011), but had no effect on 4h gastric emptying (tAUC‐30min‐ 240min‐ 1637.27 [‐3709.7, 435.2] ng/mLxh, p = 0.116). Conclusions: In response to a mixed meal, 10g WPM increased PP insulin response, reduced glucose and induced an early delay in gastric emptying in subjects with T2D with overweight or obesity. These results support its use as a convenient pre‐meal shot to improve PP metabolic profile.
Probiotic doogh reduces liver CRP of mail athletes?$$$ As a fermented drink probiotic Doogh [1] can help promote the health of the society. Studying CRP [2] changes as an important inflammatory index that predicts Coronary‐Heart Diseases such as arteriosclerosis has received attention in medical and nutrition studies. The present study was carried out to study the effects of 10 week drinking different types of Dough (probiotic and plain) on the changes of liver CRP and other blood factors of male athletes with normal weight. The research sample of this study included 30 healthy male athlete students with equal BMI characteristics that were divided into two testing groups (15 each) and were homogenized and randomly divided and went through some exercises. The results of the paired t test showed that drinking plain Doogh resulted in significant reduction of blood's urea (12.5%) and CRP (66.87%) and significant increase of HDL (110.86%$$$ P < 0.05). The probiotic Doogh also resulted in significant reduction of CRP (79.37%) and significant increase of HDL (75.67%). The comparison of the two groups showed that the only statistically significant difference was in the amount of CRP and the reduction effect of probiotic Doogh on CRP was more compared to the plain Doogh (P < 0.05). Also the amount of record changes in the probiotic group (‐28 s) was significantly better than the plain Doogh (+2 s). 1. Churned sour milk, otherwise called yogurt drink. 2. C‐reactive protein.
Exploratory analysis of the human breast DNA methylation profile upon soymilk exposure$$$ Upon soy consumption, isoflavone metabolites attain bioactive concentrations in breast tissue possibly affecting health. Though in vitro epigenetic activity of soy metabolites has been described, the in vivo impact on the epigenome is largely unknown. Therefore, in this case‐control study, the breast glandular tissue DNA methylome was explored in women undergoing an aesthetic breast reduction. After a run‐in phase, 10 generally healthy Belgian or Dutch women received soymilk for 5 days. MethylCap‐seq methylation profiles were compared with those of 10 matched controls. Isoflavones and their microbial metabolites were quantified in urine, serum, and glandular breast tissue (liquid chromatography‐mass spectrometry) and 17β‐estradiol in glandular breast tissue (immunoassay). Global DNA methylation levels were obtained for 6 cases and 5 controls using liquid chromatography‐mass spectrometry. Although lower MethylCap‐seq coverages were observed, mass spectrometry results and computational LINE‐1 methylation analysis did not provide evidence supporting global methylation alterations upon treatment. At a false discovery rate of 0.05, no differentially methylated loci were identified. Moreover, a set of previously identified loci was specifically tested, but earlier reported results could not be validated. In conclusion, after a 5‐day soymilk treatment, no major general epigenetic reprogramming in breast tissue could be found in this exploratory study.
Lean-seafood intake reduces cardiovascular lipid risk factors in healthy subjects-results from a randomized controlled trial with crossover design$$$ Introduction: Observational studies associate a high intake of animal protein sources, in particular red meat, with the development of metabolic disorders like insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. However, randomized controlled studies linking dietary major protein sources to metabolic health are still limited. Therefore, the current study was undertaken to elucidate the potential of two major animal protein sources, lean seafood or nonseafood (meat, egg, milk) to modulate risk factors for metabolic disease in healthy subjects. Methods: This study was a randomized, controlled trial with a crossover design. After 3 wk run‐in periods, and separated by a 5 wk wash‐out period, 20 healthy subjects (7 men and 13 women) consumed two balanced diets (in energy%$$$ 29% fat, 52% carbohydrates, 19% protein) for 4 wk that varied in the main protein sources$$$ 60% of total dietary proteins from lean‐seafood or nonseafood sources. At day 1 and 28 of each intervention, morning spot urine samples were taken, and fasting and postprandial blood samples were collected before and after, respectively, consumption of test meals with cod or lean beef. Results: The diets did not alter serum insulin and glucose concentrations. However, relative to the nonseafood diet period, the lean‐seafood diet period reduced postprandial serum lactate (P = 0.012) and serum triacylglycerol (TAG) (P = 0.01) concentrations. TAG was mainly reduced by a lower postprandial concentration of medium‐sized VLDL particles (P = 0.02). The lean seafood intervention also prevented the postprandial serum elevation of total‐ to high‐density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol ratio (P = 0.01) and of TAG/ HDL cholesterol ratio (P = 0.002) relative to the non‐seafood intervention. The lean‐seafood diet period reduced the urinary levels of L‐carnitine (P <0.01), 2,6‐dimethylheptanoylcarnitine (P <0.03) and N‐2‐pyridone‐5‐carboxamide (2PY) (P <0.01), indicating changes in lipid and energy metabolism. Our serum data indicated that major dietary protein source induced alterations in carbohydrate and lipid metabolism, a notion that was supported by urine metabolomics data. Conclusions: The dietary protein source determines postprandial metabolism in healthy subjects in a manner that may have impact on long‐term development of insulin‐resistance, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease.
Effectiveness of Ashwagandha in obese and overweight adults for stress and weight management$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: KSM‐66 capsules containing Ashwagandha 300 mg standardized root extract: Standardized root extract 300 mg to be taken two times in a day orally with water/milk for period of 24 weeks Control Intervention1: Placebo Capsule (Identical to intervention Capsule): Identical Capsule containing starch 300 mg to be taken two times in a day orally with water/milk for period of 24 weeks CONDITION: Health Condition 1: E663‐ Overweight PRIMARY OUTCOME: Reduction in body weight and Body Mass Index (BMI)Timepoint: Baseline, Week 4, Week 12, Week 24 SECONDARY OUTCOME: Complete Blood Count, Renal Function Test, Liver Function Test, Lipid Profile, Thyroid Function Test, Fasting Blood Sugar and Hba1c TestTimepoint: Baseline, Week 4, Week 12, Week 24 Food Cravings Questionnaireâ??Trait (FCQâ??T)Timepoint: Baseline, Week 4, Week 12, Week 24 Perceived Stress Scale (PSS‐10)Timepoint: Baseline, Week 4, Week 12, Week 24 Quality of Life (SF‐12 QoL)Timepoint: Baseline, Week 4, Week 12, Week 24 Standard Stress Scale (SSS)Timepoint: Baseline, Week 4, Week 12, Week 24 INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Healthy adult men and women participants >= 19 years and <=65 years of age. 2. Willingness to follow the protocol requirements as evidenced by written informed consent. 3. Participants willing to give meaningful, written informed consent prior to participation in the trial, in accordance with regulatory requirements. 4. Participants who agree to take investigational product (i.e., Till Week 8). 5. Participants with Body mass inde Xbetween 25 and 39.9 kg/m2
Almond Milk Has No Additional Benefits over 2% Milk on Postprandial Glycemia, Lipidemia, and Gastrointestinal Hormones in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes$$$ Almond milk is often used in lieu of dairy milk with the perception of being a healthier substitute, however, its effect on postprandial glycemia compared to 2% milk is not understood. In this study, we compared the 4‐hour postprandial effects of almond milk versus carbohydrate‐ or caloric‐matched 2% milk, each served with a similar amount of oatmeal in patients with T2D. In this cross‐over, three‐way, open‐label study, 22 overweight or obese patients with T2D consumed 1/2cup (40 g) of oatmeal served with 360 mL almond milk (ALM) or carbohydrate‐matched (246 ml) 2% milk (CarbM) or calorie‐matched (182 ml) 2% milk, on separate days, in random order. The primary outcome was glucose incremental area under the curve (iAUC 0‐240) while changes in other analytes were secondary outcomes. Blood samples for glucose, free fatty acids (FFA) , gastrointestinal (GI) satiety and hunger hormones were drawn at baseline, 15, 30, 60, 90, 120, 180 and 240 minutes. Incremental AUCs were compared between groups using Wilcoxon signed rank test. P‐values for analytes other than glucose were adjusted with the false discovery rate (FDR) . P<5% for glucose or FDR<5% were considered significant. There were no differences in iAUC 0‐ 240 for glucose, triglycerides, PYY, active GLP‐1 or amylin, leptin, GIP, cholecystokinin, ghrelin or FFA in any pair‐wise comparison. However, iAUC 0‐240 for insulin and glucagon were significantly higher in CarbM vs. ALM (FDR 0.002 and 0.02 respectively) . In conclusion, compared to almond milk used with oatmeal, carbohydrate‐ or caloric‐matched 2% milk has similar effects on postprandial glucose, FFA, triglycerides and GI hormones for up to 4 hrs, indicating no additional benefits of almond milk over 2% milk. On the contrary, carbohydrate‐matched 2% milk increased insulin and glucagon secretion compared to almond milk. The long‐term significance of this increase in insulin release needs to be further elaborated in a long‐term study.
Almond Milk Has No Additional Benefits over 2% Milk on Postprandial Glycemia, Lipidemia, and Gastrointestinal Hormones in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes$$$ Almond milk is often used in lieu of dairy milk with the perception of being a healthier substitute, however, its effect on postprandial glycemia compared to 2% milk is not understood. In this study, we compared the 4‐hour postprandial effects of almond milk versus carbohydrate‐or caloric‐matched 2% milk, each served with a similar amount of oatmeal in patients with T2D. In this crossover, three‐way, open‐label study, 22 overweight or obese patients with T2D consumed 1/2 cup (40 g) of oatmeal served with 360 mL almond milk (ALM) or carbohydrate‐matched (246 ml) 2% milk (CarbM) or calorie‐matched (182 ml) 2% milk, on separate days, in random order. The primary outcome was glucose incremental area under the curve (iAUC 0‐240) while changes in other analytes were secondary outcomes. Blood samples for glucose, free fatty acids (FFA), gastrointestinal (GI) satiety and hunger hormones were drawn at baseline, 15, 30, 60, 90, 120, 180 and 240 minutes. Incremental AUCs were compared between groups using Wilcoxon signed rank test. P‐values for analytes other than glucose were adjusted with the false discovery rate (FDR). P<5% for glucose or FDR<5% were considered significant. There were no differences in iAUC 0‐240 for glucose, triglycerides, PYY, active GLP‐1 or amylin, leptin, GIP, cholecystokinin, ghrelin or FFA in any pair‐wise comparison. However, iAUC 0‐240 for insulin and glucagon were significantly higher in CarbM vs. ALM (FDR 0.002 and 0.02 respectively). In conclusion, compared to almond milk used with oatmeal, carbohydrate‐or caloric‐matched 2% milk has similar effects on postprandial glucose, FFA, triglycerides and GI hormones for up to 4 hrs, indicating no additional benefits of almond milk over 2% milk. On the contrary, carbohydrate‐matched 2% milk increased insulin and glucagon secretion compared to almond milk. The long‐term significance of this increase in insulin release needs to be further elaborated in a long‐term study.
Skim milk, whey, and casein increase body weight and whey and casein increase the plasma C-peptide concentration in overweight adolescents$$$ In adults, dietary protein seems to induce weight loss and dairy proteins may be insulinotropic. However, the effect of milk proteins in adolescents is unclear. The objective was to test whether milk and milk proteins reduce body weight, waist circumference, homeostatic model assessment, plasma insulin, and insulin secretion estimated as the plasma C‐peptide concentration in overweight adolescents. Overweight adolescents (n = 203) aged 12‐15 y with a BMI of 25.4 ± 2.3 kg/m(2) (mean ± SD) were randomized to 1 L/d of skim milk, whey, casein, or water for 12 wk. All milk drinks contained 35 g protein/L. Before randomization, a subgroup of adolescents (n = 32) was studied for 12 wk before the intervention began as a pretest control group. The effects of the milk‐based test drinks were compared with baseline (wk 0), the water group, and the pretest control group. Diet and physical activity were registered. Outcomes were BMI‐for‐age Z‐scores (BAZs), waist circumference, plasma insulin, homeostatic model assessment, and plasma C‐peptide. We found no change in BAZ in the pretest control and water groups, whereas it was greater at 12 wk in the skim milk, whey, and casein groups compared with baseline and with the water and pretest control groups. The plasma C‐peptide concentration increased from baseline to wk 12 in the whey and casein groups and increments were greater than in the pretest control (P < 0.02). There were no significant changes in plasma C‐peptide in the skim milk or water group. These data suggest that high intakes of skim milk, whey, and casein increase BAZs in overweight adolescents and that whey and casein increase insulin secretion. Whether the effect on body weight is primary or secondary to the increased insulin secretion remains to be elucidated.
An open-label, randomized, crossover, pilot study to assess the efficacy of Nutren diabetes, in maintenance of blood glucose level in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2DM)$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Nutren Diabetes: Nutren diabetes$$$ 55 gm in 210 ml of water as a single dose on one occasion via oral administration. Control Intervention1: The reference product: Cornflakes and Milk: 250 ml of double toned milk with 42 gm of Kelloggs cornflakes. The reference product will deliver 261 kcal of energy. CONDITION: Type 2 Diabetes PRIMARY OUTCOME: The primary efficacy outcome for this study is reduction in postprandial blood glucose level over stipulated time points (30, 60, 90, 120, and 180 minutes) form baseline (0 min). This parameter is considered one of the standards for the determination of blood glucose control.‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 0, 30, 60, 90, 120, and 180 minutes SECONDARY OUTCOME: The secondary efficacy outcome for this study is change in insulin level over stipulated time points (30, 60, 90, 120, and 180 minutes) from baseline (0 min) and triglycerides level at 120 min from fasting state as the intake of any food product is directly related the lipid content. Also subjective sensations of hunger, satiety, and other appetite sensations will be assessed for the patients using a VAS questionnaire.‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 0, 30, 60, 120 and 180 minutes. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. The patient has a known history of diabetes (T2DM) and is currently on antihyperglycemic drugs. 2. The patient has good diabetes control defined as baseline HbA1c levels of 7.0‐9.0% 3. The patient is male or female, and is ≥35 and ≤60 years of age 4. The patient is capable of understanding and complying with the protocol requirements 5. The patient signs a written, informed consent form prior to the initiation of any study procedures 6. The patient has a fasting blood glucose less than 180 mg 7. The patient has a stable weight$$$ no loss/gain of a maximum of 10% of their body weight within the past 6 months
Very-low-dose premeal whey protein microgels reduce postprandial (PP) glucose in type 2 diabetes: a randomized, placebo-controlled crossover study$$$ Whey protein (WP), found in dairy products, is rich in branched chain amino acids and bioactive peptides that stimulate the secretion of incretin hormones and insulin, but has typically required relatively high caloric doses. Technologies enhancing absorption could enable use of a lower WP‐dose. This single‐intervention study in type 2 diabetes (drug‐naïve or on metformin), evaluated the effects of 10g WP (40 Cal) prepared with novel micelle‐technology [WPM], or placebo (PBO, 0 Cal), taken as a 125 mL shot 15 min ahead of a pizza meal (622 Cal). PP glucose (0‐4h) and intact GLP‐1 (0‐2h) responses were assessed in blood. Twenty‐six individuals (mean age 62 years, baseline HbA1c 7,5%, BMI 29.1 kg/m ) completed both sequences. Compared to PBO, pre‐ meal WPM significantly altered the early PP glucose trajectory (Fig), reducing the 2h incremental area under the curve (iAUC) by 22% (mean [95% CI] difference iAUC‐30‐120min‐29.43 [‐55.45, ‐3.40] mg/dLxh, p=0.0283). The‐30‐180min iAUC was similar (‐31.58 [‐68.43, 5.26], p=0.0896). A 66.1% increase in GLP‐1 iAUC ‐30‐120minwas observed (4.80 [2.19, 7.40], p=0.0009). Compared to PBO, 10g WPM taken 15 min before a pizza meal, significantly reduced the early glycemic burden and significantly augmented the GLP‐1 response, suggesting its use as a convenient pre‐meal shot to improve PP metabolic profile in type 2 diabetes.
Effects of whey protein isolate on body composition, lipids, insulin and glucose in overweight and obese individuals$$$ The health benefits currently associated with increased dairy intake may be attributable to the whey component of dairy proteins. The present study evaluated the effects of whey protein supplementation on body composition, lipids, insulin and glucose in comparison to casein and glucose (control) supplementation in overweight/obese individuals for 12 weeks. The subjects were randomised to whey protein, casein or glucose supplementation for 12 weeks according to a parallel design. Fasting blood samples and dual‐energy X‐ray absorptiometry measurements were taken. Seventy men and women with a mean age of 48.4 (SEM 0.86) years and a mean BMI of 31.3 (SEM 0.8) kg/m2 completed the study. Subjects supplemented with whey protein had no significant change in body composition or serum glucose at 12 weeks compared with the control or casein group. Fasting TAG levels were significantly lowered in the whey group compared with the control group at 6 weeks (P = 0.025) and 12 weeks (P = 0.035). There was a significant decrease in total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol at week 12 in the whey group compared with the casein (P = 0.026 and 0.045, respectively) and control groups (P < 0.001 and 0.003, respectively). Fasting insulin levels and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance scores were also significantly decreased in the whey group compared with the control group (P = 0.049 and P = 0.034, respectively). The present study demonstrated that supplementation with whey proteins improves fasting lipids and insulin levels in overweight and obese individuals.
Exchanging saturated fatty acids for (n-6) polyunsaturated fatty acids in a mixed meal may decrease postprandial lipemia and markers of inflammation and endothelial activity in overweight men$$$ Postprandial lipemia, low‐grade systemic inflammation, and endothelial activity are related to metabolic disorders. It is well known that dietary fatty acid composition modulates postprandial lipemia, but information on the other metabolic risk markers is limited. We therefore studied the acute effects of a meal rich in SFA compared with those of a meal rich in (n‐6) PUFA on postprandial responses in overweight men who are at an increased risk to develop the metabolic syndrome and its comorbidities. In a crossover design, the effects of 50 g butter (rich in SFA) on lipemia and markers for inflammation and endothelial activity were compared with those of 50 g sunflower oil [rich in (n‐6) PUFA] during an 8‐h postprandial mixed meal tolerance test in 13 overweight men. Postprandial changes in serum TG were comparable between the meals (P = 0.38), except for a reduction in the incremental area under the curve (P = 0.046) in the late postprandial phase after (n‐6) PUFA (125 ± 96 mmol⋅min⋅L(‐1)) compared with SFA (148 ± 98 mmol⋅min⋅L(‐1)). Compared with the SFA meal, the (n‐6) PUFA meal decreased plasma IL‐6 (P = 0.003), TNFα (P = 0.005), soluble TNF receptors I and II (sTNFr$$$ P = 0.024 and P < 0.001, respectively), and soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule‐1 (sVCAM‐1$$$ P = 0.030) concentrations. These results indicate that exchanging SFA from butterfat for (n‐6) PUFA in a mixed meal may decrease postprandial lipemia and concentrations of IL‐6, TNFα, sTNFr‐I and ‐II, and sVCAM‐1 in overweight men.
Tributyrin supplementation in pasteurized waste milk: effects on growth performance, health, and blood parameters of dairy calves$$$ This study evaluated the effects of incremental tributyrin supplementation in pasteurized waste milk on growth performance, health, and blood metabolism of dairy calves before and after weaning. Forty‐eight newborn female Holstein dairy calves (39.6 � 2.75 kg$$$ mean � standard deviation) were blocked by age and randomly assigned to 3 treatments: pasteurized waste milk (1) without supplementation, (2) with 1 g/L of tributyrin products (unprotected solid powder$$$ containing 35% tributyrin), or (3) with 2 g/L of tributyrin products. The calves were weaned on d 56 and were raised until d 77. Data were analyzed for the preweaning, postweaning, and overall periods. The results showed that starter intake and hay intake were not different among treatments in any period of the trial, but the crude protein intake tended to increase linearly with tributyrin supplementation during the overall period. Although tributyrin supplementation had no effects on body weight during preweaning and overall periods, body weight increased linearly with tributyrin supplementation postweaning. The average daily gain tended to increase linearly during postweaning and overall periods. No effects were observed on feed efficiency in any period. A positive linear relationship between body length and tributyrin supplementation was observed during the postweaning period, but no differences were found for the other body structural measurements in any period. The results of diarrhea showed that tributyrin concentration had a negative linear relationship with diarrhea frequency during preweaning and overall periods. The rectal temperature did not differ among treatments in any period, but a treatment � week effect for rectal body temperature was observed. For blood metabolism, tributyrin supplementation had no effects on insulin, growth hormone, total protein, albumin, or globulin. No differences were found in serum amyloid A concentration in any of the periods, yet haptoglobin concentration decreased linearly with increasing tributyrin concentration during postweaning and overall periods. Endothelin concentration showed a tendency to decrease linearly during preweaning and postweaning periods and decreased linearly with tributyrin supplementation during the overall period. An increasing tributyrin concentration was associated with a negative linear relationship with IL‐1? concentration during the preweaning period, and no differences were found in the other periods. The concentration of IL‐6 and tumor necrosis factor ? were not different among treatments in any of the periods. These data suggest that increasing the concentration of tributyrin in pasteurized waste milk could increase growth performance and health of dairy calves, and incremental tributyrin supplementation could linearly reduce haptoglobin, endothelin, and IL‐1? concentrations, indicating a positive effect of tributyrin on alleviating oxidative stress and inflammatory status of dairy calves. Calves fed pasteurized waste milk supplemented with tributyrin products (containing 35% tributyrin) at 2 g/L compared with 1 g/L of milk had more improved growth and health.
Clitoria ternatea flower extract suppresses postprandial lipemia and improves antioxidant status induced by a high-fat meal in overweigh/obese subjects$$$ Background and Objective: High‐fat (HF) meal‐induced postprandial lipemia, oxidative stress and low‐grade inflammation, contributing to an increased risk of metabolic disorders. Clitoria ternatea L. or butterfly pea is a natural food source of phytochemical compounds, especially anthocyanins. The pharmacological properties of C. ternatea has been revealed as antioxidant, anti‐hyperlipidemic, and anti‐inflammatory effects. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of C. ternatea L. flower extract (CTE) on postprandial lipemia, antioxidant status, and inflammatory response following high‐fat meal consumption in overweight/obese men. Methods: In randomized, crossover, control trial study, sixteen overweight/obese men (body mass index, 25.7 ± 0.7 kg/m2) were assigned to three groups that consumed HF meal or HF with 1 or 2 g CTE in the beverage. Blood samples were collected at fasting state and then at 30, 60, 90, 120, 180, 240, 300 and 360 min after the meal consumption. Results: Phenolic and anthocyanins content of CTE were 50.19 ± 0.86 mg gallic acid equivalent and 0.87 ± 0.13 mg delphinidin‐3‐glucoside equivalents/g dried extract, respectively. DPPH radical scavenging activity and the ferric reducing antioxidant power of CTE were 18.64 ± 3.07 µg ascorbic acid equivalent and 0.32 ± 0.01 mM FeSO4 equivalent/mg extract, respectively. The ingestion of CTE (2 g) significant decreased the incremental area under the curve (iAUC) of postprandial serum triglyceride and the level of serum free fatty acid (FFA) at 360 min following HF‐meal consumption. Postprandial plasma antioxidant capacity presented by ferric reducing ability of plasma and protein thiol was significantly increased after consumption of HF meal plus CTE, corresponding to the improvement of glutathione peroxidase activity. In consistence, CTE consumption also decreased the elevated plasma lipid peroxidation product, malondialdehyde, after administration HF meal. However, no significant difference was observed for the level of serum inflammatory cytokines (interleulin‐6, interleulin‐1β and tumor necrosis factor‐α) and the expression of interleulin‐6 and interleulin‐1β genes in peripheral blood mononuclear cells response to HF consumption among three groups. Conclusion: These findings suggest that acute ingestion of CTE may improve postprandial lipemia and antioxidant status when consumed with HF meal in overweight/obese subjects.
Clitoria ternatea flower extract suppresses postprandial lipemia and improves antioxidant status induced by a high-fat meal in overweigh/obese subjects$$$ Background and objective: High‐fat (HF) meal‐induced postprandial lipemia, oxidative stress and low‐grade inflammation, contributing to an increased risk of metabolic disorders. Clitoria ternatea L. or butterfly pea is a natural food source of phytochemical compounds, especially anthocyanins. The pharmacological properties of C. ternatea has been revealed as antioxidant, anti‐hyperlipidemic, and anti‐inflammatory effects. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of C. ternatea L. flower extract (CTE) on postprandial lipemia, antioxidant status, and inflammatory response following high‐fat meal consumption in overweight/obese men. Methods: In randomized, crossover, control trial study, sixteen overweight/obese men (body mass index, 25.7 ± 0.7 kg/m2) were assigned to three groups that consumed HF meal or HF with 1 or 2 g CTE in the beverage. Blood samples were collected at fasting state and then at 30, 60, 90, 120, 180, 240, 300 and 360 min after the meal consumption. Results: Phenolic and anthocyanins content of CTE were 50.19 ± 0.86 mg gallic acid equivalent and 0.87 ± 0.13 mg delphinidin‐3‐glucoside equivalents/g dried extract, respectively. DPPH radical scavenging activity and the ferric reducing antioxidant power of CTE were 18.64 ± 3.07 μg ascorbic acid equivalent and 0.32 ± 0.01 mM FeSO4 equivalent/mg extract, respectively. The ingestion of CTE (2 g) significant decreased the incremental area under the curve (iAUC) of postprandial serum triglyceride and the level of serum free fatty acid (FFA) at 360 min following HF‐meal consumption. Postprandial plasma antioxidant capacity presented by ferric reducing ability of plasma and protein thiol was significantly increased after consumption of HF meal plus CTE, corresponding to the improvement of glutathione peroxidase activity. In consistence, CTE consumption also decreased the elevated plasma lipid peroxidation product, malondialdehyde, after administration HF meal. However, no significant difference was observed for the level of serum inflammatory cytokines (interleulin‐6, interleulin‐1β and tumor necrosis factor‐α) and the expression of interleulin‐6 and interleulin‐1β genes in peripheral blood mononuclear cells response to HF consumption among three groups. Conclusion: These findings suggest that acute ingestion of CTE may improve postprandial lipemia and antioxidant status when consumed with HF meal in overweight/obese subjects.
Comparison of a calorie-defined diet with the conventional exchange diet in Type 2 diabetes mellitus$$$ Meal planning using food exchange lists is problematic for many elderly type 2 diabetic subjects because the system is too complicated and too rigid regarding the daily meals. In addition, exchange lists are calorically imprecise. 12 non‐insulin‐dependent diabetic subjects agreed to participate in the present study (6 male, 6 female$$$ age 40‐82 years, weight 80 +/‐ 6 kg$$$ HbA1c 7.3 +/‐ 0.3%)$$$ they received sequentially in randomized order either a diet using exchange lists, or a diet defined by total amount of allowed daily calories ("calorie diet"), both containing approx. 25 calories/kg ideal body weight/day, each for 8 weeks. The "exchange lists" mainly contained foods which were defined according to their content in carbohydrates (including bread exchanges, fruit exchanges, milk exchanges, vegetable exchanges). With the "calorie diet" the patients were relatively free during the day, the only rule being that they were allowed to consume a certain amount of calories per day, using a "calorie ruler". The results demonstrated that body weight decreased similarly during both diet periods (2.0 +/‐ 0.8 kg during the exchange list diet$$$ 2.5 +/‐ 0.9 kg during the "calorie diet"). Fasting blood glucose concentration decreased during the "calorie diet" by 7% (p less than 0.05$$$ fasting blood glucose at the end of the "calorie diet" was lower than after the exchange list diet (p less than 0.016). Serum lipoproteins were similar after both diet periods. 10/12 patients preferred the "calorie diet" because of its simplicity and flexibility. It allowed consumption of instant food which was calorically defined but difficult to convert into the exchange system.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Preliminary study: soy milk as effective as skim milk in promoting weight loss$$$ Calcium from dairy sources is beneficial to weight loss$$$ however, no studies have compared the effects of dairy to nondairy sources of calcium on weight loss. This pilot study explored differences between soy and skim milk on changes in anthropometric values in premenopausal women. In a prospective randomized controlled trial, 14 women with overweight/obesity were randomly assigned to 720 mL soy milk (n=7) or an equivalent volume of skim milk (n=7) daily for 8 weeks. Subjects followed a 500‐kcal deficit diet based on metabolic rate data. There were no anthropometric differences between soy and skim milk groups at baseline. Subjects followed an energy‐restricted diet$$$ both groups experienced reductions in kilogram weight (4.27+/‐2.05 vs 3.76+/‐2.25$$$ P=0.668), body fat percent (1.30+/‐1.37 vs 1.87+/‐1.45$$$ P=0.464), and abdominal circumference (11.28+/‐5.23 vs 8.66+/‐2.51$$$ P=0.259) while attenuating losses of fat‐free mass (1.12+/‐1.29 vs 0.43+/‐1.12$$$ P=0.299) during the 8‐week study. There were no significant differences in weight, fat percent, abdominal circumference, and fat‐free mass between groups. To optimize the weight loss effects of calcium, one can consume 720 mL of either soy milk or skim milk daily.
The influence of age category, gender, location, effort, volume and consistency on lingual swallowing pressures (PS) in healthy belgian adults$$$ Introduction: The influence of several subject and bolus parameters on Ps is not fully understood. Also, no previous European research on Ps is available although cross‐cultural differences in maximum tongue pressures (MIP) were described1. Methods: 160 healthy adults (with equal gender distribution) were studied using the IOPI and the standard tongue bulbs$$$ pressure is expressed as absolute numbers in kPa. Exclusion criteria were complaints of dysphagia or dysarthria, neurological disorders, major oral or head and neck surgery, any history of cancer presence of diabetes or food allergies. All persons passed the 90 cc water swallow test. Distinct age categories (AC$$$ 1:20‐60yo$$$ 2: 61‐70yo$$$ 3: 71‐80yo$$$ 4: 80 + yo) were based on previous MIP research 1. Anterior and posterior tongue strength were assessed$$$ each bolus was swallowed both non‐effortful (NES) and effortful (ES) without allowing visual feedback from the IOPI in order to avoid influence during NES 1. Consistencies used were still cold water, natural unsweetened yoghurt and potato puree and the starting order was randomized. Bolus volumes were 5 and 10 ml, corresponding with tea‐and tablespoons. Mixed effects with random intercept and pairwise comparisons with stepdown Bonferroni correction was performed using SAS. Results: No differences in Ps were found for age, gender or volume after correction for multiple testing. Comparing location, a significant higher Ps was found during water swallows in AC1 (p = .0024). ES revealed higher Ps than NES regardless of AC, gender and consistency (p<.000), except for water swallows in AC4. Analysis of consistency demonstrated that during NES, Ps for water were lower than yoghurt (p<.008) (except in AC3‐4) and puree (p<.0001) (all AC) (Table 1). Ps for yoghurt were lower than puree (p<.02) except AC4. During ES, Ps for all consistencies were of similar magnitude across locations, except in AC4 where Ps for liquid were lower than yoghurt and puree (p<.03). Conclusions: Several parameters did not reach significance in this largest study to date, unlike previous research (Table 2). While ES showed no major differences across consistency and AC, a consistently high NES Ps for any consistency was needed in AC4 to effectively clear the bolus. This can correspond with a clear reduction in functional reserve in the elderly.
Evaluation of the Effect of Various Radiotherapy Modalities on Swallowing Function in Patients With Nasopharyngeal Cancer$$$ The objective of this study was to compare the effect of curative 3‐dimensional (3D) conformal radio‐chemotherapy and intensity‐modulated radiotherapy (IMRT) modalities on swallowing function in patients with nasopharyngeal cancer. Ten patients receiving 3D conformal radiotherapy and 10 patients receiving curative radiotherapy with IMRT, who were admitted for malignancy control for nasopharyngeal cancer, were included in the study. Swallowing functions were determined by flexible fiberoptic endoscopic evaluation. Premature spillage, retention pooling, penetration, aspiration, and reflex cough were evaluated. No statistically significant difference was found between patients receiving 3D conformal radiotherapy and IMRT regarding the scores of premature spillage, retention pooling, penetration, and aspiration with 3, 5, and 10 mL water and 5 mL yoghurt and fish crackers ( P > .05). Velopharyngeal insufficiency or delayed onset of swallowing reflex was not found in any of the patients ( P > .05). No significant difference was found between the groups in terms of the symptoms regarding subjective evaluation of swallowing ( P > .05). Swallowing function did not differ among patients receiving IMRT and 3D conformal radiotherapy. Further studies with a larger sample size are warranted in order to verify the results.
Feasibility and acceptability of miracle fruit application prior to the consumption of sour-tasting foods as a weight-loss strategy in adults with diabetes or prediabetes: a randomized crossover trial$$$ Miracle fruit (MF) has emerged as a promising option for healthy noncaloric sweeteners due to its sour‐to‐sweet taste‐modifying effects and high antioxidant activity. We aimed to examine the feasibility and acceptability of using MF as a weight‐loss strategy for individuals with diabetes or prediabetes. Fifty Korean‐American men and women (25 participants each) aged 45–75 years with diabetes or prediabetes were recruited in this study. They participated in a randomized placebo‐controlled crossover trial where they took the assigned tablet (either an MF tablet or a placebo‐sugar candy) 10 min before consuming food. Using a 9‐point hedonic scale, participants assessed the likings of overall, flavor, texture, and aftertaste for green apples, goat cheese, lemonade, pickles, and plain fat‐free yogurt before and 10 min after taking the assigned tablet. Additionally, overall liking for meals and calorie intake were assessed during subsequent ad libitum meal sessions. An ANOVA for a crossover design, and independent and paired t‐tests were used to compare the outcomes. The results revealed that all postintervention liking values for sour‐tasting foods were higher than the respective preintervention liking values for both interventions. However, the MF intervention showed significantly higher pre–post differences in liking for all sour‐tasting foods and the overall liking values for breakfast and dinner compared to the placebo intervention (P < 0.001). Furthermore, the MF intervention resulted in a significantly lower calorie intake for each meal than the placebo (P < 0.001). These findings suggest that MF intervention can be considered a viable weight‐loss strategy for individuals with diabetes.
Effects of milk and milk products on rectal mucosal cell proliferation in humans$$$ Intake of dairy products and major dairy constituents (e.g., calcium) has been proposed to reduce the risk of colorectal cancer, although epidemiological studies have yielded inconclusive results. We conducted a randomized cross‐over trial to test the effects of high‐ and low‐dairy consumption diets on rectal mucosal proliferation, a possible intermediary marker for large bowel cancer. From a gastroenterology clinic at an academic medical center, we recruited 40 patients, ages 25‐79 years, who had either a history of a large bowel adenoma or a first‐degree relative with large bowel cancer. Participants completed a baseline questionnaire covering demographic characteristics, health history, and habits and a food frequency questionnaire. They were randomized to a 12‐week diet of either high dairy intake (six dairy servings/day) or low dairy intake (<0.5 serving of dairy products/day), with an intervening 12‐week washout period in which they were asked to resume their usual diet before crossing over to the alternate study diet for the last 12‐week period of the study. Adherence to the study diets was monitored by a daily dairy intake checklist and periodic, unscheduled 24‐h dietary recalls. Biopsies of the rectal mucosa were obtained at the beginning and end of each intervention phase. Two assays of rectal mucosal cell proliferation were performed: immunohistochemical determination of proliferating cell nuclear antigen and whole crypt mitotic count. We found no statistically significant changes in either of these proliferation measures as a result of high or low dairy intake. There was no correlation between the labeling index for proliferating cell nuclear antigen and whole crypt mitotic count$$$ however, measures of the location and intensity of cell proliferation within the rectal crypt were highly correlated between the two assays. Thus, our study indicates that greater consumption of dairy products over a 12‐week period does not change rectal mucosal cell proliferation.
The potential role of probiotics or/and prebiotic on serum lipid profile and insulin resistance in alcoholic fatty liver disease: a double blind randomized clinical trial$$$ Objective: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a chronic disease linked to insulin resistance and fatty acid synthesis. Insulin resistance plays an important role in the pathogenesis of NAFLD causing multiple lipid metabolism disorders. Supplementing probiotics and prebiotics is a complementary therapy in obesity‐related disorders, including dyslipidemia and insulin resistance. The objective of this study was to evaluate the effect of probiotic and prebiotic supplementation on serum lipid profile and insulin resistance in patients with NAFLD. Materials and Methods: In this study, 84 subjects were divided into 4 groups. The first group received probiotic capsules (B.L and L.A: 2*107 CFU/d) and placebo of prebiotic (maltodextrin powder), the second group received prebiotic as sachet (inulin HP: 10 g/d) and placebo of probiotic (fat‐ and lactose‐free milk capsules), the third group received probiotic and prebiotic, and the fourth group received a placebo of probiotic and prebiotic, for 3 months. Anthropometric characteristics, insulin resistance biomarkers and lipid profile were measured for all patients before and after the intervention. The primary outcome of the study was the Homeostasis model of assessment insulin resistance (HOMA‐IR) level. The remaining variables (i.e., glucose, insulin, TC, TG, HDL, LDL, weight and BMI changes) were considered represent secondary outcomes. Results: Results showed that probiotic consumption was able to decrease BMI and weight in all the intervention groups in comparison to the placebo group. The serum levels of HDL and LDL differed significantly in the probiotic and pro‐ and prebiotic groups in comparison to the placebo group. In addition, there were no statistically significant reduction in TC, glucose, insulin levels and HOMA‐IR in the intervention groups in comparison to the placebo group. Based on the analysis of covariance (ANCOVA) test, there were significant differences in HDL (P = 0.005) and LDL (P = 0.028) serum levels between the groups at the end of the study. Conclusion: Probiotic and prebiotic supplementation may be effective in improving serum lipid profile and insulin resistance markers in patients diagnosed with NAFLD.
Are butter and cheese rich in monounsaturates beneficial in hyperlipidaemic patients?$$$ BACKGROUND: Reduction in intake of dairy products has long been recommended to reduce blood lipids. The value of monounsaturated fatty acids is increasingly recognized. METHODS: We evaluated the effects of a monounsaturate‐rich butter and cheese (B) produced by modifying the bovine diet on blood lipid levels of patients with type IIa hyperlipidaemia. We compared their effects with those of normal butter and cheese (A) and polyunsaturate‐rich spread and cheese (C). Using a double cross‐over design, we studied 30 patients of mean age 56.4 years (23 men, one woman excluded) over 6‐week periods. RESULTS: Approximately 35.5 g/day butter/cheese were consumed$$$ no changes in serum total cholesterol, triglycerides, low‐density lipoprotein, lipoprotein (a) or cholesterol: high‐density lipoprotein (HDL) ratio were observed. HDL levels were higher in B(1.31 mmol/l) than in C (1.22 mmol/l$$$ P < 0.05) and similar to those in A (1.28 mmol/l). HDL2 levels were higher in patients fed diet A(0.23 mmol/l) than they were in those fed diet C (0.19 mmol/l$$$ P < 0.05) and similar to those in patients fed diet B (0.20 mmol/l). Serum HDL3 was significantly higher in patients fed diet B (1.11 mmol/l) than in those fed diet C (1.03 mmol/l$$$ P < 0.05) but similar to that in patients fed diet A (1.06 mmol/l). CONCLUSIONS: Moderate intake of modified dairy products may be of value and deserves further evaluation.
Are butter and cheese rich in monounsaturates beneficial in hyperlipidaemic patients?$$$ BACKGROUND: Reduction in intake of dairy products has long been recommended to reduce blood lipids. The value of monounsaturated fatty acids is increasingly recognized. METHODS: We evaluated the effects of a monounsaturate‐rich butter and cheese (B) produced by modifying the bovine diet on blood lipid levels of patients with type IIa hyperlipidaemia. We compared their effects with those of normal butter and cheese (A) and polyunsaturate‐rich spread and cheese (C). Using a double cross‐over design, we studied 30 patients of mean age 56.4 years (23 men, one woman excluded) over 6‐week periods. RESULTS: Approximately 35.5 g/day butter/cheese were consumed$$$ no changes in serum total cholesterol, triglycerides, low‐density lipoprotein, lipoprotein (a) or cholesterol: high‐density lipoprotein (HDL) ratio were observed. HDL levels were higher in B(1.31 mmol/l) than in C (1.22 mmol/l$$$ P < 0.05) and similar to those in A (1.28 mmol/l). HDL2 levels were higher in patients fed diet A(0.23 mmol/l) than they were in those fed diet C (0.19 mmol/l$$$ P < 0.05) and similar to those in patients fed diet B (0.20 mmol/l). Serum HDL3 was significantly higher in patients fed diet B (1.11 mmol/l) than in those fed diet C (1.03 mmol/l$$$ P < 0.05) but similar to that in patients fed diet A (1.06 mmol/l). CONCLUSIONS: Moderate intake of modified dairy products may be of value and deserves further evaluation.
The effect of almond consumption on postprandial metabolic response in high-risk pregnant women$$$ The prevalence of metabolic disorders during pregnancy has increased concurrently with the rise in maternal obesity. Obese pregnant women are more prone to chronic metabolic diseases, such as diabetes and cardiovascular disease, following pregnancy. Also, their babies are at greater risk for obesity and metabolic disorders later in life. Almonds provide a healthy source of dietary fat and carbohydrates. A number of clinical trials have also shown that almonds reduce oxidative stress and inflammation, and they promote vascular health and glycemic control. A cross‐over, randomized control trial examining the metabolic response to 2 oz of almond consumption versus dairy fat consumption in two standardized, isocaloric, equal macronutrient composition test meals was done in 18 overweight/obese (pre‐pregnancy BMI = 25‐40) women during 30‐36 weeks of gestation. Circulating concentrations of glucose, triglycerides, insulin, glucagon, and GLP‐1 were measured in the fasting state and during a 5‐hour postprandial period. Hormones involved in appetite, glucose and lipid metabolism (leptin, ghrelin, and c‐peptide) were also measured. Replacing cream cheese with almonds in an isocaloric, equivalent fat and carbohydrate meal had a minimal effect on postprandial lipids, glucose, and hormones. This suggests that the positive metabolic effects of almonds in previous feeding studies were likely related to shifts in the energy and macronutrient content of the overall diet in association with consuming almonds as a fiber‐rich, fat source.
The effects of yogurt with isomer enriched conjugated linoleic acid on insulin resistance in obese adolescents$$$ Increase in the incidence of obesity is one of the most relevant health care problems in the developing countries. Insulin resistance plays a key role in obesity associated metabolic disorders. There are few interventions that make it possible to effectively reduce body weight and metabolic disorders that occur as a consequence of it. Objectives: This present study aimed to determine if the administration of a mixture of conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) isomers reduces body weight and improves insulin resistance in obese adolescents. Experimental design. A double blind, case‐controlled, study was conducted in which 39 obese adolescent patients were studied. Daily, they were randomly administered 200 g of liquid yogurt supplemented with 3 g of CLA, or placebo, for 16 weeks. Weight, height, body mass index (BMI), total cholesterol in plasma and in HDL, insulin, glucose, adiponectin and insulin resistance index (HOMA) were measured before the onset of intake, at completion, and after a period without supplementation. Results: No significant differences were observed in weight, height, BMI, total cholesterol and in HDL and adiponectin between the group supplemented with CLA and the placebo group at the onset of the study, during and after the treatment. After 16 weeks of supplementation with CLA, the plasma glucose levels and insulin resistance index (HOMA) were reduced compared with the placebo group (p < 0.05). Conclusion. In obese adolescents, administration of CLA decreases the insulin resistance index, independently of weight changes and BMI changes.
Effect of Camel Milk on Blood Sugar and Lipid Profile of Patients With Type 2 Diabetes: a Pilot Clinical Trial$$$ Background: It has been shown that camel milk consumption has a definite decreasing effect on the prevalence of diabetes. However, most of these studies were conducted on patients with type 1 diabetes, whereas studies on patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) are limited. In vitro experiments have shown that camel milk was able to decrease blood glucose concentration. Objectives: The purpose of this study was to investigate effects of camel and cow milk on blood sugar, lipid profile, and blood pressure of patients with T2DM. Patients and Methods: In a randomized single‐blinded controlled clinical trial, 20 patients with T2DM were randomly allocated into two groups. Participants consumed 500 mL of either camel milk (intervention group) or cow milk (control group) daily for two months. Results: Mean of insulin concentration was significantly increased from 64.59 to 84.03 pmol/L in the camel milk group during the study (P < 0.05). No significant differences were shown in fasting blood sugar, lipid profile, and blood pressure between the two groups at the end of study. There was significant increase in homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA‐IR) during the study in both groups, but no significant difference was seen between the two groups. Conclusions: Camel milk increased insulin level in patients with T2DM and might contribute to glycemic control in T2DM.
The effect of the carotenoid-producing Bacillus strain PD01 on cardiovascular health and microbial environment$$$ INTERVENTION: Phase 1:Participants will receive one daily dose of PD01 for a period of 14 days. The study product will be supplied in a sachet and this has to be dissolved in a glass of 150 mL whole milk before ingestion. Phase 2: Participants will be randomly assigned to one of the intervention groups. One group will receive one daily dose of PD01 while the other group receives identical looking placebo for a period of 6 weeks. The study product will be supplied in a sachet and this has to be dissolved in a glass of 150 mL whole milk before ingestion. CONDITION: Risicofactoren voor cardiovasculaire ziekten$$$ systemische laaggradige inflammatie$$$ verstoringen intestinale barrierefunctie $$$ obesity $$$ overweight PRIMARY OUTCOME: Phase 1: The primary objective is safety, measured by blood parameters and $$$ questionnaires. $$$ Phase 2: The primary efficacy parameter of the study is lipid peroxidation, as $$$ assessed by urinary concentration of F2‐isoprostanes. $$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: Phase 2: $$$ Secondary endpoints entail the evaluation of effects of daily administration of $$$ PD01 on lipid peroxidation (blood measurements), low‐grade inflammation (blood $$$ and fecal measurements), platelet aggregation (blood measurements), glucose / $$$ insulin metabolism (blood measurements), lipid profile (blood measurements), $$$ blood pressure & heart rate, body composition, microbiota composition and $$$ functioning (fecal measurements), gut barrier function (blood and fecal $$$ measurements, urine collection), bioavailability (blood measurements) and $$$ tolerance and digestive (dys)comfort. $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: Phase 1: healthy individuals (men/women), BMI 18.5‐35 kg/m2, age 18‐65 Phase 2: Men/women, BMI 25‐35 kg/m2, healthy human beings, age between 18 and 71 years, fasting glucose <7.0 mmol/L, Hba1c between 4.4‐6.2%
The Degree of Aminoacidemia after Dairy Protein Ingestion Does Not Modulate the Postexercise Anabolic Response in Young Men: a Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Resistance exercise and dietary protein stimulate muscle protein synthesis (MPS). The rate at which proteins are digested and absorbed into circulation alters peak plasma amino acid concentrations and may modulate postexercise MPS. A novel mineral modified milk protein concentrate (mMPC), with identical amino acid composition to standard milk protein concentrate (MPC), was formulated to induce rapid aminoacidemia. OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to determine whether rapid aminoacidemia and greater peak essential amino acid (EAA) concentrations induced by mMPC would stimulate greater postresistance exercise MPS, anabolic signaling, and ribosome biogenesis compared to standard dairy proteins, which induce a small but sustained plasma essential aminoacidemia. METHODS: Thirty healthy young men (22.5 ± 3.0 y$$$ BMI 23.8 ± 2.7 kg/m2) received primed constant infusions of l‐[ring‐13C6]‐phenylalanine and completed 3 sets of leg presses and leg extensions at 80% of 1 repetition. Afterwards, participants were randomly assigned in a double‐blind fashion to consume 25 g mMPC, MPC, or calcium caseinate (CAS). Vastus lateralis biopsies were collected at rest, and 2 and 4 h post exercise. RESULTS: Plasma EAA concentrations, including leucine, were 19.2‐26.6% greater in the mMPC group 45‐90 min post ingestion than in MPC and CAS groups (P < 0.001). Myofibrillar fractional synthetic rate from baseline to 4 h was increased by 82.6 ± 64.8%, 137.8 ± 72.1%, and 140.6 ± 52.4% in the MPC, mMPC, and CAS groups, respectively, with no difference between groups (P = 0.548). Phosphorylation of anabolic signaling targets (P70S6KThr389, P70S6KThr421/Ser424, RPS6Ser235/236, RPS6Ser240/244, P90RSKSer380, 4EBP1) were elevated by <3‐fold at both 2 and 4 h post exercise in all groups (P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: The amplitude of plasma leucine and EAA concentrations does not modulate the anabolic response to resistance exercise after ingestion of 25 g dairy protein in young men. This trial was registered at http://www.anzctr.org.au/ as ACTRN12617000393358.
n-3 LC-PUFA-enriched dairy products are able to reduce cardiovascular risk factors: a double-blind, cross-over study$$$ BACKGROUND: & AIMS: The effects of n‐3 LC‐PUFA‐supplemented dairy products on cardiovascular risk factors in mildly hypertriacylglycerolemic patients (TAG: ≥1.5 mmol/L) were determined. METHODS: Fifty‐one patients (25 f, 26 m) were included in the double‐blind, placebo‐controlled cross‐over study and were randomly divided into two groups. Both groups received intervention (3g n‐3 LC‐PUFA/d) and control dairy products consecutively for fifteen weeks with a ten‐week wash‐out phase between the two treatments. Blood samples and 24‐h urine were obtained at the beginning and at the end of each period. The blood lipids were determined by enzymatic methods and using the autoanalyser Synchron LX systems (Beckman Coulter). 7,8‐Dihydro‐8‐oxo‐2'‐deoxyguanosine and fatty acids were analysed with HPLC and GC. RESULTS: Generally, the consumption of the intervention products resulted in a significant improvement of cardiovascular risk factors, e.g., n‐3 FA index, AA/EPA ratio, total cholesterol, and TAG. The TAG and LDL/HDL ratio were lower at the end of the intervention period in comparison with the control period, whereas HDL cholesterol was higher at the end of the intervention period. Further, n‐3 LC‐PUFA‐enriched products did not cause additional oxidative DNA damage as shown by the 7,8‐dihydro‐8‐oxo‐2'‐deoxyguanosine excretion. CONCLUSIONS: The consumption of n‐3 LC‐PUFA‐supplemented dairy products decreases cardiovascular risk factors.
Estimating prandial insulin dose for single foods using the food insulin index improves post-prandial glycemic control in type 1 diabetes: a randomized controlled trial$$$ Objective: The Food Insulin Index (FII) is a novel algorithm for ranking foods based on their insulin demand relative to an isoenergetic reference food, in healthy subjects. This study aims to compare carbohydrate counting versus the FII algorithm for estimating insulin dosage on postprandial glycaemia in adults with type I diabetes consuming six different single foods. Research Design and Methods: 11 adults with type 1 diabetes using insulin pump therapy were recruited for this triple‐blinded, randomized, withinsubject crossover controlled trial. On 12 separate test session, subjects consumed one of six single foods (steak, battered fish, poached eggs, low fat yoghurt, baked beans and salted peanuts) and were administered with the insulin dose determined by either the FII algorithm or carbohydrate counting. Postprandial glycemia was measured through capillary glucose samples at regular intervals over 3 hours. Results: Compared with carbohydrate counting, the FII algorithm signifi‐ cantly reduced mean blood glucose level (5.7 +/‐ 0.2 mmol/L vs. 6.5 +/‐ 0.2 mmol/L, p = 0.003), produced a smaller mean change in blood glucose level (‐0.7 +/‐ 0.2 mmol/L vs. 0.1 +/‐ 0.2 mmol/L, P = 0.001) and a smaller peak change in blood glucose excursion (1.3 +/‐ 0.2 mmol/L vs 1.8 +/‐ 0.3 mmol/L, P = 0.835), without significantly increasing the risk in hypoglycemia (48% vs 33%, p = 0.155). Conclusions: The novel FII algorithm may be a useful tool for predicting prandial insulin dose in adults with type 1 diabetes, resulting in reduced postprandial hyperglycemia without significantly increasing the risk of hypoglycemia.
The effect of a plant-based low-carbohydrate ("Eco-Atkins") diet on body weight and blood lipid concentrations in hyperlipidemic subjects$$$ BACKGROUND: Low‐carbohydrate, high‐animal protein diets, which are advocated for weight loss, may not promote the desired reduction in low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL‐C) concentration. The effect of exchanging the animal proteins and fats for those of vegetable origin has not been tested. Our objective was to determine the effect on weight loss and LDL‐C concentration of a low‐carbohydrate diet high in vegetable proteins from gluten, soy, nuts, fruits, vegetables, cereals, and vegetable oils compared with a high‐carbohydrate diet based on low‐fat dairy and whole grain products. METHODS: A total of 47 overweight hyperlipidemic men and women consumed either (1) a low‐carbohydrate (26% of total calories), high‐vegetable protein (31% from gluten, soy, nuts, fruit, vegetables, and cereals), and vegetable oil (43%) plant‐based diet or (2) a high‐carbohydrate lacto‐ovo vegetarian diet (58% carbohydrate, 16% protein, and 25% fat) for 4 weeks each in a parallel study design. The study food was provided at 60% of calorie requirements. RESULTS: Of the 47 subjects, 44 (94%) (test, n = 22 [92%]$$$ control, n = 22 [96%]) completed the study. Weight loss was similar for both diets (approximately 4.0 kg). However, reductions in LDL‐C concentration and total cholesterol‐HDL‐C and apolipoprotein B‐apolipoprotein AI ratios were greater for the low‐carbohydrate compared with the high‐carbohydrate diet (‐8.1% [P = .002], ‐8.7% [P = .004], and ‐9.6% [P = .001], respectively). Reductions in systolic and diastolic blood pressure were also seen (‐1.9% [P = .052] and ‐2.4% [P = .02], respectively). CONCLUSION: A low‐carbohydrate plant‐based diet has lipid‐lowering advantages over a high‐carbohydrate, low‐fat weight‐loss diet in improving heart disease risk factors not seen with conventional low‐fat diets with animal products.
Trans fatty acid blood levels and HFpEF phenotype: from the Aldo-DHF RCT$$$ Background: Prognosis in HFpEF is determined by risk factor control and treatment of comorbidities. Industrially processed TFA (IP‐TFA) from partially hydrogenated oils have been linked to altered lipoprotein metabolism, endothelial dysfunction, increased biomarkers of inflammation and increased NTproBNP. In patients with heart failure with preserved ejection fraction (HFpEF), associations of TFA blood levels with patient characteristics are unknown. Purpose: To evaluate associations of blood TFA with cardiovascular risk factors, aerobic capacity and cardiac function in patients with HFpEF. Methods: This is a secondary analysis from the Aldo‐DHF‐RCT. From 422 patients, individual blood TFA were analyzed at baseline in n=404 using the HS‐Omega‐3‐Index® methodology. Patient characteristics were$$$ 67±8 years, 53% female, NYHA II/III (87/13%), ejection fraction ≥50%, E/e' 7.1±1.5$$$ median NT‐proBNP 158 ng/L (IQR 82‐298). Multiple linear regression analyses, using sex and age as covariates, were used to describe associations of TFA with metabolic phenotype, functional capacity, echocardiographic markers for left ventricular diastolic function (LVDF), and neurohumoral activation at baseline and after 12‐months‐follow‐up (12mFU). To account for randomization group, all analyses were repeated as sensitivity analysis with group as covariate. A significance level of α=5% was used for all tests. As all tests were hypothesis generating without confirmatory interpretation, no correction was applied to counteract the problem of multiple comparisons. Results: Higher blood levels of the naturally occurring TFA C16:1n‐7t were broadly associated with a more favorable lipid profile, lower body weight/central adiposity, lower white blood cell count and lower biochemical markers of non‐alcoholic fatty liver disease at baseline/12mFU. Conversely, blood levels of the IP‐TFA C18:1n9t were directly associated with lipid risk markers [triglycerides (β=19.7, p<0,001), non‐HDL‐C (β=7.9, p=0,001), and LDL‐C (β=5.4, p=0,011)]. The two IP‐TFA C18:2n6 isomers C18:2n6tt and C18:2n6ct were positively associated with HbA1c [(β=14.6, p=0,003) and (β=4.2, p=0,014) respectively]. The IP‐TFA C18:2n6tt/‐ct isomers were associated with lower submaximal aerobic capacity (distance covered in the 6MWT) at baseline/12mFU. No significant association was found between TFA blood levels and left ventricular filling pressures, left ventricular relaxation or neurohumoral activation. Significant effects of group allocation (spironolactone +/‐) were found for the 12mFU outcomes systolic/ diastolic blood pressure (all p<0.001), heart rate, E/e' and HbA1c. Conclusions: In HFpEF patients, higher blood levels of industrially processed TFA, but not of the TFA C16:1n‐7t in full fat dairy and meat, were associated with a higher risk phenotype and lower aerobic capacity. Our findings support efforts to remove IP‐TFA from the food supply for improving risk factor control in HFpEF patients.
The lipid-lowering effects of 4 weeks of daily soymilk or dairy milk ingestion in a postmenopausal female population$$$ Alterations in plasma cholesterol concentrations, especially increases in low‐density lipoprotein (LDL), are well‐known risk factors in the development of atherosclerosis. Numerous studies have examined the lipid‐lowering effects of functional soy‐containing foods, but few have specifically examined soymilk, with equivocal findings reported. In September 2008, a single‐blind, randomized, controlled trial was conducted on 32 postmenopausal women at Baylor University, Waco, TX, USA. After a 2‐week run‐in period, subjects were randomly assigned to consume three servings of vanilla soy (n = 16) or reduced‐fat dairy (n = 16) milk per day for 4 weeks. Plasma lipid profiles were obtained pre‐ and post‐supplementation. Plasma high‐density lipoprotein, LDL, and triglycerides were not significantly different between groups post‐intervention (P = .45) or from baseline (P = .83). Separate analysis of plasma total cholesterol levels yielded similar results (P = .19 and P = .92, respectively). Furthermore, subanalyses controlling for dyslipidemia (n = 23) and lipid‐lowering medication usage (n = 28) did not significantly alter results. Despite good dietary compliance, our study failed to show a significant hypocholesterolemic effect of soymilk consumption in this postmenopausal female population. Potential reasons for this nonsignificant finding are discussed, and future research directions are presented.
Monosodium glutamate affects mealtime food selection in diabetic patients$$$ Lunch intake was followed in 31 matched pairs of hospitalized diabetic patients over four consecutive days. Pairs of patients were matched for type and duration of diabetes, gender, age and body mass index. Lunches were composed of appetizer, meat, vegetables, starch, cheese, bread and dessert$$$ water, coffee, tea and lemon were available. One patient per pair was randomly ascribed to the experimental group and was served vegetable and starch dishes added with 0.6% monosodium glutamate (MSG). Lunch intake was measured by weighing amounts served and left‐overs. Patients in the experimental group ingested more starch food than their matched controls, and less lemon juice and yogurt. However, the total energy load at lunch was not different between groups. This effect on meal time food selection replicates earlier observations made on elderly persons. It is suggested that manipulating palatability of various foods within a meal, and especially by using MSG, is an efficient way to affect food selection in the meal, without inducing hyperphagia.
Favourable effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension diet on glucose tolerance and lipid profiles in gestational diabetes: a randomised clinical trial$$$ Although gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk of maternal and neonatal morbidity, there is no consensus as to the optimal approach of nutritional management in these patients. The present study was designed to assess the effect of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) eating plan on glucose tolerance and lipid profiles of pregnant women with GDM. The present randomised controlled clinical trial was performed among thirty‐four women diagnosed with GDM at 24‐28 weeks of gestation. Subjects were randomly assigned to consume either the control diet (n 17) or the DASH eating pattern (n 17) for 4 weeks. The control diet was designed to contain 45‐55% carbohydrates, 15‐20% protein and 25‐30% total fat. The macronutrient composition of the DASH diet was similar to the control diet$$$ however, the DASH diet was rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains and low‐fat dairy products, and contained lower amounts of saturated fats, cholesterol and refined grains with a total of 2400 mg Na/d. Fasting blood samples were taken at baseline and after 4 weeks of intervention to measure fasting plasma glucose, glycated Hb (HbA1c) and lipid profiles. Participants underwent a 3 h oral glucose tolerance tests and blood samples were collected at 60, 120 and 180 min to measure plasma glucose levels. Adherence to the DASH eating pattern, compared with the control diet, resulted in improved glucose tolerance such that plasma glucose levels reduced at 60 (21·86 v. 20·45 mmol/l, Pgroup = 0·02), 120 (22·3 v. 0·2 mmol/l, Pgroup = 0·001) and 180 min (21·7 v. 0·22 mmol/l, Pgroup = 0·002) after the glucose load. Decreased HbA1c levels (20·2 v. 0·05 %, Pgroup = 0·001) was also seen in the DASH group compared with the control group. Mean changes for serum total (20·42 v. 0·31 mmol/l, Pgroup = 0·01) and LDL‐cholesterol (20·47 v. 0·22 mmol/l, Pgroup = 0·005), TAG (20·17 v. 0·34 mmol/l, Pgroup = 0·01) and total:HDL‐cholesterol ratio (20·6 (SD 0·9) v. 0·3 (SD 0·8), Pgroup = 0·008) were significantly different between the two diets. Additionally, consumption of the DASH diet favourably influenced systolic blood pressure (22·6 v. 1·7 mmHg, Pgroup = 0·001). Mean changes of fasting plasma glucose (20·29 v. 0·15 mmol/l, Pgroup = 0·09) were nonsignificant comparing the DASH diet with the control diet. In conclusion, consumption of the DASH eating pattern for 4 weeks among pregnant women with GDM resulted in beneficial effects on glucose tolerance and lipid profiles compared with the control diet.
A double-blind placebo-controlled trial of EMLA cream for the relief of pain associated with laser vapourisation for cervical pre-malignant conditions$$$ This study was designed to assess the analgesic efficacy of EMLA, a local anaesthetic cream consisting of a mixture of 2.5 per cent lignocaine and 2.5 per cent prilocaine. EMLA and placebo cream were compared in a double‐blind, random allocation study of 70 women receiving laser treatment to the cervix for cervical intra‐epithelial neoplasia, with application 10 minutes before treatment. The pain experienced by the patients was assessed immediately after the laser treatment with McGill's pain questionnaire and with a visual analogue scale. The study revealed that the most intense pain experienced by those receiving EMLA was less (P < 0.05) than in the placebo group, but no difference in analgesic effect was demonstrated using a visual analogue scale.
Very-low dose pre-meal whey protein microgels reduce postprandial glucose in type 2 diabetes: a randomised, placebo-controlled crossover study$$$ Background and aims: Whey protein (WP) is found in dairy products, and are rich in branched chain amino acids and bioactive peptides that stimulate secretion of incretin peptides and insulin. Its applicability in routine nutraceutical clinical use has however been limited by 1) requiring a relatively high dose with a high caloric content, and 2) the need to take it well in advance of a meal. New technologies allowing for a more rapid absorption could enable use of a lower WP‐dose, as well as allow to take the WP closer to the meal. Materials and methods: In this single‐intervention crossover study in individuals with drug‐naïve or metformin‐treated type 2 diabetes, we studied the effects of 10g WP (40 kcal) prepared with novel technology to enhance absorption (micelle‐technology [WPM]), or placebo (0 kcal), provided as a 125 mL shot 15 min ahead of a 250 g pizza meal (622 kcal [29.0 g protein, 22.6 g fat, 72.6 g carbohydrates]). Postprandial (PP) glucose response over 4 hours, and incretin response (intact glucagon‐like peptide [GLP]‐1, peptide‐YY [PYY], glucose‐dependent insulinotropic polypeptide [GIP]) over 2 hours were assessed in blood, and the difference between WPM and placebo were assessed by comparing incremental areas under the curve (iAUC) between the two interventions. Results: In total 26 individuals (14 females, mean [standard deviation] age 62.0 [8.3] years, baseline HbA1c 58 [12] mmol/mol /7.5% [1.1], eGFR 96.6 [25.7] ml/min/1.73m 2, BMI 29.2 [4.8] kg/m 2 ) completed both sequences. The pre‐meal WPM shot significantly altered the early PP glucose trajectory, reducing the 2h iAUC by 22% (mean [95% CI] difference iAUC ‐30min‐120min WPM vs placebo ‐29.43 [‐55.45, ‐3.40] mg/dLxh, p=0.0283). The iAUC ‐30min‐180min was similar (‐31.58 [‐68.43, 5.26], p=0.0896). A 66% increase in GLP‐1 iAUC ‐30min‐120min was observed (4.80 [2.19, 7.40] pmol/Lxh, p=0.0009), while responses for both PYY and GIP were similar between WPM and placebo (respectively, 5.21 [‐1.14, 11.56] pmol/Lxh, p=0.1035, and 8.52 [‐15.27, 32.31] pmol/Lxh, p=0.4668). Conclusion: In sum, 10g WPM significantly reduces the early glycaemic response and significantly augments the GLP‐1 response to a mixed meal in subjects with type 2 diabetes. These results support its use as a convenient pre‐meal shot to improve PP metabolic profile.
Effects of a phytosterol-enriched dairy product on lipids, sterols and 8-isoprostane in hypercholesterolemic patients: a multicenter Italian study$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Plant sterols, added to several food sources, lower serum cholesterol concentrations. Plant sterol‐induced cholesterol lowering is paralleled by a mild decrease in plasma levels of the antioxidant beta‐carotene, the amount of this decrease being considered clinically non‐significant. Whether the effect on lipid profile of daily consumption of plant sterol‐enriched low‐fat fermented milk (FM) is paralleled by a concomitant variation in a reliable marker of the oxidative burden like plasma isoprostane levels is unresolved. METHODS AND RESULTS: The effect of plant sterol consumption on plasma lipid and isoprostane levels of hypercholesterolemic patients was evaluated in a multicenter, randomized double blind study. Hypercholesterolemic patients consumed a FM daily for 6 weeks. Subjects were randomized to receive either 1.6g of plant sterol‐enriched FM (n=60) or control FM product (n=56). After 6 weeks of plant sterol‐enriched FM consumption, LDL cholesterol was reduced from 166.2+/‐2.0 to 147.4+/‐2.8 mg/dL (p=0.01). A significant reduction was observed for total cholesterol (from 263.5+/‐2.6 to 231.0+/‐3.2mg/dL, p=0.01). There was greater LDL cholesterol lowering among hypercholesterolemic patients with higher LDL cholesterol at baseline. We found a reduction of plasma 8‐isoprostane in patients taking plant sterol‐enriched FM (from 43.07+/‐1.78 to 38.04+/‐1.14 pg/ml, p=0.018) but not in patients taking the control product (from 42.56+/‐2.12 to 43.19+/‐2.0 pg/ml, p=NS). Campesterol and beta‐sitosterol levels were not influenced by phytosterol consumption. CONCLUSIONS: Daily consumption of low‐fat plant sterol dairy product favourably changes lipid profile by reducing LDL‐cholesterol, and may also have an anti‐oxidative effect through a reduction of plasma isoprostanes.
Strategic Ingestion of High-Protein Dairy Milk during a Resistance Training Program Increases Lean Mass, Strength, and Power in Trained Young Males$$$ Background: We evaluated the effects of high‐protein dairy milk ingestion on changes in body composition, strength, power, and skeletal muscle regulatory markers following 6 weeks of resistance training in trained young males. Methods: Thirty resistance‐trained young males (age: 27 ± 3 years$$$ training experience: 15 ± 2 months) were randomly assigned to one of two groups: high‐protein dairy milk (both whey and casein) + resistance training (MR$$$ n = 15) or isoenergetic carbohydrate (maltodextrin 9%) + resistance training (PR$$$ n = 15). Milk and placebo were ingested immediately post‐exercise (250 mL$$$ 30 g protein) and 30 min before sleep (250 mL$$$ 30 g protein). Before and after 6 weeks of linear periodized resistance training (4 times/week), body composition (bioelectrical impedance), strength, power, and serum levels of skeletal muscle regulatory markers (insulin‐like growth factor 1 (IGF‐1), growth hormone, testosterone, cortisol, follistatin, myostatin, and follistatin–myostatin ratio) were assessed. Results: The MR group experienced a significantly higher (p < 0.05) increase in lean mass, strength, and power (upper‐ and lower‐body) than the PR group. Further, IGF‐1, growth hormone, testosterone, follistatin, and follistatin–myostatin ratio were significantly increased, while cortisol and myostatin significantly decreased in the MR group than the PR group (p < 0.05). Conclusions: The strategic ingestion of high‐protein dairy milk (post‐exercise and pre‐sleep) during 6 weeks of resistance training augmented lean mass, strength, power, and altered serum concentrations of skeletal muscle regulatory markers in trained young males compared to placebo.
Changes in body composition with yogurt consumption during resistance training in women$$$ INTRODUCTION: Resistance training is an effective method to decrease body fat (BF) and increase fat‐free mass (FFM) and fat oxidation (FO). Dairy foods containing calcium and vitamin D might enhance these benefits. This study investigated the combined effects of habitual yogurt consumption and resistance training on body composition and metabolism. METHODS: Untrained women (N = 35) participated in an 8‐wk resistance‐training program. The yogurt group (Y) consumed 3 servings of yogurt containing vitamin D per day, and the control groups maintained their baseline low‐dairy‐calcium diet. Postexercise, Y consumed 1 of the 3 servings/d fat‐free yogurt, the protein group consumed an isocaloric product without calcium or vitamin D, and the carbohydrate group consumed an isocaloric product without protein. Strength, body composition, fasted resting metabolic rate (RMR) and FO, and serum 25‐hydroxyvitamin D were measured before and after training. RESULTS: Calories (kcal x kg‐1 x d‐1) and protein (g x kg‐1 x d‐1) significantly increased from baseline for Y. FFM increased (main effect p = .002) and %BF decreased (main effect .02) for all groups with training, but Group x Time interactions were not observed. RMR and FO did not change with training for any group. CONCLUSION: Habitual consumption of yogurt during resistance training did not augment changes in body composition compared with a low‐dairy diet. Y decreased %BF as a result of training, however, even with increased calorie consumption.
Daily intake of yogurt drink fortified either with vitamin D alone or in combination with added calcium causes a thyroid-independent increase of resting metabolic rate in adults with type 2 diabetes: a randomized, double-blind, clinical trial$$$ We investigated the effect of daily intake of yogurt drink fortified with either vitamin D alone or with added calcium on resting metabolic rate (RMR), thyroid hormones and homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance in subjects with type 2 diabetes (T2D). A total of 75 adult subjects with T2D were randomly assigned to 1 of the 3 groups to receive either D‐fortified yogurt drink (DY$$$ 1000 IU vitamin D/day), Ca‐D‐fortified yogurt drink (CDY$$$ 1000 IU vitamin D plus 500 mg calcium), or plain yogurt drink for 12 weeks. All assessments were done at the baseline and after the intervention. The concentrations of anti‐thyroid peroxidase antibody (anti‐TPO‐Ab), intact parathyroid hormone (iPTH) and thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) had declined significantly compared with baseline values only in the CDY group. The mean RMR increased in both DY and CDY groups (p < 0.001 for both). Also, changes of serum concentrations of 25‐hydroxycalciferol (B = 2.96, 95% confidence interval (CI) = 1.3 to 4.6, p = 0.001) and iPTH (B = ‐2.41, 95% CI = ‐4.5 to ‐0.31, p = 0.025) remained significant predictors of RMR changes even after adjustment for changes of serum concentrations of TSH (B = ‐18.2, 95% CI = ‐61.7 to 25.2, p = 0.406). Daily intake of vitamin D together with calcium at physiological doses has attenuating effect on anti‐TPO‐Ab and TSH. Also, vitamin D with or without added calcium causes a significant thyroid‐independent increase in RMR in euthyroid subjects with T2D. Registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01229891. Novelty: Daily intake of vitamin D with calcium at physiological doses has attenuating effect on anti‐TPO‐Ab and TSH. Vitamin D with or without added calcium causes a thyroid‐independent increase in RMR in euthyroid subjects with T2D.
Isocaloric Diets High in Animal or Plant Protein Reduce Liver Fat and Inflammation in Individuals With Type 2 Diabetes$$$ BACKGROUND & AIMS: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is associated with increased risk of hepatic, cardiovascular, and metabolic diseases. High‐protein diets, rich in methionine and branched chain amino acids (BCAAs), apparently reduce liver fat, but can induce insulin resistance. We investigated the effects of diets high in animal protein (AP) vs plant protein (PP), which differ in levels of methionine and BCAAs, in patients with type 2 diabetes and NAFLD. We examined levels of liver fat, lipogenic indices, markers of inflammation, serum levels of fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21), and activation of signaling pathways in adipose tissue. METHODS: We performed a prospective study of individuals with type 2 diabetes and NAFLD at a tertiary medical center in Germany from June 2013 through March 2015. We analyzed data from 37 subjects placed on a diet high in AP (rich in meat and dairy foods$$$ n = 18) or PP (mainly legume protein$$$ n = 19) without calorie restriction for 6 weeks. The diets were isocaloric with the same macronutrient composition (30% protein, 40% carbohydrates, and 30% fat). Participants were examined at the start of the study and after the 6‐week diet period for body mass index, body composition, hip circumference, resting energy expenditure, and respiratory quotient. Body fat and intrahepatic fat were detected by magnetic resonance imaging and spectroscopy, respectively. Levels of glucose, insulin, liver enzymes, and inflammation markers, as well as individual free fatty acids and free amino acids, were measured in collected blood samples. Hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamps were performed to determine whole‐body insulin sensitivity. Subcutaneous adipose tissue samples were collected and analyzed for gene expression patterns and phosphorylation of signaling proteins. RESULTS: Postprandial levels of BCAAs and methionine were significantly higher in subjects on the AP vs the PP diet. The AP and PP diets each reduced liver fat by 36%‐48% within 6 weeks (for AP diet P = .0002$$$ for PP diet P = .001). These reductions were unrelated to change in body weight, but correlated with down‐regulation of lipolysis and lipogenic indices. Serum level of FGF21 decreased by 50% in each group (for AP diet P < .0002$$$ for PP diet P < .0002)$$$ decrease in FGF21 correlated with loss of hepatic fat. In gene expression analyses of adipose tissue, expression of the FGF21 receptor cofactor β‐klotho was associated with reduced expression of genes encoding lipolytic and lipogenic proteins. In patients on each diet, levels of hepatic enzymes and markers of inflammation decreased, insulin sensitivity increased, and serum level of keratin 18 decreased. CONCLUSIONS: In a prospective study of patients with type 2 diabetes, we found diets high in protein (either animal or plant) significantly reduced liver fat independently of body weight, and reduced markers of insulin resistance and hepatic necroinflammation. The diets appear to mediate these changes via lipolytic and lipogenic pathways in adipose tissue. Negative effects of BCAA or methionine were not detectable. FGF21 level appears to be a marker of metabolic improvement. ClinicalTrials.gov ID NCT02402985.
Modulation of plasma triglycerides concentration by sterol-based treatment in subjects carrying specific genes$$$ Introduction: Genetic load may indirectly influence on cardiovascular risk. This work aimed to analyze the influence of polymorphisms (APOA5 C56G‐Ser19Trp, Prothrombin‐G20210A, F5 Arg506Gln, MTHFR‐C677T, LIPC‐C‐514T, LPA‐I4300M, PPAR_ALPHA‐L162V, APOA5‐1131T > C, APOE‐APOE2/3/4, and APOE‐APOE2,3,4) in plasma triglyceride (TG) levels of patients ingesting plant sterols. Materials and Methods: Double‐blind, crossover, controlled clinical trial was performed in 45 individuals (25 women). About 2.24 g sterols in milk and placebo milk were ingested daily during 3 weeks each, separated by a 2‐week washout period. Blood draws and saliva genomic DNA was extracted. Results: APOA5‐C56G‐Ser19Trp, MTHFR‐C677T, and PPAR_ALPHA‐L162V greatly benefit from sterols intake. APOA5‐C56G‐Ser19Trp GG homozygous carriers lowered their TGs more than CG heterozygote carriers (P = 0.003). TT homozygous carriers of gene LIPC C‐514T experienced an increase of TGs. Conclusions: Further studies are needed to establish which genotype combinations is the most protective against hypertriglyceridemia.
The impact of the speed of food intake on gastroesophageal reflux events in obese female patients$$$ Obesity increases the risk of gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD). The majority of the reflux attacks occur postprandially. The influence of the speed of food intake on gastroesophageal reflux events is unclear in obese patients. To determine the influence of the speed of food intake on intraesophageal reflux events in obese patients with and without GERD. A total of 26 obese female patients were recruited. The patients underwent esophageal manometry to evaluate the upper limit of the lower esophageal sphincter and subsequently placement of a Multichannel intraluminal impedance‐pH (MII‐pH) catheter. All patients were asked to eat the same standard meal (double cheeseburger, 1 banana, 100 g yogurt and 200 mL water$$$ total energy value, 744 kcal$$$ 37.6% carbohydrates, 21.2% proteins and 41.2% lipids) within 5 or 30 minutes under observation in a random order on two consecutive days. All reflux episodes over a 3‐hour postprandial period were manually analyzed and compared. The mean age was 46 ± 12 (18‐66) years. The mean body mass index (BMI) was 39.9 ± 8.4 kg/m2. There was no difference between the fast‐ and slow‐eating group in the number of refluxes within the 3‐postprandial hours. The patients were divided into 2 groups according to the 24‐hour MII‐pH monitoring results, that is, 16 subjects with normal MII‐pH monitoring and 10 patients with pathologic MII‐pH monitoring. There was no effect of the speed of food intake in either the patients with or without GERD. In contrast to the general belief, this study suggested that the speed of food intake does not influence the number of refluxes in obese female patients with or without GERD.
Naughty but nice: a laboratory study of health information and food preferences in a community sample$$$ The influence of information about the fat content of food and cardiovascular disease (CVD) prevention on taste ratings and food intake in a test meal was examined. Forty Ss were allocated at random to CVD information or control conditions. Ss rated 2 brands of yogurt and 2 cheese sandwiches, with 1 flavor of each food labeled full‐fat and the other low‐fat. In fact, fat levels were identical, and the label‐flavor pairings were counterbalanced. Overall, Ss gave lower liking ratings to the low‐fat labeled foods. However, Ss in the information condition tended to eat a smaller proportion of the full‐fat sandwiches. The results supported the utility of a laboratory setting for evaluating the influence of health‐relevant information on responses to food.
Two untargeted metabolomics reveals yogurt-associated metabolic alterations in women with multiple metabolic disorders from a randomized controlled study$$$ The beneficial role of yogurt on metabolic profile has been widely reported. Yet, few studies have intended to describe the integrated metabolic alterations in response to yogurt. Yogurt and milk (220 g/d) were given to 48 and 44 obese women with metabolic syndrome and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease for 24 weeks in a randomized controlled trial (registered at http://www.chictr.org.cn as ChiCTR‐IPR‐15006801). Fasting serum samples were collected before and after intervention for global, untargeted metabolomics based on 1H nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) and ultra‐high‐performance liquid chromatography coupled with electrospray ionization time‐of‐flight mass spectrometry (UPLC‐Q‐TOF‐MS) (in positive and negative ion modes). Multivariable statistical analysis and pathway analysis were conducted. In both 1H NMR and UPLC‐Q‐TOF‐MS metabolomics, no clustering was observed between the two groups at baseline. While, a clear clustering was shown after intervention, and the yogurt group had significantly different metabolic status from the milk. The metabolites that contributed mostly to class separation were identified, and involved into pathway analysis. Pathways on amino acids metabolism, fatty acid oxidation, cholesterol catabolism and choline metabolism significantly changed after yogurt intervention. The study revealed the integrated metabolic alterations in response to yogurt via two metabolomics approaches, suggesting the potential mechanisms of yogurt against metabolic disorders. Trial registration: Chinese Clinical Trial Registry, ChiCTR‐IPR‐15006801. Registered 20 July 2015, http://www.chictr.org.cn/ ChiCTR‐IPR‐15006801. Significance: Both review from prospective studies and our randomized clinical trial showed the protective role of yogurt against multiple metabolic disorders. However, they were focus on targeted glucose, lipid, and other metabolic indicators, which were only part of human metabolism, failing to show an integrated metabolic feature on yogurt. Therefore, two global, untargeted metabolomics were applied in our current randomized clinical trial, trying to uncover the significant metabolic alterations characterizing the effects of yogurt on obese women with multiple metabolic disorders, and to explore the potential biological mechanisms of yogurt. The finding will shed light on a more comprehensive picture of how yogurt affects host metabolism, and provide theoretical foundation for dietary prevention of chronic diseases.
The effect of okra (Abelmoschus esculentus) on lipid profiles and glycemic indices in Type 2 diabetic adults: randomized double blinded trials$$$ The aim of the present study was to investigate the effect of okra consumption on serum levels of lipid profiles and glycemic indices in Type 2 diabetic (T2D) patients. The present study was a randomized, double‐blinded clinical trial, carried out in Kerman, Iran. Sixty T2D patients were randomized into intervention and control groups and received 10 g okra powder blended in 150 g conventional yogurt or conventional yogurt alone, along with dinner and lunch, for 8 weeks. Glycemic markers and lipid profile were assessed, as well as anthropometric measures, at the beginning and end of study. The findings showed that 8 weeks okra consumption resulted in a significant decrease in fasting plasma glucose (−15.61 ± 19.44 vs. −3.40 ± 24.78$$$ p =.02), homeostatic model of assessment for insulin resistance (−1.17 ± 1.61 vs. −0.14 ± 1.64$$$ p =.01), quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (0.01 ± 0.007 vs. 0.00 ± 0.01$$$ p =.004), triacylglycerol (−22.30 ± 32.46 vs. −3.86 ± 30.57$$$ p =.001), total cholesterol (−10.23 ± 10.36 vs. −2.03 ± 13.94$$$ p =.004), low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL‐C$$$ −8.15 ± 10.01 vs. −2.31 ± 9.37$$$ p =.02), and LDL‐C/high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL‐C) ratio (−0.28 ± 0.37 vs. −0.08 ± 0.24$$$ p =.01). No significant difference was observed between groups in HDL‐C, glycated hemoglobin, fasting insulin levels, and anthropometric measures. The present study suggests that okra consumption can elicit improvements in lipid profile, as well as glycemic markers, among T2D patients.
A randomized double-blind, non-inferiority Phase II trial, comparing dapaconazole tosylate 2% cream with ketoconazole 2% cream in the treatment of Pityriasis versicolor$$$ Objectives: The objective of this research was to evaluate the efficacy of a new antifungal imidazole, dapaconazole tosylate, in the treatment of Pityriasis versicolor (PV).Design and methods: Sixty patients with clinical and mycological diagnosis of PV were randomly assigned to receive either 1 g dapaconazole tosylate 2% cream or 1 g ketoconazole 2% cream. Treatments were applied once a day for 28 days. A dermatologist evaluated efficacy and safety daily, and weekly laboratorial tests were performed. The primary end point was a clinical and mycological cure of lesions after 28 days of treatment. The secondary end point was the time to clinical healing assessed by Kaplan‐Meier analysis and Log‐rank testing.Results: Fifty‐three patients adhered to protocol rules. Clinical and mycological cure was achieved in 84.6% (22/26) and 92.6% (25/27) of patients treated with ketoconazole and dapaconazole, respectively (difference [effect size] = 8.0%, Standard error of difference: 8.69%, 95% CI: ‐6.3 to 22.3%). Median time to healing was 23.5 and 21 days for ketoconazole and dapaconazole, respectively (p = 0.126). Adverse events occurred only in ketoconazole‐treated patients (13%$$$ 4/30).Conclusion: Dapaconazole tosylate is non‐inferior to ketoconazole when used at a dose of 20 mg/day for 28 consecutive days for the treatment of PV. Dapaconazole also demonstrated a good safety profile.
Extended-release niacin acutely suppresses postprandial triglyceridemia$$$ OBJECTIVE: Postprandial triglyceridemia predicts cardiovascular events. Niacin might lower postprandial triglycerides by restricting free fatty acids. Immediate‐release niacin reduced postprandial triglycerides, but extended‐release niacin failed to do so when dosed the night before a fat challenge. The study aims were to determine whether extended‐release niacin dosed before a fat challenge suppresses postprandial triglycerides and whether postprandial triglycerides are related to free fatty acid restriction. METHODS: A double‐blinded, placebo‐controlled, random‐order crossover experiment was performed, in which healthy volunteers took 2 g extended‐release niacin or placebo 1 hour before heavy cream. We sampled blood over 12 hours and report triglycerides and free fatty acid as means ± standard deviation for incremental area under the curve (AUC) and nadir. RESULTS: By combining 43 fat challenges from 22 subjects, postprandial triglycerides incremental AUC was +312 ± 200 mg/dL*h on placebo versus +199 ± 200 mg/dL*h on extended‐release niacin (33% decrease, P=.02). The incremental nadir for free fatty acid was ‐0.07 ± 0.15 mmol/L on placebo versus ‐0.27 ± 0.13 mmol/L on extended‐release niacin (P<.0001), and free fatty acid incremental AUC decreased from +2.9 ± 1.5 mmol/L*h to +1.5 ± 1.5 mmol/L*h on extended‐release niacin (20% decrease, P=.0015). The incremental AUC for triglycerides was strongly related to the post‐dose decrease in free fatty acid (r = +0.58, P=.0007). CONCLUSIONS: Given right before a fat meal, even a single dose of extended‐release niacin suppresses postprandial triglyceridemia. This establishes that postprandial triglycerides suppression is an acute pharmacodynamic effect of extended‐release niacin, probably the result of marked free fatty acid restriction. Further study is warranted to determine whether mealtime dosing would augment the clinical efficacy of extended‐release niacin therapy.
Serum cholesterol-lowering efficacy of stanol ester incorporated in gelatin capsules$$$ Background: The cholesterol‐lowering properties of plant sterols have been known since the 1950s. In most clinical studies the efficacy of plant stanol ester has been studied when incorporated into mayonnaise, regular or low‐fat spreads or yoghurt. Objective: The purpose of this study was to confirm the cholesterol‐lowering efficacy of plant stanol ester when incorporated in capsules as part of a normal everyday diet. Design: The study had a randomized double‐blind parallel design with an intervention period of 3 weeks. Forty‐two subjects were randomized to receive either the active capsule (2 g of stanol) or the placebo capsule. Results: Stanol ester capsules effectively decreased the low‐density lipoprotein (LDL)‐cholesterol level by 8.5% [95% confidence interval (CI) 4.1 to 13.0%, p <0.001 vs baseline, p <0.05 vs placebo]. Total cholesterol concentration was reduced by 4.6% (95% CI 1.3 to 8.0%, p <0.01) and the apolipoprotein B level by 6.5% (95% CI 2.0 to 11.0%, p <0.01) versus baseline. The LDL/HDL ratio was reduced by 10.6% (95% CI 5.2 to 16.0%, p <0.001) versus baseline. Conclusions: Plant stanol ester reduces LDL‐cholesterol effectively, even when provided in a fat‐free matrix such as capsules. © 2006 Taylor & Francis.
Cholesterol Lowering Effect of Plant Stanol Ester Yoghurt Drinks with Added Camelina Oil$$$ The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of yoghurt minidrinks containing two doses of plant stanol ester either with or without added camelina oil on the serum cholesterol levels in moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects. In this randomised, double‐blind, parallel group study, 143 subjects consumed a 65 mL minidrink together with a meal daily for four weeks. The minidrink contained 1.6 or 2.0 grams of plant stanols with or without 2 grams of alpha‐linolenic acid‐rich camelina oil. The placebo minidrink did not contain plant stanols or camelina oil. All plant stanol treated groups showed statistically significant total, LDL, and non‐HDL cholesterol lowering relative to baseline and relative to placebo. Compared to placebo, LDL cholesterol was lowered by 9.4% (p < 0.01) and 8.1% (p < 0.01) with 1.6 g and 2 g plant stanols, respectively. With addition of Camelina oil, 1.6 g plant stanols resulted in 11.0% (p < 0.01) and 2 g plant stanols in 8.4% (p < 0.01) reduction in LDL cholesterol compared to placebo. In conclusion, yoghurt minidrinks with plant stanol ester reduced serum LDL cholesterol significantly and addition of a small amount of camelina oil did not significantly enhance the cholesterol lowering effect. This trial was registered with ClinicalTrials.gov NCT02628990.
Dairy and industrial sources of trans fat do not impair peripheral insulin sensitivity in overweight women$$$ BACKGROUND: The 2 major dietary sources of trans fatty acids (TFAs) are partially hydrogenated oils and ruminant‐derived products. Epidemiologic data suggest that chronic consumption of industrial sources of TFAs could be damaging to insulin sensitivity, but intervention studies on this issue have remained inconclusive. OBJECTIVE: The trial was designed to compare the effects of dairy compared with industrial sources of TFAs on insulin sensitivity in overweight women. DESIGN: Sixty‐three healthy women with abdominal obesity [waist circumference >88 cm and a body mass index (in kg/m(2)) >28] were recruited. After a run‐in period, the volunteers were randomly assigned to consume 1 of 3 four‐week diets: 60 g low‐TFA lipids/d (0.54 g/d$$$ n = 21), ruminant TFA‐rich lipids (4.86 g/d$$$ n = 21), or industrial TFA‐rich lipids (5.58 g/d$$$ n = 21). Changes in peripheral insulin sensitivity were assessed by using hyperinsulinemic‐euglycemic clamps. RESULTS: After the intervention period, fasting glycemia and insulinemia and insulin sensitivity were not significantly modified in either group (P > 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: These data indicate that consumption of dairy‐ and industrial‐source TFAs for 4 wk at nutritional levels do not impair peripheral insulin sensitivity in insulin‐resistant women. Our study may not preassess the effects of TFAs in normal insulin‐sensitive individuals. This trial was registered at ClinicalTrials.gov as NCT00617435.
Carbohydrate-modified diet and insulin-sensitizing medications reduce body weight and fasting insulin in the empowir (Enhance the metabolic profile of women with insulin resistance) trial$$$ BACKGROUND Despite an explosion in diabetes prevention research, new cases of diabetes continue to rise at alarming rates. Safe, effective, preventive interventions for high risk populations are critically needed. EMPOWIR (NCT00618071 ) is a double blind, placebo controlled, randomized clinical trial to evaluate a unique carbohydrate diet, alone and in combination with metformin (MF) 2000mg & MF plus rosiglitazone (RSG) 4mg in Syndrome W ‐ normoglycemic, hyperinsulinemic Women with Weight gain (>20 lbs after the 20's), Waist gain, and White Coat hypertension.1 The primary study hypothesis is that insulin sensitizing medications, in combination with alterations in carbohydrate intake will reduce insulin levels and improve established Metabolic Syndrome risk factors, as previously reported.2‐3 The primary outcome variable is change in FIn at 6 months. Inclusion criteria: age 35‐55$$$ 20 lb weight gain$$$ normal GTT and increased insulin response curves. METHODS We compared fasting insulin (FIn), BW, and relevant covariates at screening and 6‐months post randomization using paired t‐tests and multivariate models (SPSS 13.0). Participants attended 4 weekly nutrition workshops (lead‐in phase) at 2 study sites to introduce the EMPOWIR dietary intervention: a food exchange program (40% carbohydrates‐40% protein‐20% fat) promoting increased intake of vegetables, low‐glycemic index fruits, low‐fat protein and dairy products, elimination of free sugars, and notable restriction of 3 allowable additional carbohydrates (starches) to after 4PM.Anthropometric measures and adverse events (AE's) were monitored at 1, 2, 3, and 6 months. RESULTS 46 subjects (mean age 46.6±1.0, BMI 30.5±.04Kg/m2$$$ 54.3% white), enrolled from Feb, 2008‐Dec, 2009 were randomized$$$ 37 completed >6 months. Significant BW reductions were observed at 6 months in placebo, MF, and MF‐RSG arms, respectively 4.7, 4.7, and 6.0% (P=.049, .005, .0170)$$$ significant FIn reductions were noted in the placebo and MF‐RSG arm (P's=.043, .011)$$$ % change in BW correlated with % change in FIn (rxy=.550, P=.007)$$$ but not with age, race, baseline BW, insulin, or menopausal status. MF was well tolerated in a gradually escalating dose and no AE's were reported. CONCLUSIONS The EMPOWIR study diet independently, and in combination with insulin sensitizing medications, reduced BW in a diverse sample of normoglycemic, hyperinsulinemic midlife women. These findings are consistent with other research4‐6 and merit additional study.
Dairy milk proteins attenuate hyperglycemia-induced impairments in vascular endothelial function in adults with prediabetes by limiting increases in glycemia and oxidative stress that reduce nitric oxide bioavailability$$$ Postprandial hyperglycemia (PPH) transiently impairs vascular endothelial function (VEF) in an oxidative stress‐dependent manner by decreasing nitric oxide (NO•) bioavailability. Dairy milk and its proteins attenuate PPH, but whether this improves VEF is unknown. We hypothesized that dairy milk, mediated by its whey and/or casein proteins, improves VEF by attenuating PPH‐induced oxidative stress that otherwise decreases NO• bioavailability. A randomized, cross‐over trial was conducted in adults with prediabetes (n=23) who ingested glucose (75 g, GLU) alone or with 473 mL of non‐fat dairy milk (MILK) or isonitrogenous (16.5 g) amounts of whey (WHEY) or casein (CASEIN) in 473 mL of water. Prior to and at 30 min intervals for 180 min postprandially, we assessed brachial artery flow‐mediated dilation (FMD) and measured biomarkers of glycemic control, oxidative stress, and NO• homeostasis. FMDAUC decreased to the greatest extent during GLU, which was similarly improved in dairy trials. Compared with GLU, AUCs for glucose, malondialdehyde, F2‐isoprostanes, methylglyoxal, and endothelin‐1 were similarly lower in dairy trials. Plasma arginine and NO• metabolites were greater but methylated arginine metabolites were lower in dairy trials compared with GLU. Postprandial insulin, lipids, and tetrahydrobiopterin redox status did not differ among trials. Thus, dairy milk, mediated by its whey and casein proteins, attenuates PPH‐mediated impairments in VEF by limiting oxidative stress. This improves NO• bioavailability to the vascular endothelium by increasing arginine availability and limiting competitive inhibition on NO• biosynthesis by asymmetric dimethylarginine. These findings support observational studies that dairy milk lowers cardiovascular disease risk.
Nuts and plasma lipids: an almond-based diet lowers LDL-C while preserving HDL-C$$$ Objective: To compare lipid‐altering effects of an almond‐based diet with an olive oil‐based diet, against a cheese and butter‐based control diet. Methods: Forty‐five free‐living hyperlipidemic men (n = 12) and women (n = 33) with a mean plasma total cholesterol (TC) of 251 ± 30 mg/dL followed one of three diets$$$ almond‐based, olive oil‐based, or dairy‐based for 4 weeks. Total fat in each diet was matched, and the study‐provided sources of fat comprised the major portion of fat intake. Results: Reductions in TC and low‐ density lipoprotein‐cholesterol (LDL‐C) between the three groups were significantly different from the almond group (both p<0.001). Within group analysis revealed that the almond‐based diet induced significant reductions in TC (p<0.05), LDL‐C (p<0.001), and the TC:HDL ratio (p<0.001), while HDL‐C levels were preserved. TC and HDL‐C in the control diet were significantly increased from baseline (both p<0.05), while the olive oil‐based diet resulted in no significant changes over the study period. Weight did not change significantly. Conclusion: Results suggest that the more favorable lipid‐altering effects induced by the almond group may be due to interactive or additive effects of the numerous bioactive constituents found in almonds.
Effect of Brazilian foods on glycemia$$$ INTERVENTION: Randomized crossover non blinded study of the glycemic response of the reference food: glucose or French bread (portion with 25 g of available carbohydrates) with 200 mL of water will be ingested by the volunteers in 10‐15 min, after fasting for 10 h. Before (t=0) and after ingestion capillary blood samples will be taken at times: 15, 30, 45, 60, 90 and 120 min. Minimum of 20 volunteers. This procedure will be repeated three times (interval not less than 7 days) in the same individual. The following will be studied: 1. Moro orange juice$$$ 2. pear orange juice$$$ 3. Moro orange juice with French bread$$$ 4. Pear orange juice with bread$$$ 5. pear orange juice$$$ 6. orange pear juice with bread and butter$$$ 7. Moro orange juice with grilled cheese sandwich$$$ 8. Moro orange juice with bread and butter$$$ 9. unrefined sugar with phenolic compounds$$$ 10. white boiled sweet potato$$$ 11. orange sweet potato$$$ 12. tapioca with butter$$$ 13. tapioca with cream cheese, 14 and 15. rice flakes snacks with fruits and nuts, standard and with reduced sugar$$$ 16. cereal bar$$$ 17. Food Supplement of Fibers, Vitamins and Magnesium in bar$$$ 18. Smoothie drink rich in dietary fiber$$$ 19. 200 ml of uvaia juice + bread$$$ 20. 200 ml of blueberry juice + bread$$$ 21. 200 ml of grumixama juice + bread. White bread or glucose will be used as a reference food. Each food will be consumed in such a way that a portion allows the ingestion of 25 g of available carbohydrates, according to the results of the chemical analysis. Depending on the number of foods, volunteers will be divided into two groups. CONDITION: G07.203.650.660.500 Healthy Volunteers PRIMARY OUTCOME: It is expected to find a statistical reduction in the participants&apos$$$ average glycemia compared to the control SECONDARY OUTCOME: No secondary outcomes are expected. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Age between 18 and 45 years old$$$ both genders$$$ must be in good health$$$ according to report on the absence of diabetes$$$ kidney and gastrointestinal diseases$$$ hyperthyroidism$$$ underweight or overweight/obesity and report of family history of diabetes$$$ volunteer women cannot be pregnant$$$ breastfeeding or report hormone therapy$$$ and all individuals must be exempt from the use of any type of medication that may affect the digestion and absorption of food (antibiotics$$$ medication for diarrhea$$$ and intestinal constipation) during the study period
Prior Exercise Does Not Reduce Postprandial Lipemia Following a Mixed Glucose Meal When Compared with a Mixed Fructose Meal$$$ This study examined the effect of prior exercise on postprandial lipemia (PPL) concentration following a mixed meal (MM) made with either glucose or fructose. Sedentary women completed four trials in random order: 1) Rest‐Fructose: RF, 2) Rest‐Glucose: RG, 3) Exercise‐Fructose: EF, 4) Exercise‐Glucose: EG. Exercise expended 500 kcal while walking at 70%VO2max. Rest was 60 min of sitting. The morning after each trial, a fasting (12 hr) blood sample was collected followed by consumption of the MM. The MM was blended with whole milk and ice cream plus a glucose or fructose powder. Glucose and fructose powder accounted for 30% of the total kcal within the MM. Blood was collected periodically for 6 hr post‐MM and analyzed for PPL. Magnitude of PPL over the 6 hr postmeal was quantified using the triglyceride incremental area under the curve (TG AUCI). Significant differences (p < .05) between trials were determined using repeated‐measures ANOVA and Bonferroni post hoc test. There was no significant difference in the TG AUCI between the four trials (p > .05). A significant trial by time interaction for TG concentration was reported (p < .05). Despite lack of change in the AUCI with prior exercise, the lower TG concentration at multiple time points in the EG trial does indicate that prior exercise has some desirable effect on PPL. This study suggests that replacing fructose with glucose sugars and incorporating exercise may minimize PPL following a mixed meal but exercise will need to elicit greater energy expenditure.
Comparison of calcium supplementation or low-fat dairy foods on epithelial cell proliferation and differentiation$$$ Epidemiological evidence suggests that dietary calcium and vitamin D intake are inversely related to incidence of colon cancer. Previous studies have demonstrated that supplementation of the diet with calcium in the form of calcium tablets or low‐fat dairy foods alters colonic epithelial cell proliferation from a higher‐ to a lower‐risk pattern. The present study compared relative effects of administration of calcium carbonate at approximately 900 mg/day (calcium) with those of a low‐fat dairy food diet providing about the same amount of calcium (dairy) in a cross‐over "head‐to‐head" study of 40 subjects at risk for colonic neoplasia. Dietary intake of macronutrients was similar in the two study periods, except for a slight increase in protein intake during dairy calcium supplementation. Rectal epithelial cell proliferation was studied in flat endoscopically normal‐appearing mucosa at baseline and at the end of each of the two study periods and showed a significant reduction in epithelial crypt cell labeling index from 12.5% to 9.1% (calcium) or 9.3% (dairy) as well as in proliferating cells in the upper 40% of the crypt from 0.09 to 0.03 in the calcium‐ and low‐fat dairy‐supplemented intervention groups. No significant changes in two epithelial cell differentiation markers, cytokeratin AE1 and acidic mucins, were found. Furthermore, there were no differences in epithelial cell apoptosis or expression of the proapoptotic gene product BAK. These data indicate that increased dietary calcium given as supplements or in the diet in low‐fat dairy foods lowers epithelial cell proliferation indexes from a higher‐ to a lower‐risk pattern. Because supplemental calcium has been shown to reduce the recurrence of colonic adenomatous polyps in patients at increased risk for colonic neoplasia, our data suggest that supplemental low‐fat dairy foods may also be effective.
An Effective Management Of High Cholesterol Level$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: sneha: sneha also lowers cholesterol goghrita is given orally dosage 20 ml for 7 days Control Intervention1: kshara: kshara has scraping effect on cholesterol 1 gram twice daily orally for 7 days CONDITION: hypercholesterolemia PRIMARY OUTCOME: lowering the values of lipid profile‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: assessment of objective parameters on 0 day and 7th day SECONDARY OUTCOME: lowering the values of lipid profile‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: assessment of objective parameters on 21st day INCLUSION CRITERIA: Known cases of hypercholesterolemia. Persons who are not habituated to take ghee.
Dairy Product Consumption and Prostate Cancer Risk in the United States$$$ An ongoing controversy exists regarding the effect of dairy products on prostate cancer risk in observational studies. We prospectively investigated the associations between dairy product consumption and prostate cancer risk among men in the United States. After calculating pre‐diagnostic intake of individual or subgroups of dairy products using a validated food frequency questionnaire, we estimated hazard ratios (HR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) for pathologically‐verified cases of incident prostate cancer among men, overall, or stratified by severity. Among 49,472 men, 4134 were diagnosed with prostate cancer during an average follow‐up period of 11.2 years. The median total dairy intake was 101 g/1000 kcal. Consumption of total, individual, or subgroups of dairy products was not statistically significantly associated with prostate cancer risk overall (HR = 1.05, 95% CI = 0.96‐1.15 comparing the highest with lowest quartile) or stratified by severity, except for regular‐fat dairy product intake with late‐stage prostate cancer risk (HR = 1.37, 95% CI = 1.04‐1.82 comparing the highest with lowest quartile) and 2%‐fat milk intake with advanced prostate cancer risk (HR = 1.14, 95% CI = 1.02‐1.28 comparing the higher than median intake with no intake group). Our findings do not support the previously reported harmful impact of dairy consumption on overall prostate cancer risk among men in the United States.
Increased calcium intake from skimmed milk in energy-restricted diets reduces glycation markers in adults with type 2 diabetes and overweight: a secondary analysis of a randomized clinical trial$$$ The effect of calcium (Ca) on glycation markers is unknown. We hypothesized that increased Ca intake from skimmed milk associated with an energy‐restricted diet intake will reduce glycation markers. This reduction will be associated with a greater improvement in markers of metabolic control in adults with type 2 diabetes, overweight, and low habitual Ca intake (<600 mg/d). In this secondary data analysis based on a crossover clinical trial, 14 adults were allocated into 2 groups: high calcium (shake containing 700 mg Ca/day) or low calcium (shake with 6.4 mg Ca/day), for 12 consecutive weeks per session. Energy‐restricted diets were also prescribed (−500 kcal/d, 800 mg of dietary Ca/d) to all participants. Advanced glycation end products (AGEs), soluble receptor for AGEs (sRAGE), glycemic control, and lipid profile were assessed at baseline and after 12 weeks. High‐calcium serum AGE concentrations and AGE/sRAGE ratio were lower at the end of the study. ΔAGE and ΔAGE/sRAGE ratio were both positively associated with Δtriglycerides, Δtotal cholesterol, Δtriglyceride‐glucose index and variations, and Δvisceral adiposity index. ΔAGE/sRAGE was positively associated with Δfructosamine and Δhigh‐density lipoprotein‐cholesterol, and negatively associated with male sex. Consumption of approximately 1200 mg/day of calcium (3 servings of skim milk) reduced serum AGEs concentrations and the AGE/sRAGE ratio in individuals with diabetes. In general, positive changes in glycation markers are associated with lipid profile, insulin resistance, and adiposity markers worsening. ΔAGEs/ΔsRAGE ratio seems to be a better marker of metabolic status than ΔAGEs and ΔsRAGE alone. Registered in ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT02377076).
Whole fat or reduced fat dairy- which is best for kids? Results of the Milky Way Study$$$ Dietary guidelines in Australia currently recommend that adults and children consume predominantly reduced‐fat, rather than wholefat (also known as full‐fat or regular‐fat) dairy products.(1) Reduced fat dairy products have lower energy and saturated fat content which is thought to limit the risk of excessive energy intake, weight gain, and cardiometabolic disease. Interestingly, observational evidence suggests that reduced‐fat products do not have health advantages over whole‐fat dairy products, but there is a lack of good quality randomised controlled trials directly comparing the impact of consuming diets rich in whole‐fat compared with reducedfat dairy foods. We aimed to develop and use a child centred research protocol to investigate the effects of whole‐fat compared with reduced‐fat dairy intake on measures of adiposity and biomarkers of cardiometabolic risk in healthy 4‐ to 6‐y‐old children. Our Milky Way Study was a double blind, randomised control trial that enrolled 49 children (mean ± SD age: 5.2 ± 0.9 y$$$ 47% girls) who were habitual consumers of whole‐fat dairy. Children were randomised to either to remain on whole‐fat dairy or change to reduced‐fat products for three months. We investigated changes in cardiometabolic risk factors and measures of adiposity including body composition via BodPod assessment. Pre‐ and postintervention results were compared using linear mixed models, adjusted for growth age, and sex.We also developed and refined our 'Respectful Approach to Child‐centred Healthcare' (ReACH) protocol,(2) to underpin respectful participant interactions. Children and their parents provided an independent evaluation of this child centred protocol using customised 5‐point Likert scales and qualitative feedback. Dairy fat intake was reduced by 12.9 ± 4.1 g/d in the reduced‐fat compared with the whole‐fat dairy group (95% CI: ‐21.2, ‐4.6 g/d$$$ p = 0.003), although dietary energy intakes remained similar (p = 0.936). We found no significant differential changes between dairy groups in any measure of adiposity, body composition, blood pressure, or fasting serum lipids, glucose, HbA1c, or CRP. Adherence to ReACH principles during clinic visits was positively associated with child compliance, significantly for baseline BodPod (p = 0.002) and blood test (p = 0.009) clinics. Parents rated the study highly with 91.7% satisfied at baseline and 100% postintervention. Qualitative feedback reflected an enjoyable study experience for both parents and children. Our results suggest that although changing from whole‐fat to reduced‐fat dairy products does reduce dairy fat intake, it does not result in changes to energy intake or markers of adiposity or cardiometabolic disease risk in healthy children What children consume in place of the dairy fat may have longer term health implications.
Intermittent energy restriction induces changes in breast gene expression and systemic metabolism$$$ Background: Observational studies suggest weight loss and energy restriction reduce breast cancer risk. Intermittent energy restriction (IER) reduces weight to the same extent as, or more than equivalent continuous energy restriction (CER) but the effects of IER on normal breast tissue and systemic metabolism as indicators of breast cancer risk are unknown. Methods: We assessed the effect of IER (two days of 65 % energy restriction per week) for one menstrual cycle on breast tissue gene expression using Affymetrix GeneChips, adipocyte size by morphometry, and systemic metabolism (insulin resistance, lipids, serum and urine metabolites, lymphocyte gene expression) in 23 overweight premenopausal women at high risk of breast cancer. Unsupervised and supervised analyses of matched pre and post IER biopsies in 20 subjects were performed, whilst liquid and gas chromatography mass spectrometry assessed corresponding changes in serum and urine metabolites in all subjects after the two restricted and five unrestricted days of the IER. Results: Women lost 4.8 % (±2.0 %) of body weight and 8.0 % (±5.0 %) of total body fat. Insulin resistance (homeostatic model assessment (HOMA)) reduced by 29.8 % (±17.8 %) on the restricted days and by 11 % (±34 %) on the unrestricted days of the IER. Five hundred and twenty‐seven metabolites significantly increased or decreased during the two restricted days of IER. Ninety‐one percent of these returned to baseline after 5 days of normal eating. Eleven subjects (55 %) displayed reductions in energy restriction‐associated metabolic gene pathways including lipid synthesis, gluconeogenesis and glycogen synthesis. Some of these women also had increases in genes associated with breast epithelial cell differentiation (secretoglobulins, milk proteins and mucins) and decreased collagen synthesis (TNMD, PCOLCE2, TIMP4). There was no appreciable effect of IER on breast gene expression in the other nine subjects. These groups did not differ in the degree of changes in weight, total body fat, fat cell size or serum or urine metabolomic markers. Corresponding gene changes were not seen in peripheral blood lymphocytes. Conclusion: The transcriptional response to IER is variable in breast tissue, which was not reflected in the systemic response, which occurred in all subjects. The mechanisms of breast responsiveness/non‐responsiveness require further investigation. Trial registration:ISRCTN7791648731/07/2012.
Glucagon-like peptide-1 (7-36) amide response to low versus high glycaemic index preloads in overweight subjects with and without type II diabetes mellitus$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Glucagon‐like‐peptide‐1 (7‐36) amide (GLP‐1) is an insulin secretagogue and potential treatment for type II diabetes mellitus. An alternative to GLP‐1 administration is endogenous dietary stimulation. We described a greater GLP‐1 release following ingestion of liquids versus solids. We add to this work studying the effect of fluid preloads with differing glycaemic indices (GI) on the metabolic response to a meal. SUBJECTS AND DESIGN: GLP‐1, insulin and glucose responses were measured in six overweight individuals and six subjects with type II diabetes on three occasions, after preload (milk, low GI$$$ Ovaltine Light, high GI$$$ or water, non‐nutritive control) and meal ingestion. RESULTS: In people with and without diabetes, the high GI preload produced the greatest glucose incremental area under the curve (IAUC)(0‐20), followed by the low GI preload, and water (P<0.001). In both groups, insulin IAUC(0‐20) was higher following high and low GI preloads compared with water (NS). In people without diabetes, the GLP‐1 response was higher when high and low GI preloads were consumed compared with water (P=0.041), with no significant difference between nutritive preloads. GLP‐1 response did not differ between preloads in people with diabetes. Despite initial differences, total IAUCs(0‐200) for biochemical variables did not differ by preload. CONCLUSION: We confirm that nutritive liquids stimulate GLP‐1 to a greater extent than water in subjects without diabetes$$$ however, this does not influence subsequent meal‐induced response. The GI of preloads does not influence the degree of GLP‐1 stimulation.
Metabolic and physiologic effects from consuming a hunter-gatherer (Paleolithic)-type diet in type 2 diabetes$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: The contemporary American diet figures centrally in the pathogenesis of numerous chronic diseases‐‐'diseases of civilization'‐‐such as obesity and diabetes. We investigated in type 2 diabetes whether a diet similar to that consumed by our pre‐agricultural hunter‐gatherer ancestors ('Paleolithic' type diet) confers health benefits. SUBJECTS/METHODS: We performed an outpatient, metabolically controlled diet study in type 2 diabetes patients. We compared the findings in 14 participants consuming a Paleo diet comprising lean meat, fruits, vegetables and nuts, and excluding added salt, and non‐Paleolithic‐type foods comprising cereal grains, dairy or legumes, with 10 participants on a diet based on recommendations by the American Diabetes Association (ADA) containing moderate salt intake, low‐fat dairy, whole grains and legumes. There were three ramp‐up diets for 7 days, then 14 days of the test diet. Outcomes included the following: mean arterial blood pressure$$$ 24‐h urine electrolytes$$$ hemoglobin A1c and fructosamine levels$$$ insulin resistance by euglycemic hyperinsulinemic clamp and lipid levels. RESULTS: Both groups had improvements in metabolic measures, but the Paleo diet group had greater benefits on glucose control and lipid profiles. Also, on the Paleo diet, the most insulin‐resistant subjects had a significant improvement in insulin sensitivity (r = 0.40, P = 0.02), but no such effect was seen in the most insulin‐resistant subjects on the ADA diet (r = 0.39, P = 0.3). CONCLUSIONS: Even short‐term consumption of a Paleolithic‐type diet improved glucose control and lipid profiles in people with type 2 diabetes compared with a conventional diet containing moderate salt intake, low‐fat dairy, whole grains and legumes.
Impact of preloading either dairy or soy milk on postprandial glycemia, insulinemia and gastric emptying in healthy adults$$$ PURPOSE: Milk protein ingestion reduces post‐meal glycemia when consumed either before or together with carbohydrate foods. The aim of this study was to compare the effects of dairy and soy milk consumed either before (preload) or together with (co‐ingestion) a carbohydrate (bread), on postprandial blood glucose, insulin and gastric emptying in healthy participants. METHODS: Twelve healthy Chinese male participants were studied on five separate occasions using a randomized crossover design. White wheat bread consumed with water was used as a reference meal. Capillary and venous bloods were sampled pretest and 3.5 h post‐test meal for glucose and insulin measurement. Gastric emptying was measured using real‐time ultrasonography. RESULTS: Co‐ingestion of dairy milk or soy milk with bread lowered postprandial blood glucose response and glycemic index. Co‐ingesting soy milk with bread increased insulin response and insulinemic index significantly compared to co‐ingestion of dairy milk and preload treatments. Preloads (30 min prior to bread) significantly lowered postprandial glycemia and insulinemia compared to co‐ingestion. Gastric emptying was slower after co‐ingesting dairy milk with bread than after reference meal. CONCLUSIONS: Preloading either soy milk or dairy milk results in greater reduction in glycemic response compared to co‐ingestion alone. This dietary practice may have therapeutic advantage in communities consuming high GI diets. Optimal glucose control may have the potential for increasing the time of transition from prediabetes to type 2 diabetes in Asian communities. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT 02151188.
Effect of improving dietary quality on carotid intima media thickness in subjects with type 1 and type 2 diabetes: a 12-mo randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: People with diabetes are at a heightened risk of cardiovascular disease compared with the general population. To our knowledge, randomized controlled trials investigating the effect of improving dietary quality on carotid intima media thickness, a marker of subclinical atherosclerosis and predictor of cardiovascular disease, have not been conducted in populations with diabetes. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to determine whether increasing fruit (+1 serving$$$ 150 g/d), vegetable (+2 servings$$$ 150 g/d), and dairy (+1 serving$$$ 200‐250 g/d) intakes slows 12‐mo common carotid artery intima media thickness (CCA IMT) progression, compared with a control group continuing to consume their usual diet, in people with type 1 and type 2 diabetes. DESIGN: A 12‐mo randomized controlled trial was conducted. The primary outcome was mean CCA IMT, measured at baseline and 12 mo, with B‐mode ultrasound. Participants in the intervention group received counseling from a dietitian at baseline and 1, 3, 6, and 9 mo, and compliance was measured with a food‐frequency questionnaire at baseline, 3 mo, and 12 mo. The control group continued consuming their usual diet. RESULTS: In total, 118 participants completed the study. Vegetable (46 g/d$$$ 95% CI: 14, 77 g/d$$$ P < 0.001) and fruit (179 g/d$$$ 95% CI: 119, 239 g/d$$$ P < 0.001) intakes were increased at 3 mo in the intervention group compared with the control group. This increase was not maintained at 12 mo, but intake increased overall in the cohort (fruit, 48 g/d$$$ vegetables, 14 g/d). An increase in dairy consumption was not achieved, but yogurt intake was higher in the intervention group at 3 mo (38 g$$$ 95% CI: 12, 65 g$$$ P < 0.001)$$$ this was not maintained at 12 mo. At 12 mo, CCA IMT regressed (mean ± SD: ‐0.01 ± 0.04 mm$$$ P < 0.001), with a greater effect in the treatment group (mean ± SD: ‐0.02 ± 0.04 mm compared with ‐0.004 ± 0.04 mm$$$ P = 0.009). CONCLUSION: Improving dietary quality in people with well‐controlled type 1 and type 2 diabetes may slow CCA IMT progression. This trial was registered at https://www.anzctr.org.au as ACTRN12613000251729.
Brain reward-system activation in response to anticipation and consumption of palatable food is altered byGLP-1 receptor activation in humans$$$ Background and aims: It has been suggested that obese individuals have increased brain reward system activation while anticipating food intake, which may lead to cravings for food, and decreased reward system activation during actual food consumption, which may induce overeating. Gut‐derived hormones, such as glucagon‐like peptide‐1 (GLP‐1), are likely involved in the regulation of food intake. GLP‐1 receptor agonists improve glycaemic control and reduce food intake and body weight. We hypothesised that food intake reduction following GLP‐1 receptor activation is mediated through brain areas regulating anticipatory and consummatory food reward. Materials and methods: Obese T2DMpatients (n=16$$$mean ± SD$$$ BMI 34±4 kg/m2$$$ HbA1C 6.9±0.9%, 8 males), age‐ and gender‐matched normoglycaemic obese (n=16$$$ BMI 33±3 kg/m2) and lean individuals (n=16$$$ BMI 23±1 kg/m2) were studied in a randomised, crossover, placebo‐controlled trial. Using functional MRI, we determined the acute effects of GLP‐1 receptor activation on brain responses to anticipation and receipt of chocolate milk vs. tasteless solution. All subjects underwent three functional MRI sessions at separate visits with intravenous infusion of A) the GLP‐1 receptor agonist exenatide, B) exenatide with prior GLP‐1 receptor blockade by exendin 9‐39 or C) placebo$$$ during somatostatin pituitary‐pancreatic clamps (glucose 5 mmol/L). We assessed the effects of BMI and GLP‐1 receptor activation on brain responses in areas regulating reward, appetite and motivation (putamen, caudate nucleus, amygdala, insula and orbitofrontal cortex). Results: BMI was negatively correlated with brain responses to receipt of chocolate milk and positively correlated with anticipation of receipt of chocolate milk in brain areas regulating reward, appetite and motivation (P<0.005). Exenatide vs. placebo increased brain responses to receipt of chocolate milk and decreased anticipation of receipt of chocolate milk (P< 0.005). Exenatide vs. placebo reduced caloric intake during a subsequent choice buffet by 23% in lean subjects, by 24% in obese subjects and by 14% in obese T2DM patients. The exenatide‐induced effects on brain activations and caloric intake were largely prevented by exendin 9‐39. Conclusion: GLP‐1 receptor activation decreased anticipatory food reward, which may reduce cravings for food, and increased consummatory food reward, which may prevent overeating. Our findings provide novel insights into the mechanisms by which GLP‐1 regulates food intake and how GLP‐1 receptor agonists induce weight loss.
The effect of Job's tears-enriched yoghurt on GLP-1, calprotectin, blood glucose levels and weight of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus$$$ BACKGROUND: Involving natural food ingredients in controlling blood glucose in diabetic patients has been widely studied. However, there is little information about the effect of the ingredients on improvement of clinical, laboratory, and gut function markers. OBJECTIVE: This study was aimed to examine the effect of Job's tears‐enriched yoghurt on weight, fasting blood glucose, GLP‐1, and Calprotectin in patients with type 2 Diabetes Mellitus. METHODS: Sixty male and female subjects with T2DM participating in this study were divided in two groups$$$ received yoghurt (control group/C) and Job's tears‐enriched yoghurt (treatment group/T). Subjects use metformin only were allowed. Job's tears seed was extracted using a standard process. Height and weight were measured. Laboratory examination for fasting blood glucose, GLP‐1, and calprotectin were performed using standard methods. Appropiate statistical analysis tests were applied to examine variables change within and between groups. Significancy was set at p <0.05.
Daily consumption of vitamin D-fortified yogurt drink both improved glycemic control and decreased serum cardiac myeoloperoxidase in type 2 diabetics$$$ Background: Both low serum concentrations of 25‐hydroxyvitamin D and high circulating levels of myeloperoxidase (MPO) have been associated with cardiovascular disease (CVD), one of the major long‐term complications of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Objective: This study aimed to examine the effect of vitamin D replenishment via daily consumption of fortified yogurt drink (either with or without added calcium) on serum cardiac MPO levels in T2DM patients. Design: Ninety diabetic subjects were randomly allocated to three groups to receive either plain yogurt drink (PY$$$ containing no vitamin D and 150 mg calcium/250 mL), vitamin D‐fortified (DY$$$ containing 500 IU vitamin D and 150 mg calcium/250mL) or vitamin D‐calcium‐fortified (DCY$$$ containing 500 IU vitamin D and 250 mg calcium/250mL) yogurt drinks twice a day for 12 weeks. Fasting serum glucose (FSG), homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA‐IR), serum 25(OH)D and MPO levels were assessed at the baseline and after intervention period. Results: In both DY and DCY groups mean serum 25(OH)D3 improved (+32.8±28.4 and +28.8±16.1 nmol/L, respectively, for both p < 0.001) but those of FSG (‐12.9±33.7 mg/dL, p = 0.015 and ‐9.6±46.9 mg/dL, p = 0.035, respectively), HOMA‐IR (‐0.6±1.4, p = 0.001, and ‐0.6±3.2, p < 0.001, respectively). Serum cardiac MPO decreased in all three groups but only in DY and DCY groups were the decrements significant (‐19.3±75.9 μg/L, p = 0.173$$$ ‐21.8±54.2 μg/L, p = 0.035$$$ and ‐48.4±76.8 μg/L, p = 0.002, respectively). Conclusions: Daily intake of vitamin D‐fortified yogurt drink, both with or without added calcium, improved glycemic status and lowered serum cardiac MPO in T2DM patients.
Turnover of very low-density lipoprotein-apoprotein B is increased by substitution of soybean protein for meat and dairy protein in the diets of hypercholesterolemic men$$$ The effect of dietary protein source on the kinetics of plasma very low‐density lipoprotein (VLDL) (Sf 60 to 400) in hypercholesterolemic men was investigated. Using a crossover design, five subjects received sequentially either 1) a high polyunsaturated fat, low cholesterol control diet containing mixed protein from meat, dairy products, and plant sources or 2) an all‐plant protein experimental diet in which the meat and dairy protein of the former diet was replaced by soybean protein and soy milk. There was no significant change in the mean values for fasting serum cholesterol and triglycerides over the 6‐wk period of administration of the control versus experimental diets. The kinetics of VLDL (Sf 60 to 400) apolipoprotein B were studied at the end of each dietary period after reinjection of 125I‐labeled autologous VLDL (Sf 60 to 400). The VLDL apolipoprotein B pool size was similar during the experimental and control protocols$$$ however, the fractional catabolic rate was consistently higher during the experimental protocol (8.5 +/‐ 1.3 versus 6.5 +/‐ 1.2 day‐1, p less than 0.01) and the production rate of apoprotein B was higher than control in four of five subjects (mean values 18.6 +/‐ 3 versus 12.6 +/‐ 1 mg/day/kg, respectively). Administration of an all‐plant protein diet significantly increased the fractional turnover rate of VLDL apolipoprotein B, even when no changes in VLDL ago B pool size or VLDL lipid concentrations were observed.
The effect of probiotic soy milk and soy milk on anthropometric measures and blood pressure in patients with type II diabetes mellitus: a randomized double-blind clinical trial$$$ BACKGROUND: The objective of this clinical trial was to assess the effects of probiotic soy milk and soy milk on anthropometric measures and blood pressure (BP) in type 2 diabetic (T2D) patients. METHODS: A total of 40 patients with T2D, 35‐68 years old, were assigned to two groups in this randomized, double‐blind, controlled clinical trial. The patients in the intervention group consumed 200 ml/day of probiotic soy milk containing Lactobacillus planetarium A7 and those in control group consumed 200 ml/day of soy milk for 8 weeks. Anthropometric and BP measurements were performed according to standard protocols. For detecting within‐group differences paired‐sample t‐tests was used and analysis of covariance was used for determining any differences between two groups. (The trial has been registered in the Iranian Registry of Clinical Trials, identifier: IRCT: IRCT201405265062N8). RESULTS: In this study, we failed to find any significant changes between probiotic soy milk and soy milk in term of body mass index (26.65 ± 0.68 vs. 26.33 ± 0.74, P = 0.300) and waist to hip ratio (1.49 ± 0.08 vs. 1.54 ± 0.1, P = 0.170). Although soy milk did not have any effect on BP, probiotic soymilk significantly decreased systolic (14.7 ± 0.48 vs. 13.05 ± 0.16, P = 0.001) and diastolic BP (10 ± 0.7 vs. 9.1 ± 1, P = 0.031). CONCLUSION: In our study, probiotic soy milk in comparing with soy milk did not have any beneficial effects on anthropometric measures in these patients. We need more clinical trial for confirming the effect of probiotic foods on anthropometric measure in diabetic patients. However, probiotic soy milk decreased systolic and diastolic BP significantly.
Intensified training in adolescent female athletes: a crossover study of Greek yogurt effects on indices of recovery$$$ Background: During a period of intensified exercise (e.g. training/identification camps), often undertaken by competitive youth athletes, the maintenance of muscle function and peak performance can become challenging due to an accumulation of fatigue. The provision of post‐exercise dairy protein in adults has been previously shown to accelerate recovery$$$ however, its efficacy in youth athletes is currently unknown. Therefore, the purpose of this study was to examine the effects of increased dairy protein consumption with plain Greek yogurt (GY) on performance and recovery indices during an intensified soccer training camp in adolescent female soccer players. Methods: Thirteen players (14.3 ± 1.3 years) participated in a randomized, double blinded, crossover design study where they received 3 servings/day of either GY ( 115 kcal, 17 g protein, 11.5 g carbohydrates) or an isoenergetic carbohydrate control (CHO, 115 kcal, 0.04 g protein, 28.6 g carbohydrates) during two 5‐day soccer‐specific training camps. Performance was assessed before and after each training camp. Fasted, morning, creatine kinase (CK), insulin‐like growth factor‐1 (IGF‐1), C‐reactive protein (CRP), interleukin 6 (IL6), interleukin 10 (IL10) and tumor necrosis factor‐α (TNFα) were measured in plasma pre‐ and post‐training. Results: Training led to decrements in counter‐movement jump (p = 0.01), broad jump (p = 0.04) and aerobic capacity (p = 0.006), with no effect of GY. A significant increase in anti‐inflammatory cytokine IL10 was observed from pre‐ to post‐training in GY (+26% [p = 0.008]) but not in CHO (p = 0.89). CRP and CK increased (+65% [p = 0.005] and +119% [p ≤ 0.001], respectively), while IGF‐1 decreased (‐34% [p ≤ 0.001]) from pre‐ to post‐training with no difference between conditions. Conclusions: These results demonstrate that consumption of GY did not offer any added recovery benefit with respect to measures of performance and in the attenuation of exercise‐induced muscle damage above that achieved with energy‐matched carbohydrate in this group of young female soccer players. However, regular consumption of GY may assist with the acute anti‐inflammatory response during periods of intensified training in adolescent athletes.
The effect of circuit resistance training, empagliflozin or "vegeterranean diet" on physical and metabolic function in older subjects with type 2 diabetes: a study protocol for a randomized control trial (CEV-65 trial)$$$ BACKGROUND: Treatment of the older diabetic individual comprises a therapeutic challenge. Currently little scientific evidence exists depicting the best approach to type 2 diabetes treatment in this growing sub‐population of patients. The purpose of this study is to assess the effects of a modified plant‐based Mediterranean diet ("vegeterranean" diet), circuit resistance training (CRT) and empagliflozin, separately or in combination, on body composition and physical function in older subjects with type 2 diabetes. The rationale for this study is to assess three interventions associated with a negative energy/caloric balance (increased caloric use in exercise, caloric restriction in the "vegeterranean" diet and caloric wasting by glycosuria with empagliflozin), their interaction and effect on body composition and physical function. METHODS: One hundred and twenty men and women ≥65 years of age with type 2 diabetes, and low levels of physical activity will be randomized (1:1:1 manner, gender stratified) for 10 weeks to one of 3 parallel arms: CRT consisting of 3 home sessions/week$$$ ad‐libitum plant‐based Mediterranean diet (limited consumption of eggs, dairy and fish, avoidance of red meat and poultry) or empagliflozin 10 mg/day. After 10 weeks CRT will be added to the empagliflozin and diet arms for an additional 10 weeks. Allocation concealment and blinding of primary outcome assessors will be implemented. Efficacy will be determined by assessment of lean body mass, body weight, frailty and functional status, sarcopenia, HbA1c and quality of life questionnaires. Safety will be evaluated by routine monitoring of adverse events. This study was approved by the Tel‐Aviv Sourasky Medical Center Institutional Review Board. DISCUSSION: The combination and comparison of these diverse interventions to metabolic control may lead to better understanding of their mechanism of action with potential clinical implications in older individuals. Also, this study will provide evidence of the effectiveness of these interventions on delaying the progression from diabetes to sarcopenia and/or frailty. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov PRS: NCT03560375 . Last registration date (last update): 06/06/2018. The trial was a‐priori registered before actual recruitment of subjects.
A food compound with a preventive effect and / or treatment in lipid and glycemic disorders In HIV-positive individuals on antiretroviral therapy$$$ INTERVENTION: B04.820.650.589.650.350 C18.452.394.952 Dietary supplement G07.203.300.572 The Intervention Group (n = 121) received a recommendation on Lifestyle Change associated to the receipt of 03 packages with 1.2 kg each containing the Bioactive Diet Compound for consumption for 3 months. Each participant received a meter to consume the recommended daily dose of 40g, and can be added to dairy preparations with fruits and porridge, soups, yogurts. The control group (n = 59) received nutritional guidance on lifestyle changes. All were nutritionally evaluated by anthropometry, food consumption and laboratory tests after 03 months. CONDITION: C18.452.584.500 G07.203.300.572 E02.319.310.075 Dyslipidemias, Antiretroviral Therapy, Highly Active, Functional Food. $$$ C18.452.584.500 $$$ G07.203.300.572 $$$ E02.319.310.075 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Glucose levels are expected to be evaluated from biochemical tests in relation to the values prior to the ingestion of the bioactive compound. It is expected a reduction in triglyceride levels evaluated from biochemical tests, in relation to the values prior to the ingestion of the bioactive compound. It is expected to reduce total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol levels assessed from biochemical tests, in relation to the values prior to intake of the bioactive compound. We expect the reduction of waist‐hip ratio and body mass index, measured by anthropometry, comparing the values obtained before and after consumption of the bioactive compound. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary outcomes are not expected. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Having aged 18 years or more$$$ being on ART using or not lipid‐lowering or hypoglycemic medications$$$ perform laboratory tests according to request and control medical$$$ participate from beginning to end of study and having signed the Term of Free and Informed.
Pre-meal low-dose whey protein microgel increases bioavailability of branched chain amino acids in people with type 2 diabetes: a randomised, PBO-controlled crossover study$$$ Background and aims: Whey proteins (WPs) are found in dairy products, and are rich in branched chain amino acids (BCAA) and bioactive peptides. BCAAs are key WP‐ingredients with demonstrated biomodulatory effects, e.g., pancreatic beta‐cell insulin‐stimulatory effects and effects on gastric emptying. We recently reported that a highly‐concentrated low‐dose (10g, 40 Cal) pre‐meal drink (125 mL), generated with novel micelle‐technology (WP microgel [WPM]), ingested 15 min ahead of a pizza‐meal (622 Cal), vs placebo (PBO), reduced the 2h incremental area under the glucose curve (iAUC) by 22%, increased 2h GLP‐1 iAUC by 61% and, delayed 1h gastric emptying with 17%, in 26 people with type 2 diabetes. To better understand the physiologic effects of this novel WPM, we conducted an exploratory analysis of BCAA profiles following a premeal shot of WPM vs PBO. Materials and methods: This single‐intervention crossover study was conducted in 26 individuals with drug‐naïve or metformin‐treated type 2 diabetes who received 10g WPM (40 kcal) or PBO (0 kcal), provided as a 125 mL shot 15 min ahead of a 250 g pizza meal (622 kcal [29.0 g protein, 22.6 g fat, 72.6 g carbohydrates]). We analyzed 2h free plasma BCAA trajectories using high‐performance liquid chromatography/mass spectrometry in 25 persons with available samples (mean age 62 yrs, HbA1c 58 mmol/ mol /7.5%, BMI 29 kg/m2 ) that completed this single dose study. Results: The pre‐meal WPM drink significantly altered the BCAA trajectory vs. PBO (Figure). For leucine, ΔiAUCWPM vs PBO increased by 267%, with a shorter time to maximum (median ΔTmax [min, max]: ‐ 60 [‐120,0] min, p<0.0001), and peak concentration (mean ΔCmax [SD]: 123 [49] umol/L, p<0.0001). A similar pattern was seen for isoleucine (ΔiAUC +240%, ΔTmax: ‐60 [‐120,0], p<0.0001, ΔCmax: 68 [3], p<0.0001) and valine (ΔiAUC +194%, ΔTmax: ‐60 [‐120, 30], p < 0.0001, ΔCmax: 63 [38], p<0.0001). Conclusion: We conclude that 10g WPM as a pre‐meal drink, induced a rapid plasma increase, and high bioavailibilty, of BCAAs in people with type 2 diabetes. The rapid BCAA availability might be a likely factor for the metabolic modulatory effects observed with WPM. (Figure Presented).
Protection from gastrointestinal diseases with the use of probiotics$$$ Probiotics are nonpathogenic microorganisms that, when ingested, exert a positive influence on the health or physiology of the host. They can influence intestinal physiology either directly or indirectly through modulation of the endogenous ecosystem or immune system. The results that have been shown with a sufficient level of proof to enable probiotics to be used as treatments for gastrointestinal disturbances are 1) the good tolerance of yogurt compared with milk in subjects with primary or secondary lactose maldigestion, 2) the use of Saccharomyces boulardii and Enterococcus faecium SF 68 to prevent or shorten the duration of antibiotic‐associated diarrhea, 3) the use of S. boulardii to prevent further recurrence of Clostridium difficile‐associated diarrhea, and 4) the use of fermented milks containing Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG to shorten the duration of diarrhea in infants with rotavirus enteritis (and probably also in gastroenteritis of other causes). Effects that are otherwise suggested for diverse probiotics include alleviation of diarrhea of miscellaneous causes$$$ prophylaxis of gastrointestinal infections, which includes traveler's diarrhea$$$ and immunomodulation. Trials of gastrointestinal diseases that involve the ecosystem are currently being performed, eg, Helicobacter pylori infections, inflammatory bowel disease, and colon cancer.
Effects of a healthy Nordic diet on cardiovascular risk factors in hypercholesterolaemic subjects: a randomized controlled trial (NORDIET)$$$ OBJECTIVE: the aim of this study was to investigate the effects of a healthy Nordic diet (ND) on cardiovascular risk factors. DESIGN AND SUBJECTS: in a randomized controlled trial (NORDIET) conducted in Sweden, 88 mildly hypercholesterolaemic subjects were randomly assigned to an ad libitum ND or control diet (subjects' usual Western diet) for 6 weeks. Participants in the ND group were provided with all meals and foods. Primary outcome measurements were low‐density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, and secondary outcomes were blood pressure (BP) and insulin sensitivity (fasting insulin and homeostatic model assessment‐insulin resistance). The ND was rich in high‐fibre plant foods, fruits, berries, vegetables, whole grains, rapeseed oil, nuts, fish and low‐fat milk products, but low in salt, added sugars and saturated fats. RESULTS: the ND contained 27%, 52%, 19% and 2% of energy from fat, carbohydrate, protein and alcohol, respectively. In total, 86 of 88 subjects randomly assigned to diet completed the study. Compared with controls, there was a decrease in plasma cholesterol (‐16%, P < 0.001), LDL cholesterol (‐21%, P < 0.001), high‐density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol (‐5%, P < 0.01), LDL/HDL (‐14%, P < 0.01) and apolipoprotein (apo)B/apoA1 (‐1%, P < 0.05) in the ND group. The ND reduced insulin (‐9%, P = 0.01) and systolic BP by ‐6.6 ± 13.2 mmHg (‐5%, P < 0.05) compared with the control diet. Despite the ad libitum nature of the ND, body weight decreased after 6 weeks in the ND compared with the control group (‐4%, P < 0.001). After adjustment for weight change, the significant differences between groups remained for blood lipids, but not for insulin sensitivity or BP. There were no significant differences in diastolic BP or triglyceride or glucose concentrations. CONCLUSIONS: a healthy ND improves blood lipid profile and insulin sensitivity and lowers blood pressure at clinically relevant levels in hypercholesterolaemic subjects.
Effects of dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor linagliptin versus sulphonylurea glimepiride on systemic haemodynamics in overweight patients with type 2 diabetes: a secondary analysis of an 8-week, randomized, controlled, double-blind trial$$$ Aim: To determine the glucose‐independent effect of the dipeptidyl peptidase‐4 (DPP‐4) inhibitor linagliptin versus the sulphonylurea glimepiride on systemic haemodynamics in the fasting and postprandial state in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D). Materials and Methods: In this prespecified secondary analysis of a phase IV, double‐blind trial, 46 metformin‐treated, overweight patients with T2D were included and randomly assigned (1:1) to once‐daily linagliptin (5 mg) or glimepiride (1 mg) for 8 weeks. In a sub‐study involving 26 patients, systemic haemodynamics were also assessed following a standardized liquid meal (Nutridrink Yoghurt style). Systemic haemodynamics (oscillometric device and finger photoplethysmography), arterial stiffness (applanation tonometry) and cardiac sympathovagal balance (heart rate variability [HRV]) were measured in the fasting state and repetitively following the meal. Ewing tests were performed in the fasting state. Results: From baseline to week 8, linagliptin compared with glimepiride did not affect systemic haemodynamics, arterial stiffness or HRV in the fasting state. Linagliptin increased parasympathetic nervous activity, as measured by the Valsalva manoeuvre (P =.021) and deep breathing test (P =.027) compared with glimepiride. Postprandially, systolic blood pressure (SBP) dropped an average of 7.6 ± 1.6 mmHg. Linagliptin reduced this decrease to 0.7 ± 2.3 mmHg, which was significant to glimepiride (P =.010). Conclusions: When compared with glimepiride, linagliptin does not affect fasting blood pressure. However, linagliptin blunted the postprandial drop in SBP, which could benefit patients with postprandial hypotension.
Low-fat yogurt consumption maintains biomarkers of immune function relative to nondairy control food in women with elevated BMI: a randomized controlled crossover trial$$$ Yogurt consumption may help reduce chronic inflammation associated with obesity. However, the underlying mechanism(s) by which yogurt consumption modulates the immune system have not been validated in human intervention studies. We hypothesized that 4‐week yogurt consumption (12 oz/day) attenuates systemic inflammation by modulating the proportion of circulating T helper (Th) 17 and regulatory T (Treg) cells in adult women with elevated body mass index (BMI). To test the hypothesis, we conducted a randomized crossover dietary intervention study consisted of a 4‐week dietary intervention in which participants consumed 12 oz of either low‐fat dairy yogurt or a soy pudding control snack per day, with a 4‐week washout between treatments. Thirty‐nine healthy adult women with a BMI between 25 and 40 kg/m2 were enrolled and 20 completed the study. Changes in the biometrics, circulating T cells, and markers of systemic and colonic inflammation were assessed between the 2 treatment groups, as well as 24‐hour diet recalls were conducted at baseline and following each treatment. The primary study outcome, the change in the proportion of circulating Th17 cells, was unaffected by the treatments. Secondary outcome measures, circulating Treg, Th17, and markers of chronic inflammation, were maintained by yogurt treatment, whereas circulating Treg was increased and interleukin‐10 was reduced by control snack treatment. However, circulating Treg changes were not associated with changes to other biomarkers of inflammation, implying other immune cells and/or tissues may mediate circulating biomarkers of chronic inflammation. This study was approved by the University of Wisconsin‐Madison institutional review board and registered at ClinicalTrials.gov NCT04149418.
Effects of medium-chain saturated dairy fat on the body composition of abdominal obese subjects (DairyHealth): a 12-week, randomised, double-blinded, intervention study$$$ Background and aims: Obesity, reduced insulin sensitivity and hypertension are important risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) and type 2 diabetes (T2D). These risk factors are influenced by the dietary behavior. Thus the consumption of dairy products e.g. whey protein and medium‐chain saturated fatty acids (MC‐SFA) may have a beneficial impact. Materials and methods: We conducted a 12‐week randomized, doubleblinded, parallel controlled, diet intervention study in 63 abdominal obese subjects. Subjects were randomized into one of four diets in a 2×2 factorial square design: 60 g/day of whey or casein combined with 63 g/day of milk fat with either high (8.5 g/day) or low content of MC‐SFA (6.9 g/day). Body composition was assessed by dual‐energy x‐ray absorption scan at baseline and after intervention. We estimated insulin sensitivity using the homeostatic model assessment (HOMA‐IR) and the Matsuda Index. In addition, diurnal blood pressure (24‐h BP) was measured. Twoway ANOVA analysis was used to examine the difference between the whey and casein supplementation and between the high and low MCSFA supplementation, as well as to elucidate potential interactions between the protein and the MC‐SFA. Results: Fifty‐two subjects completed the intervention. We found that lean body mass increased by 981 g (95%CI: 248, 1713$$$ p=0.010) by the diet supplemented with milk fat high rather than low in MC‐SFA, whereas total body fat percentage was lowered by 0.70% (95%CI: 0.10, 1.31$$$ p=0.024). These changes were independent of the protein type.We found no difference in HOMA‐IR, the Matsuda Index, glycated hemoglobin, or 24‐h BP between protein type or fat composition. Conclusion: In conclusion, supplementation with milk fat enriched in MC‐SFA via a feasible cattle feeding regimen resulted in increased lean body mass and lower total body fat percentage in abdominal obese subjects underlining the importance of the fat quality in dairy products.
Positive dietary traits among hispanic women with or at risk for type 2 diabetes$$$ Background: The diet of Hispanic women with or at‐risk for type 2 diabetes has not been thoroughly characterized, particularly when focusing on the traits that may help with diabetes prevention/control. Objective: Describe favorable diet characteristics of Hispanic women with or at‐risk for type 2 diabetes enrolled in De Por Vida, a culturally‐tailored weight loss intervention. Methods: Overweight/obese Hispanic women (n=199$$$ age = 43.7±10.1 y$$$ weight = 86.6±16.4 kg$$$ BMI = 36.4±6.4 kg/m2) completed the Southwestern Food Frequency Questionnaire to assess dietary data reflecting the prior 3 months of intake before randomization to the intervention. Results: Mean reported daily energy intake was 1650±902 kcal. Mean carbohydrate intake was 218±116 g, of which 24±12 g were fiber, corresponding to 101±52% DRI. Most participants reported consuming dairy (1.2±1.2 servings/ day of milk, n=190$$$ 0.4±0.5 servings/day of cheese, n=182)$$$ eggs (0.4±0.4 servings/ day, n=173)$$$ beans, nuts and seeds (0.8±0.7 servings/day, n=197), whole fruit (2.7±2.5 servings/day, n=197), vegetables (4.5±3.1 servings/day, n=198), and fish (0.2±0.2 servings/day, n=172). Few participants reported intake of fruit juice (0.3±0.4 servings/day, n=60) and alcoholic beverages (0.1±0.1 servings/ day$$$ n=38). Other beverages (6.0±2.3 servings/day, n=198) provided 66±124 kcal (14±29 g sugars). Less than 40% of total sugars (84±59 g) were added sugars (33±34 g$$$ 8% of total energy). Sugars, solid fats, and alcohol provided 22% of total energy. Although most participants reported consuming cakes/ cookies/pastries (n=175) and candy/sweets (n=176), mean servings/day were 0.5±0.5 (77±79 kcal) and 0.5±0.6 (51±54 kcal), respectively. Conclusions: De Por Vida participants reported adequate intakes of important food groups and nutrients including vegetables, whole fruit and fiber, and relatively limited intake of added sugars. These dietary traits should be promoted when providing dietary counseling to this subgroup of the population.
Addition of milk products in the diet of overweight subjects has small effects on metabolic variables$$$ Aims: Epidemiological studies have suggested an inverse relation between intake of dairy products and components of the metabolic syndrome. The aim of the present study was to investigate the effects of introducing dairy products into the diet of subjects who habitually consume a low amount of dairy products on body composition and disorders related to the metabolic syndrome. Methods: Middle‐aged subjects (n=120) with risk factors of the metabolic syndrome were recruited in Finland, Norway and Sweden. The subjects were randomised into Milk and Control groups for the 6‐month study. The Milk group was instructed to include 3‐5 portions of dairy products daily in their diet. The Control group continued their ordinary diet with a low intake of dairy products. Anthropometric, clinical and laboratory analyses were conducted in the beginning and end of the study. Results: There was a modest increase in serum cholesterol levels during the Milk period (p=0.042), associated with increased intake of milk fat. The HOMA index, a marker of insulin resistance, was decreased in the Milk group (p=0.037). Leptin increased only in women during the Milk period (p=0.045) and a significant decrease in VCAM (p=0.001) was also seen only among women during the same period. No significant differences between groups were seen in body composition, blood pressure, markers of inflammation (IL‐6, CRP, TNFalpha, complement C3 and C4), endothelial function (vWF, E‐selectin) or adiponectin. Conclusions: This study gives no clear support to the hypothesis that increasing dairy products in the diet beneficially affects aspects of the metabolic syndrome. 3rd International Congress on Prediabetes and the Metabolic Syndrome$$$ 2009 Apr 1‐4$$$ Nice, France
Fasting triglyceridemia influences postprandial endothelial response to a single Mediterranean-type meal compared to a high-saturated fat meal$$$ Endothelial dysfunction is considered a precursor of atherosclerosis and is an independent predictor of cardiovascular events. A high‐saturated fat meal (HSFAM) has been shown to induce postprandial endothelial dysfunction. However, no studies have evaluated the acute endothelial effect of a single mixed Mediterranean‐type meal (MMM). Our objective was to evaluate postprandial endothelial and metabolic function in response to a MMM in comparison to an isocaloric HSFAM and explore the role of baseline triglyceridemia. In this crossover study, 28 healthy non‐smoking males were randomly assigned two isocaloric meals on two separate mornings. The MMM, consisting of salmon, almonds and vegetables baked in olive oil, provided 51% of total calories from fat (7.87g SFA and 2.29g of omega‐3) while the HSFAM, consisting of sausage, egg and cheese sandwich and fried potatoes, provided 58% of total energy from fat (14.78g SFA). Endothelial function was evaluated by brachial artery flow‐mediated dilation (FMD) after a 12‐hour fast (T0) and four hours after consumption of the meals. Fasting and postprandial plasma fatty acid profiles were also evaluated. Postprandial FMD was significantly reduced by the HSFAM (‐2.5±3.6%, p=0.004), while it was not influenced by the MMM (‐1.21±4.6%, ns). Postprandial insulin, AUC TG, TG/HDL and C/HDL were increased to a greater degree in response to the HSFAM. Plasma enrichment in omega‐3 PUFA (EPA, DPA and DHA) at the expanse of SFA (18:0) was observed following the MMM. Furthermore, postprandial FMD was significantly reduced by the HSFAM only among individuals with fasting TG levels above the group median (0.87 mmol/L). A single MMM exerts no deleterious effect on postprandial endothelial function and has a lesser impact on metabolic profile than does a HSFAM. This could be resulting from significant postprandial enrichment in fatty acids with better en‐dothelial properties. Moreover, even slightly elevated but normal fasting triglyceridemia could increase the risk of endothelial injury following a single HSFAM.
Baseline triglyceridemia influences postprandial endothelial response to a single mixed mediterranean-type meal compared to a high-saturated fat meal$$$ BACKGROUND: Endothelial dysfunction is considered a precursor of atherosclerosis and is an independent predictor of car‐diovascular events. A high‐saturated fat meal (HFM) has been shown to induce postprandial endothelial dysfunction. However, no studies have evaluated the acute endothelial effect of a single mixed Mediterranean‐type meal (MMM). Our objective was to evaluate postprandial endothelial and metabolic function in response to a MMM in comparison to an isocaloric HFM and explore the role of baseline triglyceridemia. METHODS: In this crossover study, 28 healthy non‐smoking males were randomly assigned two isocaloric meals on two separate mornings. The MMM (885 kcal) consisted of fresh salmon, almonds and vegetables baked in olive oil providing 51% of total calories from fat (7.87g SFA and 2.29g of ome‐ga‐3, 2:1 DHA:EPA). The HFM (858 kcal) consisted of a McDonald's sausage, egg and cheese McMuffin and three hashbrowns providing 58% of total energy from fat (14.78g SFA and no omega‐3). Endothelial function was evaluated by brachial artery flow‐mediated dilation (FMD) after a 12‐hour fast (T0) and at two (T2) and four (T4) hours after consumption of the test meals. RESULTS: Postprandial FMD (T4) was significantly reduced by the HFM (‐2.5 ±3.6%, p = 0.004), while it was not influenced by the MMM (‐1.21 ±4.6%, ns). Postprandial insulin, AUC TG, TG/HDL and C/HDL were increased to a greater degree in response to the HFM relative to the MMM (meal x time p<0.002). Postprandial FMD (T4) during the HFM was significantly reduced (‐4.5±2.8%, p=0.002 vs baseline) among individuals with higher fasting TG levels (above the group median, 0.90 mmol/L) while it was unchanged among subjects with lower TG levels. Significantly higher postprandial AUC TG in individuals with higher fasting TG levels could explain this observation. CONCLUSION: A single MMM exerts less of a deleterious effect on postprandial endothelial function and metabolic profile than does a HFM. A single MMM could thus be less atherogenic. Moreover, subjects with higher fasting TG levels, but still bellow hypertriglyceridemia thresholds, could be at higher risk of endothelial injury following a single HFM. Analyses of oxidative stress and inflammatory markers are ongoing.
Increased cytokine production by monocytes from human subjects who consumed grape powder was not mediated by differences in dietary intake patterns$$$ Recently, in a randomized, double‐blind crossover study, we reported that consumption of grape powder by obese human subjects increased the production of the proinflammatory cytokines interleukin (IL)‐1β and IL‐6 by peripheral blood monocytes after ex vivo stimulation with bacterial lipopolysaccharide compared with the placebo treatment. We hypothesized that dietary grape powder increased the production of these cytokines by stimulated monocytes. To test this hypothesis, we used 24‐hour dietary recall data to determine if differences in dietary patterns played a role in increased cytokine production. No differences in total energy, protein, carbohydrates, or fat intake in the diets were observed between the grape powder and placebo intervention periods. There were no differences observed in consumption of meats and poultry, eggs, fish, vegetables, grains, total dairy, or nuts and seeds by the participants between the 2 intervention periods. When participants received the grape powder, the recall data showed decreased intakes of butyric and capric acids (P<.05), and a possible trend toward decreased intake of cheese and total fruit (P<.1). Positive associations between the intakes of margaric acid, butter, total dairy, or whole grain and IL‐6 production were observed (P<.05). However, path analysis showed that total energy, protein, carbohydrates, and fats, and individual fatty acids did not influence the production of cytokines by monocytes. The path analysis indicated that the increased cytokine production by lipopolysaccharide‐stimulated monocytes from obese human subjects was caused by the grape powder and not mediated by differences in dietary intake.
Effect of sugar-sweetened soft drinks on serum uric acid and associated metabolic risk factors$$$ Excess dietary fructose can lead to elevated serum uric acid (SUA) concentrations which could in turn increase the risk of metabolic syndrome. An important source of fructose worldwide is sugar or high fructose corn syrup sweetened beverages (SSBs). SSB intakes have increased in parallel with obesity and type 2 diabetes, and may have displaced milk beverages. Fruit juice, despite containing similar amounts of fructose has not been shown to elevate SUA, while milk may reduce SUA concentrations. The aim of our 8 week, randomised controlled trial was to determine the effects on SUA and metabolic syndrome risk factors of replacing SSBs with non‐sugar sweetened beverages including diet soft drink, orange juice, or low‐fat milk in a relatively insulin resistant population with high habitual SSB intakes (≥500ml/d). Blood and anthropometric data were collected at week 0, 4, and 8. Dietary data and 24‐hour urine samples were collected at week 0 and 8. There were significant reductions in serum uric acid levels in the diet soft drinks, orange juice, and milk groups compared to SSBs (39, 44, & 44μmol/L$$$ p<0.01). C‐reactive protein concentrations were significantly reduced in the juice group but not in the others (‐1.8mg/L$$$ p=0.025). No significant differences were found between interventions for fasting glucose, TAG, or HDL cholesterol concentrations, weight, BMI, blood pressure, or waist circumference. Our findings indicate that reducing SSB intakes by exchanging SSBs for non‐sugar sweetened beverages lowers serum uric acid concentrations, and improves some features of the metabolic syndrome independently of changes in adiposity.
The Effect of Wolffia globosa Mankai, a Green Aquatic Plant, on Postprandial Glycemic Response: a Randomized Crossover Controlled Trial$$$ OBJECTIVE: To compare the postprandial and overnight glycemic response using a novel green aquatic plant thought to provide a dietary source for high‐quality protein, with an iso‐carbohydrate/protein/caloric dairy shake. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This is a randomized controlled crossover trial among 20 abdominally obese participants (age 51.4 years$$$ fasting plasma glucose 110.9 mg/dL), who were allocated to replace dinner with either, first, a green shake containing Wolffia globosa duckweed (Mankai: specific‐strain) or an iso‐carbohydrate/protein/calorie yogurt shake. A 2‐week flash glucose‐monitoring system was used to assess postmeal glucose dynamics (6 net administration days$$$ 97 observation days in total). We further obtained from each participant dietary/daily activity/satiety‐scale/sleep logs. Participants were recruited from the green‐Mediterranean diet arm of the 18‐month Dietary Intervention Randomized Controlled Trial‐Polyphenols Unprocessed (DIRECT‐PLUS) study. RESULTS: Wolffia globosa Mankai elicited a lower postprandial glucose peak compared with yogurt (∆peak = 13.4 ± 9.2 vs. 19.3 ± 15.1 mg/dL$$$ P = 0.044), which occurred later (77.5 ± 29.2 vs. 59.2 ± 28.4 min$$$ P = 0.037) and returned faster to baseline glucose levels (135.8 ± 53.1 vs. 197.5 ± 70.2 min$$$ P = 0.012). The mean post‐net incremental area under the curve (netAUC) was lower with Wolffia globosa up to 60 and 180 min (netAUC 60 min 185.1 ± 340.1 vs. 441.4 ± 336.5 mg/dL/min, P = 0.005$$$ netAUC180 min: 707.9 ± 1,428.5 vs.1,576.6 ± 1,810.1 mg/dL/min, P = 0.037). A Wolffia globosa‐based shake replacing dinner resulted in lower next‐morning fasting glucose levels (83.2 ± 0.8 vs. 86.6 ± 13 mg/dL$$$ P = 0.041). Overall, postprandial glucose levels from the shake administration until the next morning were lower in the Wolffia globosa Mankai green shake compared with the yogurt shake (P < 0.001). Overnight sleep duration was similar (378.2 ± 22.4 vs. 375.9 ± 28.4 min$$$ P = 0.72), and satiety rank was slightly higher for the Wolffia globosa shake compared with the yogurt shake (7.5 vs. 6.5$$$ P = 0.035). CONCLUSIONS: Wolffia globosa Mankai duckweed may serve as an emerging alternative plant protein source with potential beneficial postprandial glycemic effects.
THE EFFECT OF WOLFFIA GLOBOSA DUCKWEED, A GREEN AQUATIC PLANT, ON POSTPRANDIAL GLYCEMIC RESPONSE$$$ A RANDOMIZED CROSSOVER CONTROLLED TRIAL$$$ Rationale: We aimed to compare the postprandial and overnight glycemic response using a novel green aquatic plant thought to provide a dietary source for high‐quality protein, with a dairy shake. Methods: This is a randomized controlled crossover trial among twenty abdominally‐obese participants (age = 51.4years$$$ fasting‐plasma‐glucose = 110.9 mg/dL), who were allocated to replace dinner with either, first, a green shake containing Wolffia globosa duckweed (Mankai:specific‐strain), or an iso‐carbohydrate/protein/calorie yogurt shake. A two‐week flash‐glucose‐monitoring‐system was used to assess post‐meal glucose dynamics. We further obtained from each participant dietary/daily‐activity/satiety‐scale/sleep logs. Results: Wolffia globosa elicited a lower postprandial glucose peak compared to yogurt (Δpeak = 13.4 mg/dL vs. 19.3 mg/dL$$$ p = 0.044), which occurred later (77.5 min vs. 59.2 min$$$ p = 0.037) and returned faster to baseline glucose levels (135.8 ± 53.1 min vs. 197.5 ± 70.2 min$$$ p = 0.012). The mean post net‐incremental‐area‐under‐the glucose curve (netAUC) was lower with Wolffia globosa up to 60 and 180 minutes (netAUC60min:185.1 ± 340.1 mg/dL*min vs. 441.4 ± 336.5 mg/dL*min$$$ p = 0.005$$$ netAUC180min:707.9 ± 1428.5 mg/dL*min vs.1576.6 ± 1810.1 mg/dL*min$$$ p = 0.037). Wolffia globosa based shake replacing dinner resulted in lower next‐morning fasting glucose levels (83.2 ± 0.8 mg/dL vs. 86.6 ± 13 mg/dL$$$ p = 0.041). Overall, postprandial glucose levels from the shake administration until the next morning were lower in the Wolffia globosa green shake compared to the yogurt shake (p < 0.001). Conclusions: Wolffia globosa duckweed, naturally rich in dietary fibers and polyphenols, may serve as an emerging alternative plant protein source with potential beneficial postprandial glycemic effects.
Effects of Two Different Dietary Patterns on Inflammatory Markers, Advanced Glycation End Products and Lipids in Subjects without Type 2 Diabetes: a Randomised Crossover Study$$$ Epidemiological studies suggest that consumption of red and processed meat and refined grains are associated with type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome and increased inflammatory and fibrinolytic markers. We hypothesised that a diet high in red and processed meat and refined grains (HMD) would increase inflammatory markers and advanced glycation end products (AGEs) compared with a diet high in dairy, whole grains, nuts and legumes (HWD). We performed a randomised crossover study of two four‐week interventions in 51 participants without type 2 diabetes (15 men and 36 women aged 35.1 ± 15.6 years$$$ body mass index: 27.7 ± 6.9 kg/m²). No baseline measurements were performed. Plasma fluorescent AGEs, carboxymethyllysine, glucose, insulin, lipids, hs‐CRP, interleukin 6 (IL‐6) and plasminogen activator inhibitor‐1 (PAI‐1) were analysed after four weeks on each diet. IL‐6, hs‐CRP, AGEs and carboxymethyllysine were not different between diets but PAI‐1 was higher after the HMD than after HWD ((median and interquartile range) 158, 81 vs. 121, 53 ng/mL p < 0.001). PAI‐1 on the HWD diet was inversely correlated with whole grains intake (p = 0.007). PAI‐1 was inversely correlated with insulin sensitivity index (r = ‐0.45$$$ p = 0.001) and positively correlated with serum total cholesterol (r = 0.35$$$ p = 0.012) and serum triglyceride (r = 0.32$$$ p = 0.021) on HMD. This trial was registered with the Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry (ACTRN12614000519651).
Associations between dairy protein intake and body weight and risk markers of diabetes and CVD during weight maintenance$$$ Dairy products have previously been reported to be associated with beneficial effects on body weight and metabolic risk markers. Moreover, primary data from the Diet, Obesity and Genes (DiOGenes) study indicate a weight‐maintaining effect of a high‐protein‐low‐glycaemic index diet. The objective of the present study was to examine putative associations between consumption of dairy proteins and changes in body weight and metabolic risk markers after weight loss in obese and overweight adults. Results were based on secondary analyses of data obtained from overweight and obese adults who completed the DiOGenes study. The study consisted of an 8‐week weight‐loss phase and a 6‐month weight‐maintenance (WM) phase, where the subjects were given five different diets varying in protein content and glycaemic index. In the present study, data obtained from all the subjects were pooled. Dairy protein intake was estimated from 3 d dietary records at two time points (week 4 and week 26) during the WM phase. Body weight and metabolic risk markers were determined at baseline (week ‐9 to ‐11) and before and at the end of the WM phase (week 0 and week 26). Overall, no significant associations were found between consumption of dairy proteins and changes in body weight and metabolic risk markers. However, dairy protein intake tended to be negatively associated with body weight gain (P=0·08$$$ β=‐0·17), but this was not persistent when controlled for total protein intake, which indicates that dairy protein adds no additional effect to the effect of total protein. Therefore, the present study does not report that dairy proteins are more favourable than other proteins for body weight regulation.
Yoga and Cardiovascular risk reduction$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Yoga based lifestyle intervention : 3 years Yoga‐based lifestyle intervention has been designed towards reduction of cardiovascular risk. A 45 minutes intervention module would be delivered for 5 days a week, for 12 months under supervision of a certified yoga instructor, followed by tele‐yoga practice for next 12 months, further followed by home‐based self‐practice in the 3rd year. Overall, the components of the intervention are: Preparatory (6 min), Surya namaskar (5 min), physical postures (10 min), cleansing techniques (3 min), voluntarily regulated breathing (9 min), meditation (10 min), resolve (1 min). Along with yoga, there would be a component of dietetic counseling, wherein subjects would be advised to inculcate modifications in their dietary regime, following the guidelines of JACC Health Promotion Series, diets high in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, nuts, and legumes$$$ moderate in low‐fat dairy and seafood$$$ and low in processed meats, sugar‐sweetened beverages, refined grains, and sodium. Control Intervention1: Physical activity: 3 years Control arm (Moderate physical activities including Brisk walking and stretching excersises, 45 mins daily, 5 days/week) CONDITION: PRIMARY OUTCOME: The primary outcome would be the 2 years change in ceramide‐predicted coronary, along with improvement in CVH scores and accelerated ageingTimepoint: Baseline, 12 months, 24 months, 36 months SECONDARY OUTCOME: Lipid profile change from baseline (total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, triglycerides, Apolipoproteins B and, TG/HDL‐c)) $$$ Changes in biological age estimated by seven CpG epigenetic clock $$$ Body mass inde X(BMI) change from baseline $$$ Glycemic profile change from baseline (fasting glucose, insulin, HbA1c) $$$ Changes in neurodegenerative indices of ageing, morphometricTimepoint: Baseline, 12 months, 24 months, 36 months INCLUSION CRITERIA: Age 30 to 45 years Both the genders CVH score <8 Being overweight (body mass inde X[BMI] >=25 kg/m2) The simultaneous presence of >=1 of the following criteria defined by the guidelines for cardiovascular disease prevention of the European Society of Cardiology:15 total cholesterol levels >190 mg/dl, low‐density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol levels >115 mg/dL, triglyceride levels >150 mg/dL, and glucose levels >110 but <126 mg/dL Interested and willing to participate in the study Able to perform moderately strenuous yoga asana
Cholesterol-lowering and blood pressure effects of immune milk$$$ The plasma cholesterol‐lowering and blood pressure effects of a skim milk powder (immune milk) produced from dairy cows hyperimmunized with a multivalent bacterial vaccine were assessed in a double‐blind crossover study of hypercholesterolemic subjects who consumed daily 90 g immune milk or a normal product. There was a significant reduction in plasma total and LDL cholesterol of 5.2% (95% CI 2.5, 7.9) and 7.4% (95% CI 4.1, 10.7), respectively, with 10 wk of immune milk consumption compared with control, but no change in HDL cholesterol or triglycerides. A significant systolic and diastolic blood pressure‐lowering effect (5 and 4 mm Hg, respectively) was also demonstrated. Thus, immune milk may be a useful adjunct in the dietary management of hypercholesterolemia and the mechanisms of its cholesterol‐lowering and blood pressure effects warrant further study.
No effect of the type of sugar on whole body or hepatic insulin resistance$$$ The purpose of the present study was to investigate changes in insulin resistance (hepatic and whole body) after ten weeks of daily consumption of different types of sugars. 137 weight‐stable (weight change <3% in previous 30 days) individuals aged 20‐60 years old drank sugar‐sweetened low fat milk every day for 10 weeks as part of their usual diet. The amount of milk consumed was individualized for each participant based on the estimated number of calories required to maintain body weight (via Miflin St Jeor equation) and random group assignment: Groups 1 and 2 ‐ 9% estimated caloric intake from fructose or glucose respectively added to milk. Groups 3 and 4‐18% of estimated caloric intake from HFCS or sucrose respectively added to the milk, equivalent to the 50th percentile for consumption levels of fructose in the USA. The Matsuda Composite Index (whole body) and a measure of hepatic insulin resistance (AUC30g ∗ AUC30I) were calculated from a standard OGTT. There was a small increase in weight in the entire cohort (163.2 ± 25.9 vs 165.1 ± 27.0, p < 0.001), but there was no effect of the type of sugar consumed. Values for both total body (17.8 ± 14.0 vs 18.3 ± 16.6) and hepatic insulin resistance (1.35 ± 0.86 vs 1.47 ± 1.08) remained normal and unchanged (p > 0.05). These data suggest that short‐term intake of dietary sugars at typical levels does not impair insulin sensitivity. Furthermore, whether or not the sugar contains fructose has no impact on the response.
Determination of glycemic response of Diabetes Specific Nutrition (DSN) Supplement in prediabetic adults$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: DSN Supplement: 60g quantity in 200 ml of water, 4 visits, single dose. 30g quantity, twice in a day for 4 weeks in free‐living conditions. Control Intervention1: Iso‐caloric meal: 28 g of cornflakes in 200ml of toned milk, 4 weeks single dose CONDITION: PRIMARY OUTCOME: To assess the efficacy of DSN supplement and lifestyle counselling versus lifestyle counselling alone on glycemic response in prediabetic adults, as measured by incremental area under the curve (iAUC).Timepoint: Day 1, Day 15, Day 29 and Day 43 SECONDARY OUTCOME: To determine the effect of DSN supplement and lifestyle counselling versus lifestyle counselling alone on fasting plasma glucose (FPG) in adults with prediabetes.Timepoint: Day 1, Day 15, Day 29 and Day 43 To determine the effect of DSN supplement and lifestyle counselling versus lifestyle counselling alone on glycemic variability (GV) percentage.Timepoint: Day 1 to Day 14 $$$ Day 29 to Day 42 $$$ To determine the effect of DSN supplement and lifestyle counselling versus lifestyle counselling alone on mean amplitude of glycemic excursions (MAGE).Timepoint: Day 1 to Day 14 $$$ Day 29 to Day 42 To determine the effect of DSN supplement and lifestyle counselling versus lifestyle counselling alone on mean glucose levels in adults with prediabetes.Timepoint: Day 1 to Day 14 $$$ Day 29 to Day 42 $$$ To determine the effect of DSN supplement and lifestyle counselling versus lifestyle counselling alone on percentage change in Time in Range (TIR).Timepoint: Day 1 to Day 14 $$$ Day 29 to Day 42 To determine the effect of DSN supplement and lifestyle counselling versus lifestyle counselling alone through calculating change in e‐HbA1C.Timepoint: Day 1 to Day 14 $$$ Day 29 to Day 42 To observe the effect of DSN supplement and lifestyle counselling versus lifestyle counselling alone on change in anthropometric measures such as weight, BMI, waist circumferenceTimepoint: Day 0 and Day 42 To observe the effect of DSN supplement and lifestyle counselling versus lifestyle counselling alone on change in blood pressure.Timepoint: Day 0 and Day 42 To observe the effect of DSN supplement and lifestyle counselling versus lifestyle counselling alone on change in body fat percentage.Timepoint: Day 0 and Day 42 To observe the effect of DSN supplement and lifestyle counselling versus lifestyle counselling alone on change in skeletal mass.Timepoint: Day 0 and Day 42 INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) Age: 30 to 65 years (both inclusive) at the time of consent 2) Sex: Male and non‐pregnant/non‐lactating female. 3) Prediabetic subject having HbA1C â?¥ 5.7% and â?¤ 6.4%.
Topical treatment with human leukocyte interferon of HPV 16 infections associated with cervical and vaginal intraepithelial neoplasias$$$ The present placebo‐controlled, double‐blind trial was designed to determine the effect of potent human leukocyte interferon cream (IFN) on genital HPV 16 (high‐risk‐type) infections associated with cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN) and/or vaginal intraepithelial neoplasia (VAIN). Twenty women were treated with either IFN or placebo cream. The daily dose of IFN was 9 x 10(6) IU. The patients applied the cream deep into the vagina every night for 2‐week courses 1 week apart. The entire treatment period was 12 months. On the basis of colposcopical, cytological, and histological examinations, 4 of 9 patients in the IFN group and 7 of 10 patients in the placebo group showed clinical remissions at the end of the trial. However, the virological studies gave a different picture. After treatment, 6 of 9 in the IFN group and 3 of 10 in the placebo group were HPV 16 DNA negative (in situ hybridization). All four patients in remission after IFN were HPV 16 DNA negative, whereas 4 of 7 patients in remission after placebo were still HPV 16 DNA positive. One patient treated with placebo showed progression$$$ no patient in the IFN group showed progression. During the post‐treatment follow‐up of 16 months, no recurrences were noted in the IFN group, as compared with 2 of 10 in the placebo group. These results showed a marked discrepancy between clinical evaluation (colposcopy, Pap smear, biopsy) and virological findings. Further studies are needed to clarify the prognostic value of the different evaluation criteria. It is encouraging that the high‐risk HPV 16 infection was eradicated in two‐thirds of the patients treated with topical IFN.
Dairy milk, regardless of fat content, protects against postprandial hyperglycemia-mediated impairments in vascular endothelial function in adults with prediabetes by limiting oxidative stress responses that reduce nitric oxide bioavailability$$$ Postprandial hyperglycemia (PPH) transiently impairs vascular endothelial function (VEF) in an oxidative‐stress‐dependent manner by decreasing nitric oxide (NO•) bioavailability. Dairy milk, regardless of fat content, attenuates PPH, but whether this improves VEF by limiting oxidative stress responses that otherwise decrease NO• bioavailability is not known. We hypothesized that nonfat and full‐fat dairy milk would similarly improve VEF by attenuating PPH‐induced oxidative stress that otherwise decreases NO• biosynthesis and bioavailability. A randomized, crossover trial was conducted in adults with prediabetes (n=22) who ingested glucose (75 g) dissolved in 473 ml of water (GLU), or glucose with an equal volume of nonfat dairy milk (NFM) or full‐fat dairy milk (FFM). Prior to and at 30‐min intervals for 180 min postprandially, we assessed brachial artery flow‐mediated dilation (FMD) and measured circulating biomarkers of glycemic control, oxidative stress and NO• homeostasis. AUC0‐180 min for FMD and NO• metabolites was lowest in GLU but relatively greater in NFM and FFM. Compared with GLU, AUCs for glucose, malondialdehyde, F2‐isoprostanes and endothelin‐1 were similarly lower in dairy trials. Milk‐mediated vasoprotection was accompanied by greater levels of plasma arginine and lower levels of asymmetric dimethylarginine and symmetric dimethylarginine. Postprandial insulin, lipids and tetrahydrobiopterin redox status did not differ among trials. Thus, dairy milk, regardless of its fat content, attenuates PPH‐mediated impairments in VEF by limiting oxidative stress. This improves NO• bioavailability to the vascular endothelium by increasing arginine availability and limiting competitive inhibition on NO• biosynthesis by asymmetric dimethylarginine.
A combination of (ω-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids, polyphenols and L-carnitine reduces the plasma lipid levels and increases the expression of genes involved in fatty acid oxidation in human peripheral blood mononuclear cells and HepG2 cells$$$ BACKGROUND: Hyperlipidemia and obesity are associated with metabolic syndrome and increased risk in developing diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Nutritional supplements, e.g. L‐carnitine and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), exert lipid‐lowering effects. Hence, the hypothesis that dietetic intervention reduces plasma lipid levels and metabolic enzymes in overweight hyperlipidemic subjects was tested. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: In a prospective placebo‐controlled double‐blind study in 22 moderately hyperlipidemic obese humans consuming low‐fat yoghurt enriched with a combination of low‐dose PUFAs, polyphenols and L‐carnitine (PPC) twice a day for 12 weeks were compared to 20 matching participants ingesting low‐fat yoghurt. The effects on plasma lipids and expression of enzymes involved in regulation of fatty acid oxidation in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) and HepG2 cells were evaluated. RESULTS: PPC consumption led to significantly reduced plasma free fatty acid (‐29%) and triglyceride (‐24%) concentrations (each p < 0.05). PPC application increased significantly peroxisome proliferator‐activated receptor α (PPARα) mRNA abundances and those of PPARα target genes (carnitine palmitoyltransferases‐1, CPT1A and CPT1B, carnitine acetyltransferase and organic cation transporter 2$$$ each p < 0.05) in PBMCs. In controls, plasma lipid levels and PBMC gene expression did not change. These findings were substantiated by the results of cell culture experiments in HepG2 cells. CONCLUSION: Supplementation of PPC had marked lipid‐lowering effects and PBMC gene expression profiles seemed to reflect nutrition‐related metabolic changes.
A combination of (ω-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids, polyphenols and L-carnitine reduces the plasma lipid levels and increases the expression of genes involved in fatty acid oxidation in human peripheral blood mononuclear cells and HepG2 cells$$$ BACKGROUND: Hyperlipidemia and obesity are associated with metabolic syndrome and increased risk in developing diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Nutritional supplements, e.g. L‐carnitine and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), exert lipid‐lowering effects. Hence, the hypothesis that dietetic intervention reduces plasma lipid levels and metabolic enzymes in overweight hyperlipidemic subjects was tested. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: In a prospective placebo‐controlled double‐blind study in 22 moderately hyperlipidemic obese humans consuming low‐fat yoghurt enriched with a combination of low‐dose PUFAs, polyphenols and L‐carnitine (PPC) twice a day for 12 weeks were compared to 20 matching participants ingesting low‐fat yoghurt. The effects on plasma lipids and expression of enzymes involved in regulation of fatty acid oxidation in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) and HepG2 cells were evaluated. RESULTS: PPC consumption led to significantly reduced plasma free fatty acid (‐29%) and triglyceride (‐24%) concentrations (each p < 0.05). PPC application increased significantly peroxisome proliferator‐activated receptor α (PPARα) mRNA abundances and those of PPARα target genes (carnitine palmitoyltransferases‐1, CPT1A and CPT1B, carnitine acetyltransferase and organic cation transporter 2$$$ each p < 0.05) in PBMCs. In controls, plasma lipid levels and PBMC gene expression did not change. These findings were substantiated by the results of cell culture experiments in HepG2 cells. CONCLUSION: Supplementation of PPC had marked lipid‐lowering effects and PBMC gene expression profiles seemed to reflect nutrition‐related metabolic changes.
Efficacy of Olibra: a 12-week randomized controlled trial and a review of earlier studies$$$ BACKGROUND: Intervention strategies that harness the body's appetite and satiety regulating signals provide a means of countering excessive energy intake. METHODS: Eighty‐two subjects were enrolled (18‐60 years, body mass index: 25‐40 kg/m(2)) in a randomized, placebo‐controlled, double‐blind, parallel trial. During a 12‐week period, the effects of Olibra™ fat emulsion (2.1 g twice daily) on food intake, appetite, satiety, weight, and body composition were compared with those of a twice daily administered placebo (1.95 g milk fat). On days ‐7, 0, and 28, Olibra or the placebo added to 200 g of yogurt was served at breakfast and lunch. Food intake, appetite, and satiety were assessed after lunch and dinner. Body weight was measured on days ‐7, 0, 14, 28, 56, and 84. Body fat, waist circumference, and waist‐hip ratio were determined on days 0 and 84. The Eating Inventory was administered at screening and on day 28. Data relating to 71 subjects were analyzed using analysis of covariance. RESULTS: At 12 weeks, body weight was reduced in the test group (2.17 ± 0.46 kg standard error of the mean, p < .0001) and the control group (1.68 ± 0.42 kg, p < .0001). Waist circumference decreased by 2.93 ± 0.85 cm in the test group (p = .001) and by 1.78 ± 0.74 cm in the control group (p = .02). Differential weight and waist circumference reductions were not significant. Hunger scores (Eating Inventory) decreased more in the test group (p = .0082). Differential group effects were not significant for body fat, waist‐hip ratio, food intake, appetite, and satiety. CONCLUSIONS: At this dose, Olibra did not exert a consistent effect on food intake, appetite regulation, body weight, or body composition.
Postprandial muscle protein synthesis is higher after a high whey protein, leucine-enriched supplement than after a dairy-like product in healthy older people: a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Decreased ability of muscles to respond to anabolic stimuli is part of the underlying mechanism for muscle loss with aging. Previous studies suggest that substantial amounts of essential amino acids (EAA), whey protein and leucine are beneficial for stimulation of acute muscle protein synthesis in older adults. However, these studies supplied only proteins, and no bolus studies have been done with dairy products or supplements that contained also fat and carbohydrates besides proteins. The aim of this study was to evaluate whether a specifically designed nutritional supplement in older adults stimulates muscle protein synthesis acutely to a greater extent than a conventional dairy product. Moreover, the combined effect with resistance exercise was studied by using a unilateral resistance exercise protocol. METHODS: Utilizing a randomized, controlled, double blind study design, healthy older adults received a single bolus of a high whey protein, leucine‐enriched supplement (EXP: 20 g whey protein, 3g total leucine, 150 kcal$$$ n = 9) or an iso‐caloric milk protein control ( CONTROL: 6g milk protein$$$ n = 10), immediately after unilateral resistance exercise. Postprandial mixed muscle protein fractional synthesis rate (FSR) was measured over 4h using a tracer infusion protocol with L‐[ring‐¹³C₆]‐phenylalanine and regular blood and muscle sampling. RESULTS: FSR was significantly higher overall after EXP (0.0780 ± 0.0070%/h) vs CONTROL (0.0574 ± 0.0066%/h (EMM ± SE)) (p = 0.049). No interaction between treatment and exercise was observed (p = 0.519). Higher postprandial concentrations of EAA and leucine are possible mediating factors for the FSR response, while plasma insulin increase did not dictate the FSR response. Moreover, when the protein intake from the supplements was expressed per kg leg lean mass (LLM), a significant correlation was observed with resting postprandial FSR (r = 0.48, P = 0.038). CONCLUSIONS: Ingestion of a high whey protein, leucine‐enriched supplement resulted in a larger overall postprandial muscle protein synthesis rate in healthy older subjects compared with a conventional dairy product. This acute effect is promising for long‐term effects on parameters of muscle mass, strength and function in sarcopenic older people, which requires further study. TRIAL REGISTRATION: This trial is registered in the Dutch Trial Register under number NTR1823.
The Ingestion of a Fructose-Containing Beverage Combined with Fat Cream Exacerbates Postprandial Lipidemia in Young Healthy Women$$$ Aim: To investigate the acute effects of the ingestion of a fructose‐containing beverage combined with fat on postprandial lipoprotein metabolism. Methods: Twelve young healthy Japanese women with apolipoprotein E phenotype 3/3 were enrolled in this study. At each of four sessions, the subjects ingested one of four sugar beverages containing fructose and/or glucose (total: 0.5 g/kg body weight) combined with OFTT cream (1 g/kg, 0.35 g/kg as fat) in a randomized crossover design. The four sugar beverages were as follows: 100% (w/w) fructose (F100), 90% fructose+10% glucose (F90G10), 55% fructose+45% glucose (F55G45) and 100% glucose (G100). Venous blood samples were obtained at baseline and 0.5, one, two, four and six hours after ingestion. Results: The serum concentrations of TG in the F100, F90G10 and F55G45 trials were significantly higher than each fasting value at two and four hours, and returned to baseline at six hours, except in the F100 trial. The concentrations at four hours and the incremental areas under the curve for the hepatic triglyceride‐rich lipoprotein‐triglyceride (VLDL‐TGTM) levels in the F100 and F90G10 trials were significantly higher and larger, respectively, than those observed in the G100 trial. Meanwhile, the concentrations of RLP‐TG and apolipoprotein B‐48 peaked at two hours in the G100 trial, versus four hours in the other trials, and did not return to baseline at six hours, except in the G100 trial. At four hours, the apoB48 tended to be higher in the F100 trial than in the G100 trial. Conclusions: The ingestion of a high‐fructose‐containing beverage with fat cream delays the clearance of chylomicron and its remnant derived from the intestine and enhances the secretion of triglyceride‐ rich lipoprotein particles from the liver, thereby inducing postprandial lipidemia, even in young healthy women.
The effects of dairy products (cheese) on cognitive function in community-dwelling elderly Japanese people$$$ Inclusion criteria: Community‐dwelling elderly women over 70 years of age, MMSE score over 23 and less than 27, plasma BDNF levels within +/‐ 2 standard deviations of the sample mean Exclusion criteria: Women with regular habits of eating cheese (over 7 pieces/slices of cheese per week), allergies to dairy or lactose intolerance, blood pressure above 160/100mmHg, chronic kidney disease, diabetes, and whomever the principal investigator or other doctor deems unfit to participate in the trial. Intervention type:BEHAVIOUR. Intervention1:Camembert Cheese, Dose form:NOT APPLICABLE, Route of administration:ORAL, intended dose regimen:Daily, twice per day, two pieces per day for 3 months. Control intervention1:Mozarella cheese, Dose form:NOT APPLICABLE, Route of administration:ORAL, Intended dose regimen:Daily, twice per day, two pieces per day for 3 months. Biomarker of cognitive function. Timepoint:Pre‐ and post‐intervention. Cognitive function, blood components, physical function, anthropometry and body composition, interview survey. Timepoint: Pre‐ and post‐intervention.
A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, clinical trial on probiotic soy milk and soy milk: effects on epigenetics and oxidative stress in patients with type II diabetes$$$ This clinical trial aimed to discover the effects of probiotic soy milk and soy milk on MLH1 and MSH2 promoter methylation, and oxidative stress among type II diabetic patients. Forty patients with type II diabetes mellitus aged 35–68 years were assigned to two groups in this randomized, double‐blind, controlled clinical trial. Patients in the intervention group consumed 200 ml/day of probiotic soy milk containing Lactobacillus plantarum A7, while those in the control group consumed 200 ml/d of conventional soy milk for 8 weeks. Fasting blood samples, anthropometric measurements, and 24‐h dietary recalls were collected at the baseline and at the end of the study, respectively. Probiotic soy milk significantly decreased promoter methylation in proximal and distal MLH1 promoter region (P < 0.01 and P < 0.0001, respectively) compared with the baseline values, while plasma concentration of 8‐hydroxy‐2′‐deoxyguanosine (8‐OHdG) decreased significantly compared with soy milk (P < 0.05). In addition, a significant increase in superoxide dismutase (SOD) activity was observed in probiotic soy milk group compared with baseline value (P < 0.01). There were no significant changes from baseline in the promoter methylation of MSH2 within either group (P > 0.05). The consumption of probiotic soy milk improved antioxidant status in type II diabetic patients and may decrease promoter methylation among these patients, indicating that probiotic soy milk is a promising agent for diabetes management.
Milk production in mothers with and without signs of insulin resistance$$$ Maternal obesity is associated with shortened breastfeeding duration. Insulin resistance is a physiologic hallmark of obesity and may underlie lactation difficulties in obese and other insulin resistant mothers. Our objective is to compare 24‐hour milk production in mothers with signs of insulin resistance (IR) versus those without. We examined baseline data from the MALMS study, a randomized placebo‐controlled trial of metformin to augment low milk supply. Baseline eligibility includes: mother 1‐8 weeks postpartum, healthy term infant that is currently requiring formula supplement to achieve sufficient growth, but mother has strong desire to improve breast milk production. Mothers fitting this description were referred to the study by area health care providers. At baseline, all women complete a weighed record of milk production over 24 hours and undergo evaluation for trial eligibility, including the following signs of IR: fasting plasma glucose ≥ 95 mg/dL, abdominal obesity, recent gestational diabetes, or polycystic ovary syndrome. We compared relative ranking of baseline 24‐hour milk production in IR versus no IR groups, and then in obese versus non‐obese groups, with the Wilcoxon test. Of 48 women who completed baseline measurements, 33 (69%) exhibited signs of IR. Mean age (±SD) of mother (31±5 years) and infant (4±2 weeks) did not differ between groups, but BMI was significantly higher in the IR group (36.9z±7.9 versus 25.4±3.6 kg/m2, P<0.001). Relative ranking of milk production was significantly lower in IR versus no‐IR: Median [interquartile range], 216[158‐332] versus 377[294‐598], P=0.004. Differences were less pronounced when milk output rankings were compared for obese versus non‐obese, P=0.05. While suboptimal lactation management may have contributed to low production at Baseline in some participants, our results point to an additional deficit associated with IR.
Aminolevulinic acid: pharmacological profile and clinical indication$$$ The role of aminolevulinic acid hydrochloride (ALA) in photodynamic therapy (PDT) of in situ neoplasias and tumours of epithelial tumours is steadily increasing and it has been shown to be the drug with most clinical use in PDT. In dermatology, topical PDT with ALA is already postulated to be the treatment of choice for actinic keratoses and superficial basal cell carcinomas. In gastroenterology, pulmonology, uro‐ and nephrology, neurology and gynaecology ALA has an important role as a photosensitiser not only in the diagnosis of neoplastic tissue but as therapy$$$ first experiences have been made with PDT in these organs. Besides the therapeutic efficacy of this technique, the fluorescence of ALA‐induced porphyrins can be effectively used to detect and delineate epithelial and endothelial neoplasms. In dermatology, other indications for ALA‐treatment are non‐tumoural applications, especially psoriasis, viral‐induced diseases, or acne vulgaris. ALA is an effective compound in the diagnosis or therapy of various epithelial and endothelial neoplastic lesions.
The effect of purslane seeds on glycemic status and lipid profiles of persons with type 2 diabetes: a randomized controlled cross-over clinical trial$$$ Background: We are aware of limited data about the effects of purslane on diabetes. Earlier studies have mostly indicated the beneficial effects in animal models. This study aimed to evaluate the effect of purslane seeds on glycemic status and lipid profiles of persons with type 2 diabetes. Materials and Methods: This cross‐over randomized controlled clinical trial was conducted on 48 persons with type 2 diabetes. Participants were randomly assigned to receive either 10 g/day purslane seeds with 240 cc low‐fat yogurt (intervention group) or only 240 cc low‐fat yogurt (as a control group) for 5 weeks. After a 2‐week washout period, subjects were moved to the alternate arm for an additional 5 weeks. At baseline and end of each phase of the study, fasting blood samples were collected to quantify plasma glucose levels, as well as serum insulin and lipid profiles. Within‐group and between‐group changes in anthropometric measures, as well as biochemical indicators, were compared using a paired‐samples t‐test. Results: Mean age of study participants was 51.4 ± 6.0 year. We found a significant reduction in weight (−0.57 vs. 0.09 kg, P = 0.003) and body mass index (−0.23 vs. 0.02 kg/m 2, P = 0.004) following purslane seeds consumption. Despite a slight reduction in fasting plasma glucose levels (−2.10 vs. −2.77 mg/dL, P = 0.90), we failed to find any significant effect on serum insulin levels and homeostatic model of assessment of insulin resistance score. Furthermore, purslane consumption decreased serum triglyceride levels (−25.5 vs. −1.8 mg/dL, P = 0.04) but could not affect serum high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol, low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol, and total cholesterol levels. We observed a significant reduction in systolic blood pressure (−3.33 vs. 0.5 mmHg, P = 0.01) and a borderline significant decrease in diastolic blood pressure (−3.12 vs. −0.93 mmHg, P = 0.09) after purslane seeds intake. Conclusion: In summary, consumption of purslane seeds for 5 weeks in persons with type 2 diabetes might improve their anthropometric measures, serum triglyceride levels, and blood pressure. Further studies are required to determine the appropriate dosage for these patients.
Effect of lysine, vitamin B(6), and carnitine supplementation on the lipid profile of male patients with hypertriglyceridemia: a 12-week, open-label, randomized, placebo-controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Fat metabolism is known to be altered in hypertriglyceridemia. Fat oxidation requires carnitine, which can be obtained either from the diet (animal or dairy products) or through synthesis in the body using both lysine and vitamin B(6). OBJECTIVE: The goal of this study was to investigate the effect of lysine, vitamin B(6), and carnitine supplementation on both glycemia and the lipid profiles, specifically triglyceride (TG) levels, in men with hypertriglyceridemia. METHODS: This 12‐week, randomized, placebo‐controlled clinical trial was conducted at a Lebanese medical center. A total of 85 hypertriglyceridemic (TG> 150 mg/dL) male patients were randomized to 1 of 5 groups and given supplements of lysine (1 g/d), vitamin B(6) (50 mg/d), lysine (1 g/d) + vitamin B(6) (50 mg/d), carnitine (1 g/d), or placebo for 12 weeks. The lipid profile (TG, total cholesterol, LDL‐C, and HDL‐C) and fasting plasma glucose levels were assessed at baseline and at 6 and 12 weeks. RESULTS: Adults (∼50 years) Lebanese males from a low socioeconomic status in Beirut were given the appropriate supplements. Vitamin B(6) supplementation was associated with a significant reduction in total cholesterol and HDL‐C of ∼10%. In addition, plasma TG was reduced by 36.6 mg/dL at 6 weeks, whereas levels in the placebo group increased by 18 mg/dL$$$ this difference failed to reach statistical significance. No major changes in the lipid profile were observed in the lysine and carnitine groups or when lysine was added to vitamin B(6). CONCLUSION: Vitamin B(6) supplementation in these male patients with hypertriglyceridemia reduced plasma total cholesterol and HDL‐C concentrations.
The acute effects of olive oil v. cream on postprandial thermogenesis and substrate oxidation in postmenopausal women$$$ The influence of the source of dietary fat on postprandial thermogenesis and substrate oxidation rates, was examined in twelve postmenopausal women aged 57‐73 years, with BMI 21.9‐38.3 kg/m(2). A single blind, randomised, paired comparison of two high‐fat, isoenergetic, mixed test meals was conducted. The major source of fat was either cream (CREAM) or extra virgin olive oil (EVOO). RMR, diet‐induced thermogenesis (DIT) and substrate oxidation rates over 5 h were measured by indirect calorimetry. There were no differences in body weight, RMR, fasting carbohydrate or fat oxidation rates between the two occasions. DIT (EVOO 97 (SD 46) v. CREAM 76 (SD 69) kJ/5 h and EVOO 5.2 (SD 2.5) v. CREAM 4.1 (SD 3.7)% energy) did not differ between the two test meals. The postprandial increase in carbohydrate oxidation rates, relative to their respective fasting values (DeltaCOX), was significantly lower following the EVOO meal (EVOO 10.6 (SD 8.3) v. CREAM 17.5 (SD 10) g/5 h$$$ paired t test, P=0.023), while postprandial fat oxidation rates (DeltaFOX) were significantly higher (EVOO 0.0 (SD 4.4) v. CREAM ‐3.6 (sd 4.0) g/5 h$$$ P=0.028). In the eight obese subjects, however, DIT was significantly higher following the EVOO meal (EVOO 5.1 (SD 2.0) v. CREAM 2.5 (sd 2.9) %$$$ P=0.01). This was accompanied by a significantly lower DeltaCOX (EVOO 10.9 (SD 9.9) v. CREAM 17.3 (SD 10.5) g/5 h$$$ P=0.03) and significantly higher DeltaFOX (EVOO 0.11 (SD 4.4) v. CREAM ‐4.1 (SD 4.5) g/5 h, P=0.034). The present study showed that olive oil significantly promoted postprandial fat oxidation and stimulated DIT in abdominally obese postmenopausal women.
Management of initial atypical cervical cytology: a randomized, prospective study$$$ Five hundred twelve patients who presented with initial atypical cervical cytology between February 1982 and February 1983 at Naval Hospital, San Diego were randomized with respect to antibiotic treatment and interval before repeat cytologic examination. Treatment before repeat cytology did not improve the rate of reversion to normal cytology. Reexamination before three months, however, resulted in an increased rate of persistent atypical cytologies. Patients who failed to revert to normal cytology on repeat examination were found to be at substantial risk for development of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN). To date, adequate follow up and histologic diagnosis has been achieved for 110 such patients, 49 of whom (44.5%) have been found to harbor CIN. Patients in whom initial cytology demonstrated marked atypia unassociated with inflammation are particularly at risk (76.2%) for development of CIN.
Using amino-cerv after cervical LEEP$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the ability of Amino‐Cerv to promote healing of the cervix following loop electrical excision procedure (LEEP) of the cervix for cervical intraepithelial neoplasia. STUDY DESIGN: A randomized study was conducted on 48 women in a private office setting. Patients were divided into two groups, to use or not use Amino‐Cerv intravaginally for two weeks after the procedure. Statistical analysis of the findings were performed using the chi 2 test. RESULTS: Twenty of 24 (83%) of women using Amino‐Cerv had completely healed tissue at four weeks, whereas 12 of 24 (50%) in the untreated group had healed tissue at four weeks. Findings were not statistically significant at two weeks but were statistically significant (P < .005, power = .55) at four weeks after the procedure. CONCLUSION: Amino‐Cerv after LEEP of the cervix promotes healing.
Sheep cheese naturally enriched in α-linolenic, conjugated linoleic and vaccenic acids improves the lipid profile and reduces anandamide in the plasma of hypercholesterolaemic subjects$$$ Intake of dairy fat has long been considered as a risk factor for CVD. Pasture and dietary lipid supplementation have been reported to be reliable strategies in ruminant nutrition, in order to increase the content of α‐linolenic acid (ALA), conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) and vaccenic acid (VA), and decrease SFA in milk fat. In the present study, we aimed at verifying whether consumption of a sheep cheese, naturally enriched in ALA, CLA and VA, would modify the plasma lipid and endocannabinoid profiles in mildly hypercholesterolaemic subjects. A total of forty‐two adult volunteers (nineteen males and twenty‐three females) with diagnosed mildly hypercholesterolaemia (total cholesterol 5·68‐7·49 mmol/l) were randomly assigned to eat 90 g/d of a control or enriched cheese for 3 weeks, with a cross‐over after 3 weeks of washout. Plasma lipids, endocannabinoids, adipokines and inflammatory markers were measured. The intake of enriched cheese significantly increased the plasma concentrations of CLA, VA, the n‐3 fatty acids ALA and EPA, and more remarkably decreased that of the endocannabinoid anandamide. LDL‐cholesterol decreased significantly (7%). No changes were detected in the levels of inflammatory markers$$$ however, a significant correlation was found between the plasma levels of anandamide and leptin. The control cheese modified none of the parameters measured. The results obtained do not support the view that intake of dairy fat is detrimental to hypercholesterolaemic subjects. Indeed, they show that a naturally enriched cheese possesses beneficial properties, since it ameliorates the plasma lipid profile, and more remarkably reduces endocannabinoid biosynthesis.
Sheep cheese naturally enriched in α-linolenic, conjugated linoleic and vaccenic acids improves the lipid profile and reduces anandamide in the plasma of hypercholesterolaemic subjects$$$ Intake of dairy fat has long been considered as a risk factor for CVD. Pasture and dietary lipid supplementation have been reported to be reliable strategies in ruminant nutrition, in order to increase the content of α‐linolenic acid (ALA), conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) and vaccenic acid (VA), and decrease SFA in milk fat. In the present study, we aimed at verifying whether consumption of a sheep cheese, naturally enriched in ALA, CLA and VA, would modify the plasma lipid and endocannabinoid profiles in mildly hypercholesterolaemic subjects. A total of forty‐two adult volunteers (nineteen males and twenty‐three females) with diagnosed mildly hypercholesterolaemia (total cholesterol 5·68‐7·49 mmol/l) were randomly assigned to eat 90 g/d of a control or enriched cheese for 3 weeks, with a cross‐over after 3 weeks of washout. Plasma lipids, endocannabinoids, adipokines and inflammatory markers were measured. The intake of enriched cheese significantly increased the plasma concentrations of CLA, VA, the n‐3 fatty acids ALA and EPA, and more remarkably decreased that of the endocannabinoid anandamide. LDL‐cholesterol decreased significantly (7%). No changes were detected in the levels of inflammatory markers$$$ however, a significant correlation was found between the plasma levels of anandamide and leptin. The control cheese modified none of the parameters measured. The results obtained do not support the view that intake of dairy fat is detrimental to hypercholesterolaemic subjects. Indeed, they show that a naturally enriched cheese possesses beneficial properties, since it ameliorates the plasma lipid profile, and more remarkably reduces endocannabinoid biosynthesis.
Dietary cod protein improves insulin sensitivity in insulin-resistant men and women: a randomized controlled trial$$$ OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this article was to compare the effects of cod protein to those of other animal proteins on insulin sensitivity in insulin‐resistant human subjects. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Insulin sensitivity (M/I) was assessed using a hyperinsulinemic‐euglycemic clamp in 19 insulin‐resistant subjects fed a cod protein diet and a similar diet containing lean beef, pork, veal, eggs, milk, and milk products (BPVEM) for 4 weeks in a crossover design study. Both diets were formulated to differ only in protein source, thus providing equivalent amounts of dietary fibers and monounsaturated, polyunsaturated (including n‐3), and saturated fatty acids (1.1:1.8:1.0). Beta‐cell function, estimated by oral glucose tolerance test‐derived parameters, was also assessed. RESULTS: There was a significant improvement in insulin sensitivity (P = 0.027) and a strong tendency for a better disposition index (beta‐cell function x M/I) (P = 0.055) in subjects consuming the cod protein diet compared with those consuming the BPVEM diet. When median baseline M/I (4.8 x 10(‐3) mg x kg(‐1) x min(‐1) x pmol(‐1)) was taken into account, an interaction on the 30‐min C‐peptide‐to‐30‐min glucose ratio, used as an index of beta‐cell function, was observed between diet and M/I status (P = 0.022). Indeed, this ratio strongly tended to increase in subjects with low M/I consuming the cod protein diet compared with those consuming the BPVEM diet (P = 0.065). CONCLUSIONS: Dietary cod protein improves insulin sensitivity in insulin‐resistant individuals and thus could contribute to prevention of type 2 diabetes by reducing the metabolic complications related to insulin resistance.
Chemical characterization of grains, flours and sorghum-based products and impact of consumption on human health$$$ INTERVENTION: This is an intervention study, single blind, lasting 8 weeks, in which participants will be randomly offered preparations based on extruded sorghum (test) or based on extruded wheat (control) for breakfast. The sample calculation was performed considering body weight as the main variable, estimating a sample number of 34 volunteers. Participants will be instructed to follow a food plan prepared by a nutritionist, with normal distribution of macronutrients, recommending a caloric restriction of 500 kcal/day, aiming at a weight loss of 2 kg/month. The caloric requirement of each individual will be calculated using the equation for total energy expenditure by estimating energy requirement (EER ‐ Estimated Energy Requirement). Each volunteer will receive a food replacement list organized by food groups. Test and control preparations will be consumed at breakfast and their caloric value will be included in the total caloric value of the prescribed diet. The amount of sorghum and wheat to be consumed daily will be based on a usual serving of breakfast cereal, with 40g of sorghum and 38g of wheat. Volunteers will be instructed not to consume other fiber‐rich cereals, such as chia, flaxseed, among others, and fiber supplements. Every 15 days, the responsible nutritionist will personally monitor the follow‐up of the diet and clarify any possible doubts. The food plan will be elaborated with the aid of the Avanutri® software. Each day the volunteer will receive a preparation of cereal with milk or yogurt, or a drink, containing sorghum or extruded wheat. These preparations will have a similar concentration of calories, macronutrients and dietary fiber. Daily, the volunteers will attend the Food Ingestion Laboratory (DNS/UFV), where they will consume the preparations. On weekends, CONDITION: C23.888 Nutritional Status$$$ Obesity$$$ Anthropometry SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary outcomes were not expected. INCLUSION CRITERIA: male, aged between 18 and 40 years$$$ body mass inde X(BMI) = 27.0 and = 34.9 kg/m²$$$ waist circumference = 90 cm$$$ fasting capillary blood glucose = 70 and =99 mg/dL$$$ capillary cholesterol < 240 mg/dL$$$ capillary triglyceride < 150 mg/dL. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Expected outcome 1: Consumption of extruded sorghum is expected to improve inflammatory markers and antioxidant response, such as IL‐6, TNF alpha, IL‐10 and IL‐12, glutathione peroxidase, superoxide dismutase, catalase and total antioxidant capacity, due to its proximate chemical composition and concentration of bioactive compounds. Sensory acceptance will be analyzed using sensory acceptance questionnaires. Expected outcome 2: It is expected that the consumption of sorghum promotes weight loss due to its bioactive compounds and the composition of kaferins, which complex with other nutrients and reduce the digestibility of some macronutrients, reducing their absorptive capacity, favoring weight loss . Also, with weight loss, anthropometric measurements (percentage of body fat, waist circumference, skinfolds) are expected to be reduced. The verification of the reduction of anthropometric measurements and body weight will be made through statistical comparisons of the variables in the pre and post intervention. Changes in antioxidant response markers and inflammatory markers will be verified through statistical analysis comparing the values obtained for these variables in the pre and post intervention. Expected outcome 3: Consumption of sorghum is expected to improve markers of intestinal health by increasing the synthesis of short‐chain fatty acids, reducing fecal pH and modulating the intestinal microbiota (indices of alpha and beta diversity). The verification of the modifications provoked by the consumption of sorghum in the variables of intestinal health will be made through statistical comparisons of these measures in the pre and post intervention. Observed outcome 1: The total antioxidant capacity were not affected in the study. The consumption of extruded sorghum‐based preparation for 8 weeks led to an increase in glutathione peroxidase. Inflammatory markers unchanged after sorghum consumption. However, wheat consumption increased IL‐6 levels. Observed outcome 2: There was a significant weight loss, waist circumference, waist‐to‐height ratio and body fat percentage (BF%) reduction intragroup after sorghum consumption. Intergroup, body fat percentage was higher in the sorghum group when compared to the wheat group. Observed outcome 3: Consumption of sorghum and wheat did not show differences for short‐chain fatty acids produc‐tion, fecal pH and a and ß‐ diversity indexes. However, sorghum consumption decreased genus levels of Clostridium_sensu_stricto 1, Dorea and Odoribacter, and increased CAG‐873 and Turicibacter compared to baseline.
Vaginal 5-fluorouracil for high-grade cervical dysplasia in human immunodeficiency virus infection: a randomized trial$$$ OBJECTIVE: To compare the efficacy and toxicity of topical vaginal 5‐fluorouracil (5‐FU) maintenance therapy against the effects of observation after standard treatment for high‐grade cervical dysplasia in human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)‐infected women and to evaluate the association between baseline CD4 count and time to recurrence. METHODS: In a phase III unmasked, randomized, multicenter, outpatient clinical trial, 101 HIV‐positive women either received 6 months of biweekly treatment with vaginal 5‐FU cream (2 g) or underwent 6 months of observation after standard excisional or ablative cervical treatment for cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN). Papanicolaou smears and colposcopy were scheduled at regular intervals during the ensuing 18 months, with the primary end point being the time at which CIN of any grade recurred. RESULTS: Thirty‐eight percent of women developed recurrence: 14 (28%) of 50 in the 5‐FU therapy group and 24 (47%) of 51 in the observation group. Treatment with 5‐FU was significantly associated with prolonged time to CIN development (P = .04). Observation subjects were more likely to have high‐grade recurrences, with 31% developing CIN 2‐3 compared with 8% in the 5‐FU treatment arm (P = .014), and disease recurred more quickly in observation subjects as well. Baseline CD4 count was related significantly to time to recurrence (P = .04), with 46% of subjects with CD4 counts less than 200 cells/mm3 developing recurrence compared with 33% of subjects with CD4 counts at least 200 cells/mm3. Disease recurred more slowly in subjects who had received antiretroviral therapy than in antiretroviral therapy‐naive subjects. There were no instances of grade 3 or 4 toxicity, and compliance with 5‐FU treatment was generally good. CONCLUSION: Adjunctive maintenance intravaginal 5‐FU therapy after standard surgery for high‐grade lesions safely and effectively reduced recurrence of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia in HIV‐infected women.
Postprandial Glycemic Response of Glucomeal as Pre-meal (before breakfast) in Type 2 Diabetic Patients$$$ INTERVENTION: A whey protein‐based energy drink was prepared using 100 g of a vanilla‐flavored instant beverage containing 22% of whey protein concentrate with vitamins and minerals (GLUCOMEAL) dissolved in 400 g water.,Vanilla drink was prepared using 100 g of instant full cream milk powder, non‐dairy creamer, granulated sugar, and vanilla flavor. Experimental Dietary Supplement,Placebo Comparator Dietary Supplement Glucomeal,Vanilla drink CONDITION: T2DM Type 2 diabetes $$$ T2DM PRIMARY OUTCOME: postprandial glycemic control Before taking intervention meal (‐30 min). And at 0, 30, 60, 90, 120, 180 and 240 minutes after consume. Blood glucose,postprandial insulin response Before taking intervention meal (‐30 min). And at 0, 30, 60, 90, 120, 180 and 240 minutes after consume. Insulin SECONDARY OUTCOME: postprandial active‐GLP‐1 response Before taking intervention meal (‐30 min). And at 0, 30, 60, 90, 120, 180 and 240 minutes after consume. Active‐GLP‐1 INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1.BMI 18.5‐30 kg‐m2 2.Only stable oral hypoglycemic drugs for at least 2 months.
Consumption of red and processed meat and refined grains for 4 weeks decreases insulin sensitivity in insulin-resistant adults: a randomized crossover study$$$ Background Red and processed meat and refined grains are associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes. Interventions are limited. We hypothesized that a diet high in red and processed meat and refined grains (HMD) would decrease insulin sensitivity compared to a diet high in whole grains, nuts, dairy and legumes with no red meat (HWD). Methods Forty‐nine subjects without diabetes [15 men and 34 women, age, 35.6 ± 15.7 years, body mass index (BMI), 27 ± 5.9 kg/m2] underwent two 4‐week weight‐stable dietary interventions in a randomized crossover design. The insulin sensitivity index (ISI) was calculated from the last 30 min of a continuous low‐dose insulin (25 mU/kg·h) and glucose (4 mg/kg·min) infusion test (LDIGIT 120–150min) at the end of each diet. Results The population fell into two very discrete groups: those with a very low insulin response in the LDIGIT 120–150min on HMD (Group 1 < 56 pmol/L, n = 24), and those with relatively normal insulin responses (Group 2 > 56 pmol/L, n = 25). Group 2 had significantly higher insulin concentrations [(median and interquartile range) 153, 180 for HMD vs. 123, 149 pmol/L for HWD$$$ P = 0.019] and glucose concentrations [(mean ± standard deviation) 7.4 ± 1.3 for HMD vs.6.7 ± 1.2 mmol/L for HWD$$$ P = 0.05], resulting in a significantly decreased ISI [(median and interquartile range) 21.1, 34.2 for HMD vs. 31.6, 39.4 for HWD$$$ P = 0.014] compared to HWD. Log ISI after HMD was significantly correlated with BMI (r = − 0.5$$$ P = 0.009), fat mass (r = − 0.55$$$ P = 0.004) and self‐reported activity levels (r = − 0.45$$$ P = 0.024). Conclusions A dietary pattern high in red and processed meat and refined grains decreased insulin sensitivity compared to a dietary pattern high in whole grains, nuts, dairy products and legumes only in relatively insulin‐resistant adults.
A randomized trial of high-dairy-protein, variable-carbohydrate diets and exercise on body composition in adults with obesity$$$ OBJECTIVE: This study determined the effects of 16‐week high‐dairy‐protein, variable‐carbohydrate (CHO) diets and exercise training (EXT) on body composition in men and women with overweight/obesity. METHODS: One hundred and eleven participants (age 47 ± 6 years, body mass 90.9 ± 11.7 kg, BMI 33 ± 4 kg/m(2) , values mean ± SD) were randomly stratified to diets with either: high dairy protein, moderate CHO (40% CHO: 30% protein: 30% fat$$$ ∼4 dairy servings)$$$ high dairy protein, high CHO (55%: 30%: 15%$$$ ∼4 dairy servings)$$$ or control (55%: 15%: 30%$$$ ∼1 dairy serving). Energy restriction (500 kcal/day) was achieved through diet (∼250 kcal/day) and EXT (∼250 kcal/day). Body composition was measured using dual‐energy X‐ray absorptiometry before, midway, and upon completion of the intervention. RESULTS: Eighty‐nine (25 M/64 F) of 115 participants completed the 16‐week intervention, losing 7.7 ± 3.2 kg fat mass (P < 0.001) and gaining 0.50 ± 1.75 kg lean mass (P < 0.01). There was no difference in the changes in body composition (fat mass or lean mass) between groups. CONCLUSIONS: Compared to a healthy control diet, energy‐restricted high‐protein diets containing different proportions of fat and CHO confer no advantage to weight loss or change in body composition in the presence of an appropriate exercise stimulus.
Effect of milk enriched with phytosterol ester on blood cholesterol of patients with hypercholesterolemia: a randomized controlled trial$$$ OBJECTIVE: To study the effect of milk enriched with phytosterol ester on blood cholesterol. METHODS: Participants with hypercholesterolemia were recruited from community health center and randomly assigned to 3 groups: milk enriched with phytosterol ester group( PS group, n = 59), normal milk group( n = 58) and non‐dairy group( n = 62). The intervention lasted for 2 months. At baseline, all subjects in the 3groups received health education on prevention and control of hypercholesterolemia. For PS and normal milk groups, subjects consumed 500 g milk per day, the intake ofphytosterol in PS group was 1. 58 g / d. For non‐dairy group, subjects did not consume any dairy products during the trial. Subjects were assessed on their physical activity level and blood cholesterols were measured during monthly follow‐up. RESULTS: Finally 157 subjects completed the trial. By the end of the first month, the TC and LDL‐C levels of PS group were significantly lower than that of normal milk group. After adjustment, there was no significant difference between baseline and 1‐month TC levels in PS group. The levels of TG and HDL‐C in PS group were significantly increased while the LDL‐C level was significantly decreased after 1‐month intervention. Compared with normal milk and nondairy groups, no differences were observed for these four indicators. After 2‐month intervention, the TC and LDL‐C levels of PS group were significantly lower than that of normal milk and non‐dairy groups. The levels of TC and LDL‐C in PS group were significantly reduced compared to baseline levels after adjustment. TG level was increased while HDL‐C level was unchanged. Compared with normal milk and non‐dairy groups, the levels of TC and LDL‐C in PS group were significantly declined while no significant difference was observed for TG and HDL‐C levels. CONCLUSION: s Milk enriched with phytosterol ester has a notable effect on lowering TC and LDL‐C levels in subjects with hypercholesterolemia.
The effect of daily fortified yogurt consumption on weight loss in adults with metabolic syndrome: a 10-week randomized controlled trial$$$ Background and Aims: Obesity is a complex and multifaceted condition. Thus, functional foods need investigation as novel adjunct treatments for obesity. The objective was to determine the effects of daily consumption of a fortified yogurt (FY) on weight loss in overweight and obese patients with metabolic syndrome on a caloric‐restricted diet. Methods and Results: This was a randomized, double‐blind, 10‐week study. Participants were randomly allocated to two groups receiving either two servings (2 × 250 g)/day of FY with whey protein, calcium, vitamin D, prebiotic fibre and probiotic cultures (n = 44) or a low‐fat plain yogurt (PY) (n = 43). All participants were put on a calorie‐restricted diet throughout the 10‐week study. Body composition and biochemical indices were assessed before and after the intervention. Body mass decreased by 4.3 ± 1.9 kg and 5.1 ± 3.0 kg in the PY and FY groups, respectively, following the 10‐week intervention. Compared to PY, consumption of FY resulted in a significant reduction in body fat mass (FM) (p = 0.023), body fat percentage (p = 0.028), waist circumference (p = 0.002), homoeostasis model of assessment‐insulin resistance (HOMA‐IR) (p = 0.025), triglyceride concentration (p = 0.003), and a significant increase in total 25‐hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) concentration (p < 0.001), high density lipoprotein‐cholesterol (HDL‐C) (p = 0.009) and quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI) (0.022). Participants consuming the FY lost less fat‐free mass (FFM) compared to the PY group (Δ = −0.9 ± 3.5 kg vs. Δ = −2.0 ± 2.7 kg$$$ p = 0.025). Conclusions: Consuming FY for 10‐weeks improved body composition and metabolic parameters, while on a caloric‐restricted diet. Further research is needed to elucidate whether FY can be used as a preventative strategy for metabolic syndrome in obese persons. Trial registration: www.irct.ir (IRCT2017050633836N1).
Lipid profile and non-cholesterol sterols in obese women's serum after supplementing with plant stanol ester$$$ BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to assess the influence of increased plant stanol ester intake on lipid profile and serum ratio of non‐cholesterol sterols to cholesterol in obese women (50 years of age) with dyslipidemia. METHODS: 90 females were assigned into 2 treatment groups: For a period of 4 weeks, group 1 was receiving a yoghurt, enriched with 2 g of plant stanol ester (PS group), and group 2 was receiving a yoghurt drink without extra stanols. Anthropometric measurements included body height and weight. Lipid profile was determined by commercially available enzymatic methods. Serum non‐cholesterol sterols and stanols concentrations were quantitated by gas chromatography. The study was single‐blind and placebo‐controlled. RESULTS: The yoghurt drink enriched with plant stanol ester significantly reduced serum total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, and non‐HDL cholesterol levels (p < 0.05). No changes were observed in HDL cholesterol and triacylglycerol levels. The highest drop of LDL cholesterol was noted in the upper quartile of total cholesterol concentrations. In the PS group the statistically significant (p < 0.0001) changes were also observed in serum ratios of non‐cholesterol sterols to cholesterol: campesterol, sitosterol, sitostanol, and avenasterol. CONCLUSION: Plant stanol esters influence the concentration of total cholesterol, particularly LDL cholesterol. This effect seems to be related to the reduced dietary cholesterol absorption.
The influence of facilitating environmental cues on snack food consumption in overweight and obese young adults$$$ Currently, it is unknown whether facilitating versus restraining environmental cues have different effects on eating behaviours and, more specifically, whether these cuesmodulate the relation between BMI and snack food consumption. Under the guise of a taste test, 86 participants were presented with three high calorie snack foods (milk chocolate, regular potato chips and sour cream and onion potato chips). Participants were randomly assigned to receive instructions to either eat the bare minimum needed to make their taste ratings (restraint condition), eat as much as they like (facilitation condition) or no special instructions beyond orientating to the taste test (control). The amount of food consumed during the taste test was covertly measured in each condition. Regression analysis revealed a main effect of instruction condition such that those in the restraint condition consumed less than the other groups (ΔR2=.257, p<.001). However, there was a trending interaction between BMI and instruction condition, such that increasing BMI was associated with increasing snack food consumption in the facilitation condition (ß=.434, p=0.034), but not the restraint (ß=.066, p=.718) or control conditions (ß=‐.058, p=.755). These results suggest that environmental cues modulate the relationship between BMI and eating behaviours, such that a facilitating environment activates the tendency to overeat among obese individuals.
Effects of fish oil on VLDL triglyceride kinetics in humans$$$ Dietary n‐3 fatty acids (FAs) found in fish oils markedly lower plasma triglyceride (TG) and very low density lipoprotein (VLDL) levels in both normal and hypertriglyceridemic subjects. The present study examined the mechanism of this effect. Ten subjects with widely different plasma triglyceride levels (82 to 1002 mg/dl) were fed metabolically controlled diets containing 20% fat. The control diet contained a blend of cocoa butter and peanut oil (P/S = 0.8). The test diet contained fish oil (P/S = 1.1) and provided 10‐17 g of n‐3 FAs per day (depending on calorie intake). After 3 to 5 weeks of each diet, the kinetics of VLDL‐TG were determined over a 48‐h period after the injection of [3H]glycerol. The fish oil diet reduced the VLDL‐TG synthetic rate from 23 +/‐ 14.3 (mean +/‐ SD) to 12.6 +/‐ 7.5 mg/h per kg ideal weight (P less than 0.005) and increased the fractional catabolic rate (FCR) for VLDL‐TG from 0.23 +/‐ 0.12 to 0.38 +/‐ 0.16 h ‐1 (P less than 0.005). At the same time, there was a 66% reduction of plasma triglyceride levels, resulting largely from a 78% decrease in VLDL‐TG levels (398 +/‐ 317 to 87 +/‐ 77 mg/dl$$$ P less than 0.005). There was a strong correlation (r = 0.83$$$ P less than 0.01) between the change in synthetic rates and pool sizes, but there was no correlation (r = 0.24$$$ NS) between changes in FCRs and pool sizes. The VLDL cholesterol: triglyceride ratio increased during the n‐3 diet suggesting that smaller VLDL particles were present. These particles would be expected to leave the VLDL fraction more rapidly than larger particles producing a higher FCR. We conclude that the hypotriglyceridemic effect of fish oil appears to be caused primarily by an inhibition of very low density lipoprotein‐triglyceride synthesis, but an additional, independent effect upon VLDL catabolism cannot be ruled out.
Self-monitoring of plasma triglyceride levels to evaluate postprandial response to different nutrients$$$ Self‐monitoring of plasma triglycerides (TG) may be a very useful tool to monitor, on a daily basis, the TG responses to different nutrients, particularly carbohydrates (CHO) and fat, whose influence on postprandial TG levels is not very well known. Therefore, the aim of the present study was to evaluate the TG response of hypertriglyceridemic patients to a similar amount of calories deriving from different sources of CHO and fat. Thirty‐nine hypertriglyceridemic patients were randomly assigned to 1 of 2 experimental groups. In 1 group (the fat group), patients were given a standard meal plus a fat supplement of 300 kcal derived from different types of fat (butter, sunflower margarine, olive oil) for dinner, once a week for 3 weeks. In the other group (the CHO group), patients consumed the same standard meal plus a supplement of 300 kcal derived from different types of CHO (bread, coke, fruit). In both groups, patients measured their plasma TG before and 3 hours after each meal by Accutrend GCT (ROCHE, Mannheim, Germany). A subgroup of patients (n = 18) also performed TG determinations 2 hours after the test meals. The 3‐hour TG increments were not significantly different between the different test meals (f = 0.671$$$ P =.52)$$$ instead, the TG increments induced by fat supplements were significantly higher than those induced by the CHO supplements (f = 14.31$$$ P =.0001). Similar results were also obtained 2 hours after the test meals. In conclusion, this study shows that the 2‐ and 3‐hour TG responses to fat are higher compared with that induced by carbohydrate. This point, especially if confirmed by experiments with more frequent after meal measurements and of longer duration, should be taken into account in defining the best dietary approach to lower plasma TG levels throughout the whole day.
Immediate-release niacin and a monounsaturated fatty acid-rich meal on postprandial inflammation and monocyte characteristics in men with metabolic syndrome$$$ Background & aim: When considered separately, long‐term immediate‐release niacin and fatty meals enriched in monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA) decrease postprandial triglycerides, but their effects on postprandial inflammation, which is common in individuals with metabolic syndrome, are less known. Moreover, successful combination is lacking and its impact on acute disorders of the innate immune cells in the metabolic syndrome remains unclear. Here, we aimed to establish the effects from combination with niacin of different fats [butter, enriched in saturated fatty acids (SFA), olive oil, enriched in MUFA, and olive oil supplemented with eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and docosahexaenoic (DHA) acids] on plasma inflammatory markers and circulating monocyte subsets, activation and priming at the postprandial period in individuals with metabolic syndrome. Methods: A random‐order within‐subject crossover experiment was performed, in which 16 individuals with metabolic syndrome and 16 age‐matched healthy volunteers took 2 g immediate‐release niacin together with the corresponding fatty meal or a meal with no fat as control. In total, 128 postprandial curves were analysed. We sampled hourly over 6 h for plasma concentrations of soluble inflammatory markers and triglycerides. Circulating monocyte subsets (CD14/CD16 balance), activation (CCL2/CCR2 axis) and priming (M1/M2‐like phenotype) at the time of postprandial hypertriglyceridemic peak were also addressed. Results: Dietary SFA (combined with niacin) promote postprandial excursions of circulating IL‐6, IL‐1β, TNF‐α and CD14/CCR2‐rich monocytes with a pro‐inflammatory M1‐like phenotype, particularly in individuals with metabolic syndrome. In contrast, dietary MUFA (combined with niacin) postprandially increased circulating CD16‐rich monocytes with an anti‐inflammatory M2‐like phenotype. Omega‐3 PUFA did not add to the effects of MUFA. Conclusion: The co‐administration of a single‐dose of immediate‐release niacin with a fatty meal rich in MUFA, in contrast to SFA, suppresses postprandial inflammation at the levels of both secretory profile and monocyte response in individuals with metabolic syndrome. These findings highlight a potential role of combining niacin and dietary MUFA for the homeostatic control of inflammation and the innate immune system, identifying a new search direction for the management of disorders associated with the metabolic syndrome.
Effect on bone anabolic markers of daily cheese intake with and without vitamin K2: a randomised clinical trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Daily intake of 57 g Jarlsberg cheese has been shown to increase the total serum osteocalcin (tOC). Is this a general cheese effect or specific for Jarlsberg containing vitamin K2 and 1,4‐dihydroxy‐2naphtoic acid (DHNA)? METHODS: 66 healthy female volunteers (HV) were recruited. By skewed randomisation (3:2), 41 HV were allocated to daily intake of 57 g Jarlsberg (J‐group) and 25‐50 g Camembert (C‐group) in 6 weeks. After 6 weeks the C‐group was switched to Jarlsberg. The study duration was 12 weeks with clinical investigations every 6 weeks. The main variables were procollagen type 1 N‐terminal propeptide (PINP), tOC, carboxylated osteocalcin (cOC) and the osteocalcin ratio (RO) defined as the ratio between cOC and undercarboxylated osteocalcin (ucOC). Serum cross‐linked C‐telopeptide type I collagen (CTX), vitamin K2, lipids and clinical chemistry were used as secondary variables. RESULTS: PINP, tOC, cOC, RO and vitamin K2 increased significantly (p<0.01) after 6 weeks in the J‐group. PINP remained unchanged in the C‐group. The other variables decreased slightly in the C‐group but increased significantly (p≤0.05) after switching to Jarlsberg. No CTX‐changes detected in neither of the groups.Serum lipids increased slightly in both groups. Switching to Jarlsberg, total cholesterol and low‐density lipoprotein‐cholesterol were significantly reduced (p≤0.05). Glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c), Ca++ and Mg++ were significantly reduced in the J‐group, but unchanged in the C‐group. Switching to Jarlsberg, HbA1c and Ca++ decreased significantly. CONCLUSION: The effect of daily Jarlsberg intake on increased s‐osteocalcin level is not a general cheese effect. Jarlsberg contain vitamin K2 and DHNA which increases PINP, tOC, cOC and RO and decreases Ca++, Mg++ and HbA1c. These effects reflect increased bone anabolism and a possible reduced risk of adverse metabolic outcomes. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NCT04189796.
Effect on bone anabolic markers of daily cheese intake with and without vitamin K 2: a randomised clinical trial$$$ Background Daily intake of 57 g Jarlsberg cheese has been shown to increase the total serum osteocalcin (tOC). Is this a general cheese effect or specific for Jarlsberg containing vitamin K 2 and 1,4‐dihydroxy‐2naphtoic acid (DHNA)? Methods 66 healthy female volunteers (HV) were recruited. By skewed randomisation (3:2), 41 HV were allocated to daily intake of 57 g Jarlsberg (J‐group) and 25‐50 g Camembert (C‐group) in 6 weeks. After 6 weeks the C‐group was switched to Jarlsberg. The study duration was 12 weeks with clinical investigations every 6 weeks. The main variables were procollagen type 1 N‐terminal propeptide (PINP), tOC, carboxylated osteocalcin (cOC) and the osteocalcin ratio (R O) defined as the ratio between cOC and undercarboxylated osteocalcin (ucOC). Serum cross‐linked C‐telopeptide type I collagen (CTX), vitamin K 2, lipids and clinical chemistry were used as secondary variables. Results PINP, tOC, cOC, R O and vitamin K 2 increased significantly (p<0.01) after 6 weeks in the J‐group. PINP remained unchanged in the C‐group. The other variables decreased slightly in the C‐group but increased significantly (p≤0.05) after switching to Jarlsberg. No CTX‐changes detected in neither of the groups. Serum lipids increased slightly in both groups. Switching to Jarlsberg, total cholesterol and low‐density lipoprotein‐cholesterol were significantly reduced (p≤0.05). Glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c), Ca ++ and Mg ++ were significantly reduced in the J‐group, but unchanged in the C‐group. Switching to Jarlsberg, HbA1c and Ca ++ decreased significantly. Conclusion The effect of daily Jarlsberg intake on increased s‐osteocalcin level is not a general cheese effect. Jarlsberg contain vitamin K 2 and DHNA which increases PINP, tOC, cOC and R O and decreases Ca ++, Mg ++ and HbA1c. These effects reflect increased bone anabolism and a possible reduced risk of adverse metabolic outcomes. Trial registration number NCT04189796.
Daily consumption of vitamin D- or vitamin D + calcium-fortified yogurt drink improved glycemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes: a randomized clinical trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Low serum concentrations of 25‐hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] have been associated with impaired glucose tolerance and diabetes. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to compare the effects of daily intake of vitamin D‐ or vitamin D(3) + calcium‐fortified yogurt drink on glycemic status in subjects with type 2 diabetes (T2D). DESIGN: Ninety diabetic subjects were randomly allocated to 3 groups to consume plain yogurt drink (PY$$$ containing no vitamin D and 150 mg Ca/250 mL), vitamin D‐fortified yogurt drink (DY$$$ containing 500 IU vitamin D(3) and 150 mg Ca/250 mL), or vitamin D + calcium‐fortified yogurt drink (DCY$$$ containing 500 IU vitamin D(3) and 250 mg Ca/250 mL) twice per day for 12 wk. Fasting serum glucose (FSG), glycated hemoglobin (Hb A(1c)), homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA‐IR), serum lipid profile, and percentage fat mass (FM) were assessed before (baseline) and after the intervention. RESULTS: In both the DY and DCY groups, mean serum 25(OH)D(3) improved (+32.8 ± 28.4 and +28.8 ± 16.1 nmol/L, respectively$$$ P < 0.001 for both), but FSG [‐12.9 ± 33.7 mg/dL (P = 0.015) and ‐9.6 ± 46.9 mg/dL (P = 0.035)], Hb A(1c) [‐0.4 ± 1.2% (P < 0.001) and ‐0.4 ± 1.9% (P < 0.001)], HOMA‐IR [‐0.6 ± 1.4 (P = 0.001) and ‐0.6 ± 3.2 (P < 0.001)], waist circumference (‐3.6 ± 2.7 and ‐2.9 ± 3.3$$$ P < 0.001 for both), and body mass index [in kg/m(2)$$$ ‐0.9 ± 0.6 (P < 0.001) and ‐0.4 ± 0.7 (P = 0.005)] decreased significantly more than in the PY group. An inverse correlation was observed between changes in serum 25(OH)D(3) and FSG (r = ‐0.208, P = 0.049), FM (r = ‐0.219, P = 0.038), and HOMA‐IR (r = ‐0.219, P = 0.005). CONCLUSION: Daily intake of a vitamin D‐fortified yogurt drink, either with or without added calcium, improved glycemic status in T2D patients. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01229891.
Full fat cheese intake and cardiovascular health: a randomised control trial$$$ Milk and milk products contribute approximately 22 % of the nation's saturated fat (SFA) intake. Recently, the role of dairy and its SFA composition and link to cardiovascular disease (CVD) has been analysed(1), suggesting a beneficial action of this food group on reducing cardiovascular risk in high‐risk groups(2,3). The aim of this study was to examine the effects of 4 weeks full‐fat cheese on circulating lipoprotein fractions, blood pressure and arterial stiffness in healthy adults. Participants were recruited in the city of Chester, UK. Those meeting entry criteria of: 18‐65 years of age, not taking antihypercholesterolaemic or antihypertensive medication took part in the study. Participants were randomised to receive either 50 g of a full‐fat Red Leicester (FFC) or placebo (virtually zero fat Cheddar cheese, ZFC) per day for 4 weeks. Anthropometry, blood pressure, brachial and aortic augmentation index (BAIX and AAIX, respectively), pulse‐wave velocity (PWV) and a full lipid profile were determined at baseline and post‐intervention. Participants were asked to keep a 3‐day food diary prior to and for the last 3 days of the protocol. All procedures were approved by the Faculty of Medicine, Dentistry and Life Sciences Research Ethics Committee at the University of Chester. Eighty‐six (86) individuals completed the study (43 per group). No significant changes were observed in any measured parameter (Table 1). Both ZFC and FFC groups showed a significant increase in calcium intake during the course of the study (1002 1 ± 639 1 mg to 1815 0 ± 1340 1 mg and 1219 6 ± 1169 1 mg 1845 8 ± 1463 2 mg, P < 0 001, respectively) showing good adherence to the protocol. In conclusion, these results suggest that inclusion of 50 g full fat cheese into the diet of a healthy population does not impact negatively on traditional CVD risk markers. Future strategies to reduce SFA intake should focus on ‐ and acknowledge the importance of the source ‐ of SFA in the diet. (Table Presented).
Effect of camel milk on glycemic control and insulin requirement in patients with type 1 diabetes: 2-years randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Hypoglycemic effect of camel milk supplementation in experimental rat model and significant reduction in doses of insulin in type 1 diabetic patients have been observed in our previous studies. This long‐term study was undertaken to assess the efficacy, safety and acceptability of camel milk as an adjunct to insulin therapy in type 1 diabetics. SUBJECTS/METHODS: In this 2‐year randomized clinical, parallel design study, 24 type 1 diabetics were enrolled and divided into two groups. Group I (n=12) received usual care, that is, diet, exercise and insulin and Group II (n=12) received 500 ml camel milk in addition to the usual care. Insulin requirement was titrated weekly by blood glucose estimation. Results were analyzed by using the regression technique. RESULTS: In camel milk group, there was decrease in mean blood glucose (118.58±19‐93.16±17.06 mg/dl), hemoglobin A1c levels (7.81±1.39‐5.44±0.81%) and insulin doses (32.50±9.99‐17.50±12.09 U/day, P<0.05). Out of 12 subjects receiving camel milk, insulin requirement in 3 subjects reduced to zero. There was nonsignificant change in plasma insulin and anti‐insulin antibodies in both the groups. CONCLUSION: It may be stated that camel milk is safe and efficacious in improving long‐term glycemic control, with a significant reduction in the doses of insulin in type 1 diabetic patients.
Changes in Food and Nutrient Intake and Diet Quality on a Low-Fat Vegan Diet Are Associated with Changes in Body Weight, Body Composition, and Insulin Sensitivity in Overweight Adults: a Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Consuming different food groups and nutrients can have differential effects on body weight, body composition, and insulin sensitivity. OBJECTIVE: The aim was to identify how food group, nutrient intake, and diet quality change relative to usual‐diet controls after 16 weeks on a low‐fat vegan diet and what associations those changes have with changes in body weight, body composition, and measures of metabolic health. DESIGN: Secondary analysis of a randomized clinical trial conducted between October 2016 and December 2018 in four replications. PARTICIPANTS/SETTING: Participants included in this analysis were 219 healthy, community‐based adults in the Washington, DC, area, with a body mass index (BMI) between 28 and 40, who were randomly assigned to either follow a low‐fat vegan diet or make no diet changes. INTERVENTION: A low‐fat, vegan diet deriving approximately 10% of energy from fat, with weekly classes including dietary instruction, group discussion, and education on the health effects of plant‐based nutrition. Control group participants continued their usual diets. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Changes in food group intake, macronutrient and micronutrient intake, and dietary quality as measured by Alternate Healthy Eating Index‐2010 (AHEI‐2010), analyzed from 3‐day diet records, and associations with changes in body weight, body composition, and insulin sensitivity were assessed. STATISTICAL ANALYSES PERFORMED: A repeated‐measure analysis of variance model that included the factors group, subject, and time was used to test the between‐group differences throughout the 16‐week study. Interaction between group and time was calculated for each variable. Within each diet group, paired comparison t tests were calculated to identify significant changes from baseline to 16 weeks. Spearman correlations were calculated for the relationship between changes in food group intake, nutrient intake, AHEI‐2010 score, and changes in body weight, body composition, and insulin sensitivity. The relative contribution of food groups and nutrients to weight loss was evaluated using linear regression. CONCLUSIONS: When compared with participants' usual diets, intake of plant foods increased, and consumption of animal foods, nuts and seeds, and added fats decreased on a low‐fat vegan diet. Increased legume intake was the best single food group predictor of weight loss. Diet quality as measured by AHEI‐2010 improved on the low‐fat vegan diet, which was associated with improvements in weight and metabolic outcomes. These data suggest that increasing low‐fat plant foods and minimizing high‐fat and animal foods is associated with decreased body weight and fat loss, and that a low‐fat vegan diet can improve measures of diet quality and metabolic health. RESULTS: Fruit, vegetable, legume, meat alternative, and whole grain intake significantly increased in the vegan group. Intake of meat, fish, and poultry$$$ dairy products$$$ eggs$$$ nuts and seeds$$$ and added fats decreased. Decreased weight was most associated with increased intake of legumes (r = ‐0.38$$$ P < 0.0001) and decreased intake of total meat, fish, and poultry (r = +0.43$$$ P < 0.0001). Those consuming a low‐fat vegan diet also increased their intake of carbohydrates, fiber, and several micronutrients and decreased fat intake. Reduced fat intake was associated with reduced body weight (r = +0.15$$$ P = 0.02) and, after adjustment for changes in BMI and energy intake, with reduced fat mass (r = +0.14$$$ P = 0.04). The intervention group's AHEI‐2010 increased by 6.0 points on average, in contrast to no significant change in the control group (treatment effect, +7.2 [95% CI +3.7 to +10.7]$$$ P < 0.001). Increase in AHEI‐2010 correlated with reduction in body weight (r = 0.14$$$ P = 0.04), fat mass (r = ‐0.14$$$ P = 0.03), and insulin resistance as measured by the Homeostasis Model Assessment (HOMA‐IR$$$ r = ‐0.17$$$ P = 0.02), after adjustment for changes in energy intake.
A randomized intervention trial of 24-wk dairy consumption on waist circumference, blood pressure, and fasting blood sugar and lipids in Japanese men with metabolic syndrome$$$ Dairy foods are postulated to have beneficial effects on blood pressure, body fat, serum lipids, and the incidence of type 2 diabetes. To evaluate the effects of the consumption of milk and dairy products, we performed a randomized dietary intervention trial for 24 wk in Japanese men, aged 20 to 60 y, with 2 or more components of the metabolic syndrome (Clinical trial registration: UMIN000006353). Subjects were randomized to a control group (n598) that received dietary intervention focused on weight control supervised by registered dietitians, and a dairy‐consumption group (n5102) that received both dietary intervention and regular home dairy delivery of 400 g/d for 24 wk. Co‐primary endpoints included waist circumference, blood pressure, fasting blood sugar (FBS), and serum lipids. The dietary intervention decreased energy intake from 2,150 to 1,850 kcal/d in both groups (p<0.01). Mean rates of compliance with the dairy‐consumption intervention were over 90%, resulting in increased calcium intake in the dairy‐consumption group from 329 to 667 mg/d (p<0.01). Co‐primary endpoints improved in both groups, but the degree of improvement was smaller in the dairy‐consumption group (one‐sided p50.99). Subgroup analyses specified in the study protocol identified weight and leisure‐time physical activity (LTPA) as significant effect modifiers. Differences in changes in systolic blood pressure compared with the control group were 28.0 mmHg (95% CI, 214.0 to 21.9, interaction$$$ p<0.01) in the normal weight group and 25.8 mmHg (211.4 to 20.2, interaction$$$ p50.02) in the moderate‐to‐high LTPA group, indicating lower systolic blood pressure in the dairy‐consumption group among participants in these subgroups. In conclusion, although effects on the co‐primary endpoints of dairy consumption were not shown, dairy consumption lowered systolic blood pressure in the subgroups with normal weight and moderate‐tohigh LTPA and lowered FBS in the subgroup with normal weight.
Local complement genes expression in the mammary gland: effect of gestation and inflammation$$$ Complement components in breast milk may enhance the local immune response in the gut of infants. In this study, we investigated the expression of complement genes in the mammary gland and attempted to determine possible regulatory mechanisms. We have studied the expression of C3, C4, factor B, and HLA‐DRalpha mRNA by in situ hybridization in gestational mammary gland specimens and compared these findings to those in breast tissue affected with an inflammatory process, lactating adenoma or idiopathic gynecomastia. In normal resting breast, only C4 mRNA was noted in some ductal epithelium. In gestational mammary gland, there was a diffuse expression of C4, C3, and factor B mRNA in the epithelial cells of the acini. A similar pattern of complement gene expression was found in localized areas of an infectious inflammatory process. In addition, in the inflammatory specimens, there was also expression of C3 mRNA in infiltrating macrophages (CD 68 positive cells). In gynecomastia, C4 mRNA was noted in ductal epithelium, and there was a marked increased expression of C3 mRNA in the proliferating epithelium of the lactating adenoma. HLA‐DRalpha was observed only in macrophages involved in the inflammatory response. Our findings, which reflect the hormonal and inflammatory events in vivo, provide new insights as to in situ complement gene expression.
Eating fast speed has a significant impact on postprandial glycaemic excursion in young healthy women: randomised controlled crossover trial$$$ Background and aims: Epidemiological studies have shown associations between self‐reported fast eating and diabetes, obesity, and other metabolic syndrome. However, interventional study of the effect of eating speed on glycaemic response has not been investigated. Our aim was to evaluate the acute effect of consuming test meals in different eating speed on glycaemic parameters by flash glucose monitoring system (FGM) in young healthy women. Materials and methods: In this randomized controlled two‐treatment cross‐over within‐subject trial, we compared postprandial glycaemic responses for varying eating speed over 2 days. Nineteen healthy women [20.8 ± 0.6 years, BMI 20.6 ± 1.9 kg/m2, HbA1c 34 ± 2 mmol/mol (5.4 ± 0.2%): mean ± SD] wore FGM for 6 days. Each participant consumed identical test meals in a different eating speed on the fourth and the fifth day. The test meals of breakfast, lunch, and dinner were consisted of boiled white rice, white bread, milk, vegetable, and frozen lunch boxes of glutenmeat steak and fried fish with vegetablewith energy 1,757 kcal, protein 67.2 g, fat 41.3 g, carbohydrate 282 g, and energy ratio of protein, fat, and carbohydrate were 15%, 21%, and 64%, respectively. All participants consumed breakfast at 07:00, lunch at 12:00, and dinner at 18:00. The eating protocol was controlled as follows$$$ in fast eating the participants consumed test meals in 10 min by mixture of vegetable, main dish, and carbohydrate, while in slow eating they consumed the identical test meals in 20 min by sequence of vegetable → main dish → carbohydrate on the fourth or the fifth day. The order of eating speed was random sequence prior to participants beginning the study. The daily glycaemic parameters were compared between 2 days of consuming identical meals in a different eating speed. Results: Themean amplitude of glycaemic excursion (MAGE$$$ 3.67 ± 0.31 vs. 2.67 ± 0.20 mmol/L, p < 0.01), standard deviation of glucose (SD$$$ 1.18 ± 0.10 vs. 0.92 ± 0.06 mmol/L, p < 0.05), incremental glucose peak (IGP$$$ breakfast 2.30 ± 0.19 vs. 1.71 ± 0.12 mmol/L, p < 0.01, lunch 4.06 ± 0.33 vs. 3.13 ± 0.28 mmol/L, p < 0.01, dinner 3.87 ± 0.38 vs. 2.27 ± 0.27 mmol/L, p < 0.001), and incremental area under the curve for glucose of dinner (IAUC$$$ 2h 256 ± 30 vs. 128 ± 18 mmol/L×min, p < 0.001, 3h 336 ± 34 vs. 200 ± 25mmol/L×min, p < 0.01, 4h 373 ± 35 vs. 260 ± 31 mmol/L×min, p < 0.01) of fast eating were all significantly higher compared to those of slow eating. Conclusion: The results of this interventional study suggest that the eating fast speed is associated with higher postprandial glucose concentrations and glycaemic excursion in young healthy women without diabetes.
The effect of orally applied encapsulated lipids in yoghurt on satiety and food intake: a randomized single-blind study with cross-over design$$$ INTERVENTION: Every subject receives two treatments on two different days with at least one week in between, following a randomized cross‐over design. On the test day, the subjects will arrive in fasted state and receive a standardized breakfast (small, low in fat, t=0 min). Once major part of the breakfast has been emptied from the stomach (t=90 min), they receive a yoghurt (0.2 L) that contains emulsified safflower oil (6 g) either encapsulated (yoghurt A) or non‐encapsulated (control, yoghurt B$$$ same oil droplet size as intervention and in presence of *empty* encapsulation matrix). Two hours after the intervention yoghurt, once the lipid will be released to the distal small intestine, ad libitum meal intake will be measured (t=210 min). encapsulation ileal brake safflower oil slow release CONDITION: $$$ obesity $$$ overweight 10003018 obesity overweight PRIMARY OUTCOME: To investigate whether encapsulation of lipids decreases ad libitum food intake $$$ compared to non‐encapsulated lipids in a formulation with equal nutrients $$$ (control).$$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: ‐ Feelings of satiety (VAS scores) $$$ ‐ Occurance and severity of GI symptoms (VAS scores) $$$ ‐ Yoghurt type specific differences in food intake, satiety and adverse GI $$$ symptoms $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: BMI (25‐30), healthy (Based on medical history and previous examination, no serious gastrointestinal complaints can be defined)
The accuracy of nutrition labels as a means of monitoring the reformulation of food in Ireland - The case of yoghurts$$$ Over half of the Irish population is overweight or obese. The Obesity Policy and Action Plan 2016‐2025 will set reformulation targets for fat, saturated fat and sugar in Ireland and review progress. In 2016, the Food Safety Authority of Ireland undertook a crosssectional market scan of yoghurts to evaluate the energy, fat, saturated fat and sugar content based solely on declared nutrition labels. The aims of this 2018 study were to verify the accuracy of declared nutrition information on yoghurts and to confirm the suitability of declared nutrition labels for energy, fat, saturated fat and sugar reformulation monitoring. Yoghurts identified in the 2016 market scan (n578) were weighted based on categorisation of manufacturer type (branded, own brand), product category (natural, flavoured and luxury) and declared nutrition content. Samples (n200) were randomly selected from these weighted groups and tested by a laboratory accredited for energy, fat, saturated fat, and sugar analysis. Data was analysed using IBM SPSS (version25). As data was not normally distributed, median values were investigated for declared and tested energy, fat, saturated fat and sugar content using Wilcoxon Signed‐Rank Test and Spearman Rank‐Order Correlation. Of the tested yoghurts, 3% (n6), 5% (n9) and 19% (n31) were outside the recommended European Commission (EC) labelling tolerance for fat, saturated fat and sugar, respectively. Tested nutrient content was consistently lower than declared. There was a statistically significant difference in declared vs. tested energy (87kcal vs. 84kcal p = 0.03), fat (2.7 g vs. 2.5 g p < 0.001), and sugar (9.9 g vs. 8.7 g p < 0.001) content per 100 g yoghurt. Declared vs. tested sugar content per 100 g yoghurt was statistically significant across all yoghurt types, including natural (4.8 g vs. 3.4 g p < 0.001), flavoured (9.7 g vs. 8.6 g p < 0.001) and luxury (15 g vs. 13.6 g p = 0.002). There was a statistically significant difference between declared vs. tested fat (2.8 g vs. 2.5 g p < 0.001) and saturated fat (1.9 g vs.1.6 g p = 0.017) content of own brand yoghurts per 100 g. There was a positive correlation between energy content and portion size (r = .2,p < 0.01). There was a high level of agreement between declared vs. tested fat and saturated fat content of yoghurts, but a lower level of agreement between declared vs. tested sugar content of yoghurts. This indicates that declared nutrition labels are suitable for reformulation monitoring of fat and saturated fat, but may not be suitable for sugar. This finding will be further investigated and tested in future work planned for nutrition label verification of other food categories.
Protocol for a multi-centre intervention to study short and medium-term effects of sweeteners on appetite-related behaviour, physiology, and health$$$ Keywords: Sweeteners Appetite Health RCT Abstract: The replacement of free sugars with low/zero energy sweeteners and sweetness enhancers (S&SEs) in food products is one method to reduce sugar intake while maintaining acceptance and palatability of the diet. As a result of consumer demand and various health policies (e.g., ‘sugar taxes’) the presence of S&SEs in the food supply is increasing. However, there is controversy surrounding the short‐ and medium‐term impact of S&SE‐containing products on appetite, and little is known about the mechanisms of action of S&SE types or blends. This multi‐centre, double blind, cross‐over, RCT aims to evaluate the effect of acute and repeated consumption of novel S&SE blends in semi‐solid and solid foods on appetite and related behavioural, metabolic and health outcomes. Five trials will be carried out at 5 intervention sites across 4 countries including 213 individuals with overweight or obesity. Five food matrices (cake, biscuits, yoghurt, chocolate, and breakfast cereal) will be tested across three formulations (sucrose‐sweetened control versus two reformulated products with S&SE blends) over a 14‐day period. The primary endpoint is composite appetite score using 3‐hour postprandial incremental area under the curve (iAUC) after 2 weeks. Secondary endpoints include food reward, food cravings, satiety biomarkers, hepatic function and glycaemic markers, and gastro‐intestinal symptoms. This project received funding from the European Union’s Horizon 2020 research and innovation programme under grant agreement No 774293.
Impact of Lactiplantibacillus plantarum Inducia on metabolic and antioxidative response in cholesterol and BMI variable indices: randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials$$$ Probiotics may have potential in reducing cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk in middle‐aged persons with borderline metabolic indices. The ability of potential probiotic Lactiplantibacillus plantarum Inducia to reduce CVD risk factors in persons with variable cholesterol and body mass indices (BMI) was assessed. In two parallel‐armed double‐blind placebo‐controlled interventions (n=136) and (n=104), participants daily received either test yoghurt (Inducia) or placebo yoghurt. BMI, blood pressure, plasma glucose, cholesterol, high‐sensitivity C‐reactive protein (hs‐CRP), oxidative stress and immunological markers were measured. Total counts of lactobacilli and L. plantarum Inducia were evaluated using real‐time PCR. Significant reduction of total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL‐c) and non‐high‐density cholesterol occurred in both trials. The change in cholesterol (P=0.023) in persons with normal BMI and borderline cholesterol levels after four weeks of yoghurt consumption was detected. A difference was also found between placebo and test yoghurt groups (P=0.042) in LDL‐c with normal BMI. Blood glucose reduction (P=0.01) and antioxidative effect was detected in overweight volunteers of the test yoghurt group. The suppression of oxidised LDL was associated with lowered oxidative stress index and total peroxide concentration values and faecal recovery of Inducia. The Inducia strain expresses antioxidative effect on blood lipids and has anti‐glycaemic impact that allow to apply it as dietary probiotic supplement for the management of CVD risks in humans.
Protocol for a multi-centre intervention to study short and medium-term effects of sweeteners on appetite-related behaviour, physiology, and health$$$ The replacement of free sugars with low/zero energy sweeteners and sweetness enhancers (S&SEs) in food products is one method to reduce sugar intake while maintaining acceptance and palatability of the diet. As a result of consumer demand and various health policies (e.g., 'sugar taxes') the presence of S&SEs in the food supply is increasing. However, there is controversy surrounding the short‐ and medium‐term impact of S&SE‐containing products on appetite, and little is known about the mechanisms of action of S&SE types or blends. This multi‐centre, double blind, cross‐over, RCT aims to evaluate the effect of acute and repeated consumption of novel S&SE blends in semi‐solid and solid foods on appetite and related behavioural, metabolic and health outcomes. Five trials will be carried out at 5 intervention sites across 4 countries including 213 individuals with overweight or obesity. Five food matrices (cake, biscuits, yoghurt, chocolate, and breakfast cereal) will be tested across three formulations (sucrose‐sweetened control versus two reformulated products with S&SE blends) over a 14‐day period. The primary endpoint is composite appetite score using 3‐hour postprandial incremental area under the curve (iAUC) after 2 weeks. Secondary endpoints include food reward, food cravings, satiety biomarkers, hepatic function and glycaemic markers, and gastro‐intestinal symptoms.
A randomized study on probiotics and their effect on vitamin K2 status$$$ INTERVENTION: To eat the content of 1 sachet of probiotics mixed with a cup of yoghurt or custard for 12 weeks. Everyday 1 sachet will be used. CONDITION: 10047635 vitamine K status $$$ nutritional status $$$ vitamin K status PRIMARY OUTCOME: vitamin K status ‐ measured as dephosphorylated uncarboxylated matrix gla $$$ protein.$$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: vitamin K metabolites in urine and stool $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: Higher cardiovascular risk without type 2 diabetes ‐ at least 1 of the following risk factors: o systolic blood pressure > 140mm Hg, diastolic blood pressure > 90 mmHg or use of blood pressure lowering medication and/or o Non‐fasting glucose >=7.8 and <11.1mmol/l. o Family history of cardiovascular disease < 65 years o Total cholesterol > 6.5 mmol/l or use of statins o Smokers >= 50 years o Estimated glomerular filtration rate > 30 and < 60 ml/min
Role of milk fat globule membrane in the regulation of blood lipids in humans: a randomized trial$$$ Dairy fat has in general cholesterol raising effects due to its high content of saturated fat. Some studies however suggest differential effects of various dairy products on blood lipids. The presence or absence of milk fat globule membrane (MFGM) might explain such discrepancies, possibly through the phospholipid content of MFGM, or its physical structure, or both. Some recent controlled supplementation studies have indicated that MFGM powder may counteract cholesterol raising effects. However no studies have tested foods that contain MFGM in its native form. We aimed to investigate the role of native MFGM on plasma lipoproteins, using common dairy foods. In a single‐blinded, 8‐week iso‐caloric trial, fifty‐seven overweight (mean BMI 28) but healthy men and women (mean age 58 years) were randomized to consume 40 g dairy fat/day with or without MFGM. All dairy products were provided and subjects were not allowed to consume any other dairy products during the study. Subjects visited the clinic weekly for weighing and food distribution. Based on daily checklists, compliance in both groups was excellent. There were no differences in serum fatty acid composition suggesting similar intake of saturated fat in both groups. Although blood lipids were primary outcome, other aspects of cholesterol metabolism (e.g. PCSK9, lathosterol and C4) will be investigated, as well as cardiometabolic risk factors and gene expression in peripheral blood mononuclear cells. Results will be presented at the meeting. This study could help to understand the divergent associations observed in the literature regarding intake of different dairy foods and cardiovascular risk.
Consumption of yogurt enriched with polar lipids from olive oil by-products reduces platelet sensitivity against platelet activating factor and inflammatory indices: a randomized, double-blind clinical trial$$$ Background and aims: Several studies have reported the positive cardio‐metabolic effects of yogurt consumption. The addition of olive oil's bioactive extracts into yogurt can result to a functional food with pleiotropic properties against cardiovascular diseases. A polar lipid extract of olive pomace (OOPLE) that contains platelet activating factor receptor (PAF‐R) antagonists, has been stated not only to inhibit the development of atherosclerotic plaques in hypercholesterolemic rabbits but also to regress the already formed plaques. The present study aims to investigate the effect of the daily intake of an OOPLE‐enriched low‐fat yogurt, on the metabolic profile, ex vivo platelet aggregation and markers of thrombosis and inflammation, in healthy, mainly overweight volunteers. Methods and results: A randomized, three‐arm, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, parallel‐group, 8 weeks duration, clinical trial was performed in apparently healthy adults (35–65 years old). Group A (control group) consumed at most one yogurt every two weeks, Group B (plain yogurt) consumed one serving of plain yogurt every day and Group C (enriched yogurt) consumed one serving of yogurt, enriched with OOPLE, daily. Enriched yogurt intake resulted in lower levels of IL‐10 and to lower platelet sensitivity against PAF, compared to the other two groups (p‐values<0.05), while no impact on energy intake, body weight, glucose and lipid metabolism was detected. Lower levels of IL‐6 were observed only at 4 weeks enriched yogurt intake (p = 0.03) compared to plain yogurt. Conclusion: Intake of the enriched yogurt resulted in reduced PAF‐induced platelet aggregation and suppression of IL‐10 levels. Registration number for clinical trials: NCT02259205.
Short-term effects of a novel fat emulsion on appetite and food intake$$$ The objective of the study was to confirm the satiety/energy intake effect of a novel fat emulsion (Olibra) versus placebo in the short term. A randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, crossover design was used. 41 subjects participated in the study (n=21: junior‐normal weight: age 23.7+/‐2.8 years$$$ BMI: 22.0+/‐1.6 kg/m(2)$$$ n = 20: senior‐overweight: age 43.6+/‐4.9 years$$$ BMI: 27.7+/‐1.6 kg/m(2)). An energy intake and satiety test (with questionnaires) took place on 2 occasions, with placebo or test yoghurt as breakfast. In the junior‐normal weight subjects, consumption of test yoghurt reduced hunger and desire to eat during the morning (area under curve, p<0.05) and increased the time elapsed between consumption of the yoghurt and the point at which hunger scores returned to baseline$$$ 234+/‐79 min in the test condition compared to 174+/‐58 min in the placebo condition (p<0.05). No significant differences in appetite scores between the test and placebo yoghurt were seen for the senior‐overweight subjects. No effect on energy intake was seen in the total group, in the junior‐normal weight and senior‐overweight subjects. In conclusion, the Olibra emulsion exerted a suppressive effect on the area under the curve of appetite ratings over 3 h in normal weight women aged 18 to 30 years. The Olibra emulsion did not affect subsequent energy intake in either group.
Induction of p53 expression in skin by radiotherapy and UV radiation: a randomized study$$$ BACKGROUND: p53 protein plays an important role in the response to DNA damage, and radiotherapy can cause radiation dermatitis. p53 and p21 levels increase in vitro when DNA is damaged by UVA, UVB, or gamma‐radiation. To determine whether this response occurs in human skin and predicts the level of radiation dermatitis, we investigated levels of p53 and p21 in skin exposed to different types of radiation as part of a randomized study of women with breast cancer to evaluate topical steroid or emollient cream treatments for radiation dermatitis of their irradiated breast. METHODS: After surgery but before receiving tangential 5‐mV photo‐beam radiotherapy (2 Gy and 54 Gy) to the affected breast parenchyma, multiple areas on the backs of 50 women were irradiated with UVA and other areas were irradiated with UVB. Skin biopsy samples were taken from areas of normal unirradiated skin and all irradiated areas, and p53 and p21 were detected immunohistochemically. All statistical tests are two‐sided. RESULTS: In skin irradiated with UVA or UVB, medians of 4.4% (range = 0%‐40.5%) or 45.5% (range = 5.3%‐74.6%) p53‐positive keratinocytes, respectively, were observed. Radiotherapy produced medians of 31.0% (range = 0%‐79.3%) p53‐immunoreactive cells after 2 Gy of radiation and 83.2% (range = 37.6%‐95.2%) after 54 Gy of radiation. Despite large interindividual differences in p53 response, comparable increases in epidermal p53 response were independent of the type of radiation. A correlation between p53 and p21 was also evident (r(s) =.78). In breast skin, there was no association between the p53 response and the degree of erythema (a measure of radiation dermatitis) and no statistically significant difference between treatment arms and p21/p53 responses. CONCLUSIONS: Individual responses to radiation‐induced DNA damage varied widely and may be independent of the type of radiation. The epidermal p53 response does not predict the degree of radiation dermatitis.
Dose-response effects of a novel fat emulsion (Olibra) on energy and macronutrient intakes up to 36 h post-consumption$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the dose‐response effects of a novel fat emulsion (Olibra) on energy and macronutrient intakes up to 36 h post‐consumption in non‐overweight subjects. DESIGN: A single‐blind, placebo‐controlled, within‐subject cross‐over design was used. SETTING: Metabolic suite of the University of Ulster, Coleraine. SUBJECTS: Fifty subjects (30 female, 20 male) from the student and staff population of the University of Ulster, Coleraine. INTERVENTIONS: Subjects were given in random order, 7 days apart, a 200 g portion of yoghurt containing a total of 15 g of fat, which varied in quantity of Olibra fat (0, 2, 4, 6 g) at 09:00 h. At 13:00 h subjects were given ad libitum access to a range of foods. Amounts of food consumed were measured by covert pre‐ and post‐consumption weighing of individual serving dishes. For the remainder of the day and the following 24 h, subjects weighed and recorded all food intakes. RESULTS: Relative to the control yoghurt, mean energy (7.42 vs 5.83, 5.60, 5.24 MJ), fat (97.4 vs 74.4, 74.2, 67.5 g$$$ 48.8 vs 46.8, 48.9, 47.6% energy), protein (59.1 vs 50.0, 44.0, 40.8 g$$$ 13.2 vs 13.9, 12.9, 12.8% energy), and carbohydrate (171.5 vs 140.9, 130.2, 126.0 g$$$ 38.0 vs 39.3, 38.2, 39.6% energy), intakes were progressively reduced with increasing doses of Olibra fat in the total group (P<0.001). A similar response was observed in the female group up to 4 g (P<0.001) and in the male group after 2 and 6 g (P<0.05). Energy and macronutrient intakes for the remainder of each study day and over the following 24 h were significantly lower after all dose levels compared to the control (P<0.001). CONCLUSION: The results suggest that Olibra fat reduced the effect of overeating during an ad libitum lunch meal and subsequent food intake up to 36 h post‐consumption.
Effects of different fractions of whey protein on postprandial lipid and hormone responses in type 2 diabetes$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Exacerbated postprandial lipid responses are associated with an increased cardiovascular risk. Dietary proteins influence postprandial lipemia differently, and whey protein has a preferential lipid‐lowering effect. We compared the effects of different whey protein fractions on postprandial lipid and hormone responses added to a high‐fat meal in type 2 diabetic subjects. SUBJECTS/METHODS: A total of 12 type 2 diabetic subjects ingested four isocaloric test meals in randomized order. The test meals contained 100 g of butter and 45 g of carbohydrate in combination with 45 g of whey isolate (iso‐meal), whey hydrolysate (hydro‐meal), α‐lactalbumin enhanced whey (lac‐meal) or caseinoglycomacropeptide enhanced whey (CGMP‐meal). Plasma concentrations of triglyceride, retinyl palmitate, free fatty acid, insulin, glucose, glucagon, glucagon‐like peptide 1 and glucose‐dependent insulinotropic peptide were measured before and at regular intervals until 8‐h postprandially. RESULTS: We found no statistical significant differences between meals on our primary variable triglyceride. The retinyl palmitate response was higher after the hydro‐meal than after the iso‐ and lac‐meal in the chylomicron‐rich fraction (P=0.008) while no significant differences were found in the chylomicron‐poor fraction. The hydro‐ and iso‐meal produced a higher insulin response compared with the lac‐ and CGMP‐meal (P<0.001). Otherwise no significant differences in the hormone responses were found in the incremental area under the curve over the 480‐min period. CONCLUSIONS: A supplement of four different whey protein fractions to a fat‐rich meal had similar effects on postprandial triglyceride responses in type 2 diabetic subjects. Whey isolate and whey hydrolysate caused a higher insulin response.
1142P The influence of food with different fat concentrations on alectinib exposure: a randomized cross-over pharmacokinetic trial$$$ Background: Alectinib is the keystone treatment in anaplastic lymphoma kinase positive (ALK+) non‐small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). An exposure‐response threshold of 435 ng/mL has been established, above which the survival was prolonged significantly. However, 37% of patients did not reach this threshold. Since alectinib is orally administered twice daily and its absorption is largely influenced by food, further investigation into this relationship is needed to improve treatment efficacy. Methods: A randomized three‐period cross‐over clinical trial was set up to compare alectinib exposure in ALK+ NSCLC patients with three different diets. Every 7 days, the first dose of alectinib was taken with A$$$ a standardized continental breakfast at 8 AM, B$$$ a 250 gram low‐fat yoghurt at 8 AM, or C$$$ a self‐chosen lunch at 12 PM. The second dose was taken with self‐chosen dinner at 7 PM. Pharmacokinetic sampling for alectinib exposure (Ctrough) was performed at day 8 of each period prior to alectinib intake. A linear mixed model was used to calculate the relative difference in Ctrough levels 12 hours after last intake. For multiple testing, Bonferroni correction was applied. Toxicity was assessed during all study periods. Results: Eighteen patients were evaluable. Ctrough decreased with 16% (‐24 to ‐8%$$$ 95% CI, p=0.002) and 20% (‐26 to ‐14%$$$ 95% CI, p<0.001) when taken with low‐fat yoghurt compared to continental breakfast and self‐chosen lunch respectively. Exposure with self‐chosen lunch, however, did not change the exposure compared to a continental breakfast (+5%, ‐4 to +14%$$$ 95% CI, p>0.6). In addition, in the low‐fat yoghurt period, 39% of the patients did not reach the efficacy threshold of 435 ng/mL, versus 6% during the other diets (p<0.01). No differences in toxicities were observed. Conclusions: Alectinib intake with low‐fat yoghurt resulted in a clinically relevant decrease in alectinib exposure, that could impair treatment efficacy. Patients and physicians should be warned for this potentially dangerous food‐drug interaction. Compared to a continental breakfast, alectinib intake with a self‐chosen lunch did not significantly alter drug exposure. Hence, this could be a safe and patient‐friendly alternative for a continental breakfast. Clinical trial identification: Netherlands Trial Register: NL9702. Legal entity responsible for the study: The authors. Funding: Has not received any funding. Disclosure: M.G.D. Veerman: Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Lilly. S.L. Koolen: Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: Promise Proteomics. A.C. Dingemans: Financial Interests, Institutional, Advisory Board: Roche, Sanofi, Amgen, Bayer, Boehringer Ingelheim$$$ Financial Interests, Institutional, Invited Speaker: Takeda, Lilly, Jansen, Pfizer, AstraZeneca, Lilly, Amgen, Daiichi, Roche, Roche, JNJ, Mirati$$$ Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: Amgen$$$ Non‐Financial Interests, Other, Chair lung cancer group$$$ EORTC$$$ Non‐Financial Interests, Member: IASCL, ASCO, AACR. R.H. Mathijssen: Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: Novartis$$$ Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Role: Servier$$$ Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Patent pending: Pamgene$$$ Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: Astellas, Bayer, Boehringer Ingelheim, Cristal Therapeutics, Pamgene, Pfizer, Novartis, Roche, Servier. All other authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
Risk of intake of E171 on development of colorectal cancer$$$ INTERVENTION: This study is a cross‐over design and will be done in 4 weeks and include 2 periods. The volunteers will be randomized in two groups: one group will start with the intervention period and the other one will start with the control period. After, these 2 weeks of intervention or control periods, the volunteers will start the control period and intervention period respectively for another 2 weeks. The control period, is meant to reduce to a minimum the ingestion of E171 in order to have all the volunteers to start the same level of E171. During this period the volunteers will receive a list of products to avoid like cookies, chewing gum, certain toothpaste that are known to contain a significant amount of E171.The intervention period, is meant to control the amount of E171 that the volunteers will ingest. A concentration, 0.82 mg/kg bw/day, corresponding to a normal daily consumption will be given to the volunteers. The quantity will be adjusted to the body weight and dispersed in yoghurt that will be eaten at breakfast, lunch and dinner. CONDITION: Colorectal cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: The main outcome parameter in this study is the difference in the gene expression profiles due to exposure to the food additive E171.$$$ In order to evaluate the impact of the food additive E171 on gene expression changes and to modify molecular processes involved in human cancer development colon biopsies will be analysed for transcriptomic responses to the exposure to E171. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary outcome parameters include:$$$ ‐ Inflammatory markers such as ROS in the rectal epithelium and blood. $$$ ‐ A rectal swab will be taken in order to evaluate the effect on the microbiome. INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ Healthy with a Body Mass Index (BMI) between 18‐27, male or female ‐ Between 18‐70 years old
Effect of food additive E171 (titanium dioxide) on the development of colorectal cancer, an early biomarkers research$$$ INTERVENTION: During the study, the subjects will follow two different periods: a two weeks control period and a two weeks intervention period. The aim of the control period is to reduce to a minimum the exposure to E171. Therefore, the subjects will be given a list of tiO2‐containing products to avoid during these two weeks. The aim of the intervention period is to observe the effect of E171 in the colon, by making a gene expression profile and measuring biomarkers of exposure to E171. For this, the subjects will be given yoghurt to eat 3 times a day in which a normal daily amount of E171 will be added. CONDITION: $$$ colon inflammation $$$ gut inflammation 10017969 PRIMARY OUTCOME: The primary outcome parameters are differences in transcriptomic markers after $$$ consumption of food additive E171. These outcomes in humans will demonstrate if $$$ the intake of E171 in humans results in changes in molecular processes that are $$$ associated with increased colorectal cancer risk. $$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary outcome parameters include inflammatory markers such as ROS in the $$$ rectal epithelium. These outcomes will help to understand the inflammatory $$$ mechanisms that may be indicative of the risk to developing colorectal cancer. $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: Healthey volonteers with a Body Mass Inde X(BMI) between 18‐27, male or femelle and between 18‐70 years old
Lipase inhibition attenuates the acute inhibitory effects of oral fat on food intake in healthy subjects$$$ The lipase inhibitor, orlistat, is used in the treatment of obesity and reduces fat absorption by about 30%. However, the mean weight loss induced by orlistat is less than expected for the degree of fat malabsorption. It was hypothesised that lipase inhibition with orlistat attenuates the suppressive effects of oral fat on subsequent energy intake in normal‐weight subjects. Fourteen healthy, lean subjects (nine males, five females$$$ aged 25 +/‐ 1.3 years) were studied twice, in a double‐blind fashion. The subjects received a high‐fat yoghurt 'preload' (males 400 g (2562 kJ)$$$ females 300 g (1923 kJ)), containing orlistat (120 mg) on one study day (and no orlistat on the other 'control' day), 30 min before ad libitum access to food and drinks$$$ energy intake was assessed during the following 8 h. Blood samples were taken at regular intervals for the measurement of plasma cholecystokinin (CCK). Each subject performed a 3 d faecal fat collection following each study. Energy intake during the day was greater following orlistat (10,220 (SEM 928) kJ) v. control (9405 (SEM 824) kJ) (P=0.02). On both days plasma CCK increased (P<0.05) after the preload. Plasma CCK 20 min following ingestion of the preload was less after orlistat (4.1 (SEM 0.9) pmol/l) v. control (5.3 (SEM 0.9) pmol/l (P=0.028)$$$ however there was no difference in the area under the curve 0‐510 min between the two study days. Fat excretion was greater following orlistat (1017 (SEM 168) kJ) v. control (484 (SEM 90) kJ) (P=0.004). In conclusion, in healthy, lean subjects the acute inhibitory effect of fat on subsequent energy intake is attenuated by orlistat and the increase in energy intake approximates the energy lost due to fat malabsorption.
An analysis of the "Effect of Olibra: a 12-week randomized control trial and a review of earlier studies"$$$ Nutrients affect hunger and satiety. However, food structure, in particular that of emulsions, may also affect the body's satiety mechanisms. Olibra™ is a fat emulsion, a mixture of fractionated palm oil and fractionated oat oil manufactured by Lipid Technologies Provider AB, Sweden, which affects hunger sensation. However, up to now, no data have shown convincingly that reduced appetite or hunger sensations induced by Olibra lead, in the long run, to a significant and clinically relevant reduction in body mass. To clearly demonstrate a cause‐and‐effect relationship of Olibra to weight loss, it seems that longer studies with strict control of energy intake and nutrient composition, as well as control of energy expenditure by exercise, are needed.
Impact of a Powdered Meal Replacement on Metabolism and Gut Microbiota (PREMIUM) in individuals with excessive body weight: a study protocol for a randomised controlled trial$$$ Introduction Excess body weight is associated with a state of low‐grade chronic inflammation and alterations of the gut microbiome. Powdered meal replacements (PMR) have been shown to be an effective strategy for weight management$$$ however, their effect on inflammation and the gut microbiome remains unclear. The aim of this 12‐week randomised control clinical trial is to investigate the effects of PMR consumption, here given as a soy‐yoghurt‐honey formula, on inflammation, gut microbiome and overall metabolism in individuals with excessive body weight. Methods and analysis Healthy adults with excess body weight (n=88) are being recruited and randomly assigned to one of the following groups: (1) Control group (CON): maintaining usual diet for 12 weeks, or (2) PMR group: replacing morning and afternoon snacks daily with a PMR for 12 weeks. Participants are asked to maintain body weight throughout the study and fill out a journal with information about PMR consumption, body weight, food intake, appetite sensations and medications. Three study visits are required: baseline, week 6 and week 12. Outcome measures include systemic inflammatory biomarkers, gut microbiome composition, metabolic blood markers, host energy metabolism, body composition, appetite sensations and host gene expression profile. Ethics and dissemination This research protocol was approved by the University of Alberta Ethics Board (Pro00070712) and adheres to the Canadian Tri‐Council Policy statement on the use of human participants in research. Procedures and potential risks are fully discussed with participants. Study findings will be disseminated in peer‐reviewed journals, conference presentations and social media. Trial registration number NCT03235804.
Digestive tolerance of several doses of a sugar replacing product$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention: The following 4 treatments will be used in the study: ‐ Treatment 1: a low dose of product X(30 g/d): ‐ Treatment 2: a middle dose of product X(50 g/d) ‐ Treatment 3: a high dose of product X(70 g/d) ‐ Treatment 4: reference (table top sugar) (40 g/d) All treatments will be supplied to the subjects in processed foods (e.g., cake) Subjects will consume the study products daily at home for a period of 2 weeks. Evaluation of the GI complaints will be performed using a questionnaire directly following the 2 weeks of consumption. Subjects will keep a diary, in which they register the daily consumption of the study products, the frequency and appearance of defecations and any other remarks or complaints. CONDITION: uiteindelijk doel preventie van overgewicht $$$ obesitas reduction$$$ metabolic disorder PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main study parameters/endpoints: The tolerance of the products will be $$$ evaluated by questionnaires filled in directly following a two week period of $$$ consumption of each of the products at home. Also the reported GI complaints $$$ will be evaluated by the daily filled in diary, in which they register the $$$ consumption of the study products, the frequency and appearance of defecations $$$ and any other remarks or complaints such as flatulence.$$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: Not applicable $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: Healthy as assessed by * the TNO health and lifestyle questionnaire * results of the pre‐study laboratory test 2 Females and males, age * 20 and * 60 years at Day 01 of the study 3 Body Mass Inde X(BMI) * 18 ‐ * 32 kg/m2 4 Having a regular defecation frequency 5 Regular and normal Dutch eating habits (consuming mostly three main meals including breakfast) and snacks as assessed by the questionnaire on health and lifestyle 6 Daily user of table top sugar in coffee, tea, yoghurt, etc
Similar effects of foods high in protein, carbohydrate and fat on subsequent spontaneous food intake in healthy individuals$$$ Pre‐loads high in protein, as compared to carbohydrate and fat, produce greater satiety and reduce food intake after a fixed time interval. This study investigated the effect of macronutrient composition on spontaneous eating behaviour. On four separate occasions, 16 fasted, healthy, non‐obese men, blinded to the true purpose of the study, consumed iso‐energetic ( approximately 3MJ) yoghurt‐based pre‐loads of equivalent weight ( approximately 0.5 kg), high in fat (40%) [HF], carbohydrate (60%) [HC] or protein (29%) [HP], and no pre‐load in a randomized, single‐blind fashion. Subjects ate at will from a selection of food items for the remainder of the day (7 h) with the time of food requests (h) and energy content (kJ) and macronutrient distribution (%) of food eaten recorded. The three pre‐loads delayed the first spontaneous request for food by 1.5‐1.8 h relative to no pre‐load. Total spontaneous food intake was suppressed 29% [HP], 20% [HF] and 17% [HC] by the pre‐loads. Neither the amount of food eaten per spontaneous eating episode, nor the spontaneous eating frequency differed statistically following ingestion of the different pre‐loads or no pre‐load. In this study, in subjects who were free to choose when as well as how much they ate, a high‐protein pre‐load exerted similar effects on satiety as did iso‐energetic high‐fat and high‐carbohydrate pre‐loads.
Health promoting effect of synbiotic yogurt containing pomegranate polyphenols: scientific evidence$$$ Objective: To evaluate the effects of a synbiotic yogurt, a novel product on lipid profile and blood pressure (BP) in mildly to moderately hypercholesterolemic and hypertensive subjects. Methods: Synbiotic yogurt contained probiotic cultures, L. rhamnusis and L. acidophilus, 2% prebiotic fructooligosaccharide, inulin and 20% pomegranate juice concentrate (PJC) was used as dietary supplement. This product had 90% probiotics survivability, 72% total phenolic compounds and 68% antioxidant activity over a 4‐week period of refrigerated storage. To assess its health benefits, an 8‐weeks parallel, double‐blinded, randomised trial was conducted with 48 male and female volunteers, aged 30‐65 years, consuming a daily serve of 200 g yogurt. Subjects were assigned to 3 groups: a control$$$ group 2 consumed the synbiotic yogurt without PJC, and group 3 consumed the same synbiotic yogurt containing 20% PJC. Fasting blood samples, 3d dietary records, anthropometric measurements and BP were collected at baseline, end of 4 and 8weeks. Results: Lipid profile parameters showed that consumption of the synbiotic yogurt containing PJC resulted in 6% decrease in total cholesterol and 8.3% decrease in low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL‐C) levels compared with the controls. Systolic blood pressure was reduced by 3.70mmHg and diastolic blood pressure by 2.33mm Hg. No significant changes from the baseline were observed in triglycerides and HDL‐C levels. Total cholesterol: HDLC ratio and LDL‐C: HDL‐C ratio as atherogenic indices significantly decreased in group 3 that consumed synbiotic yogurt containing PJC compared with the control group. Conclusion: This study indicates the combined effectiveness of probiotics, prebiotics and polyphenols in the synbiotic yogurt in modulating total cholesterol and LDL‐C levels in mildly to moderately hypercholesterolemic population and its effectiveness in ameliorating cardiovascular disease risk factors in bothwomenand men.
Effect of food matrix on bioavailability of cocoa polyphenols$$$ INTERVENTION: On 5 days in the 3 weeks trial period the volunteers will randomly consume one of five soy or yoghurt based test drinks with or without cocoa extract. At the end of the study the volunteers will have consumed one of each test drink. CONDITION: De uitkomsten van deze studie gaan gebruikt worden voor een geplande vervolgstudie naar het effect van cacaopolyfenolen op de bloeddruk. Deze biobeschikbaarheidsstudie heeft zelf niet op een aandoening betrekking. $$$ high blood pressure $$$ Hypertension PRIMARY OUTCOME: Two types of body fluids will be collected, i.e. urine and blood. We will focus $$$ in plasma on the kinetic profiles of catechins by using HPLC and LC‐MS $$$ techniques. The 24‐hour urine samples contain accumulated metabolites in $$$ relatively high concentrations. We will measure several phenolic metabolites by $$$ using GC‐MS. $$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: The effects of cocoa polyphenols on the plasma lipid profile and glucose will $$$ be evaluated. Total cholesterol, LDL‐C, HDL‐C, TG and glucose will be measured $$$ by quantitive clinical chemical analysis using the Hitachi 912 analyzer. $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: Male Age 18‐70 years Body Mass Inde X(BMI) 19‐30 kg/m2 Reported alcohol consumption < 28 alcohol units/week Willing to refrain from food and foodsupplements that contain polyphenols during the study Informed consent signed Prepared to consume test products for the duration of the study and comply with the background diet. Prepared to donate blood samples during the study, and prepared to fill out questionnaires. Urine parameters within normal reference range as judged by the research physician Clinical chemical parameters within the normal reference range as judged by research physician Accessible veins on both arms as determined by research physician
Under-reporting of dietary intake by smoking and non-smoking subjects counselled for hypercholesterolaemia$$$ OBJECTIVES: We asked whether under‐reporting of energy and cigarette smoking were associated with choice of foods and dietary composition amongst subjects with hypercholesterolaemia who had received dietary instruction to lower serum cholesterol. DESIGN, SETTING AND SUBJECTS: Dietary intake was assessed with a 4‐day weighed food record in 205 women and 141 men, aged 20‐73 years, being treated at a lipid clinic (tertiary referral centre). Under‐reporting was assessed by calculating the ratio of energy intake (EI) to estimated basal metabolic rate (BMR). RESULTS: The median EI/BMR was 1.1 for both men and women. EI/BMR did not differ according to smoking status, but correlated negatively with body mass index (Spearman's rho = ‐0.32, P = 0.0001). EI/BMR was inversely associated with energy‐adjusted intakes of potatoes, vegetables, fish and low‐fat meats, and positively associated with intakes of nuts, potato crisps, chocolate, sour and ice cream, oils, fatty meat spreads, cakes and biscuits, and with alcohol. Thus, low EI/BMR was associated with increased energy‐adjusted intakes of protein, thiamine, riboflavin, niacin, iron and cholesterol and with decreased intakes of sugar, poly‐ and monounsaturated fats and vitamin E (all P < 0.05). Cigarette smokers had a higher energy percentage (E%) from fat than non‐smokers (29 +/‐ 6 vs. 26 +/‐ 6), a lower E% from carbohydrates (50 +/‐ 7 vs. 54 +/‐ 7) and a lower intake of vitamin C (11 +/‐ 7 vs. 16 +/‐ 9 mg MJ‐1$$$ all P = 0.0001), reflecting an increased intake of fatty meats and a decreased intake of skimmed cheese, fruit, rice and pasta, and cakes and biscuits (all P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: Weighed dietary records reflected a 'healthier' intake of fat, protein, sugar, alcohol and some micronutrients amongst under‐reporters, suggesting that self‐reported dietary intakes are biased in patients with hypercholesterolaemia. Lack of responsiveness to the diet should not be assumed when dietary data are based on self‐report. Smokers report a higher intake of fat and lower intake of vitamin C than non‐smokers, even after dietary counsel, and may require more intensive interventions to optimize the diet.
Consumption of vitamin D-and calcium-fortified soft white cheese lowers the biochemical marker of bone resorption TRAP 5b in postmenopausal women at moderate risk of osteoporosis fracture$$$ The prevention of increased bone remodeling in postmenopausal women at low 10‐y risk of osteoporotic fractures essentially relies on reinforcement of environmental factors known to positively influence bone health, among which nutrition plays an important role. In institutionalized women in their mid‐eighties, we previously found that consumption of fortified soft plain cheese increased vitamin D, calcium, and protein intakes, reduced bone resorption biochemical markers, particularly the serum bone specific acid phosphatase tartrate resistant acid phosphatase, isoform 5b (TRAP 5b) that reflects osteoclast activity, and stimulated the serum bone anabolic factor insulin‐like growth factor‐I (IGF‐I). Whether these effects occur in much younger women was tested in a prospective control study. Seventy‐one healthy postmenopausal women aged 56.6 ± 3.9 y (mean ± SD) with low spontaneous supply of both Ca and vitamin D were randomized to consume daily (treated, n = 36) or not (controls, n = 35) two servings (2 × 100 g) of skimmed‐milk, soft plain cheese for 6 wk. The vitamin D and Ca‐fortified dairy product provided daily: 661 kJ, 2.5 μg vitamin D, 400 mg calcium, and 13.8 g protein. At the end of the intervention, the decrease in TRAP 5b and the increase in IGF‐I were greater in the treated than in the control group (P < 0.02). The changes in serum carboxy terminal crosslinked telopeptide of type I collagen did not differ significantly between the two groups. In conclusion, like in elderly women, consumption by healthy postmenopausal women of a vitamin D and calcium‐fortified dairy product that also increases the protein intake, reduces the serum concentration of the bone resorption biomarker TRAP 5b. This response, combined with the increase in serum IGF‐I, is compatible with a nutrition‐induced reduction in postmenopausal bone loss rate.
Enhancing immunity by dietary consumption of a probiotic lactic acid bacterium (Bifidobacterium lactis HN019): optimization and definition of cellular immune responses$$$ OBJECTIVE: To define the cellular basis for immune enhancement by a probiotic lactic acid bacteria strain (Bifidobacterium lactis HN019)$$$ and to determine whether immune enhancement can be optimized by delivery in oligosaccharide‐enriched low‐fat milk. DESIGN: A double‐blind, three‐stage before‐and‐after intervention trial. SETTING: Taipei Medical College Hospital, Taipei, Taiwan. SUBJECTS: Fifty healthy Taiwanese citizens (age range 41‐81$$$ median 60) randomly allocated to two groups. INTERVENTIONS: In stage 1 (run‐in control stage) all subjects consumed reconstituted low‐fat milk (LFM) for 3 weeks$$$ in stage 2 (probiotic intervention) subjects consumed B. lactis in LFM (group A) or B. lactis in lactose‐hydrolysed LFM (group B) for 3 weeks$$$ in stage 3 all subjects returned to non‐supplemented LFM for a further 3 weeks (washout stage). The innate immune functions of two different leucocyte types (polymorphonuclear (PMN) cells and natural killer (NK) cells) were assessed at four time points via in vitro analyses on peripheral blood samples. RESULTS: While consumption of LFM alone had no significant effect on immune responses, stage 2 results indicated significantly enhanced PMN cell phagocytosis and NK cell tumour killing activity following consumption of milk containing B. lactis. These increases levelled off following cessation of B. lactis consumption, but remained above the pre‐treatment values. Increases in PMN and NK cell activity were greatest among subjects who consumed B. lactis in lactose‐hydrolysed LFM. CONCLUSIONS: Dietary consumption of the probiotic bacterium B. lactis HN019 enhanced immune function of two different types of leucocytes$$$ the degree of enhancement was increased by consuming B. lactis in an oligosaccharide‐rich substrate. SPONSORSHIP: Financial support was provided by the New Zealand Dairy Board.
Brahmi Nei for Diabetic Neuropathy$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Brahmi Nei for Diabetic Neuropathy: 2 parts of Fresh juice of Brahmi plant will be obtained. The fresh juice of Brahmi plant will be mixed with the 1 part of Cow’s ghee Then the mixture will be allowed to boil till it reaches the ghee consistency. Dosage : 5 g bd Duration : 48 days Control Intervention1: NIL: NIL CONDITION: Health Condition 1: G629‐ Polyneuropathy, unspecified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Outcome will be assessed by: $$$ Measuring the reduction in severity of signs and symptoms using staging scales, such as transitioning from, $$$ N2b to N2a/N1a/ NO $$$ N2a to N1a/NO $$$ N1a to NO $$$ Timepoint: 48 days $$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: Measuring the reduction in severity of signs & symptoms $$$ Timepoint: 40 days INCLUSION CRITERIA: K/C/O of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus more than 5 years Stage N2a and N2b (NCBI staging of Diabetic Neuropathy)
Agave fructans enhance the effects of fermented milk products on obesity biomarkers: a randomised trial$$$ Dysbiosis has been implicated in childhood obesity. Oral intake of fermented milk containing Lacticaseibacillus casei strain Shirota preserves gut microbiota (GM) diversity in children and adults. This study was a double‐blind trial involving 37 overweight or obese children aged 6‐10 years. Children were followed over a 6‐week intervention period in which they received different fermented milk products containing L. casei Shirota: 10 in the first group received just L. casei Shirota$$$ 13 received L. casei Shirota with 3 g/day of inulin (L. casei+inulin)$$$ and 14 received L. casei Shirota with 3 g/day of fructans from Agave salmiana (L. casei+fructans). Principal component analysis showed the relationship between microbial abundance, GM metabolites, and other obesity‐related markers. Supplementation with probiotics and synbiotics improved the HDL‐cholesterol levels of overweight and obese children, although no changes in body composition were detected. We observed an increase in butyrate or propionate concentrations in the L. casei+fructans group compared to the end of the intervention (P<0.03). A diminished level of ANGPTL4 within the L. casei+fructans group (P=0.04) was also found, but no differences when lipopolysaccharide‐binding protein was evaluated. The FFAR2+ cell frequency decreased between baseline and at the end of 6‐week intervention in L. casei+inulin (P=0.02) and L. casei+fructans groups (P=0.04). In contrast, the percentage of CD14+FFAR3+ frequency increased in the same groups (P=0.04). The L. casei Shirota with inulin or fructans modulates GM, which improves the lipid profile and changes at a molecular level, such as expression of FFAR3 and FFAR2, ANGPTL4, propionate, and butyrate. It, therefore, could be considered an interesting therapeutic possibility for treating childhood overweight and obesity. The study was registered at ClinicalTrials.gov (ID: NCT05423015).
Fermented milk improves glucose metabolism in exercise-induced muscle damage in young healthy men$$$ BACKGROUND: This study investigated the effect of fermented milk supplementation on glucose metabolism associated with muscle damage after acute exercise in humans. METHODS: Eighteen healthy young men participated in each of the three trials of the study: rest, exercise with placebo, and exercise with fermented milk. In the exercise trials, subjects carried out resistance exercise consisting of five sets of leg and bench presses at 70‐100% 12 repetition maximum. Examination beverage (fermented milk or placebo) was taken before and after exercise in double‐blind method. On the following day, we conducted an analysis of respiratory metabolic performance, blood collection, and evaluation of muscle soreness. RESULTS: Muscle soreness was significantly suppressed by the consumption of fermented milk compared with placebo (placebo, 14.2 ± 1.2 score vs. fermented milk, 12.6 ± 1.1 score, p < 0.05). Serum creatine phosphokinase was significantly increased by exercise, but this increase showed a tendency of suppression after the consumption of fermented milk. Exercise significantly decreased the respiratory quotient (rest, 0.88 ± 0.01 vs. placebo, 0.84 ± 0.02, p < 0.05), although this decrease was negated by the consumption of fermented milk (0.88 ± 0.01, p < 0.05). Furthermore, exercise significantly reduced the absorption capacity of serum oxygen radical (rest, 6.9 ± 0.4 μmol TE/g vs. placebo, 6.0 ± 0.3 μmol TE/g, p <���0.05), although this reduction was not observed with the consumption of fermented milk (6.2 ± 0.3 μmol TE/g). CONCLUSION: These results suggest that fermented milk supplementation improves glucose metabolism and alleviates the effects of muscle soreness after high‐intensity exercise, possibly associated with the regulation of antioxidant capacity.
Effect of increased intake of skimmed milk, casein, whey or water on body composition and leptin in overweight adolescents: a randomized trial$$$ BACKGROUNDS: Dairy proteins may support muscle protein synthesis and improve satiety in adults. However, there are limited studies using exact measures of body composition, especially in adolescents. OBJECTIVES: This study investigates the effect of milk proteins and water on body composition and leptin in overweight adolescents. METHODS: Subjects (n = 193) aged 12‐15 years were randomized to drink 1 L d(‐1) of skimmed milk, whey, casein (all milk‐based drinks 35 g protein L(‐1) ) or water for 12 weeks. Twenty participants dropped out. A pre‐test control group of 32 adolescents was examined 12 weeks before start of intervention. Outcomes included leptin and dual‐energy X‐ray absorptiometry scanning. The effects of the milk‐based drinks on body composition and leptin were compared with baseline, pre‐test control and water. RESULTS: Lean mass index (LMI) increased compared to baseline (all 95% confidence intervals 0.05‐0.50 kg m(‐2) , all P ≤ 0.009) and the pre‐test control group (0.044‐0.247 kg m(‐2) , P ≤ 0.002) for all four test drinks. Fat mass index (FMI) increased only for milk‐based drink groups compared with baseline (0.15‐0.67 kg m(‐2) , P < 0.001) and also compared with water (0.029‐0.255 kg m(‐2) , P ≤ 0.011). For pre‐test control, there was no change in FMI or LMI. Leptin increased in the casein (1.016‐3.246 ng mL(‐1) , P < 0.001$$$ 0.952‐3.294 ng mL(‐1) , P < 0.001) and whey groups (0.135‐2.273 ng mL(‐1) , P = 0.027$$$ 0.069‐2.322, P = 0.038) compared with water and pre‐test control group, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Although milk proteins increased LMI in overweight adolescents, there was a concurrent increase in FMI and leptin, whereas water only resulted in increased LMI. Thus, increased water intake may be beneficial for body composition in overweight adolescents.
DASH diet, insulin resistance, and serum hs-CRP in polycystic ovary syndrome: a randomized controlled clinical trial$$$ This study was designed to assess the effects of Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) eating plan on insulin resistance and serum hs‐CRP in overweight and obese women with PCOS. This randomized controlled clinical trial was done on 48 women diagnosed with PCOS. Subjects were randomly assigned to consume either the control (n=24) or the DASH eating pattern (n=24) for 8 weeks. The DASH diet consisted of 52% carbohydrates, 18% proteins, and 30% total fats. It was designed to be rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and low‐fat dairy products and low in saturated fats, cholesterol, refined grains, and sweets. Sodium content of the DASH diet was designed to be less than 2 400 mg/day. The control diet was also designed to contain 52% carbohydrates, 18% protein, and 30% total fat. Fasting blood samples were taken at baseline and after 8 weeks intervention to measure ‐insulin resistance and serum hs‐CRP levels. ‐Adherence to the DASH eating pattern, compared to the ‐control diet, resulted in a significant reduction of serum insulin levels (‐1.88 vs. 2.89 μIU/ml, p=0.03), HOMA‐IR score (‐0.45 vs. 0.80$$$ p=0.01), and serum hs‐CRP levels (‐763.29 vs. 665.95 ng/ml, p=0.009). Additionally, a significant reduction in waist (‐5.2 vs. ‐2.1 cm$$$ p=0.003) and hip circumference (‐5.9 vs. ‐1 cm$$$ p<0.0001) was also seen in the DASH group compared with the control group. In conclusion, consumption of the DASH eating pattern for 8 weeks in overweight and obese women with PCOS resulted in the improvement of insulin resistance, serum hs‐CRP levels, and abdominal fat accumulation. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: www.irct.ir: IRCT201304235623N6.
Dairy fat intake is associated with glucose tolerance, hepatic and systemic insulin sensitivity, and liver fat but not β-cell function in humans$$$ BACKGROUND: Plasma phospholipid concentrations of trans‐palmitoleic acid (trans‐16:1n‐7), a biomarker of dairy fat intake, are inversely associated with incident type 2 diabetes in 2 US cohorts. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to investigate whether the intake of trans‐16:1n‐7 in particular, or dairy fat in general, is associated with glucose tolerance and key factors determining glucose tolerance. DESIGN: A cross‐sectional investigation was undertaken in 17 men and women with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and 15 body mass index (BMI)�� and age‐matched controls. The concentrations of trans‐16:1n‐7 and 2 other biomarkers of dairy fat intake, 15:0 and 17:0, were measured in plasma phospholipids and free fatty acids (FFAs). Liver fat was estimated by computed tomography‐derived liver‐spleen ratio. Intravenous‐glucose‐tolerance tests and oral‐glucose‐tolerance test (OGTT) and hyperinsulinemic‐euglycemic clamps were performed to assess β‐cell function and hepatic and systemic insulin sensitivity. RESULTS: In multivariate analyses adjusted for age, sex, and BMI, phospholipid 17:0, phospholipid trans‐16:1n‐7, FFA 15:0, and FFA 17:0 were inversely associated with fasting plasma glucose, the area under the curve for glucose during an OGTT, and liver fat. Phospholipid trans‐16:1n‐7 was also positively associated with hepatic and systemic insulin sensitivity. None of the biomarkers were associated with β‐cell function. The associations between dairy fat intake and glucose tolerance were attenuated by adjusting for insulin sensitivity or liver fat, but strengthened by adjusting for β‐cell function. CONCLUSION: Although we cannot rule out reverse causation, these data support the hypothesis that dairy fat improves glucose tolerance, possibly through a mechanism involving improved hepatic and systemic insulin sensitivity and reduced liver fat.
Post-prandial effects of high-polyphenolic extra virgin olive oil on endothelial function in adults at risk for type 2 diabetes: a randomized controlled crossover trial$$$ Background: Effects of olive oil on cardiovascular risk have been controversial. We compared the effects of high‐polyphenolic extra virgin olive oil (EVOO) and refined olive oil without polyphenols on endothelial function (EF) in adults at risk for Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Methods: Randomized, controlled, double‐blind, crossover trial of 20 adults (mean age 56.1 years$$$ 10 women, 10 men) at risk for T2DM (i.e., as defined by either prediabetes or metabolic syndrome) assigned to one of two possible sequence permutations of two different single dose treatments (50 mL of high‐polyphenolic EVOO or 50 mL of refined olive oil without polyphenols), with 1‐week washout. Participants received their olive oils in a smoothie consisting of ½ cup frozen blueberries and 1 cup (8 oz) low‐fat vanilla yogurt blended together. Primary outcome measure was EF measured as flow‐mediated dilatation. Participants were evaluated before and 2 h after ingestion of their assigned olive oil treatment. Results: EVOO acutely improved EF as compared to refined olive oil (1.2 ± 6.5% versus −3.6 ± 3.8%$$$ p = 0.0086). No significant effects on systolic or diastolic blood pressure were observed. Conclusions: High‐polyphenolic EVOO acutely enhanced EF in the study cohort, whereas refined olive oil did not. Blood pressure effects were not observed. Reports on the vascular effects of olive oil ingestion should specify the characteristics of the oil. Clinical trial registration number: NCT04025281
Dairy Product Intake Modifies MicroRNA Expression among Individuals with Hyperinsulinemia: a Post-Intervention Cross-Sectional Study$$$ INTRODUCTION: MicroRNA (miRNA) profiles have been shown to change after intake of dairy products. Dysregulation of miRNA is associated with the changes in the level of glycemic parameters. The objectives are: (1) to investigate miRNA expression after consumption of dairy products and (2) to study the association between miRNAs and glycemic profile among individuals with hyperinsulinemia. METHODS: In crossover design, 24 participants were randomized into 2 phases: high dairy (HD) (≥4 servings/day according to the Canadian food guide [2007]) and adequate dairy (AD) (≤2 servings/day) over 6 weeks. First, miRNAs were extracted from a pooled plasma sample of 10 subjects after HD and AD intervention which analyzed in duplicate by array hybridization (Affymetrix Gene Chip miRNA Array v. 4.0). Second, 6 miRNAs related to type 2 diabetes (T2D) were validated by quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (qRT‐PCR) from plasma of 24 participants. RESULTS: Microarray analysis indicated that 297 miRNAs expressed differentially (FC ≥ ±1.2$$$ p value <0.05) in a pooled plasma sample of 10 subjects. Among pooled miRNAs, the level of selected miRNAs, including miR‐652‐3p, miR‐106b‐5p, miR‐93‐5p, and miR‐107 were downregulated$$$ conversely, miR‐223‐3p and miR‐122‐5p were upregulated. After qRT‐PCR validation, only the expression level of miR‐106‐5p tended to be increased after HD compared to AD (p = 0.06). After AD intervention, the level of fasting plasma glucose (FPG) and insulin and homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance were negatively correlated with miR‐122‐5p. Similarly, negative correlation was found between miR‐106‐5p and FPG. CONCLUSION: The miRNAs profile was modified after HD compared to AD, and this may have role in modifying the risk of T2D (registration No. NCT02961179).
A multicomponent lifestyle intervention produces favourable changes in diet quality and cardiometabolic risk indices in hypercholesterolaemic adults$$$ BACKGROUND: To date, there are no dietary intervention studies available jointly examining the changes produced in cardiometabolic risk indices and diet quality assessed with the Healthy Eating Index 2005 (HEI‐2005). The present study aimed to evaluate the effect of a 3‐month multicomponent lifestyle intervention on several cardiometabolic risk indices, physical activity levels and diet quality. METHODS: A total sample of 108 hypercholesterolaemic adults (40‐60 years old) were randomised to two intervention groups provided with and instructed to consume daily: (i) plain milk (n = 37) or (ii) enriched milk (n = 40) respectively$$$ both groups were attending a 3‐month dietary counselling programme. For the needs of the present study both intervention groups were analysed together IG: n = 77) and were compared against a control group following usual diet (CG: n = 31). RESULTS: Regarding diet quality HEI scores for 'milk' (P = 0.021), 'dark green/orange vegetables and legumes' (P = 0.050) and 'total HEI score' (P = 0.045) were improved in the IG compared to the CG. The IG also improved 'whole grains' and 'calories from solid fats, alcoholic beverages and added sugars' scores compared to their baseline values. Both groups improved the 'total vegetable' HEI score. Regarding physical activity levels and cardiometabolic risk indices, the IG significantly increased the daily number of steps (P = 0.005) and decreased body weight (P = 0.021), body mass index (P = 0.019) and waist circumference (P = 0.027) to a higher extent compared to the changes observed in the CG. Moreover, the IG significantly decreased systolic (P = 0.001) and diastolic blood pressure (P = 0.050) compared to baseline values. CONCLUSIONS: The present study revealed that this 3‐month lifestyle and nutrition counselling intervention programme appears to have favourable effects on diet quality, physical activity levels, anthropometric and certain cardiometabolic risk indices.
Large, milk phospholipid-coated lipid droplets containing a mixture of dairy and vegetable lipids in infant formula and blood pressure at school age: follow up of a randomised controlled trial$$$ Objectives and Study: Early life environmental factors, including nutrition, have a lasting influence on cardiovascular health in later life, the so‐called metabolic programming hypothesis. Breastfeeding is associated with lower childhood blood pressure. One of the potential underlying mechanisms could be the distinctive lipid moiety of human milk. A concept infant formula was developed containing large, milk phospholipid‐coated lipid droplets (Nuturis®), mimicking more closely the size, structure, and composition of human milk fat globules. In a murine nutritional programming model, early exposure to this concept infant formula prevented excessive fat mass accumulation and adverse metabolic outcomes. In the current study, we aimed to evaluate whether early life exposure to the concept infant formula has an impact on blood pressure in children. Methods: In a double‐blinded randomised controlled trial (NTR3683), healthy term, fully formula‐fed infants were randomised to receive Control infant formula with small, vegetable oil‐based lipid droplets (mode diameter 0.5 μ m$$$ n = 108), or Concept infant formula with large, milk phospholipid‐coated lipid droplets (mode diameter 3‐5 μ m$$$ n = 115) comprising a mixture of milk fat (48%) and vegetable oils until 17 weeks of age$$$ with a follow‐up at 1 year of age. A group of 88 breastfed infants served as reference. In a follow‐up study (NTR5538) anthropometrics and blood pressure were measured at 5 years of age. The American Academy of Pediatrics Clinical Practice Guidelines for Screening and Management of High blood pressure was used to define normal blood pressure (<90th percentile) or elevated and high blood pressure (≥ 90th percentile). Blood pressure of groups were compared using ANCOVA, prevalence of elevated blood pressure was analysed with Firth's penalized likelihood logistic regression method, both models with maternal education, continent, pre‐pregnancy BMI, sex and child BMI at 5 years as covariates. Results: Compared to Control (n=46), the Concept group (n=47) had a lower diastolic and arterial blood pressure at 5 years of age, whereas a smaller absolute difference in systolic blood pressure was observed (Table 1). Compared to breastfed, the Concept group had a lower systolic and arterial blood pressure, and a smaller absolute difference in diastolic blood pressure. No such differences were observed for the breastfed and Control group. In the Concept group, the odds ratio (95%CI) of having an elevated or high blood pressure was 0.38 (0.13, 1.07$$$ P = 0.066) compared to Control and 0.34 (0.12, 0.99$$$ P =0.049) compared to the breastfed group. Conclusions: This follow‐up study suggests that an innovative infant formula with large, milk phospholipid‐coated lipid droplets containing milk fat, might result in reduced childhood blood pressure, even after correction for current childhood BMI. Given the tracking of blood pressure trajectories from childhood towards adolescence and adulthood, these findings could be of potential clinical relevance to reduce the risk of hypertension in later life.
Effect of camel milk on blood sugar and lipid profile of patients with type 2 diabetes: a pilot clinical trial$$$ BACKGROUND: It has been shown that camel milk consumption has a definite decreasing effect on the prevalence of diabetes. However, most of these studies were conducted on patients with type 1 diabetes, whereas studies on patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) are limited. In vitro experiments have shown that camel milk was able to decrease blood glucose concentration. OBJECTIVES: The purpose of this study was to investigate effects of camel and cow milk on blood sugar, lipid profile, and blood pressure of patients with T2DM. PATIENTS AND METHODS: In a randomized single‐blinded controlled clinical trial, 20 patients with T2DM were randomly allocated into two groups. Participants consumed 500 mL of either camel milk (intervention group) or cow milk (control group) daily for two months. RESULTS: Mean of insulin concentration was significantly increased from 64.59 to 84.03 pmol/L in the camel milk group during the study (P < 0.05). No significant differences were shown in fasting blood sugar, lipid profile, and blood pressure between the two groups at the end of study. There was significant increase in homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA‐IR) during the study in both groups, but no significant difference was seen between the two groups. CONCLUSIONS: Camel milk increased insulin level in patients with T2DM and might contribute to glycemic control in T2DM.
Effect of non-suckling on the pH of breast milk and its possible relationship with breast cancer$$$ The pH of breast milk was determined in 10 lactating mothers after interrupting suckling from one of the breasts, alternately for 120 hr during the 1st, 12th and the 16th postpartum weeks. The milk from the unsuckled breasts had a slightly higher pH at all three times, being slightly alkaline as compared with the suckled breasts from which the milk was slightly acidic. There were differences also between the three diurnal feeds, the pH being higher in the last diurnal samples. If this temporary experimental stoppage of breast feeding is akin to decline of breast feeding, the changes in the pH of breast milk caused by it may provide clues to the mechanism of the long‐suggested possible carcinogenic effect of a fall in the prevalence of breast feeding. An alkaline milieu surrounding epithelial cells causes hyperplasia, cell atypia and a marked increase in mitotic activity, changes which are a prelude to neoplasia. The causative relationship of late age at first birth does not find support in the thesis of the alkaline milieu in the aetiology of breast cancer presented here.
Correction: effect of soy isoflavone supplementation on blood pressure: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (Nutrition Journal, (2024), 23, 1, (32), 10.1186/s12937-024-00932-6)$$$ Following publication of the original article [1], the author reported that Tables 1, 2, 3 were not captured. The tables are given below and captured as Supplementary files in the original article. The original article has been updated. Characteristics of twenty‐four randomized controlled trials included in the meta‐analysis First author, year Country Duration of intervention (months) Study design Sample size (isoflavone/control) Mean age (year) BMI (kg/m2) Women (%) Population Intervention Simon et al. 2000 [42] Australia 2 Crossover 20/20 59.0 26.8 100.0 Healthy postmenopausal women 80 mg soy isoflavone (PhytoLife 1) Placebo (NR) Han et al. 2002 [43] Brazil 4 Parallel 40/40 48.5 24.9 100.0 Postmenopausal women 100 mg soy isoflavone (50.3 mg soy protein and 33.3 mg isoflavone per capsule) Placebo (50.3 mg soy protein and 33.3 mg glucose per capsule) Squadrito et al. 2002 [44] Italy 6 Parallel 30/30 56.0 NR 100.0 Healthy Postmenopausal women 54 mg soy isoflavone (genistein) Placebo (NR) Uesugi et al. 2004 [45] Japan 1 Crossover 58/58 58.0 23.0 100.0 Climacteric women 40 mg soy isoflavone (3.4 mg daidzein, 0.9 mg genistein, and 2.7 mg glycitein per gram of tablet) Placebo (same matrix without isoflavone) Colacurci et al. 2005 [24] Italy 6 Parallel 29/28 55.2 25.9 100.0 Healthy postmenopausal women 120 mg soy isoflavone (60 mg genistein and 60 mg daidzein) Placebo (NR) Yildiz et al. 2005 [25] Turkey 6 Parallel 20/20 50.0 27.2 100.0 Healthy postmenopausal women 40 mg soy isoflavone (genistein) Placebo (NR) Hallund et al. 2006 [46] Denmark 2 Crossover 30/28 57.0 24.0 100.0 Healthy postmenopausal women Cereal bars with 50 mg soy isoflavone (genistein:daidzein ratio of 2:1) Placebo (cereal bars) Gonzalez et al. 2007 [47] United Kingdom 3 Crossover 26/26 NR 31.0 100.0 Postmenopausal women with type 2 diabetes 132 mg soy isoflavone (53% genistein, 37% daidzein, and 10% glycitein) Placebo (microcrystalline cellulose) Katz et al. 2007 [48] United States 1.5 Crossover 22/22 58.5 27.6 100.0 Healthy postmenopausal women 55 mg soy isoflavone (daidzein and genistein) Placebo (NR) Aubertin‐Leheudr et al. 2008 [49] Canada 6 Parallel 25/25 57.4 32.0 100.0 Postmenopausal obese women 70 mg soy isoflavone (44 mg daidzein, 16 mg glycitein, and 10 mg genistein) Placebo (NR) Khaodhiar et al. 2008 [50] United States 3 Parallel 97/45 53.1 28.6 100.0 Healthy menopausal women 40 or 60 mg soy isoflavone (70% daidzein, 10% genistein, and 20% glycitein) Placebo (NR) Gleason et al. 2009 [51] United States 6 Parallel 15/15 73.7 NR 50.0 Healthy men and postmenopausal women 100 mg soy isoflavone (85% daidzein and genistein) Placebo (maltodextrin and caramel food colour) Llaneza et al. 2010 [52] Spain 24 Parallel 58/58 56.4 30.0 100.0 Postmenopausal women with insulin resistance Mediterranean diet with 40 mg soy isoflavone (NR) Placebo (mediterranean diet) Wong et al. 2012 [53] United States 1.5 Parallel 12/12 55.7 25.4 100.0 Postmenopausal women 80 mg soy isoflavone (22.0 mg daidzein, 13.5 mg glycitein, and 5.0 mg genistein per tablet) Placebo (1.0 mg aglycone equivalent per tablet) Chilibeck et al. 2013 [54] Canada 24 Parallel 90/88 56.6 27.1 100.0 Postmenopausal women 165 mg soy isoflavone (105 mg aglycone equivalent) Placebo (dicalcium phosphate, magnesium stearate, and sorbitol) Irace et al. 2013 [26] Italy 6 Parallel 10/10 58.8 31.8 100.0 Postmenopausal women with metabolic syndrome 54 mg soy isoflavone (genistein) Placebo (NR) Kim et al. 2013 [55] Korea 3 Parallel 42/43 53.6 23.2 100.0 Postmenopausal women with type 2 diabetes 70 mg soy isoflavone (38.0 mg glycitein, 20 mg daidzein, and 12.4 mg genistein) Placebo (NR) Liu et al. 2013 [21] China 6.25 Parallel 60/60 NR NR 100.0 Postmenopausal women 15 g milk protein and 100 mg isoflavone (35 mg daidzein, 59 mg genistein, and 4 mg glycitein) Placebo (15 g milk protein) Squadrito et al. 2013 [22] Italy 12 Parallel 60/60 55.5 31.8 100.0 Postmenopausal women with metabolic syndrome 54 mg soy isoflavone (genistein) Placebo (NR) Cheng et al. 2015 [56] China 12 Parallel 41/41 56.6 23.0 100.0 Postmenopausal women 300 mg isoflavone aglycone (NR) Placebo (NR) De Gregorio et al. 2017 [57] Italy 12 Parallel 11/11 NR 30.3 100.0 Postmenopausal women with metabolic syndrome 54 mg soy isoflavone (genistein) Placebo (NR) Sathyapalan et al. 2017 [58] United Kingdom 3 Parallel 100/100 52.0 31.7 0.0 Men with type 2 diabetes 15 g soy protein with 66 mg isoflavone (54% genistein, 35% daidzein, and 11% glycitein) Placebo (15 g soy protein) Amanat et al. 2018 [59] Iran 2 Parallel 41/41 43.6 28.5 24.4 Patients with non‐alcoholic fatty liver disease 250 mg soy isoflavone (genistein) Placebo (cornstarch) Sathyapalan et al. 2018 [23] United Kingdom 6 Parallel 60/60 52.0 25.5 100.0 Early menopause women 15 g soy protein with 66 mg isoflavone (54% genistein, 35% daidzein, and 11% glycitein) Placebo (15 g soy protein) Abbreviation: BMI Body mass index, NR not report Assessment of quality of evidence for outcomes using the GRADE SBP 26 Randomized trials No serious risk of bias a No serious imprecision b No serious inconsistency c Serious indirectness d No serious limitation e 1005 940 ‐1.40 (‐2.65, ‐0.14) ⨁⨁⨁◯ Moderate DBP 26 Randomized trials No serious risk of bias No serious imprecision No serious inconsistency Serious indirectness No serious limitation 1005 940 ‐1.11 (‐1.91, ‐0.30) ⨁⨁⨁◯ Moderate The quality of evidence was evaluated at 4 levels using GRADE (high, moderate, low, very low). a No downgrade for risk of bias, as most studies were assessed as low risk of bias. b No downgrade for imprecision, as the optimal information size was met and the 95%CI did not include the null value. c No downgrade for inconsistency, as there was a low of heterogeneity (SBP: I2 = 0.0%, P = 0.61$$$ DBP: I2 = 0.0%, P = 0.87). d Downgraded for indirectness, as the intake of sodium and potassium was not provided, which may have confounding effects. e No downgrade for publication bias, as there was no publication bias evaluated by the funnel plots and Egger's test. Abbreviation: DBP diastolic blood pressure, SBP systolic blood pressure, GRADE Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation, WMD weighted mean difference, 95% CI 95% confidence interval. Subgroup analyses of soy isoflavone supplementation on blood pressure in adults Pa I2(%) Pb Pa I2 (%) Pb Normotension 6 ‐0.77 (‐3.21, 1.68) 0.54 0.00 0.73 6 ‐0.95 (‐2.55, 1.77) 0.24 0.00 0.68 Prehypertension 16 ‐1.99 (‐3.64, ‐0.35) 0.02 0.00 0.60 16 ‐1.05 (‐2.08, ‐0.02) 0.04 0.00 0.59 Hypertension 2 ‐1.65 (‐7.18, 3.89) 0.56 59.00 0.12 2 ‐1.43 (‐4.63, 1.77) 0.38 0.00 0.61 < 50 3 1.11 (‐2.74, 4.95) 0.57 0.00 0.81 3 ‐0.24 (‐2.31, 1.82) 0.81 0.00 0.72 ≥ 50, ≤ 100 18 ‐1.67 (‐3.22, ‐0.12) 0.03 9.10 0.46 18 ‐1.28 (‐2.36, ‐0.19) 0.02 0.00 0.82 > 100 5 ‐1.77 (‐4.37, 0.83) 0.18 0.00 0.51 5 ‐1.23 (‐2.69, 0.24) 0.10 6.40 0.37 < 6 12 ‐0.61 (‐2.46, 1.24) 0.52 0.00 0.82 12 ‐0.75 (‐1.91, 0.40) 0.20 0.00 0.95 ≥ 6 14 ‐2.08 (‐3.80, ‐0.36) 0.02 10.30 0.34 14 ‐1.43 (‐2.54, ‐0.32) 0.01 0.00 0.51 Genistein 6 ‐2.29 (‐5.71, 1.14) 0.19 46.20 0.10 6 ‐1.59 (‐3.86, 0.68) 0.17 25.30 0.24 Mixed types of soy isoflavone 19 ‐1.39 (‐2.78, ‐0.01) 0.04 0.00 0.84 19 ‐1.00 (‐1.89, ‐0.13) 0.02 0.00 0.92 Health 16 ‐1.68 (‐3.33, ‐0.04) 0.04 0.00 0.63 16 ‐1.07 (‐2.04, ‐0.10) 0.03 0.00 0.88 Diabetes 3 ‐0.92 (‐4.00, 2.15) 0.57 39.00 0.19 3 ‐1.61 (‐3.78, 0.57) 0.15 0.00 0.67 Metabolic syndrome 3 ‐12.60 (‐20.98, ‐4.21) < 0.01 0.00 0.89 3 ‐6.55 (‐11.33, ‐1.78) 0.01 0.00 0.78 Hypertension 2 ‐1.65 (‐7.18, 3.89) 0.56 59.00 0.12 2 ‐1.43 (‐4.63, 1.77) 0.38 0.00 0.61 Non‐alcoholic fatty liver disease 1 0.56 (‐5.29, 6.41) 0.85 1 1.00 (‐3.20, 5.20) 0.64 Insulin resistance 1 0.10 (‐6.57, 6.77) 0.98 1 0.80 (‐3.05, 4.65) 0.68 (kg/m2) < 25 5 ‐1.04 (‐3.67, 1.59) 0.44 0.00 0.45 5 ‐0.99 (‐2.84, 0.85) 0.29 0.00 0.49 ≥ 25 18 ‐1.35 (‐2.86, 0.17) 0.08 0.00 0.48 18 ‐0.82 (‐1.72, 0.08) 0.07 0.00 0.66 < 50 2 0.30 (‐3.96, 4.55) 0.89 0.00 0.90 2 1.00 (‐1.87, 3.87) 0.49 0.00 1.00 ≥ 50 23 ‐1.30 (‐2.61, 0.01) 0.05 1.90 0.45 23 ‐1.28 (‐2.13, ‐0.43) 0.01 0.00 0.95 Female 23 ‐1.73 (‐3.09, ‐0.37) 0.01 0.00 0.68 23 ‐1.26 (‐2.17, ‐0.34) 0.01 0.00 0.80 Male 1 1.78 (‐2.50, 3.66) 0.42 1 ‐1.43 (‐4.58, 1.72) 0.37 Both sexes 2 ‐1.17 (‐6.43, 4.10) 0.66 43.00 0.16 2 ‐0.13 (‐3.87, 3.60) 0.95 24.80 0.25 Abbreviation: BMI Body mass index, DBP diastolic blood pressure, SBP systolic blood pressure, 95 CI 95 confidence interval. aP values for difference between subgroups. bP values for heterogeneity test within subgroups.
Effects of dairy products on fasting blood glucose, insulin resistance, blood pressure, and lipid profile in patients with type 2 diabetes: a randomized, controlled clinical trial$$$ Introduction: This randomized controlled clinical trial aimed to investigate the effects of dairy product consumption on fasting blood glucose, insulin resistance, blood pressure, and lipid profile in patients with type 2 diabetes. Materials and Methods: Ninety‐one diabetic patients were randomly assigned to one of the following three groups: group A, <1 serving of dairy products per day$$$ group B, 2‐3 servings of dairy products per day$$$ and group C, 4‐5 servings of dairy products per day. The biomarkers of fasting blood glucose, insulin resistance, blood pressure, and lipid profile were measured at baseline and after eight weeks of intervention. Results: The Homeostatic Model Assessment for Insulin Resistance (HOMA‐IR) score and systolic blood pressure decreased significantly in participants, who consumed 4‐5 servings of dairy products per day, compared to the other groups. However, no significant difference was observed in the lipid profile, fasting blood glucose level, weight, waist circumference, or blood pressure between the study groups (P>0.05 for all). Conclusion: The consumption of 4‐5 units of high‐fat dairy products per day, with a fat content of 2.5%, improved insulin resistance and decreased systolic blood pressure in patients with type 2 diabetes. However, further clinical trials over a longer period of time are needed (Clinical Trial Registry No.: IRCT201207261640N8).
Nonfat milk attenuates acute hyperglycemia in individuals with android obesity: A randomized control trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Elevated android body fat increases the risk of developing cardiometabolic diseases. Postprandial hyperglycemia contributes to the proatherogenic metabolic state evident in android adiposity. Due to the insulinotropic effect of milk‐derived proteins, postprandial hyperglycemia has been shown to be reduced with the addition of dairy products. The purpose of this study was to determine whether one serving of nonfat milk added to an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) could attenuate postprandial hyperglycemia in individuals with elevated android adiposity and whether these improvements would be associated with metabolic and/or peripheral hemodynamic effects. METHODS: In this placebo‐controlled, randomized, crossover experimental study, 29 overweight/obese adults (26 ± 1 year) consumed an OGTT beverage (75 g glucose) combined with either nonfat milk (227 g) or a placebo control (12 g lactose + 8 g protein + 207 g water) that was matched for both carbohydrate and protein quantities. RESULTS: In the whole sample, blood glucose and insulin concentrations increased over time in both trials with no significant differences between trials. Relative increases in peak blood glucose response were significantly related to android body fat (p < 0.05). The subjects in the highest tertiles of android body fat displayed attenuated hyperglycemic responses as well as improvements in flow‐mediated dilation (FMD) after milk intake. CONCLUSIONS: A single serving of nonfat milk may attenuate acute hyperglycemia in individuals with elevated android body fat offering a simple and convenient option for managing elevations in blood glucose.
Effects of probiotic yogurt consumption on lipid profile in type 2 diabetic patients: a randomized controlled clinical trial$$$ Background: Alteration in plasma lipid and lipoprotein profile has been documented in diabetic patients. The purpose of this study was to compare the effect of probiotic and conventional yogurt on lipid profile in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients. Materials and Methods: A total of 44 patients with type 2 diabetes aged 30‐60 years old who had low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL‐c) ≥100 mg/dl enrolled in this randomized, double ‐ blind controlled trial and were assigned to two intervention and control groups. The subjects in the intervention group consumed 300 g/d probiotic yogurt containing Lactobacillus acidophilus La‐5 and Bifidobacterium lactis Bb‐12 and subjects in the control group consumed 300 g/d conventional yogurt for 8 weeks. Anthropometric indices, dietary intake, and serum lipid profile were evaluated at the beginning and end of the intervention. Independent‐sample t‐test, paired sample t‐test, ANCOVA, and repeated measures were used for statistical analysis. Results: The consumption of probiotic yogurt caused significant decrease in LDL‐c/high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL‐c) ratio (3.13 ± 1.00‐2.07 ± 0.71, P = 0.016). The levels of HDL‐c were increased significantly (43.66 ± 6.80‐50.42 ± 6.64, P = 0.023) in the intervention group postintervention. However, there were no significant differences in triglyceride and total cholesterol levels between two groups postintervention (P < 0.05). Conclusion: It is suggested that probiotic yogurt consumption may be used as an alternative prevention approach and treatment method to improve dyslipidemia in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Effects of probiotic yogurt consumption on lipid profile in type 2 diabetic patients: a randomized controlled clinical trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Alteration in plasma lipid and lipoprotein profile has been documented in diabetic patients. The purpose of this study was to compare the effect of probiotic and conventional yogurt on lipid profile in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A total of 44 patients with type 2 diabetes aged 30‐60 years old who had low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL‐c) ≥100 mg/dl enrolled in this randomized, double ‐ blind controlled trial and were assigned to two intervention and control groups. The subjects in the intervention group consumed 300 g/d probiotic yogurt containing Lactobacillus acidophilus La‐5 and Bifidobacterium lactis Bb‐12 and subjects in the control group consumed 300 g/d conventional yogurt for 8 weeks. Anthropometric indices, dietary intake, and serum lipid profile were evaluated at the beginning and end of the intervention. Independent‐sample t‐test, paired sample t‐test, ANCOVA, and repeated measures were used for statistical analysis. RESULTS: The consumption of probiotic yogurt caused significant decrease in LDL‐c/high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL‐c) ratio (3.13 ± 1.00‐2.07 ± 0.71, P = 0.016). The levels of HDL‐c were increased significantly (43.66 ± 6.80‐50.42 ± 6.64, P = 0.023) in the intervention group postintervention. However, there were no significant differences in triglyceride and total cholesterol levels between two groups postintervention (P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: It is suggested that probiotic yogurt consumption may be used as an alternative prevention approach and treatment method to improve dyslipidemia in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Safety evaluation of the daily intake of a dairy product with cla (C9-T11/T10-C12, 50%) in overweight type II patients$$$ Rationale: Conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) has demonstrated several health benefits, including weight control. However, some studies have observed different adverse effects (increase hepatic enzymes, alterations of glucose metabolism) with CLA intakes. The aim of the study was to evaluate the safety of long‐term (6 months) consumption of milk with CLA. Methods: 67 overweight type II patients (82% women) were selected from the Nutrition Unit of the “Hospital La Paz”. The sample was randomized into 2 groups: 200 ml/day of semi‐skimmed cow milk with CLA (3 g c9‐t11/t10‐c12, 50%, Tonalin®) vs. Placebo (with 3 g olive oil) without hypocaloric diet. Following biochemical parameters were assessed at baseline and at 6 months: Glucose (GLU), HOMA index, markers of liver function (GPT, GOT) and renal function (creatinine). Results: After 6 months of intervention treatment no significant changes were observed in any of the parameters studied (Table 1). (Table presented) CLA group had more favourable evolution in anthropometry parameters only when the dietetic habits were closer than caloric profile recommendation. Conclusion: Daily intake ofa dairy enriched with CLA (Tonalin®) for 6 months didn't produce adverse effect on overweight type II population with a favourable evolution in the anthropometry's parameters.
Dietary manipulation of oncogenic microRNA expression in human rectal mucosa: a randomized trial$$$ High red meat (HRM) intake is associated with increased colorectal cancer risk, while resistant starch is probably protective. Resistant starch fermentation produces butyrate, which can alter microRNA (miRNA) levels in colorectal cancer cells in vitro$$$ effects of red meat and resistant starch on miRNA expression in vivo were unknown. This study examined whether a HRM diet altered miRNA expression in rectal mucosa tissue of healthy volunteers, and if supplementation with butyrylated resistant starch (HRM+HAMSB) modified this response. In a randomized cross‐over design, 23 volunteers undertook four 4‐week dietary interventions$$$ an HRM diet (300 g/day lean red meat) and an HRM+HAMSB diet (HRM with 40 g/day butyrylated high amylose maize starch), preceded by an entry diet and separated by a washout. Fecal butyrate increased with the HRM+HAMSB diet. Levels of oncogenic mature miRNAs, including miR17‐92 cluster miRNAs and miR21, increased in the rectal mucosa with the HRM diet, whereas the HRM+HAMSB diet restored miR17‐92 miRNAs, but not miR21, to baseline levels. Elevated miR17‐92 and miR21 in the HRM diet corresponded with increased cell proliferation, and a decrease in miR17‐92 target gene transcript levels, including CDKN1A. The oncogenic miR17‐92 cluster is differentially regulated by dietary factors that increase or decrease risk for colorectal cancer, and this may explain, at least in part, the respective risk profiles of HRM and resistant starch. These findings support increased resistant starch consumption as a means of reducing risk associated with an HRM diet.
No Effect of Added Sugar Consumed at Median American Intake Level on Glucose Tolerance or Insulin Resistance$$$ Excess sugar consumption may promote adverse changes in hepatic and total body insulin resistance. Debate continues over the effects of sugars at more typically consumed levels and whether the identity of the sugar consumed is important. In the present study participants (20‐60 years old) were randomly assigned to one of five groups, three that consumed low fat milk with added fructose containing sugars in amounts equivalent to the 50th percentile of fructose consumption (US), one which consumed low‐fat milk sweetened with glucose, and one unsweetened low‐fat milk control group. The intervention lasted ten weeks. In the entire study population there was less than 1 kg increase in weight (73.6 +/‐ 13.0 vs. 74.5 +/‐ 13.3 kg, p <0.001), but the change in weight was comparable among groups (p > 0.05). There were no changes in fasting glucose (49 +/‐ 0.4 vs. 5.0 +/‐ 0.5 mmol/L), insulin (56.9 +/‐ 38.9 vs. 61.8 +/‐ 50.0 pmol/L), or insulin resistance, as measured by the Homeostasis Model Assessment method (1.8 +/‐ 1.3 vs. 2.0 +/‐ 1.5, all p> 0.05). These data suggest that added sugar consumed at the median American intake level does not produce changes in measures of insulin sensitivity or glucose tolerance and that no sugar has more deleterious effects than others.
Three randomized controlled trials with a two-year extension period on the effect of a multidisciplinary lifestyle program (1) for patients with rheumatoid arthritis, (2) for patients with ACPA positive arthralgia and (3) patients with osteoarthritis & metabolic syndrome$$$ INTERVENTION: After screening and baseline measurements (RA patients will also visit a nurse to determine the DAS28 score), patients are randomized. Those in the intervention group start with individual intake meetings with a registered dietician and a physiotherapist at baseline to determine personal objectives and abilities and limitations regarding physical exercises. During the 16‐week program subjects will meet 10 times in groups of ma X15 people. During all meetings (2‐ 3 hours) subjects will receive theoretical and/or practical training, based on protocols tested in previous studies on the following subjects: 1. Whole foods plant based 2. Exercise 3. Stress management Subjects will be facilitated for their diet by means of fully elaborated week plans, cooking class and they will receive a small bo Xwith supplements and some specific plant‐based products (e.g. condiments like miso and nutritional yeast as well as *cream* substitutes) to get introduced in a new way of cooking. Week plans are in line with recommended daily allowances of all relevant macro‐ and micro nutrients. Subjects will also receive supplementation (vitamin B12 and vitamin D according to dietary guidelines for vegan diets). For exercise, subjects will be introduced to different forms of moderately intense exercise and are motivated to integrate exercise in daily activities. For stress management, subjects will receive psycho‐education on the effects of stress on health and stress management, as well as guided practice and home exercises on relaxation techniques, breathing and visualization exercises and coaching on sleep. Medication is preferably not changed during the 16‐week investigatio CONDITION: 10003816 gewrichtsaandoeningen & metabool syndroom $$$ arthritis $$$ metabolic syndrome PRIMARY OUTCOME: Rheumatoid arthritis: $$$ Main endpoint for RA‐patients is the difference between mean change in DAS28 $$$ scores from 0‐16 weeks (measured blind by a research nurse) in the intervention $$$ and control groups. $$$ $$$ Arthralgia: $$$ Main endpoint for the ACPA positive arthralgia‐patients is the difference $$$ between mean change in RA‐risk scores from 0‐16 weeks (measured blind by a $$$ research nurse) in the intervention and control groups. $$$ $$$ Osteoarthritis & metabolic syndrome: $$$ Main endpoint for patients with OA & MetS is the difference between the mean $$$ change in WOMAC scores from 0‐16 weeks in the intervention and control groups. $$$ $$$ Two‐year extension study: $$$ Main endpoint for the 2‐year extension study (all groups) is the change in $$$ adherence from 0‐24 months, based on a variation of the 'Lifestyle Index $$$ Adherence Score' as developed by Dean Ornish: $$$ $$$ [t + ([u / 6 + v / 60] / 2) + ([x / 5 + y / 150] / 2) + z]/4 $$$ $$$ t = attendance meetings (index, e.g. 0.2 when attended 1 of 2 meetings) $$$ u = stress reduction activities days per week $$$ v = stress reduction activities minutes per week $$$ x = exercise days per week $$$ y = exercise minutes per week $$$ z = adherence to diet $$$ $$$ In which z is defined as: $$$ $$$ [(grams of fibre per 1000 kilocalories/14) + (10/energypercentage saturated $$$ fatty acids)]/2$$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: Parameters are equal for all patients (RA, arthralgia and OA & MetS) unless $$$ otherwise specified. $$$ $$$ General: $$$ ‐ Self‐reported physical (fatigue, pain intensity, pain interference, physical $$$ function, sleep disturbance), mental (anxiety, depression) and social (ability $$$ to participate in social roles & activities) health using the validated $$$ Dutch‐Flemish PROMIS®, which only needs 3‐7 questions per domain to obtain $$$ valid outcomes, quality of life and costs. $$$ $$$ Body composition: $$$ ‐ Body weight (kg) $$$ ‐ Body height (cm) $$$ ‐ BMI (kg/m2) $$$ ‐ Waist circumference (cm, at approximate midpoint between the lower margin of $$$ the last palpable rib and the top of the iliac crest). $$$ ‐ Total fat free mass (DEXA, kg & % of body weight) $$$ ‐ Total muscle mass (DEXA, kg & % of body weight) $$$ ‐ Total fat mass (DEXA, kg & % of body weight) $$$ ‐ 50% of all subjects in the RA and OA intervention groups (20 RA patients, 20 $$$ OA patients) as well as 5 RA and 5 OA patients in the control groups will be $$$ recruited for MRI examination of (1) visceral adipose tissue (VAT) $$$ (spectroscopy will be used to identify fatty acid distribution), (2)liver fat $$$ content (spectroscopy will be used to identify fatty acid distribution) and (3) $$$ intramuscular fat mass in the thigh muscle. $$$ $$$ Physical performance: $$$ ‐ Hand grip strength (kg/force) $$$ ‐ Function (get‐up‐and‐go test, seconds) $$$ ‐ Physical activity level (PAL, as coefficient related to base metabolic rate $$$ [BMR]), measured with an activity tracker $$$ $$$ Metabolic: $$$ ‐ Blood pressure $$$ ‐ Heart rate variability, measured by a 5‐minute ECG $$$ ‐ Lipid profile (LDL, HDL, triglycerides in blood) $$$ ‐ Fasting Glucose (blood) $$$ ‐ HbA1c (blood) $$$ $$$ Disease activity: $$$ ‐ Rheumatoid factor (RF, ACPA positive arthralgia patients for all $$$ measurements, RA patients only at baseline and at the end of the one‐year $$$ extension study, blood) $$$ ‐ Anti‐citrullinated Protein Antibodies (ACPA, ACPA positive arthralgia $$$ patients for all measurements, RA patients only at baseline and at the end of $$$ the one‐year extension study, blood) $$$ ‐ Dominance of B‐cell receptor clones (ACPA positive arthralgia at baseline, 4 $$$ months and at the end of the extension year) $$$ ‐ Erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR, component of DAS28) $$$ ‐ Inflammation in the knee (MRI, categorization) $$$ ‐ Gut microbiota composition (feces, colony forming units [CFU]/g) collected by $$$ the subject at home, using an in‐house kit to collect, freeze and transport the $$$ faeces to Reade $$$ ‐ Saliva microbiota composition (saliva, CFU/g) collected by the subject at $$$ home, using an in‐house kit to collect, freeze and transport the saliva to Reade $$$ ‐ Metabolome change (blood and urine, percentage change from baseline) $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ Patients => 18 years. ‐ RA with low to moderate disease activity (2.6=<DAS28<=5.1) according to the EULAR recommendations for use in clinical practice. ‐ Unchanged disease modifying anti rheumatic drug (DMARD) treatment (including unchanged dose) for at least 3 months or non‐use of DMARDs, if applicable., ACPA positive arthralgia: ‐ Patients => 18 years. ‐ (History of) arthralgia. ‐ Seropositive for ACPA. ‐ No history of arthritis documented by a rheumatologist., Osteoarthritis & metabolic syndrome: ‐ OA in hip and/or knee, diagnosed according to the criteria or the American College of Rheumatology (without age‐criterion). ‐ Metabolic syndrome according to the criteria defined by the National Cholesterol Education Program (NCEP) Adult Treatment Panel III (ATP III): when 3 or more of the following criteria are met: waist circumference >=102 (*) / >=88 (*) cm, fasting glucose >=6.1 mmol/l, triglycerides >=1.
Modulation of abnormal colonic epithelial cell proliferation and differentiation by low-fat dairy foods: a randomized controlled trial$$$ CONTEXT: Before the development of human colonic neoplasms, colonic epithelial cells showed altered growth and differentiation. These alterations characterized mucosa at risk for cancer formation and were termed intermediate biomarkers of risk. Modifications of the mucosa toward more normal features by nutrients or drugs are putative approaches to chemoprevention of colon cancer. OBJECTIVE: To determine whether increasing calcium intake via dairy products alters colonic biomarkers toward normal. DESIGN: Randomized, single‐blind, controlled study. SETTING: Outpatient clinic. PARTICIPANTS: Seventy subjects with a history of polypectomy for colonic adenomatous polyps. INTERVENTION: Low‐fat dairy products containing up to 1200 mg/d of calcium. Subjects were randomized to 4 strata by diet (control vs higher calcium) and age (<60 vs > or = 60 years). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Changes in total colonic epithelial cells and number and position of thymidine‐labeled epithelial cells and changes in the ratio of sulfomucins (predominantly secreted by distal colorectal epithelial cells) to sialomucins and expression of cytokeratin AE1, 2 markers of colonic cell differentiation. RESULTS: During 6 and 12 months of treatment, reduction of colonic epithelial cell proliferative activity (P<.05), reduction in size of the proliferative compartment (P<.05), and restoration of acidic mucin (P<.02), cytokeratin AE1 distribution (P<.05), and nuclear size (P<.05) toward that of normal cells occurred. Control subjects showed no differences from baseline proliferative values at 6 and 12 months (P>.05). CONCLUSION: Increasing the daily intake of calcium by up to 1200 mg via low‐fat dairy food in subjects at risk for colonic neoplasia reduces proliferative activity of colonic epithelial cells and restores markers of normal cellular differentiation.
Comparison of two educational approaches on knowledge regarding diet among type ii diabetes patients in east delhi$$$ Background: Different educational approaches might lead to different levels of understanding among diabetics. The present study compared the effectiveness of self‐learning module (SLM) versus use of power point presentation (PPT) on the knowledge of diet among type II diabetes patients (T2DM). Methodology: This was a quasi‐experimental study with pre and post‐test design, conducted in the community setting. 85 T2DM patients each were randomly allocated to either SLM or PPT and 170 were controls without intervention. A pre‐tested semi‐structured questionnaire assessed knowledge on diet and nutrition during baseline (pre‐test) and 6 months after intervention (post‐test). Changes in knowledge after intervention was assessed using X2, Mc Nemar, paired ‘t’ test. p<0.05 was considered as significant. Results: Both SLM and PPT were equally effective in increasing knowledge on the role of diet in diabetes, different food items. PPT was significantly more effective in increasing the mean knowledge score regarding diet in post‐test (28.04+7.34) versus SLM (25.07+6.74) (p<0.001). PPT was more effective than SLM on some aspects of diet viz. concept of carbohydrate as energy giving source, sources of carbohydrates (potato and bread), meat as source of protein, “protein” as body builder$$$ good oils (saffola, cannola, olive oil), avoidance of butter$$$ high glycaemic index (GI) foods (glucose, watermelon), medium GI food (muesli, honey, digestive biscuits), low GI (dalia, brown bread, oats), protein as body building food, meat as source of protein, consumption of fibre rich diet. Conclusion: Both SLM and PPT were effective, more so with PPT on several aspects of diet and nutrition among study subjects. Active interaction along with visual presentation of educative material in powerpoint can be considered for educating T2DM patients on diet and nutrition during home visits by health workers.
Effects of an Iranian traditional fermented food consumption on blood glucose, blood pressure, and lipid profile in type 2 diabetes: a randomized controlled clinical trial$$$ Background: Ash‐Kardeh is one of the few fermented foods without a dairy base in Iran, which is traditionally prepared from cereals and plants in the presence of microorganisms (mainly lactic acid bacteria). Purpose: This study aimed to assess the effects of Ash‐Kardeh consumption on blood glucose, lipid profile, and blood pressure in type 2 diabetic patients. Methods: Forty‐six patients with type 2 diabetes were studied in this randomized controlled clinical trial. Subjects were randomly allocated into intervention (n = 23) and control (n = 23) groups. Individuals of both groups received the usual treatment of diabetic patients, while those in the intervention group, in addition to the usual treatment, received 250 g of Ash‐Kardeh daily for 6 weeks. Fasting blood glucose, blood pressure, and lipid profiles were measured before and after the intervention. Results: Compared to the control group, Ash‐Kardeh consumption led to a significant decrease in fasting blood glucose (P = 0.003), total cholesterol (P = 0.025), triglyceride (P = 0.003), systolic (P < 0.001), and diastolic blood pressure (P = 0.014) in the intervention group. Also, a significant increase in the concentrations of high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (P = 0.048) was observed after Ash‐Kardeh consumption. Conclusion: It seems that Ash‐Kardeh consumption could improve high blood glucose, lipid profile, and hypertension in type 2 diabetic patients but does not affect low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations. This study was registered on 2019‐09‐15 in the Iranian Registry of Clinical Trials (www.irct.ir) with the code number IRCT20170202032367N3.
Increased consumption of dairy foods and protein during diet- and exercise-induced weight loss promotes fat mass loss and lean mass gain in overweight and obese premenopausal women$$$ Weight loss can have substantial health benefits for overweight or obese persons$$$ however, the ratio of fat:lean tissue loss may be more important. We aimed to determine how daily exercise (resistance and/or aerobic) and a hypoenergetic diet varying in protein and calcium content from dairy foods would affect the composition of weight lost in otherwise healthy, premenopausal, overweight, and obese women. Ninety participants were randomized to 3 groups (n = 30/group): high protein, high dairy (HPHD), adequate protein, medium dairy (APMD), and adequate protein, low dairy (APLD) differing in the quantity of total dietary protein and dairy food‐source protein consumed: 30 and 15%, 15 and 7.5%, or 15 and <2% of energy, respectively. Body composition was measured by DXA at 0, 8, and 16 wk and MRI (n = 39) to assess visceral adipose tissue (VAT) volume at 0 and 16 wk. All groups lost body weight (P < 0.05) and fat (P < 0.01)$$$ however, fat loss during wk 8‐16 was greater in the HPHD group than in the APMD and APLD groups (P < 0.05). The HPHD group gained lean tissue with a greater increase during 8‐16 wk than the APMD group, which maintained lean mass and the APLD group, which lost lean mass (P < 0.05). The HPHD group also lost more VAT as assessed by MRI (P < 0.05) and trunk fat as assessed by DXA (P < 0.005) than the APLD group. The reduction in VAT in all groups was correlated with intakes of calcium (r = 0.40$$$ P < 0.05) and protein (r = 0.32$$$ P < 0.05). Therefore, diet‐ and exercise‐induced weight loss with higher protein and increased dairy product intakes promotes more favorable body composition changes in women characterized by greater total and visceral fat loss and lean mass gain.
Effect of whole milk compared with skimmed milk on fasting blood lipids in healthy adults: a 3-week randomized crossover study$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Dietary guidelines have for decades recommended choosing low‐fat dairy products due to the high content of saturated fat in dairy known to increase blood concentration of LDL cholesterol. However, meta‐analyses including observational studies show no association between overall dairy intake and risk of cardiovascular disease and even point to an inverse association with type 2 diabetes. The objective was to compare the effects of whole milk (3.5% fat) with skimmed milk (0.1% fat) on fasting serum blood lipids, insulin, and plasma glucose in healthy subjects. SUBJECT/METHODS: A randomized, controlled 2 × 3‐week crossover dietary intervention in 18 healthy adults randomly assigned to a sequence of treatments consisting of 0.5 L/d of whole milk and skimmed milk as part of their habitual diet. A total of 17 subjects completed the intervention. RESULTS: Whole milk increased HDL cholesterol concentrations significantly compared to skimmed milk (P < 0.05). There were no significant differences between whole milk and skimmed milk in effects on total and LDL cholesterol, triacylglycerol, insulin, and glucose concentrations. CONCLUSIONS: Intake of 0.5 L/d of whole milk did not adversely affect fasting blood lipids, glucose, or insulin compared to skimmed milk. Moreover, intake of whole milk increased HDL cholesterol concentration compared to skimmed milk. These findings suggest that if the higher energy content is taken into account, whole milk might be considered a part of a healthy diet among the normocholesterolemic population.
β-Lactoglobulin Elevates Insulin and Glucagon Concentrations Compared with Whey Protein-A Randomized Double-Blinded Crossover Trial in Patients with Type Two Diabetes Mellitus$$$ Whey protein is an insulinotropic fraction of dairy that reduces postprandial glucose levels in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). We have recently shown that β‐lactoglobulin (BLG), the largest protein fraction of whey, elevates insulin concentrations compared with iso‐nitrogenous whey protein isolate (WPI) in healthy individuals. We therefore hypothesized that BLG pre‐meals would lower glucose levels compared with WPI in patients with T2DM. We investigated 16 participants with T2DM using a randomized double‐blinded cross‐over design with two pre‐meal interventions, (i) 25 g BLG and (ii) 25 g WPI prior to an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), followed by four days of continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) at home. BLG increased concentrations of insulin with 10%, glucagon with 20%, and glucose with 10% compared with WPI after the OGTT (all p < 0.05). Both BLG and WPI reduced the interstitial fluid (ISF) glucose concentrations (using CGM) with 2 mM and lowered glycemic variability with 10–15%, compared with tap‐water (p < 0.05), and WPI lowered the ISF glucose with 0.5 mM compared with BLG from 120 min and onwards (p < 0.05). In conclusion, BLG pre‐meals resulted in higher insulin, glucagon, and glucose concentrations compared with WPI in participants with T2DM. Pre‐meal servings of WPI remains the most potent protein in terms of lowering postprandial glucose excursions.
Efficacy and safety of an adsorbent and anti-oxidative vaginal gel on CIN1 and 2, on high-risk HPV, and on p16/Ki-67: a randomized controlled trial$$$ Purpose: The effect of SAM vaginal gel, a medical device containing adsorptive silicon dioxide and antioxidative sodium selenite and citric acid, on histologically‐proven cervical intraepithelial neoplasia type 2 (CIN2) as well as p16 positive CIN1, and on the presence of the onco‐marker p16 was investigated. Methods: 216 women aged 25–60 years were randomized to either receive an intravaginal daily dose of SAM gel for three 28‐day periods, or be followed‐up without intervention. The primary endpoint was efficacy, defined as a combined histological and cytological regression. At baseline and after 3 months participants had: a guided biopsy including p16 immunohistochemical (IHC) staining, only if a lesion was visible at colposcopy$$$ a cervical smear for cytology, high‐risk human papillomavirus (hr‐HPV) and a p16/Ki‐67 test. At 6 months a further cytology and p16/Ki‐67 test was performed. Results: Regression of CIN lesions was observed in 78 out of 108 patients (72.2%) in the SAM gel arm and in 27 out of 108 patients (25.0%) in the control arm. Similarly, the change in the p16/Ki‐67 cytological test status was significantly in favor of the treatment arm. The prevalence of hr‐HPV decreased significantly (p < 0.001) in the treatment arm, from 87.0% to 39.8%, while it slightly increased in the control arm, from 78.7% to 83.3%. At 6 months the cytological regression in the treatment group and the highly significant effect on p16/Ki‐67 was still present. Conclusion: SAM vaginal gel enhances the regression of cervical lesions and clears hr‐HPV and p16/Ki‐67 in smears significantly, thus offering an active non‐destructive management to prevent cervical cancer. Trial registration number: ISRCTN11009040, date of registration: 10/12/2019$$$ https://doi.org/10.1186/ISRCTN11009040$$$ retrospectively registered.
Carbohydrate modified diet and insulin sensitizers reduce fasting insulin and body weight, modulate measures of the metabolic syndrome, and improve adipokines in EMPOWIR (enhance the metabolic profile of women with insulin resistance) a randomized clinical trial (NCT00618071) of normoglycemic, hyperinsulinemic women with midlife weight gain$$$ BACKGROUND Progressive midlife weight gain is associated with diabetes1 and all‐cause mortality2 and preventive interventions targeting high risk populations are critically needed. EMPOWIR, a double blind, placebo controlled, randomized clinical trial of metformin (MF) 2000mg & MF plus 4 mg (low dose) rosiglitazone (RSG) was conducted to evaluate prior research on Syndrome W, an early manifestation of insulin resistance, defined by the triad of Weight gain (≥20 lbs after the 20's), Waist gain, and White Coat hypertension and normoglycemic hyperinsulinemia3‐6 and test the hypothesis that insulin sensitizers plus carbohydrate modified diet could reduce BW and attenuate risks of diabetes and related comorbidities. METHODS We compared fasting insulin (FIn) & glucose (FBS), BW, HOMA, blood pressure (BP), lipids, adiponectin (Adp), & leptin (Lp) at baseline & 6‐months in 46 subjects (mean age 46.6, BMI 30.5kg/m2, A1C 5.4%) meeting inclusion criteria: age 35‐55$$$ 20 lb wt gain$$$ normal GTT with ↑AUC‐insulin. Paired t‐tests & multivariate models were used (SPSS 19.0). Participants attended 4 weekly nutrition workshops (lead‐in phase) at 2 study sites to introduce the EMPOWIR dietary intervention: a food exchange program (40% carbohydrates‐40% protein‐20% fat) promoting increased intake of vegetables, low‐glycemic index fruits, low‐fat protein & dairy products, elimination of free sugars, & restriction of 3 allowable additional carbohydrates (starches) to after 4PM. RESULTS Significant reductions in mean BW were observed in all 3 study arms (P's=.049.005.017). FBS declined significantly only in the MF arm (89.4‐>84.0mg/dl, P=.034) FIn reduction was significant in the MF arm (12.5‐>8.0μU/ml, P= .011). HOMA decreased in MF & MF+RSG arms (2.5‐>1.6 &1.9‐>1.3, P's=.054 &.013). SBP decreased in the MF arm (114.3‐>107.2, P=.001). HDL increased in placebo & MF arms (49.3‐>56.3 & 57.4‐>67.7 mg/dl, P's=.016 &.026) without other significant lipid changes. Adp increased only in the MF+RSG arm (11.2‐>18.5μg/ml, P<.001). Lp did not decline in subjects with BW loss (mean difference ‐0.17, P=.907). MF was well tolerated with no reported adverse events. CONCLUSIONS The EMPOWIR diet independently, and in combination with insulin sensitizers, reduced BW in a diverse cohort of normoglycemic, hyperinsulinemic midlife women and merits additional study. Measures of glucose homeostasis and metabolic syndrome improved significantly with MF, whereas Adp increased only in the MF + RSG study arm.
Effect of high protein supplement on muscle strength, muscle mass and physical function in elderly population$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Lifestyle counselling: Total duration of study is 84 days. Subject will visit at site on Day 1, Day 28, Day 56, Day 84, Day 112, Day 140 and Day 168 Intervention2: Horlicks Strength Plus (30 g P‐ONS in 150 ml milk): 30 g P‐ONS in 150 ml milk, twice a day (2‐3 hours‐ after breakfast and before dinner) along with lifestyle counselling. Subject will visit at site on Day 1, Day 28, Day 56 and Day 84. Intervention3: Horlicks Strength Plus (30 g P‐ONS in 150 ml water): 30 g P‐ONS in 150 ml water, twice a day (2‐3 hours‐ after breakfast and before dinner) along with lifestyle counselling. Subject will visit at site on Day 1, Day 28, Day 56 and Day 84. Intervention4: Lifestyle Couselling: Total duration of the study is 168 days. Subject will visit at site on Day 1, Day 28, Day 56, Day 84, Day 112, Day 140 and Day 168 Control Intervention1: NA: NA Control Intervention2: Lifestyle Couselling: Total duration of the study is 168 days. Subject will visit at site on Day 1, Day 28, Day 56, Day 84, Day 112, Day 140 and Day 168 CONDITION: PRIMARY OUTCOME: To determine the effect of a protein supplement with lifestyle counselling versus lifestyle counselling alone on muscle strength or physical function on elderly participants after a 12 week period of consumption.Timepoint: Subject will visit at site on Day 1, Day 28, Day 56, Day 84, Day 112, Day 140 and Day 168 SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1. To determine the effect of a protein supplement with lifestyle counselling versus lifestyle counselling alone on muscle strength or physical function on elderly participants after a 24 week & period of consumption. $$$ 2. To determine the effect of a protein supplement with lifestyle counselling versus lifestyle counselling alone on muscle mass on elderly participants after 12‐ & 24‐week of consumption. $$$ 3. To determine the effect of a protein supplement with lifestyle counselling versus lifestyle counselling alone on dietary intake of elderly participants after 12‐ & 24‐week of consumption. $$$ Timepoint: Subject will visit at site on Day 1, Day 28, Day 56, Day 84, Day 112, Day 140 & Day 168 INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1.Physically independent mobile men and post menopausal women above or equal to 60 years of age who are able to rise from a seated position to standing will be considered 2.All participants below the cutoff for 30 second Chair Stand test 30CST will be included in the study 30SCST cutoffs more than 9 for men and more than 8 for women to be considered 3.Participants having normal resting blood pressure or stage I hypertension systolic blood pressure BP greater than or equal to greater than or equal to 130 to 139 mmHg diastolic BP greater than or equal 80 to 89 mmHg will be considered 4.Participants having BMI 20 to 32.5 kg per m2 will be considered 5.Participants or diabetics on stable doses of oral hypoglycemic agents OHA for at least the last 3 months with glycated hemoglobin HbA1C less than or equal to 8 percent will be considered 6.Participants with a normal liver function and or kidney function and CBC or abnormal
A randomised phase IIB trialto assess the efficacy of ice-cream-formulated ironsaturated lactoferrin and anhydrous milk fat in preventing chemotherapy induced diarrhea$$$ Background and Aims Background: A medicinal food product containing iron‐saturated lactoferrin and anhydrous milk fat (ReChargeTM) has been shown to reduce the effects of chemotherapy on the gut in animals. We report results of a randomized blinded placebo‐controlled Phase IIb trial investigating the efficacy and safety of ReCharge formulated as ice‐cream in preventing chemotherapy induced diarrhea (CID) in patients receiving chemotherapy. Objectives: To determine whether ReCharge reduces the number of days with CID and, as a key secondary measure, the incidence of diarrhea. Methods Patients (197) were randomized 1:1 to ReCharge or placebo. Patients consumed 100 ml study product for 14±4 days before starting chemotherapy and for 6 weeks after starting chemotherapy$$$ completed daily diaries for 8 weeks and attended clinic visits until 12 weeks (2‐ week cycles) or 14 weeks (3‐week cycles). Results The mean number of days with diary‐recorded CID was marginally but not statistically significantly lower on ReCharge than placebo (‐2.0, 95% confidence interval (‐4.7 to 0.7)), (p=0.2). However the proportion reporting diarrhea at clinic was 30% lower (p=0.012). Missing diary data may have contributed to the discrepancy. Conclusions We found no clear evidence of a benefit from ReCharge in reducing CID as measured by patient self‐report diary. The converse finding of benefit as measured at clinic visits (secondary endpoint) and the incomplete adherence to diary completion however indicate further research is required into optimal methods for measuring CID.
Effect of sodium alginate addition to chocolate milk on glycemia, insulin, appetite and food intake in healthy adult men$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Sodium alginate reduces appetite and glycemia, when consumed in water‐ and sugar‐based drinks. But, its effects when added to other commonly consumed beverages have not been reported. Because chocolate milk (CM) is criticized for raising blood glucose more than unflavored milk, the aim of our study was to investigate the effect of adding a strong‐gelling sodium alginate to CM on glycemia, insulinemia, appetite and food intake. SUBJECTS/METHODS: In a randomized crossover design, 24 men (22.9±0.4 years$$$ 22.5±0.3 kg/m(2)) were provided with isovolumetric (325 ml) treatments of CM, 1.25% alginate CM, 2.5% alginate CM or 2.5% alginate solution. Sodium alginate had a ratio of 0.78:1 of mannuronic acid (M) to guluronic acid (G) residues, and was block distributed. Treatments were standardized for lactose, sucrose and calcium content, and provided 120 min before an ad libitum pizza meal during which food intake was measured. Appetite and blood glucose and insulin were measured at baseline and at intervals pre‐ and post‐meal. RESULTS: Addition of 2.5% alginate to CM reduced peak glucose concentrations, at 30 min, by an average of 6% and 13% compared with 1.25% alginate CM (95% confidence intervals (CIs): 0.02‐1.08$$$ P=0.037) and CM alone (95% CIs: 0.49‐1.55$$$ P=0.000) respectively. Insulin peaks at 30 min were lower by 46% after 2.5% alginate CM relative to CM (95% CIs: 3.49‐31.78$$$ P=0.009). Pre‐meal appetite was attenuated dose dependently by alginate addition to CM$$$ CM with 2.5% alginate reduced mean appetite by an average of 134% compared with CM alone (95% CIs: 8.87‐18.98$$$ P=0.000). However, total caloric intake at the pizza meal did not differ among treatments. CONCLUSIONS: The addition of a strong‐gelling sodium alginate to CM decreases pre‐meal glycemia, insulinemia and appetite, but not caloric intake at a meal 2 h later, in healthy adult men.
Effect of free plant sterols in low-fat milk on serum lipid profile in hypercholesterolemic subjects$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine the effect of nonesterified, nonhydrogenated plant sterols solubilized in a partly vegetable oil‐filled low‐fat milk on serum low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL) in mildly hypercholesterolemic patients. DESIGN: Double‐blind, randomized, placebo‐controlled three‐arm crossover study. SETTING: Outpatient clinical trial. SUBJECTS: A total of 138 patients were screened, providing 81 patients for randomization$$$ 71 patients completed the study. INTERVENTIONS: The study product was a 500 ml milk blend with or without nonesterified, nonhydrogenated sterols. The daily consumption of sterols in the three groups was 0 g/day, control group (C)$$$ 1.2 g/day, (Lo)$$$ or 1.6 g/day, (Hi), respectively. The patients were randomly assigned to one of three different treatment sequences. Each intervention period was 4 weeks. The total study duration was 12 weeks. RESULTS: The milk product was well tolerated. The placebo‐adjusted mean reduction in LDL was 7.13+/‐12.31 and 9.59+/‐12.44% (mean+/‐s.d.) for Lo and Hi groups, respectively (P<0.0001)$$$ there was no statistically significant difference in LDL lowering for the Lo and Hi groups. There were no significant changes in serum vitamin E or carotenoid concentrations after standardization with LDL cholesterol during the study period. CONCLUSION: The present study shows for the first time a substantial reduction in LDL cholesterol with a new, partly vegetable oil‐filled 1.2% low‐fat milk product, containing nonesterified plant sterols from soybean oil, in a randomized, placebo‐controlled trial. This result encourages further development of novel low‐fat dairy products containing free plant sterols for future use in cholesterol‐lowering initiatives.
Postprandial muscle protein synthesis is higher after a high whey protein, leucine-enriched supplement than after a dairy-like product in healthy older people: a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Decreased ability of muscles to respond to anabolic stimuli is part of the underlying mechanism for muscle loss with aging. Previous studies suggest that substantial amounts of essential amino acids (EAA), whey protein and leucine are beneficial for stimulation of acute muscle protein synthesis in older adults. However, these studies supplied only proteins, and no bolus studies have been done with dairy products or supplements that contained also fat and carbohydrates besides proteins. The aim of this study was to evaluate whether a specifically designed nutritional supplement in older adults stimulates muscle protein synthesis acutely to a greater extent than a conventional dairy product. Moreover, the combined effect with resistance exercise was studied by using a unilateral resistance exercise protocol. METHODS: Utilizing a randomized, controlled, double blind study design, healthy older adults received a single bolus of a high whey protein, leucine‐enriched supplement (EXP: 20 g whey protein, 3g total leucine, 150 kcal$$$ n = 9) or an iso‐caloric milk protein control ( CONTROL: 6g milk protein$$$ n = 10), immediately after unilateral resistance exercise. Postprandial mixed muscle protein fractional synthesis rate (FSR) was measured over 4h using a tracer infusion protocol with L‐[ring‐¹³C₆]‐phenylalanine and regular blood and muscle sampling. RESULTS: FSR was significantly higher overall after EXP (0.0780 ± 0.0070%/h) vs CONTROL (0.0574 ± 0.0066%/h (EMM ± SE)) (p = 0.049). No interaction between treatment and exercise was observed (p = 0.519). Higher postprandial concentrations of EAA and leucine are possible mediating factors for the FSR response, while plasma insulin increase did not dictate the FSR response. Moreover, when the protein intake from the supplements was expressed per kg leg lean mass (LLM), a significant correlation was observed with resting postprandial FSR (r = 0.48, P = 0.038). CONCLUSIONS: Ingestion of a high whey protein, leucine‐enriched supplement resulted in a larger overall postprandial muscle protein synthesis rate in healthy older subjects compared with a conventional dairy product. This acute effect is promising for long‐term effects on parameters of muscle mass, strength and function in sarcopenic older people, which requires further study. TRIAL REGISTRATION: This trial is registered in the Dutch Trial Register under number NTR1823.
Low and moderate-fat plant sterol fortified soymilk in modulation of plasma lipids and cholesterol kinetics in subjects with normal to high cholesterol concentrations: report on two randomized crossover studies$$$ BACKGROUND: Although consumption of various plant sterol (PS)‐enriched beverages is effective in lowering plasma cholesterol, the lipid‐lowering potential of PS in a soymilk format has not been investigated thoroughly. Therefore, to evaluate the efficacy of PS‐enriched soy beverages on plasma lipids and cholesterol kinetics, we conducted two separate 28 d dietary controlled cross‐over studies. In study 1, the cholesterol‐lowering efficacy of a low‐fat (2 g/serving) PS enriched soy beverage was examined in 33 normal cholesterolemic subjects in comparison with 1% dairy milk. In study 2, we investigated the efficacy of a moderate‐fat (3.5 g/serving) PS‐enriched soy beverage on plasma cholesterol concentrations and cholesterol kinetic responses in 23 hypercholesterolemic subjects compared with 1% dairy milk. Both the low and moderate‐fat PS‐enriched soymilk varieties provided 1.95 g PS/d. Endpoint plasma variables were analyzed by repeated‐measures ANOVA using baseline values as covariates for plasma lipid measurements. RESULTS: In comparison with the 1% dairy milk control, the low‐fat soy beverage reduced (P < 0.05) total and LDL‐cholesterol by 10 and 13%, respectively. Consumption of the moderate‐fat PS‐enriched soy beverage reduced (P < 0.05) plasma total and LDL‐cholesterol by 12 and 15% respectively. Fasting triglycerides were reduced by 9.4% following consumption of the moderate‐fat soy beverage in comparison with the 1% dairy milk. Both low and moderate‐fat PS‐enriched soy varieties reduced (P < 0.05) LDL:HDL and TC:HDL ratios compared with the 1% dairy milk control. Consumption of the moderate‐fat PS‐enriched soymilk reduced (P < 0.05) cholesterol absorption by 27%, but did not alter cholesterol synthesis in comparison with 1% dairy milk. CONCLUSION: We conclude that, compared to 1% dairy milk, consumption of low and moderate‐fat PS‐enriched soy beverages represents an effective dietary strategy to reduce circulating lipid concentrations in normal to hypercholesterolemic individuals by reducing intestinal cholesterol absorption. TRIAL REGISTRATION (CLINICALTRIALS.GOV): NCT00923403 (Study 1), NCT00924391 (Study 2).
Beneficial effects of medium-chain saturated dairy fat on the body composition of abdominal obese subjects (dairyhealth): a 12-week, randomized, double-blinded, intervention study$$$ Obesity, reduced insulin sensitivity and hypertension are important risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) and type 2 diabetes (T2D). These risk factors are influenced by the dietary behaviour. Thus the consumption of dairy products e.g. whey protein and medium‐chain saturated fatty acids (MC‐SFA) may have a beneficial impact. To test this, we conducted a 12‐week randomized, double‐blinded, parallel controlled, diet intervention in 63 abdominal obese subjects. Subjects were randomized into one of four diets in a 2 x 2 factorial square design: 60 g/day of whey or casein combined with 63 g/day of milk fat with either high (8.5 g/ day) or low content of MC‐SFA (6.9 g/day). Body composition was assessed by dual‐energy x‐ray absorption scan at baseline and after intervention. We estimated insulin sensitivity using the homeostatic model assessment (HOMA‐IR) and the Matsuda Index. In addition, diurnal blood pressure (24‐h BP) was measured. Two‐way ANOVA analysis was used to examine the difference between the whey and casein supplementation and between the high and low MC‐SFA supplementation, as well as to elucidate potential interactions between the protein and the MC‐SFA. Fifty‐two subjects completed the intervention. We found that lean body mass increased by 981 g (95% CI: 248, 1713$$$ p=0.010) by the diet supplemented with milk fat high rather than low in MC‐SFA, whereas total body fat percentage was lowered by 0.70% (95% CI: 0.10, 1.31$$$ p=0.024). These changes were independent of the protein type. We found no difference in HOMA‐IR, the Matsuda Index, glycated hemoglobin, or 24‐h BP between protein type or fat composition. In conclusion, supplementation with milk fat enriched in MC‐SFA via a feasible cattle feeding regimen resulted in increased lean body mass and lower total body fat percentage in abdominal obese subjects underlining the importance of the fat quality in dairy products.
Effects of Daily Intake of Calcium and Vitamin D-Enriched Milk in Healthy Postmenopausal Women: a Randomized, Controlled, Double-Blind Nutritional Study$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine the effect of the daily intake of calcium and vitamin D‐enriched milk (with or without fructooligosaccharides [FOS]) on vitamin D, bone metabolism, and cardiovascular risk factors. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Two‐year randomized controlled study, including 500 healthy postmenopausal women, assigned to 500 mL/day of skimmed milk to one of three groups: Low‐dose (L): (120 mg/100 mL calcium, vitamin D3 30 UI/100 mL), group A: calcium and vitamin D (180 mg/100 mL and 120 UI/100 mL), and group B: calcium and vitamin D (180 mg/100 mL and 120 UI/100 mL) and FOS (5 g/L). We evaluated serum 25(OH)D, bone mineral density (BMD) by Dual Energy X‐ray Absorptiometry, and biochemical data of glucose and lipid metabolism. RESULTS: After 24 months, vitamin D concentrations did not change in the control group, but increased in group A and group B, p < 0.001. We observed an increase in femoral neck BMD and an improvement in fasting plasma glucose, HbA1c, total cholesterol, low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol, and apolipoprotein B 100. CONCLUSIONS: Daily intake of milk enriched with calcium and vitamin D in postmenopausal healthy women induces a significant improvement in vitamin D status, a significant increase in BMD at femoral neck, and also favorable effects on glucose and lipid profile.
Dairy products, calcium, and prostate cancer risk in the physicians' health study$$$ BACKGROUND: A high calcium intake, mainly from dairy products, may increase prostate cancer risk by lowering concentrations of 1,25‐dihydroxyvitamin D(3) [1,25(OH)(2)D(3)], a hormone thought to protect against prostate cancer. The results of epidemiologic studies of this hypothesis are inconclusive. OBJECTIVE: We investigated the association between dairy product and calcium intakes and prostate cancer risk in the Physicians' Health Study, a cohort of male US physicians. DESIGN: At baseline, the men answered abbreviated dietary questionnaires. During 11 y of follow‐up, we documented 1012 incident cases of prostate cancer among 20885 men. We estimated dairy calcium intake on the basis of consumption of 5 major dairy products and used logistic regression to estimate relative risk. RESULTS: At baseline, men who consumed >600 mg Ca/d from skim milk had lower plasma 1,25(OH)(2)D(3) concentrations than did those consuming < or =150 mg Ca/d [71 compared with 85 pmol/L (30.06 compared with 35.64 pg/mL)$$$ P = 0.005]. Compared with men consuming < or =0.5 daily servings of dairy products, those consuming >2.5 servings had a multivariate relative risk of prostate cancer of 1.34 (95% CI: 1.04, 1.71) after adjustment for baseline age, body mass index, smoking, exercise, and randomized treatment assignment in the original placebo‐controlled trial. Compared with men consuming < or =150 mg Ca/d from dairy products, men consuming >600 mg/d had a 32% higher risk of prostate cancer (95% CI: 1.08, 1.63). CONCLUSIONS: These results support the hypothesis that dairy products and calcium are associated with a greater risk of prostate cancer.
Dairy products and metabolic effects in overweight men and women: results from a 6-mo intervention study$$$ BACKGROUND: Some epidemiologic studies have suggested inverse relations between intake of dairy products and components of the metabolic syndrome. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to investigate the effects of an increased intake of dairy products in persons with a habitually low intake on body composition and factors related to the metabolic syndrome. DESIGN: Middle‐aged overweight subjects (n = 121) with traits of the metabolic syndrome were recruited in Finland, Norway, and Sweden and randomly assigned into milk or control groups. The milk group was instructed to consume 3‐5 portions of dairy products daily. The control group maintained their habitual diet. Clinical investigations were conducted on admission and after 6 mo. RESULTS: There were no significant differences between changes in body weight or body composition, blood pressure, markers of inflammation, endothelial function, adiponectin, or oxidative stress in the milk and the control groups. There was a modest unfavorable increase in serum cholesterol concentrations in the milk group (P = 0.043). Among participants with a low calcium intake at baseline (<700 mg/d), there was a significant treatment effect for waist circumference (P = 0.003) and sagittal abdominal diameter (P = 0.034). When the sexes were analyzed separately, leptin increased (P = 0.045) and vascular cell adhesion molecule‐1 decreased (P = 0.001) in women in the milk group. CONCLUSIONS: This study gives no clear support to the hypothesis that a moderately increased intake of dairy products beneficially affects aspects of the metabolic syndrome. The apparently positive effects on waist circumference and sagittal abdominal diameter in subjects with a low calcium intake suggest a possible threshold in relation to effects on body composition.
Calcium intake and disease prevention$$$ While the fundamental metabolic function of calcium is to serve as a second messenger, coupling intracellular responses to extracellular signals, nutritional deficiency of calcium is manifested at a higher level of organization: 1) depletion of the calcium nutrient reserve$$$ 2) inadequate complexation of digestive byproducts$$$ and 3) collateral effects of hormones produced primarily to compensate for low calcium intake. The first mechanism contributes to the osteoporosis problem, the second to kidney stones and colon cancer, and the third to hypertension, preeclampsia, obesity, and insulin resistance, among others. Adequate calcium intakes (1000‐1500 mg/d) in adults have been shown in controlled trials to lower the risk of osteoporotic fractures, kidney stones, obesity, and hypertension. The best source of calcium is dairy foods, largely because the disorders concerned depend upon multiple nutrients, not just calcium, and dairy provides a broad array of essential nutrients in addition to calcium, and at low cost.
Postprandial Plasma Phospholipids in Men Are Influenced by the Source of Dietary Fat$$$ BACKGROUND: Postprandial lipemia represents a risk factor for chronic diseases, including type 2 diabetes. Little is known about the effect of dietary fat on the plasma lipidome in the postprandial period. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to assess the effect of dairy fat and soy oil on circulating postprandial lipids in men. METHODS: Men (40‐60 y old, nonsmokers$$$ n = 16) were randomly assigned in a crossover design to consume 2 breakfast meals of dairy‐based or soy oil‐based foods. The changes in the plasma lipidome during the 4‐h postprandial period were analyzed with electrospray ionization tandem mass spectrometry and included 316 lipid species in 23 classes and subclasses, representing sphingolipids, phospholipids, glycerolipids, and sterols. RESULTS: Nonparametric Friedman tests showed significant changes in multiple plasma lipid classes, subclasses, and species in the postprandial period after both dairy and soy meals. No difference was found in triglyceridemia after each meal. However, 6 endogenous lipid classes increased after dairy but decreased after soy (P < 0.05), including ether‐linked phospholipids and plasmalogens and sphingomyelin (not present in soy), dihexosylceramide, and GM3 ganglioside. Phosphatidylcholine and phosphatidylinositol were not affected by the soy meal but were significantly elevated after the dairy meal (8.3% and 16%, respectively$$$ P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: The changes in postprandial plasma phospholipids in men relate to the diet composition and the relative size of the endogenous phospholipid pools. Despite similar lipemic responses as measured by changes in triglyceride concentrations, the differential responses to dairy and soy meals derived through lipidomic analysis of phospholipids suggest differences in the metabolism of soybean oil and dairy fat. The increased concentrations of plasmalogens, with potential antioxidant capacity, in the postprandial period after dairy but not soy meals may represent a further important difference in the response to these sources of fat. The trial was registered at www.anzctr.org.au as ACTRN12610000562077.
The Effects of a High-Protein Dairy Milk Beverage With or Without Progressive Resistance Training on Fat-Free Mass, Skeletal Muscle Strength and Power, and Functional Performance in Healthy Active Older Adults: A 12-Week Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ The study aimed to investigate the independent and combined effects of consuming a high‐protein dairy milk beverage, twice daily, with or without a progressive resistance training (PRT) program on outcomes of age‐related sarcopenia, in healthy active older (=50 years) adults. In this 12‐week, 2 × 2 factorial study, participants were randomly allocated into one of four groups: dairy milk beverage (DM), exercise and dairy milk beverage (EX+DM), exercise alone (EX), and control (CON). The EX group underwent a 12‐week whole‐body PRT schedule (three sessions/week) and a high‐protein dairy milk beverage (DM) was consumed twice daily (30 g protein/day). At weeks 0, 6, and 12, body composition (iDXA), strength [one‐repetition maximum (1RM): leg press, chest press, lateral (lat) pull‐down, and handgrip], power (countermovement jump), cardiorespiratory fitness (VO2), and physical performance (gait speed) were measured. Before measurements, blood samples were collected to determine the immune (i.e., leukocyte trafficking and inflammatory cytokines) and hormonal (i.e., insulin, cortisol, IGF‐1, testosterone, and estradiol) profiles. Participants (n = 37) completed the study within the controlled experimental conditions. Protein intake increased in the EX+DM [mean ± SD, 1.2 ± 0.2 to 1.8 ± 0.4 g/kg body mass (BM) per day‐1] and DM (1.3 ± 0.5 to 1.8 ± 0.6 g kg‐1 BM day‐1) groups during the intervention. Absolute fat‐free mass increased in the EX+DM [mean (95% confidence interval) = 0.65 (0.25‐1.0) kg] and EX [0.49 (‐0.44 to 1.40) kg] groups (P < 0.001) compared to DM [‐0.54 (‐1.6 to 0.05) kg]. Relative fat mass decreased (group*time, P = 0.018) in DM [‐1.8% (‐3.3 to ‐0.35%)] and EX+DM [‐1.3% (‐2.3 to ‐0.31%)], which was a greater reduction than that in the CON [0.10% (‐0.80 to 1.0%)] group (P < 0.01). Relative maximal strength increased in both the EX and EX+DM (=35%, P < 0.05) groups, but not in the DM and CON groups. The change in 1RM strength outcomes was higher in EX+DM compared to all other groups (53‐78%, P < 0.01). There was an increase in resting plasma IL‐10 concentration in EX+DM (88%), compared to all the other groups (P = 0.016). No other differences in systemic inflammatory cytokines were observed. There were no significant changes in all hormone concentrations measured among all groups. In conclusion, a high‐protein dairy milk beverage providing additional protein did not further enhance the effects of PRT on outcomes of fat‐free mass, power, or physical performance. However, there was a significant augmentative effect for high‐protein dairy milk consumption on changes to maximal strength outcomes during PRT in healthy active older adults.
Dietary approaches to stop hypertension influence on insulin receptor substrate-1gene expression: a randomized controlled clinical trial$$$ Background: Insulin receptor substrate (IRS) Type 1 is a main substrate for the insulin receptor, controls insulin signaling in skeletal muscle, adipose tissue, and the vascular, so it is an important candidate gene for insulin resistance (IR). We aimed to compare the effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) and Usual Dietary Advices (UDA) on IRS1 gene expression in women at risk for cardiovascular disease. Materials and Methods: A randomized controlled clinical trial was performed in 44 women at risk for cardiovascular disease. Participants were randomly assigned to a UDA diet or the DASH diet. The DASH diet was rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and low‐fat dairy products and low in saturated fat, total fat, cholesterol, refined grains, and sweets, with a total of 2400 mg/day sodium. The UDA diet was a regular diet with healthy dietary advice. Gene expression was assessed by the real‐time polymerase chain reaction at the first of study and after 12 weeks. Independent sample t‐test and paired‐samples t‐test were used to compare means of all variables within and between two groups respectively. Results: IRS1 gene expression was increased in DASH group compared with UDA diet (P = 0.00). Weight and waist circumference decreased in DASH group significantly compared to the UDA group (P < 0.05) but the results between the two groups showed no significant difference. Conclusion: DASH diet increased IRS1 gene expression and probably has beneficial effects on IR risks.
A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of 5-fluorouracil for the treatment of cervicovaginal human papillomavirus$$$ OBJECTIVE: To compare intravaginal 5‐fluorouracil (5‐FU) and placebo for the treatment of cervical and/or vaginal human papillomavirus (HPV). METHODS: A randomized, placebo‐controlled trial was performed. Women with HPV detected visually or by Papanicolaou (Pap) test and confirmed by colposcopic biopsy were randomized to receive either intravaginal 5‐FU cream or an intravaginal placebo cream. Women with cervical or vaginal intraepithelial neoplasia were excluded. The primary outcome measure was cytologic regression of HPV as determined by Pap test screening 4 to 6 months after treatment. The secondary outcome was cytologic evidence of disease progression at both the 4‐6‐month and 12‐month follow‐up evaluations. Data were analyzed using the Chi square test with significance established at P < 0.05. RESULTS: A total of forty patients were randomized, and thirty patients had a follow‐up Pap test 4 to 6 months after treatment. Of those patients treated with 5‐FU, 28% demonstrated regression of HPV on cytologic evaluation, compared with 69% of those treated with placebo (P < 0.05). Twelve‐month follow‐up cytology was available from 18 of the study participants. There were no significant differences in the frequency of cytologic progression or regression between groups at 12 months. CONCLUSION: Four to six months post treatment, the use of intravaginal 5‐FU for the treatment of cervical or vaginal HPV is associated with a lower rate of regression than the use of placebo.
Effects of plant sterol esters in skimmed milk and vegetable-fat-enriched milk on serum lipids and non-cholesterol sterols in hypercholesterolaemic subjects: a randomised, placebo-controlled, crossover study$$$ Plant sterol (PS)‐supplemented foods are recommended to help in lowering serum LDL‐cholesterol (LDL‐C). Few studies have examined the efficacy of PS‐enriched skimmed milk (SM) or semi‐SM enriched with vegetable fat (PS‐VFM). There is also insufficient information on factors predictive of LDL‐C responses to PS. We examined the effects of PS‐SM (0·1 % dairy fat) and PS‐VFM (0·1 % dairy fat plus 1·5 % vegetable fat) on serum lipids and non‐cholesterol sterols in hypercholesterolaemic individuals. In a placebo‐controlled, crossover study, forty‐three subjects with LDL‐C>1300 mg/l were randomly assigned to three 4‐week treatment periods: control SM, PS‐SM and PS‐VFM, with 500 ml milk with or without 3·4 g PS esters (2 g free PS). Serum concentrations of lipids and non‐cholesterol sterols were measured. Compared to control, LDL‐C decreased by 8·0 and 7·4 % (P < 0·015, both) in the PS‐SM and PS‐VFM periods, respectively. Serum lathosterol:cholesterol (C) ratios increased by 11‐25 %, while sitosterol:C and campesterol:C ratios increased by 70‐120 % with both the PS‐fortified milk. Adjusted LDL‐C reductions were variably enhanced in participants with basal low serum lathosterol/C or conversely high sitosterol/C and campesterol/C. Subjects with post‐treatment serum PS:C ratios above the median showed mean LDL‐C changes of ‐ 5·9 to ‐ 10·4 %, compared with 1·7 to ‐ 2·9 % below the median. In conclusion, consumption of 2 g/d of PS as PS‐SM and PS‐VFM lowered LDL‐C in hypercholesterolaemic subjects to a similar extent. Basal and post‐treatment changes in markers of cholesterol metabolism indicating low cholesterol synthesis and high cholesterol absorption predicted improved LDL‐C responses to PS.
Antidiabetic Treatment in Patients at High Risk for a Subsequent Keratinocyte Carcinoma$$$ Metformin and sulfonylureas are the most commonly prescribed drugs used for the treatment of type II diabetes. Type II diabetes has been linked to the development of keratinocyte carcinoma (KC), consisting of basal cell carcinoma (BCC) and squamous cell carcinoma (SCC). Previously we have demonstrated lower risk for a subsequent KC in metformin users. In this study, we aim to investigate the association between sulfonylureas use and the development of KC in patients with KC history. We performed a retrospective cohort study of the Veterans Affairs Keratinocyte Carcinoma Chemoprevention Trial, which was a randomized double‐blind vehicle‐control cream originally investigating the effect of 5‐fluorouracil on KC development. 932 patients with a history of KC were enrolled (98% male, 99% white, median age of 70 years) and followed for a median duration of 2.8 years. 153 patients were on metformin and 94 on sulfonylureas. We performed a survival analysis with cox regression and controlled for body mass index and known predictors: number of prior BCCs and age (for BCC) and for number of prior SCCs (invasive and in situ), number of actinic keratoses at baseline (for SCC). Sulfonylurea‐users com‐pared to non‐users had a HR of 0.67 (CI: 0.40–1.56$$$ P=0.49) and 0.94 (CI: 0.63–1.40$$$ P= 0.77), for SCC and BCC, respectively. Diabetic patients at high risk for KC might benefit from the use of metformin versus sulfonylureas. J Drugs Dermatol. 2022$$$21(5):502‐505. doi:10.36849/JDD.6087.
Dietary fat-induced postprandial lipemia: effect on arterial oxygen saturation and plasma lactate, triglyceride, and cholesterol levels in subjects with angina pectoris$$$ The effects of dietary fat‐induced lipemia on arterial oxygen tension and plasma lactate, cholesterol, and triglyceride levels were examined in 11 male subjects (average age 60) with a diagnosis of arteriosclerotic coronary vascular disease and angina pectoris. All subjects were alternately fed three isocaloric formula meals consisting of 100 g of cream fat, 100 g of saffola oil, and an isocaloric nonfat cornstarch control meal. Resting values of arterial blood gases and plasma lactate, triglyceride, and cholesterol were measured before (fasting) and at 3 and 5 hr postprandially. Both types of dietary fat produced significant postprandial decreases in plasma lactate, significant increases in plasma triglyceride and cholesterol levels, and no significant changes in arterial oxygen tension. The control meal had no effect upon any value except to transiently increase the plasma lactate. The role of postprandial lipemia in the atherosclerotic process is discussed and a hypothesis for the plasma cholesterol elevation due to dietary fats is presented.
Effect of milk fat on LDL cholesterol and other cardiovascular risk markers in healthy humans: the INNOVALAIT project$$$ Background: Milk has a specific saturated fatty acid profile and its calcium content may change the kinetics of fat absorption. Objective: The goal of this study was to compare the effect on LDL Cholesterol and other risk markers of four isolipidic diets differing by their fat food source, vegetable fat, spring milk fat, winter milk fat or winter milk fat supplemented with calcium, in healthy moderately hypercholesterolemic humans. Individuals and methods: This double‐blind, randomized trial with four parallel arms included 172 healthy adults with plasma LDL cholesterol (LDL‐C) from 130 to 220 mg/dL and triglycerides below 300 mg/dL. Individual meal plans ensured a stable energy intake. In the three diets containing milk fat, milk fat provided 38% of energy. Vegetable fat and spring milk fat diets provided the same amount of saturated fatty acids while the winter milk fat diets were slightly richer in saturated fatty acids. Vegetable fat diet and winter milk fat diets provided the same amount of palmitic acid (7.0% EI), while the spring milk fat diet was slightly poorer in this fatty acid (5.1% EI). Cardiovascular risk markers were analyzed after 8 weeks of dietary intervention. Results: There was no significant difference in LDL‐C and other markers, except total cholesterol (TC), apo C3 and CRP. TC was significantly higher with spring milk fat than with vegetable fat. Conclusions: In this trial, the chosen vegetable fat did not have a significant beneficial effect on LDL‐C compared to dairy fat. However, sub‐group analysis showed differences in TC, apo C3 and CRP. These results need confirmation and long‐term studies aiming at cardiovascular endpoints are warranted.
Effectiveness and safety of 0·5% colchicine cream vs. photodynamic therapy with methyl aminolaevulinate in the treatment of actinic keratosis and skin field cancerization of the forearms: a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Skin field cancerization (SFC) is a process that occurs in areas of the skin that have undergone genomic alterations induced by ultraviolet radiation. Actinic keratosis (AK) is a sign of its activity. Objectives: To evaluate the effectiveness and safety of 0·5% colchicine (COL) cream vs. methyl aminolaevulinate photodynamic therapy (MAL‐PDT) in the treatment of AK and SFC. Methods: We conducted a randomized, open, intrasubject controlled trial. A total of 36 participants with 3–10 AKs on each forearm were treated with either COL cream (twice daily for 10 days) or a single session of MAL‐PDT and were reassessed after 60 days. The clinical evaluation was performed using AK count, forearm photoageing scale (PAS) and AK degree (AKD). Patients underwent central forearm biopsies and histopathological evaluation by keratinocyte intraepithelial neoplasia (KIN) assessment, epithelial atrophy and immunohistochemistry (p53/Ki67). Results: Overall, 50% of patients were male. The mean age was 70·9 years (SD 8·6) and phototypes I and II were predominant (89%). Total clearance was observed in six (17%) forearms treated with COL and seven (19%) forearms treated with MAL‐PDT (P = 0·76)$$$ partial clearance was observed in 44% of forearms in the COL group and 67% of forearms in the MAL‐PDT group (P = 0·07). In both COL and MAL‐PDT groups, reductions in PAS (−6% vs. −6%) and AKD (−45% vs. −40%) were observed. KIN normalized in 28% of patients treated with MAL‐PDT and 20% of those treated with COL. Epithelial atrophy reduced after treatment (P < 0·01). Expression levels of Ki67 and p53 were also assessed. Mild or moderate adverse effects were similar for both groups. Conclusions: COL 0·5% cream and MAL‐PDT are safe and effective for treating SFC.
Topical Imiquimod for the Treatment of High-Grade Squamous Intraepithelial Lesions of the Cervix: a Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the histologic response rate of high‐grade squamous intraepithelial lesions (HSIL) of the cervix after topical application of 5% imiquimod cream. METHODS: In this phase II trial, women with cervical HSIL (cervical intraepithelial neoplasia [CIN] 2‐3) were randomly assigned to 250 mg of 5% imiquimod cream applied to the cervix weekly for 12 weeks, followed by loop electrosurgical excision procedure (LEEP) without preceding treatment. The sample size was calculated based on the HSIL regression rates previously reported by Grimm et al. The primary outcome was rate of histologic regression (to CIN 1 or less) in LEEP specimens. Prespecified secondary endpoints included surgical margin status and adverse events. Outcomes were stratified by human papillomavirus type and lesion grade (CIN 2 or CIN 3). Results were reported according to per protocol (PP) and intention‐to‐treat (ITT) analyses. RESULTS: Ninety women were enrolled: 49 in the experimental group and 41 in the control group. In the PP population, histologic regression was observed in 23 of 38 participants (61%) in the experimental group compared with 9 of 40 (23%) in the control group (P=.001). Surgical margins were negative for HSIL in 36 of 38 participants (95%) in the experimental group and 28 of 40 (70%) in the control group (P=.004). In the ITT population, rates of histologic regression also were significantly higher in the experimental group. Rates of adverse events in the experimental group were 74% (28/38) in the PP population and 78% (35/45) in the ITT population. Adverse events were mild, with abdominal pain being the most common. Three patients in the experimental group had grade 2 adverse events, including vaginal ulcer, vaginal pruritus with local edema, and moderate pelvic pain. CONCLUSION: Weekly topical treatment with imiquimod is effective in promoting regression of cervical HSIL. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT03233412.
Effect of Calcium and Vitamin D Supplementation (Dairy vs. Pharmacological) on Bone Health of Underprivileged Indian Children and Youth with Type-1 Diabetes: a Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Background: Bone health is affected by chronic childhood disorders including type‐1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). We conducted this randomized controlled trial with the objective of investigating the effect of 1‐year supplementation of vitamin‐D with milk or with pharmacological calcium on bone mass accrual in underprivileged Indian children and youth with T1DM. Methods: 5 to 23year old (n = 203) underprivileged children and youth with T1DM were allocated to one of three groups: Milk (group A‐received 200 ml milk + 1000 international unit (IU) vitamin‐D3/day), Calcium supplement (group B‐received 500 mg of calcium carbonate + 1000 IU of vitamin‐D3/day) or standard of care/control (group C). Anthropometry, clinical details, biochemistry, diet (3‐day 24‐h recall), physical activity (questionnaires adapted for Indian children) and bone health parameters (using dual‐energy X‐ray absorptiometry and peripheral quantitative computed tomography‐ DXA and pQCT respectively) were evaluated at enrolment and end of 12 month intervention. Results: Total body less head(TBLH) bone mineral content (BMC(g)) and bone mineral density (BMD(gm/cm2)) were significantly higher at end of study in girls in both supplemented groups (TBLHBMC‐A‐1011.8 ± 307.8, B‐983.2 ± 352.9, C‐792.8 ± 346.8. TBLHBMD‐A‐± 0.2, B‐0.8 ± 0.2, C‐0.6 ± 0.2, p < 0.05). Z score of lumbar spine bone mineral apparent density of supplemented participants of both sexes was significantly higher than controls (Boys‐ A‐0.7 ± 1.1, B‐0.6 ± 1.4, C‐ −0.7 ± 1.1$$$ Girls‐ A‐1.1 ± 1.1, B‐0.9 ± 3.4, C‐ −1.7 ± 1.3, p < 0.05). A significantly higher percentage increase was found in cortical thickness in girls in both supplemented groups (A‐17.9 ± 28.6, B‐15.3 ± 16.5, C‐7.6 ± 26.2)$$$ the differences remained after adjusting for confounders. Conclusion: Supplementation with milk or pharmacological calcium (+vitaminD3) improved bone outcomes–particularly geometry in children with T1DM with more pronounced effect in girls. Pharmacological calcium may be more cost effective in optimising bone health in T1DM in resource limited settings.
Comparing the effects of cow's milk, and calcium supplementation on components of the metabolic syndrome in overweight or obese women$$$ Introduction: It is suggested that high calcium diets can improve lipid profiles, blood pressure and insulin resistance. This study investigated the effects of low fat dairy or calcium supplement consumption on the components of metabolic syndrome. Materials and Methods: In this clinical trial, 75 healthy overweight or obese premenopausal women were randomly allocated to one of the following dietary regimen for 8 weeks: 1) a control diet$$$ 2) a calcium‐ supplemented diet containing800mg/d calcium carbonate and 3) a high milk diet containing three servings of low fat milk. All regimens provided a 500kcal/day deficit. At baseline and after 8 weeks, waist circumference (WC) blood pressure, serum triglycerides (TG), fasting blood glucose (FBS) and high density lipoprotein (HDL) were measured. Results: After 8 weeks WC, FBS and HDL decreased in all groups (p<0.001), but there were no significant reduction in TG and blood pressure. Reduction of WC in the milk group was significantly higher than the controls (p=0.028). Also reduction of HDL in Ca and milk groups was less than the controls (p=0.023 and p=0.019 respectively). Conclusion: In conclusion we found that calcium or milk consumption affected WC and HDL, but not the other components of metabolic syndrome. Increasing Ca intake hence can reduce some metabolic syndrome complications.
Effects of rice bran oil on the blood lipids profiles and insulin resistance in type 2 diabetes patients$$$ The aim of this study was to investigate the influence of rice bran consumption on plasma lipids and insulin resistance in patients with type 2 diabetes. Thirty‐five patients with type 2 diabetes were randomly assigned to a placebo group or a rice bran oil group. The placebo group consumed 250 mL soybean oil‐modified milk (18 g soybean oil) daily for 5 weeks, and the rice bran oil group consumed 250 mL rice bran oil modified milk (18 g rice bran oil) daily for 5 weeks. At week 0 and week 5, anthropometric measurements, hematology tests, and an oral‐glucose‐tolerance test were conducted. The results showed that the homeostasis model assessment index of insulin resistance, the area under the curve for postprandial serum insulin, and serum low‐density‐ lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations increased significantly in the placebo group. In the rice bran oil group, fasting and 2‐h post‐prandial blood glucose concentrations and the area under the curve for postprandial plasma glucose increased significantly$$$ however, total serum cholesterol and low‐density‐lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations decreased significantly. However, the homeostasis model assessment index of insulin resistance was not significantly different. Consumption of 18 g rice bran oil modified milk daily for 5 weeks significantly decreased total serum cholesterol concen‐trations and tended to decrease low‐density‐lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations in patients with type 2 diabetes. However, no significant influence on insulin resistance was observed. ©2012 JCBN.
Dairy product intake modifies gut microbiota composition among hyperinsulinemic individuals$$$ PURPOSES: The objectives of this study were to investigate differences in gut microbiota (GM) composition after high dairy intake (HD) compared to adequate dairy intake (AD) and to correlate GM composition variations with the change in glycemic parameters in hyperinsulinemic subjects. METHODS: In this crossover study, 10 hyperinsulinemic adults were randomized to HD (≥ 4 servings/day) or AD (≤ 2 servings/day) for 6 weeks, separated by a 6‐week washout period. Fasting insulin and glucose levels were measured after each intervention. Insulin resistance was calculated with the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA‐IR). GM was determined with 16S rRNA‐based high‐throughput sequencing at the end of each intervention. Paired t test, correlations and machine learning analyses were performed. RESULTS: Endpoint glycemic parameters were not different between HD and AD intake. After HD compared with AD intake, there was a decrease in the abundance of bacteria in Roseburia and Verrucomicrobia (p = 0.04 and p = 0.02, respectively) and a trend for an increase abundance in Faecalibacteria and Flavonifractor (p = 0.05 and p = 0.06, respectively). The changes in abundance of Coriobacteriia, Erysipelotrichia, and Flavonifractor were negatively correlated with the change in HOMA‐IR between the AD and HD phases. Furthermore, a predictive GM signature, including Anaerotruncus, Flavonifractor, Ruminococcaceae, and Subdoligranulum, was related to HOMA‐IR. CONCLUSION: Overall, these results suggest that HD modifies the abundance of specific butyrate‐producing bacteria in Firmicutes and of bacteria in Verrucomicrobia in hyperinsulinemic individuals. In addition, the butyrate producing bacteria in Firmicutes phylum correlate negatively with insulin resistance.
Ayurvedic Treatment for Oral Submucous Fibrosis$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: 1. Yashtimadhu 2. Haldi 3. Ghee: The medicine used in the study shall comply the pharmacopoeial and quality standards. Medicinal Mouth wash/Rinse (Gandusha):It will consist of combination of Yashtimadhu and Haldi in the ratio of 1:1/2 with Ghee. Standard treatment protocol along with Ayurvedic formulation made up of combination of Yashtimadhu and Haldi in the ratio of 1:1/2 with Ghee (Gandusha). Control Intervention1: Intralesional methyl prednisolone: Standard treatment protocol including Intra‐lesional methyl prednisolone 20 mg/0.5 ml will be injected at every 21 days, at a single site on the buccal mucosa administered (for two times). CONDITION: Health Condition 1: D10‐ Benign neoplasm of mouth and pharynx PRIMARY OUTCOME: Pretreatment and post treatment inter‐incisal distance (in millimeters) to assess mouth opening.Timepoint: Time frame: from base line to end of 14th days, 28th days, 42nd days, 56th days, and first follow up after 2 week and second after one month after withdrawal of the drug SECONDARY OUTCOME: Changes in scores of subjective Symptoms e.g. mouth opening, consistency of the mucosa on palpation, Burning sensation, colour.Timepoint: Time frame: from base line to end of 14th days, 28th days, 42nd days, 56th days, and first follow up after 2 week and second after one month after withdrawal of the drug. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Volunteers with diagnosed cases of oral sub mucous fibrosis clinically. 2. Systemically healthy volunteers will be included. 3. Patients willing to give written informed consent to participate in the study for 3 months excluding 2 weeks without drug for follow‐up.
Comparison of topical capsaicin and topical turpentine Oil for treatment of painful diabetic neuropathy$$$ BACKGROUND: Diabetes Mellitus is a pandemic of the modern era owing to our rapidly deteriorating lifestyle. Painful diabetic neuropathy is one of the costliest and disabling complications of diabetes mellitus. No single treatment exists to prevent or reverse neuropathic changes or to provide total pain relief. Topical Capsaicin and Turpentine Oil are found to be effective in treatment of painful diabetic neuropathy. METHODS: Patients of either gender with ages between 18 and 70 years having painful diabetic neuropathy already taking one oral drug for painful neuropathy and treatment for diabetes mellitus and an HbA1C less than 8.5% were included while Pregnant or lactating mothers, patients with chronic liver disease and patients with renal insufficiency (creatinine >3.0 mg/dl) and peripheral arterial disease were excluded from study. Patients were randomly divided into two groups (A & B) using computer generated random number table. Group A was given topical application of capsaicin while Group B was given topical application of commercially available turpentine oil over painful site on feet. RESULTS: 300 patients were equally divided in two groups. The patients in group A had a Visual Analog Pain Score of 7.91±5.10 at baseline and 5.10±1.343 after 3 months of treatment (p‐value 0.0001). The patients in group B had a Visual Analog Pain Score of 7.83±1.012 at baseline and 5.20±1.187 after 3 months of treatment (p‐value 0.0001). Chi Square test was applied to compare efficacy of both groups. It was noted that 71 (53%) had efficacy in group A and 63 (47%) had efficacy in the group B but the difference was not statistically significant. (p‐value=0.399). CONCLUSIONS: It has been concluded that turpentine oil is effective in managing diabetic neuropathic pain similar to capsaicin cream.
The effects of dietary approaches to stop hypertension diet on weight loss, anti-Mullerian hormone and metabolic profiles in women with polycystic ovary syndrome: a randomized clinical trial$$$ Objective: This study was designed to evaluate the effects of the dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH diet) on weight loss, anti‐Müllerian hormone (AMH) and metabolic profiles in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Design, Patients and Measurements:: A randomized controlled clinical trial was conducted among 60 overweight or obese patients with PCOS. Patients were randomly assigned to receive either low‐calorie DASH (N=30) or control diet (N=30) for 12 weeks. The DASH and control diets were consisted of 52%‐55% carbohydrates, 16%‐18% proteins and 30% total fats$$$ however, the DASH diet was designed to be rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, low‐fat dairy products, cholesterol and refined grains. Both diets were equicaloric. Results: Adherence to the DASH diet, compared to the control diet, resulted in a significant decrease in BMI (−1.6±0.5 vs −1.2±0.7 kg/m2, P=.02). Significant decreases in AMH (−1.1±3.1 vs +0.3±0.7 ng/mL, P=.01), insulin (−25.2±51.0 vs −1.2±28.8 pmol/L, P=.02), homoeostasis model of assessment‐estimated insulin resistance (−0.9±2.0 vs −0.1±1.0, P=.02), free androgen index (FAI$$$ −0.03±0.09 vs +0.06±0.21, P=.02) and malondialdehyde (MDA) levels (−0.5±0.4 vs +0.2±0.3 μmol/L, P<.001), and significant increases in quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (+0.01±0.03 vs −0.004±0.01, P=.02), sex hormone‐binding globulin (SHBG$$$ +3.7±8.5 vs −1.5±7.2 nmol/L, P=.01) and nitric oxide (NO$$$ +9.0±4.9 vs +0.6±2.3 μmol/L, P<.001) were also seen in the DASH group compared with the control group. Conclusions: Adherence to the DASH diet for 12 weeks among PCOS women had beneficial effects on BMI, AMH, insulin metabolism, SHBG, FAI, NO and MDA levels.
Novel colonoscopy preparation of organic coconut water with miralax and dulcolax in split doses for decompensated cirrhotics. A randomized double blinded open labelled clinical pilot single centered observational study. COSMIC Study$$$ Background: Screening colonoscopy is routine for patients been evaluated for OLT. Cirrhotics have small bowel and colonic dysmotility due to splenic vasodilatation and on‐going low flow ischemia with functional constipation and dyselectrolytemia. During the past 40 years, trials comparing different bowel preparations have used a variety of bowel preparation scales (BPSs) to measure colon cleanliness for colonoscopy. Green coconut water had been a main source for rehydration and sterile source of water replacement in the tropics for centuries. Methods: Sixty (n=60) patients aged 45‐69 (MELD 16‐20, with moderate ascites and MHE on Diuretics, Lactulose and Xifaxan) were recruited. Single center, one gastroenterologist, anesthesiologist, nurse and medical assistant. All were placed on total liquids of 1200 cc along with a semi solid diet: 2 grams sodium, 120 grams protein, 2300 cal/day, ice cream, 1 liter of natural coconut water with 8 oz of Miralax from 4:00 pm till 10:00 pm and 4 tablets of Dulcolax 5 mg each (at bed time). Total mean nocturnal bowel movements were 3‐5 in am from 7:00 am till 10:00 am with Miralax 8 oz and 1 liter of coconut water. All diuretics were stopped 2 days prior to the initiation of the spilt doses of prep. (Table presented) Conclusions: This study postulates a novel organic coconut water preparation with Miralax compared to traditional preparation to be safe (lesser dyselectrolytemia), well tolerated with wide satisfactory score and greater retention. It has greater efficacy with no side events in special population (decompensated cirrhotics awaiting OLT).
Effect of acute and short-term dietary fat ingestion on postprandial skeletal muscle protein synthesis rates in middle-aged, overweight, and obese men$$$ Muscle anabolic resistance to dietary protein is associated with obesity and insulin resistance. However, the contribution of excess consumption of fat to anabolic resistance is not well studied. The aim of these studies was to test the hypothesis that acute and short‐term dietary fat overload will impair the skeletal muscle protein synthetic response to dietary protein ingestion. Eight overweight/obese men [46.4 ± 1.4 yr, body mass index (BMI) 32.3 ± 5.4 kg/m2] participated in the acute feeding study, which consisted of two randomized crossover trials. On each occasion, subjects ingested an oral meal (with and without fat emulsion), 4 h before the coingestion of milk protein, intrinsically labeled with [1‐13C]phenylalanine, and dextrose. Nine overweight/obese men (44.0 ± 1.7 yr, BMI 30.1 ± 1.1 kg/m2) participated in the chronic study, which consisted of a baseline, 1‐wk isocaloric diet, followed by a 2‐wk high‐fat diet (+25% energy excess). Acutely, incorporation of dietary amino acids into the skeletal muscle was twofold higher (P < 0.05) in the lipid trial compared with control. There was no effect of prior lipid ingestion on indices of insulin sensitivity (muscle glucose uptake, pyruvate dehydrogenase complex activity, and Akt phosphorylation) in response to the protein/dextrose drink. Fat overfeeding had no effect on muscle protein synthesis or glucose disposal in response to whey protein ingestion, despite increased muscle diacylglycerol C16:0 (P = 0.06) and ceramide C16:0 (P < 0.01) levels. Neither acute nor short‐term dietary fat overload has a detrimental effect on the skeletal muscle protein synthetic response to dietary protein ingestion in overweight/obese men, suggesting that dietary‐induced accumulation of intramuscular lipids per se is not associated with anabolic resistance.
Effects of Fermented Milk Containing Lacticaseibacillus paracasei Strain Shirota on Constipation in Patients with Depression: a Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial$$$ Probiotics have been shown to benefit patients with constipation and depression, but whether they specifically alleviate constipation in patients with depression remains unclear. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of Lacticaseibacillus paracasei strain Shirota (LcS), formerly Lactobacillus casei strain Shirota, on constipation in patients with depression with specific etiology and gut microbiota and on depressive regimens. Eighty‐two patients with constipation were recruited. The subjects consumed 100 mL of a LcS beverage (108 CFU/mL) or placebo every day for 9 weeks. After ingesting beverages for this period, we observed no significant differences in the total patient constipation‐symptom (PAC‐SYM) scores in the LcS group when compared with the placebo group. However, symptoms/scores in item 7 (rectal tearing or bleeding after a bowel movement) and items 8–12 (stool symptom subscale) were more alleviated in the LcS group than in the placebo group. The Beck Depression Index (BDI) and Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD) scores were all significantly decreased, and the degree of depression was significantly improved in both the placebo and LcS groups (p < 0.05), but there was no significant difference between the groups. The LcS intervention increased the beneficial Adlercreutzia, Megasphaera and Veillonella levels and decreased the bacterial levels related to mental illness, such as Rikenellaceae_RC9_gut_group, Sutterella and Oscillibacter. Additionally, the interleukin (IL)‐1β, IL‐6, and tumor necrosis factor‐α (TNF‐α) levels were significantly decreased in both the placebo and LcS groups (p < 0.05). In particular, the IL‐6 levels were significantly lower in the LcS group than the placebo group after the ingestion period (p < 0.05). In conclusion, the daily consumption of LcS for 9 weeks appeared to relieve constipation and improve the potentially depressive symptoms in patients with depression and significantly decrease the IL‐6 levels. In addition, the LcS supplementation also appeared to regulate the intestinal microbiota related to mental illness.
Effects of DASH diet on lipid profiles and biomarkers of oxidative stress in overweight and obese women with polycystic ovary syndrome: a randomized clinical trial$$$ OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to assess the effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet on lipid profiles and biomarkers of oxidative stress in overweight and obese women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). METHODS: This randomized controlled clinical trial was conducted with 48 women diagnosed with PCOS. The women were randomly assigned to consume either the control (n = 24) or DASH diet (n = 24) for 8 wk. Both diets were designed to be calorie‐restricted. Both diets consisted of 52% carbohydrates, 18% proteins, and 30% total fats. The DASH diet was designed to be rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and low‐fat dairy products and to be low in saturated fats, cholesterol, and refined grains. Fasting blood samples were taken at baseline and after 8‐wk intervention to measure lipid profiles and biomarkers of oxidative stress including plasma total antioxidant capacity (TAC) and total glutathione (GSH). RESULTS: Adherence to the DASH diet, compared with the control diet, resulted in a significant decrease in weight (‐4.4 versus ‐1.5 kg$$$ P < 0.001) and body mass index (‐1.7 versus ‐0.6 kg/m(2)$$$ P < 0.001), decreased serum triglycerides (‐10.0 versus +19.2 mg/dL$$$ P interaction = 0.005) and very‐low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol levels (‐2.0 versus +3.9 mg/dL$$$ P interaction = 0.005). Increased concentrations of TAC (+98.6 versus ‐174.8 mmol/L$$$ P interaction <0.001) and GSH (+66.4 versus ‐155.6 μmol/L$$$ P interaction = 0.005) also were found in the DASH group compared with the control group. CONCLUSION: Consumption of DASH diet for 8 wk led to a significant reduction in serum insulin, triglycerides and very‐low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol and a significant increase in TAC and GSH levels.
Partly replacing meat protein with soy protein alters insulin resistance and blood lipids in postmenopausal women with abdominal obesity$$$ Increasing protein intake and soy consumption appear to be promising approaches to prevent metabolic syndrome (MetS). However, the effect of soy consumption on insulin resistance, glucose homeostasis, and other characteristics of MetS is not frequently studied in humans. We aimed to investigate the effects of a 4‐wk, strictly controlled, weight‐maintaining, moderately high‐protein diet rich in soy on insulin sensitivity and other cardiometabolic risk factors. We performed a randomized crossover trial of 2 4‐wk diet periods in 15 postmenopausal women with abdominal obesity to test diets with 22 energy percent (En%) protein, 27 En% fat, and 50 En% carbohydrate. One diet contained protein of mixed origin (mainly meat, dairy, and bread), and the other diet partly replaced meat with soy meat analogues and soy nuts containing 30 g/d soy protein. For our primary outcome, a frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test (FSIGT) was performed at the end of both periods. Plasma total, LDL, and HDL cholesterol, triglycerides, glucose, insulin, and C‐reactive protein were assessed, and blood pressure, arterial stiffness, and intrahepatic lipid content were measured at the start and end of both periods. Compared with the mixed‐protein diet, the soy‐protein diet resulted in greater insulin sensitivity [FSIGT: insulin sensitivity, 34 ± 29 vs. 22 ± 17 (mU/L)(‐1) · min(‐1), P = 0.048$$$ disposition index, 4974 ± 2543 vs. 2899 ± 1878, P = 0.038$$$ n = 11]. Total cholesterol was 4% lower after the soy‐protein diet than after the mixed‐protein diet (4.9 ± 0.7 vs. 5.1 ± 0.6 mmol/L, P = 0.001), and LDL cholesterol was 9% lower (2.9 ± 0.7 vs. 3.2 ± 0.6 mmol/L, P = 0.004$$$ n = 15). Thus, partly replacing meat with soy in a moderately high‐protein diet has clear advantages regarding insulin sensitivity and total and LDL cholesterol. Therefore, partly replacing meat products with soy products could be important in preventing MetS. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01694056.
Effects of Icelandic yogurt consumption and resistance training in healthy untrained older males$$$ Due to the important roles of resistance training and protein consumption in the prevention and treatment of sarcopenia, we assessed the efficacy of post‐exercise Icelandic yogurt consumption on lean mass, strength and skeletal muscle regulatory factors in healthy untrained older males. Thirty healthy untrained older males (age = 68 ± 4 years) were randomly assigned to Icelandic yogurt (IR$$$ n 15, 18 g of protein) or an iso‐energetic placebo (PR$$$ n 15, 0 g protein) immediately following resistance training (3×/week) for 8 weeks. Before and after training, lean mass, strength and skeletal muscle regulatory factors (insulin‐like growth factor‐1 (IGF‐1), transforming growth factor‐beta 1 (TGF‐β1), growth differentiation factor 15 (GDF15), Activin A, myostatin (MST) and follistatin (FST)) were assessed. There were group × time interactions (P < 0·05) for body mass (IR: Δ 1, PR: Δ 0·7 kg), BMI (IR: Δ 0·3, PR: Δ 0·2 kg/m2), lean mass (IR: Δ 1·3, PR: Δ 0·6 kg), bench press (IR: Δ 4, PR: 2·3 kg), leg press (IR: Δ 4·2, PR: Δ 2·5 kg), IGF‐1 (IR: Δ 0·5, Δ PR: 0·1 ng/ml), TGF‐β (IR: Δ ‐ 0·2, PR: Δ ‐ 0·1 ng/ml), GDF15 (IR: Δ ‐ 10·3, PR: Δ ‐ 4·8 pg/ml), Activin A (IR: Δ ‐ 9·8, PR: Δ ‐ 2·9 pg/ml), MST (IR: Δ ‐ 0·1, PR: Δ ‐ 0·04 ng/ml) and FST (IR: Δ 0·09, PR: Δ 0·03 ng/ml), with Icelandic yogurt consumption resulting in greater changes compared with placebo. The addition of Icelandic yogurt consumption to a resistance training programme improved lean mass, strength and altered skeletal muscle regulatory factors in healthy untrained older males compared with placebo. Therefore, Icelandic yogurt as a nutrient‐dense source and cost‐effective supplement enhances muscular gains mediated by resistance training and consequently may be used as a strategy for the prevention of sarcopenia.
Effects of mediterranean diet and resistance training on mild cognitive impairment in patients with type 2 diabetes$$$ Objective: Mild cognitive impairment (MCI) is a series of symptoms of mild impairment of some cerebral cortex or overall cognitive function, which is the pre‐dementia state. Mediterranean Diet (MD), where olive oil is the main dietary fat, consumes a lot of whole grains, vegetables, fruits, beans, moderate intake of seafood, fish, poultry, nuts, and supplemented by milk and a small amount of red meat. Resistance Training (RT) refers to the physical movement of the body to overcome external resistance to complete certain dynamic or static movements, promote muscle contraction and strength, and achieve muscle growth. Studies have shown that RT and MD can improve patients' cognition and reduce the incidence of diabetes complications. Our purpose of the study was to investigate the effect of RT and MD on patients with mild cognitive impairment and type 2 diabetes. Methods: Eighty patients with mild cognitive impairment and type 2 diabetes were randomly divided into control group and intervention group. The control group was treated with geriatric care, given a normal sugar‐free diet and other exercises. The intervention group used a Mediterranean diet and resistance training. The specific method is as follows: Make a diet plan, including food analysis, meal mix, and calorie requirements. The daily food source of the patient is the type in the MD, and the combinations and thicknesses could be varied. Food processing is as simple as possible, but keeps fresh seasonal ingredients. Alcohol intake is prohibited during medication to avoid mutual influence. Anti‐resistance training with increasing resistance, force and behavior principle were set up. Before each training, 5‐10 minute warm up was required and finger pulse oxygen clamp to monitor patients' heart rate and oxygen saturation was recorded. Then the training in large muscles and multiple joints, including dumbbell lifting, squat standing up, weight lifting and other exercises, was under the guidance. Each group of training was 15 min, and the between group rests was set to 5 min. Usually, a total of 3 groups per day were required, and the exercise was performed five times a week. The cognitive function MMSE score, postprandial 2‐hour blood glucose and self‐care ability scores in both control and the intervention groups were compared after 20 days. Results: The mean age in both the intervention and control groups was 65.2 and 63.8 years. There was no significant difference between the control group and the intervention group. Differences in cognitive function scores between the control group and the intervention group (21.5, 22.1$$$ P=.18), postprandial two‐hour blood glucose (12.8, 13.3$$$ P=.12), and self‐care ability scores (82.4, 81.9$$$ P=.17) before intervention. There was no statistical significance (P>.05). After intervention, the cognitive function scores of the control group and the intervention group (23.7, 26.2$$$ P=.026), 2 hours postprandial blood glucose (10.7, 9.6$$$ P=.037) and self‐care ability score (86.2, 89.5$$$ P=.015) and There were significant differences in cognitive function (P=.018), postprandial two‐hour blood glucose (P=.012) and self‐care ability (P=.010) before and after intervention (P<.05). Conclusions: Resistance training and the Mediterranean diet have a certain improvement in cognitive function and blood glucose in patients with mild cognitive impairment and type 2 diabetes. An optimistic attitude towards life, healthy and effective exercise and diet help to control the progression of the disease and steadily improve metabolic syndrome and neurodegenerative diseases. The habit of developing a Mediterranean diet and resistance exercise makes life easier for patients, reduces the pain of chronic diseases, and will play an active role in the long‐term life of patients.
Effects of 12 weeks' treatment with a proton pump inhibitor on insulin secretion, glucose metabolism and markers of cardiovascular risk in patients with type 2 diabetes: a randomised double-blind prospective placebo-controlled study$$$ AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Recent studies suggest that proton pump inhibitor treatment may increase insulin secretion and improve glucose metabolism in type 2 diabetes. In a randomised double‐blind prospective placebo‐controlled 2 × 2 factorial study, we examined the effect of esomeprazole on insulin secretion, HbA(1c) and cardiovascular risk factors in type 2 diabetes. METHODS: Forty‐one patients with type 2 diabetes using dietary control or oral glucose‐lowering treatment were randomised to receive add‐on esomeprazole 40 mg (n = 20) or placebo (n = 21) for 12 weeks. Randomisation was carried out prior to inclusion on the basis of a computer‐generated random‐number list. The allocation sequence was concealed in sealed envelopes from the researcher enrolling and assessing participants. The study was undertaken at Steno Diabetes Center, Gentofte, Denmark. The primary outcome was change in AUC for insulin levels during a meal test. Secondary outcomes were the levels of HbA(1c) and biochemical markers of cardiovascular risk, including lipids, coagulation factors, inflammation markers, markers of endothelial function and 24 h ambulatory BP measurements. RESULTS: Forty‐one participants were analysed. In the esomeprazole‐treated group the AUC for insulin did not change (before vs after treatment: 28,049 ± 17,659 vs 27,270 ± 32,004 pmol/l × min (p = 0.838). In the placebo group AUC for insulin decreased from 27,392 ± 14,348 pmol/l × min to 22,938 ± 11,936 pmol/l × min (p = 0.002). Esomeprazole treatment (n = 20) caused a ninefold increase in the AUC for gastrin. HbA(1c) increased from 7.0 ± 0.6% (53 ± 5 mmol/mol) to 7.3 ± 0.8% (56 ± 6 mmol/mol) in the esomeprazole‐treated group and from 7.0 ± 0.6% (53 ± 5 mmol/mol) to 7.4 ± 0.8% (57 ± 6 mmol/mol) in the placebo group (n = 21) (p for difference in change >0.05). Except for BP, there were no differences between the groups in the markers of cardiovascular risk (p > 0.05). Monitoring of 24 h ambulatory BP showed a significant decrease in daytime systolic BP, daytime diastolic BP and 24 h diastolic BP in the placebo group (p < 0.05). No change in BP was seen in the patients treated with esomeprazole. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Treatment with esomeprazole over 12 weeks did not improve insulin secretion, glycaemic control or cardiovascular disease biomarkers in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Cholesterol lowering effect of a soy drink enriched with plant sterols in a French population with moderate hypercholesterolemia$$$ BACKGROUND: Plant sterols are an established non‐pharmacological means to reduce total and LDL blood cholesterol concentrations and are therefore recommended for cholesterol management by worldwide‐renown health care institutions. Their efficacy has been proven in many types of foods with the majority of trials conducted in spreads or dairy products. As an alternative to dairy products, soy based foods are common throughout the world. Yet, there is little evidence supporting the efficacy of plant sterols in soy‐based foods. The objective of this study was to investigate the effect of a soy drink enriched with plant sterols on blood lipid profiles in moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects. METHODS: In a randomized, placebo‐controlled double‐blind mono‐centric study, 50 subjects were assigned to 200 ml of soy drink either enriched with 2.6 g plant sterol esters (1.6 g/d free plant sterol equivalents) or without plant sterols (control) for 8 weeks. Subjects were instructed to maintain stable diet pattern and physical activity. Plasma concentrations of lipids were measured at initial visit, after 4 weeks and after 8 weeks. The primary measurement was the change in LDL cholesterol (LDL‐C). Secondary measurements were changes in total cholesterol (TC), non‐HDL cholesterol (non‐HDL‐C), HDL cholesterol (HDL‐C) and triglycerides. RESULTS: Regular consumption of the soy drink enriched with plant sterols for 8 weeks significantly reduced LDL‐ C by 0.29 mmol/l or 7% compared to baseline (p < 0.05). TC and non‐HDL‐C concentrations decreased by 0.26 mmol/l and 0.31 mmol/l (each p < 0.05), respectively. Mean reductions in total, LDL and non‐HDL cholesterol were significantly greater than in the placebo group (p < 0.05). HDL‐C and triglycerides were not affected. Compliance was very high (>96%), and products were well tolerated. CONCLUSION: Daily consumption of a plant sterol‐enriched soy drink significantly decreased total, non‐HDL and LDL cholesterol and is therefore an interesting and convenient aid in managing mild to moderate hypercholesterolemia.
An infant formula with large, milk phospholipid-coated lipid droplets containing a mixture of dairy and vegetable lipids supports adequate growth and is well tolerated in healthy, term infants$$$ BACKGROUND: Lipid droplets in human milk have a mode diameter of ∼4 μm and are surrounded by a native phospholipid‐rich membrane. Current infant milk formulas (IMFs) contain small lipid droplets (mode diameter ∼0.5 μm) primarily coated by proteins. A concept IMF was developed mimicking more closely the structure and composition of human milk lipid droplets. OBJECTIVES: This randomized, controlled, double‐blind equivalence trial evaluates the safety and tolerance of a concept IMF with large, milk phospholipid‐coated lipid droplets (mode diameter 3‐5 μm) containing vegetable and dairy lipids in healthy, term infants. METHODS: Fully formula‐fed infants were enrolled up to 35 d of age and randomly assigned to 1 of 2 formulas until 17 wk of age: 1) Control IMF with small lipid droplets containing vegetable oils (n = 108)$$$ or 2) Concept IMF with large, milk phospholipid‐coated lipid droplets comprised of 48% dairy lipids (n = 115). A group of 88 breastfed infants served as reference. Primary outcome was daily weight gain during intervention. Additionally, number and type of adverse events, growth, and tolerance parameters were monitored. RESULTS: Equivalence of daily weight gain was demonstrated (Concept compared with Control IMF: ‐1.37 g/d$$$ 90% CI: ‐2.71, ‐0.02$$$ equivalence margin ± 3 g/d). No relevant group differences were observed in growth, tolerance and number, severity, or relatedness of adverse events. We did observe a higher prevalence of watery stools in the Concept than in the Control IMF group between 5 and 12 wk of age (P < 0.001), closer to the stool characteristics observed in the breastfed group. CONCLUSIONS: An infant formula with large, milk phospholipid‐coated lipid droplets containing dairy lipids is safe, well tolerated, and supports an adequate growth in healthy infants. This trial was registered in the Dutch Trial Register (www.trialregister.nl) as NTR3683.
Frozen desserts and glycemic response in well-controlled NIDDM patients$$$ Fructose is known to elicit a lower glycemic response than sucrose, and high‐fructose desserts have been recommended for a diabetic diet. We compared a cholesterol‐free tofu‐based frozen dessert (TFD) containing high‐fructose corn syrups with a dairy‐based sucrose‐sweetened ice cream (IC). Six male and six female non‐insulin‐dependent diabetic patients (mean age 51 yr, mean ideal body weight 143%, fasting blood glucose less than 160 mg/dl) with well‐controlled diabetes and managed on oral hypoglycemic agents were studied. Subjects underwent three trials. In the first trial they ingested 50 g glucose, and in the next two trials they ingested 50‐g carbohydrate equivalents of either TFD or IC in random sequence. Venous blood was drawn at intervals during the 3‐h trials for glucose and insulin determinations. Fasting plasma glucose was not statistically different between IC and TFD trials (130 vs. 121 mg/dl). Peak glucose responses were at 120 min in both trials (190 mg/dl for IC and 222 mg/dl for TFD), with those for TFD being significantly higher (P less than 0.01). Mean glucose area and glycemic index for TFD were significantly greater than for IC (P less than 0.01 and P less than 0.03, respectively). There was no significant difference between mean insulin areas. In summary, the TFD, which contains soybean curd and high‐fructose corn syrup, might have been expected to produce more satisfactory postprandial blood glucose levels than IC, which contains sucrose, yet a higher glycemic response was elicited. This is related to the substantial amount of total glucose in this "fructose" dessert.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
The glycemic, insulinemic and plasma amino acid responses to equi-carbohydrate milk meals, a pilot- study of bovine and human milk$$$ BACKGROUND: Dairy proteins, in particular the whey fraction, exert insulinogenic properties and facilitate glycemic regulation through a mechanism involving elevation of certain plasma amino acids, and stimulation of incretins. Human milk is rich in whey protein and has not been investigated in this respect. METHOD: Nine healthy volunteers were served test meals consisting of human milk, bovine milk, reconstituted bovine whey‐ or casein protein in random order. All test meals contributed with 25 g intrinsic or added lactose, and a white wheat bread (WWB) meal was used as reference, providing 25 g starch. Post‐prandial levels in plasma of glucose, insulin, incretins and amino acids were investigated at time intervals for up to 2 h. RESULTS: All test meals elicited lower postprandial blood glucose responses, expressed as iAUC 0‐120 min compared with the WWB (P < 0.05). The insulin response was increased following all test meals, although only significantly higher after whey. Plasma amino acids were correlated to insulin and incretin secretion (iAUC 0‐60 min) (P ≤ 0.05). The lowered glycemia with the test meals (iAUC 0‐90 min) was inversely correlated to GLP‐1 (iAUC 0‐30 min) (P ≤ 0.05). CONCLUSION: This study shows that the glycemic response was significantly lower following all milk/milk protein based test meals, in comparison with WWB. The effect appears to originate from the protein fraction and early phase plasma amino acids and incretins were involved in the insulin secretion. Despite its lower protein content, the human milk was a potent GLP‐1 secretagogue and showed insulinogenic properties similar to that seen with reconstituted bovine whey‐protein, possibly due to the comparatively high proportion of whey in human milk.
Similar effects of leucine rich and regular dairy products on muscle mass and functions of older polymyalgia rheumatica patients: a randomized crossover trial$$$ OBJECTIVES: Leucine‐rich milk and whey proteins have been suggested for prevention of age related loss of muscle mass and strength i.e. sarcopenia. The effects of milk protein supplementation and low intensity home based physical exercise on body composition and muscle functions were investigated. DESIGN: A randomized double blind crossover trial. SETTING: Community dwelling members of Helsinki rheumatoid association. PARTICIPANTS: Older people (N=47, mean age 69.5 years) suffering from polymyalgia rheumatica. INTERVENTION: Patients performed as many stand ups as possible twice a day after which they ingested a regular (Control) or a whey protein enriched dairy product with high leucine content (Test). The 8‐week intervention periods were separated by a 4‐week wash‐out. MEASUREMENTS: Body composition was measured by dual x‐ray absorptiometry and muscle functions by hand grip strength, force platform countermovement jump performance, chair stand test, and walking speed. RESULTS: The 16‐week home‐based post‐exercise supplementation resulted in a 1.8% increase (p = 0.052) in lower limb muscle mass. Walking speed (+5.3%, p = 0.007) and chair stand test performance (‐12.2 %, p < 0.001) were also improved. Furthermore, a tendency for increased jump power (+3.0%, p = 0.084) was observed. However, significant and consistent differences were not found in the changes of muscle mass indices or muscle functions between supplements, but the test supplement tended to prevent accumulation of body fat. CONCLUSION: A low intensity home based exercise program combined with post‐exercise milk protein supplementation is feasible despite some gastrointestinal complaints and seems effective in improving the muscle mass and functions of older persons with a inflammatory disease. Further studies are needed to establish, whether and to what extent the use of leucine‐enriched whey products prevent or treat age‐associated sarcopenia and whether they are superior to the present commercial milk products.
Similar effects of leucine rich and regular dairy products on muscle mass and functions of older polymyalgia rheumatica patients: a randomized crossover trial$$$ OBJECTIVES: Leucine‐rich milk and whey proteins have been suggested for prevention of age related loss of muscle mass and strength i.e. sarcopenia. The effects of milk protein supplementation and low intensity home based physical exercise on body composition and muscle functions were investigated. DESIGN: A randomized double blind crossover trial. SETTING: Community dwelling members of Helsinki rheumatoid association. PARTICIPANTS: Older people (N=47, mean age 69.5 years) suffering from polymyalgia rheumatica. INTERVENTION: Patients performed as many stand ups as possible twice a day after which they ingested a regular (Control) or a whey protein enriched dairy product with high leucine content (Test). The 8‐week intervention periods were separated by a 4‐week wash‐out. MEASUREMENTS: Body composition was measured by dual x‐ray absorptiometry and muscle functions by hand grip strength, force platform countermovement jump performance, chair stand test, and walking speed. RESULTS: The 16‐week home‐based post‐exercise supplementation resulted in a 1.8% increase (p = 0.052) in lower limb muscle mass. Walking speed (+5.3%, p = 0.007) and chair stand test performance (‐12.2 %, p < 0.001) were also improved. Furthermore, a tendency for increased jump power (+3.0%, p = 0.084) was observed. However, significant and consistent differences were not found in the changes of muscle mass indices or muscle functions between supplements, but the test supplement tended to prevent accumulation of body fat. CONCLUSION: A low intensity home based exercise program combined with post‐exercise milk protein supplementation is feasible despite some gastrointestinal complaints and seems effective in improving the muscle mass and functions of older persons with a inflammatory disease. Further studies are needed to establish, whether and to what extent the use of leucine‐enriched whey products prevent or treat age‐associated sarcopenia and whether they are superior to the present commercial milk products.
Ruxolitinib, a selective JAK1 and JAK2 inhibitor for the treatment of myeloproliferative neoplasms and psoriasis$$$ Ruxolitinib (INCB‐018424) is a potent, orally available, selective inhibitor of both JAK1 and JAK2 of the JAK‐STAT signaling pathway, being developed by Incyte Corp and Novartis AG. Ruxolitinib was initially developed to target the constitutive activation of the JAK‐STAT pathway in patients with myeloproliferative neoplasms (MPNs). Meaningful reductions in spleen size and constitutional symptoms have been noted in patients with myelofibrosis (both primary and post‐essential thrombocythemia/polycythemia vera). Data from a phase I/II clinical trial led to ongoing registration trials in the US and Europe. Toxicity (primarily decreased erythropoiesis and thrombocytopoiesis) has been managed by close control of dosing. The inhibition of inflammatory cytokine signaling through JAK1 inhibition has led to intriguing results in patients with rheumatoid arthritis and psoriasis (using a topical cream formulation). Ruxolitinib is a well tolerated, first‐in‐class JAK2 inhibitor with various potential clinical indications.
Effects of dietary inulin on serum lipids, blood glucose and the gastrointestinal environment in hypercholesterolemic men$$$ Inulin is a complex carbohydrate that belongs to a class of compounds known as fructans. Inulin has been consumed in plant sources by mankind for centuries, and is most concentrated in chicory, Jerusalem artichoke, garlic, leek and onion. It can be extracted from purified concentrated sources such as chicory root, and used to enhance the technological and nutritional properties of foods. Inulin is thought to share many of the properties of soluble dietary fibers, such as the ability to lower blood lipids and stabilize blood glucose. Additionally, inulin has been shown to enhance the growth of bifido bacteria and lactobacilli and enhance the gut environment. The objective of this study was to examine the effect of a commercially available inulin from chicory root (degree of polymerization (DP) ranging between 2 and 60, modal DP=9) in men with hypercholesterolemia on serum parameters and fecal composition. The study was a randomized, double blind, crossover design with no washout period. Twelve men were randomly assigned to two controlled diets that differed only in that the control diet contained one pint of vanilla ice cream made with sucrose while the inulin containing diet was supplemented with one pint of vanilla ice cream made with 20 grams of inulin. Subjects consumed each controlled diet for three weeks. Daily intake of 20 g of inulin significantly reduced serum triglycerides by 40 mg/dL (p=0.05). A trend toward a reduction in serum cholesterol was observed. Trends toward short chain fatty acid (SCFA) profile changes were observed after inulin administration. Transit time did not differ significantly between treatments. These data suggest that dietary inulin supplementation may improve blood lipid profiles and alters the colonic environment in a manner that may be beneficial because inulin is easily incorporated into an acceptable food like low‐fat vanilla ice cream, it shows promise as a functional ingredient in many processed foods. (C) 2000 Elsevier Science Inc.
Single bout of low-intensity exercise produces modestly favorable changes in glycemic and lipidemic profiles after ingestion of non-isoglucidic breakfasts$$$ OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to investigate the acute effects of low‐intensity exercise on the postprandial hormonal and metabolic milieu induced by breakfast consumption. METHODS: Exercise began 100 min after the initiation of breakfast consumption and consisted of cycling at 40% of maximum oxygen uptake for 20 min. Three different breakfasts were used to elicit the postprandial state: B1 = skimmed milk (125 mL) and 30g corn flakes$$$ B2 = skimmed milk (220 mL), 200 g apple, 30 g cocoa cream‐filled sponge cake$$$ B3 = skimmed milk (125 mL), 50 g bread, 150 g apple, and 15 g hazelnut and cocoa spread. Nineteen young healthy participants (8 M/11 F$$$ body mass index 22.7 ± 0.5 kg/m2$$$ age 31 ± 0.7 y) consumed the three breakfasts, as well as an oral glucose load (50‐g oral glucose tolerance test), under either resting or exercise conditions, in a randomized‐crossover fashion. Blood glucose, insulinemia, ghrelinemia, lipidemia, and satiety were measured throughout the studies. To evaluate the metabolic effects of exercise, the changes that glucose, insulin, ghrelin, free fatty acid exhibited in the interval 90 to 120 min were analyzed with a two‐way repeated measures analysis of variance (factor 1: type of oral test$$$ factor 2: resting/exercise condition). RESULTS: No interaction between the two factors was found for any of the examined variables. Light exercise produced a modest, significant decrease in blood glucose levels (P = 0.004) and a modest, significant increase in free fatty acid levels (P = 0.002) with respect to the resting condition. CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest that short, mild exercise has beneficial effects on postprandial metabolism and this may have direct bearing on the issue of counteracting the epidemic rising of sedentary lifestyle of the general population.
A randomized controlled lifestyle intervention in BRCA mutation carriers$$$ Background: The lifetime cumulative risk (penetrance) of breast cancer (BC) associated with BRCA mutations is of the order of 50%, and a sizeable proportion of carriers does not develop the disease. Therefore, the penetrance of the genetic trait may be regulated trough other genetic or environmental factors, including dietary, metabolic, and growth factors. We hypothesized that IGF‐I and other markers of insulin resistance (IRm) that are both risk and prognostic factors for sporadic BC might be relevant also for hereditary BC, due to a deleterious mutation of BRCA genes. Abdominal obesity, high body weight and high energy intake (usually associated with higher bio‐availability of growth factors) are associated with BC risk in BRCA mutation carriers. A multinational case‐only study on 3000 young BC women suggested that patients with BRCA mutation had higher consumption of milk. Milk directly stimulates insulin production and release, and is associated with higher levels of IGF‐I. In a case‐control analysis on 308 high genetic risk women, we showed that high serum levels of IGF‐I are associated with a significantly increased penetrance. Consistently, mechanistic studies hypothesized a functional interaction between the BRCA genes and the IGF‐I system. Materials and Methods: We have designed a study with 600 BRCA mutation carriers (with or without a previous diagnosis of BC) to test: (1) whether a lifestyle intervention significantly reduce IGF‐I and IRm (randomized trial)$$$ (2) whether carriers with a previous diagnosis of BC have higher IRm than carriers without BC (case‐control study)$$$ (3) whether IRm and their change over time affect subsequent BC incidence and prognosis (cohort follow‐up). Results: Currently, we have randomized 191 BRCA mutated women in a control group (91) or in a lifestyle intervention group (94) to reduce IGF‐I and IRm levels. All women received the WCRF Decalogue for the prevention of cancer. Intervention women were invited to participate into 6 full days of activities along the subsequent 6 months (6 kitchen courses, 6 physical activity sessions and 6 conferences). They were recommended to reduce calorie intake, protein intake down to 10‐12% of total calorie intake (mainly reducing milk and animal protein), high glycaemic index food, sources of saturated fat, and basically eat mostly food of plant origin. Control women remained with the baseline reccomendations. Preliminary results suggest that the women included in the intervention group showed a significant decrease of weight, waist circumference, total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, triglycerides, and a borderline significant reduction of IGF‐I (p = 0.05). The women included in the control group did not significantly reduce any IRm. Conclusions: These very preliminary results suggest that the lifestyle intervention successfully reduce IRm in BRCA mutation carriers.
Utilizing the second-meal effect in type 2 diabetes: practical use of a soya-yogurt snack$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effect of a prebreakfast high‐protein snack upon postbreakfast hyperglycemia. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We studied 10 men and women with diet‐ and/or metformin‐controlled type 2 diabetes. Metabolic changes after breakfast were compared between 2 days: breakfast taken only and soya‐yogurt snack taken prior to breakfast. RESULTS: There was a significant lower rise in plasma glucose on the snack day. The incremental area under the glucose curve was 450 ± 55 mmol · min/l on the snack day compared with 699 ± 99 mmol · min/l on the control day (P = 0.013). The concentration of plasma free fatty acids immediately before breakfast correlated with the increment in plasma glucose (r = 0.50, P = 0.013). CONCLUSIONS: Consuming a high‐protein prebreakfast snack results in almost 40% reduction of postprandial glucose increment. The second‐meal effect can be applied simply and practically to improve postbreakfast hyperglycemia in people with type 2 diabetes.
The effect of daily consumption of probiotic yogurt on liver enzymes, steatosis and fibrosis in patients with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD): study protocol for a randomized clinical trial$$$ Background: Given the increasing prevalence of non‐alcoholic fatty liver disease, it is necessary to find an easy and cost‐effective method in its management and treatment. Probiotics are a group of living microorganisms that might affect NAFLD through the intestinal‐liver axis. The present clinical trial aims to examine the effect of probiotic yogurt consumption on liver enzymes, steatosis and liver fibrosis in patients with NAFLD. Methods: Sixty‐eight patients with NAFLD will be recruited in this study. After block matching for sex, BMI and age, patients will be randomly assigned to receive 300 g/d probiotic yogurt containing 106 cfu/g of Lactobacillus acidophilus and Bifidobacterium lactis strains or 300 g/d plain yogurt daily for 12 weeks and those in the control group would receive similar amounts of plain yogurts. Weight, height, and waist circumference will be measured at study baseline and after the intervention. Biochemical indicators including plasma glucose, serum insulin, lipid profile, liver markers (ALT, AST and GGT) will be examined at study baseline and at the end of the trial. Insulin resistance and insulin sensitivity will be determined using the HOMA‐IR and QUICKI equation. The degree of steatosis and hepatic fibrosis will also be assessed at the beginning and end of the intervention by the same gastroenterologist using elastography with fibroscan. Discussion: Probiotics have been suggested as a new strategy in the management of NAFLD. Their effects might be mediated through intestinal microbiota modification and production of short‐chain fatty acids. Consumption of probiotic‐enriched foods, rather than their supplements, might be a cost‐effective method for long‐term use in these patients. In case of finding the beneficial effects of probiotic yogurt consumption in the current clinical trial, its inclusion in the dietary plan of NAFLD patients can be recommended. Trial registration This clinical trial was registered in Iranian Registry of Clinical Trials (www.irct.ir) at 2021‐04‐19 with code number of IRCT20210201050210N1.
Cardiovascular benefits of combined interval training and post-exercise nutrition in type 2 diabetes$$$ Aim The purpose of this study was to examine whether the combination of high‐intensity interval training (HIIT) and post‐exercise protein supplementation would improve cardiovascular outcomes in individuals with T2D. Methods In a double‐blind controlled trial, fifty‐three adults with T2D (free of CVD and not on exogenous insulin) were randomized to 12 weeks of cardio and resistance‐based HIIT (4‐10 × 1 min at 90% maximal heart rate) with post‐exercise milk, milk‐protein, or placebo supplementation, thrice weekly. Before and after, carotid and femoral artery intima media thickness (IMT) and femoral flow profiles were assessed using high‐resolution ultrasound. Central and peripheral arterial stiffness were assessed by pulse wave velocity (PWV), and resting and maximal heart rate rates were measured. Results After 12 weeks of HIIT femoral IMT (Pre: 0.84 ± 0.21 mm vs. Post: 0.81 ± 0.16 mm, p = 0.03), carotid‐femoral PWV (Pre: 10.1 ± 3.2 m/s vs. Post: 8.6 ± 1.8 m/s, p < 0.01) and resting heart rate (Pre: 70.4 ± 10.8 bpm vs. Post: 67.8 ± 8.6 bpm, p = 0.01) were all significantly lower. There were no differences between nutrition groups (all significant main effects of time) for all outcomes. Conclusion HIIT reduces femoral IMT, arterial stiffness and resting heart rate in individuals with T2D. The addition of post‐exercise milk or protein to HIIT did not have additive effects for improving cardiovascular outcomes in the present study. Taken together, HIIT alone may be an effective means to reduce the burden of cardiovascular complications in T2D.
A full-UV spectrum absorbing daily use cream protects human skin against biological changes occurring in photoaging$$$ Background: There is overwhelming evidence that exposure of human skin to ultraviolet radiations (UVR) leads to the development of cutaneous photoaging and eventually to neoplasia. This study was designed to evaluate in humans the protection afforded by a daily use cream containing a photostable combination of UVB and UVA absorbers (Uvinul® N539, Parsol® 1789 and Mexoryl® SX) providing a continuous absorption through the entire UV spectrum, against damages induced by repeated daily exposure to solar simulated radiation (SSR). Methods: Buttock skin of 12 healthy volunteers was exposed 5 days per week for 6 weeks to one minimal erythema dose of solar simulated radiation per exposure. The following parameters in treated and untreated skin were evaluated: erythema, pigmentation, skin hydration, skin microtopography, histology and immunochemistry, and collagen and metalloproteinase (MMP) mRNA levels. Results: In SSR exposed unprotected skin sites, we observed melanization and changes in the skin hydration and microtopography. The epidermis revealed a significant increase in stratum corneum and stratum granulosum thickness. In the dermis, an enhanced expression of tenascin and a reduced expression of type I pro‐collagen were evidenced just below the dermal epidermal junction. Although we were unable to visualize any change in elastic fibers in exposed buttock skin, a slightly increased deposition of lysozyme and alpha 1 antitrypsin on these fibers was observed using immunofluorescence techniques. Furthermore, types I and III collagen mRNA were slightly increased and a significant enhancement (up to 2.8‐fold) of MMP‐2 mRNA level was observed. The daily use cream was shown to prevent all these biological changes. Conclusion: Our results show in vivo that an appropriate full‐UV spectrum product significantly reduces the solar‐UV‐induced skin damage, demonstrating the benefit of daily photoprotection.
Timed-daily ingestion of whey protein and exercise training reduces visceral adipose tissue mass and improves insulin resistance: the PRISE study$$$ The present study examined the effects of timed ingestion of supplemental protein (20‐g servings of whey protein, 3×/day), added to the habitual diet of free‐living overweight/obese adults and subsequently randomized to either whey protein only (P$$$ n = 24), whey protein and resistance exercise (P + RT$$$ n = 27), or a whey protein and multimode exercise training program [protein and resistance exercise, intervals, stretching/yoga/Pilates, endurance exercise (PRISE)$$$ n = 28]. Total and regional body composition and visceral adipose tissue (VAT) mass (dual‐energy X‐ray absorptiometry), insulin sensitivity [homeostasis model assessment‐estimated insulin resistance (HOMA‐IR)], plasma lipids and adipokines, and feelings of hunger and satiety (visual analog scales) were measured before and after the 16‐wk intervention. All groups lost body weight, fat mass (FM), and abdominal fat$$$ however, PRISE lost significantly (P < 0.01) more body weight (3.3 ± 0.7 vs. 1.1 ± 0.7 kg, P + RT) and FM (2.8 ± 0.7 vs. 0.9 ± 0.5 kg, P + RT) and gained (P < 0.05) a greater percentage of lean body mass (2 ± 0.5 vs. 0.9 ± 0.3 and 0.6 ± 0.4%, P + RT and P, respectively). Only P + RT (0.1 ± 0.04 kg) and PRISE (0.21 ± 0.07 kg) lost VAT mass (P < 0.05). Fasting glucose decreased only in P + RT (5.1 ± 2.5 mg/dl) and PRISE (15.3 ± 2.1 mg/dl), with the greatest decline occurring in PRISE (P < 0.05). Similarly, HOMA‐IR improved (0.6 ± 0.3, 0.6 ± 0.4 units), and leptin decreased (4.7 ± 2.2, 4.7 ± 3.1 ng/dl), and adiponectin increased (3.8 ± 1.1, 2.4 ± 1.1 μg/ml) only in P + RT and PRISE, respectively, with no change in P. In conclusion, we find evidence to support exercise training and timed ingestion of whey protein added to the habitual diet of free‐living overweight/obese adults, independent of caloric restriction on total and regional body fat distribution, insulin resistance, and adipokines.
Acceptance and usability of different sunscreen formulations among outdoor workers: a randomized, single-blind, cross-over study$$$ Adequate sun protection is often neglected during occupational outdoor work. To investigate the acceptance and usability of sunscreens during outdoor work a single‐blind, randomized‐controlled, cross‐over trial was performed in 40 subjects. Two sunscreen formulations were used daily on working days for 4 weeks at a time, with a wash‐out phase before crossover. The primary outcome was overall acceptance of the products with daily application. More than 80% of the outdoor workers were fully satisfied with the cosmetic properties, sweat resistance, performance and usability of both products under outdoor working conditions. With respect to overall performance, the milk was rated slightly better than the gel. In terms of ease of application, the milk was preferred (p<0.05). Sunscreens for those working outdoors must contain very high, broad‐spectrum, photostable filters for both UVB and UVA, they must be easy to apply and sweat resistant, and should not irritate the eyes.
Effectiveness of local anesthesia using EMLA cream for laser treatment of cervical and vulvar lesions$$$ The efficacy of the anesthesia by the Emla cream (a mixture of lydocaine and prylocaine) has been tested on the cervix uteri and the vulva before laser treatment of warts and intraepithelial neoplasia. Five of the six women treated for vulvar warts did not feel any pain during laser treatment after the application of the cream. On the cervix, the pain was evaluated on a median of 9 on a visual scale going from 0 to 100, compared to a median of 25 for women treated without local anesthesia. The efficacy of local anesthesia was best after 4 minutes. The local anesthesia by the Emla cream seems to constitute a real progress in the patient's tolerance of local destructive treatment of cervical and vulvar warts and intraepithelial neoplasia.
Natural Rumen-Derived trans Fatty Acids Are Associated with Metabolic Markers of Cardiac Health$$$ Evidence suggests that industrial trans fatty acids (iTFA) impair lipid profiles while ruminant trans fatty acids (rTFA) may lower insulin resistance and blood pressure. The objective of this article was to determine if the plasma phospholipid percentage of rTFA is associated with a favorable cardiometabolic profile. We collected fasting blood samples from 200 individuals from Quebec city (QC, Canada) aged from 18 to 55 years old, including 100 obese (BMI ≥ 30 kg m‐2) and 100 non‐obese (BMI < 30 kg m‐2) men and women. Fatty acid levels in plasma phospholipids were determined using gas chromatography. After separating the subjects into two groups, according to the median percentage of rTFA in plasma phospholipids, participants in the group with higher percentages of rTFA (0.86 ± 0.24 %) had higher adiponectin levels (p = 0.01) and a lower blood pressure (systolic, p = 0.005$$$ diastolic, p = 0.04). In contrast, concentrations in plasma phospholipids of elaidic acid, a major iTFA, are positively correlated with glycemia in non‐obese subjects (p = 0.01) and with both triacylglycerol (TAG) (p = 0.0007) and total cholesterol (TC) (p = 0.009) in obese subjects. These data suggest that rTFA may have beneficial effects on cardiometabolic risk factors conversely to their counterpart iTFA. Dietary sources of TFA should be taken into account in future cardiometabolic studies.
Management of non-responders$$$ Although major improvements of treatment options for chronic hepatitis C were achieved over the years, still a large proportion of patients infected with genotype 1 cannot be cured. These patients include two different groups ‐ those with undetectable virus at end of treatment but become positive after stopping treatment (relapsers) and those in whom the virus is not cleared at all (nonresponders). Based on the type of viral response nonresponders are divided in partial responders (with a decrease of viral load by at least 2 log) and nullresponders. Currently there are limited options for nonresponders. Retreatment of relapsers or of nonresponders to interferon monotherapy with peginterferon/ribavirin results in SVR rates of 50‐70%. In contrast, retreatment of nonresponders to peginterferon/ribavirin with the same regime is rarely effective. Before considering retreatment the reasons for the failure of the first treatment should be identified and corrected before and/or on treatment (non‐compliance, side effects leading to dose reductions, insulin resistance). Repeated measurements of viral load help to identify patients who benefit from retreatment. In a large prospective randomized trial (REPEAT) only patients with undetectable HCV‐RNA at week 12 had a chance to achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR). Treatment outcome was improved if treatment was extended to 72 weeks. Treatment should be stopped in patients with detectable HCV at week 12. Disease progression or the occurrence of complications like hepatocellular carcinoma was not prevented by long‐term treatment with pe‐ginterferon alone for periods up to 3 1/2 years (HALT‐C, EPIC and COPILOT study). However, patients with a drop in viral load of >2log and patients with portal hypertension may potentially benefit from long‐term monotherapy. New Therapies: At present a variety of new agents is in clinical development for nonresponders. Telaprevir, a HCV‐protease inhibitor, was used in phase 2 studies. In the PROVE 3 trial both 39 and 72% of nonresponders and relapsers, respectively, achieved a SVR. In the “roll‐over” study in nonresponders who were randomized to receive standard of care in the recently published PROVE 1 and PROVE 2 trial, triple therapy lead to a more than 50% SVR rate (press release by VERTEX, October 2009). Intravenous silibinin, extracted, esterified, and lyophilised from fruits and seeds of the milk thistle, was shown to be a potent antiviral drug in nonresponders. Further studies with other compounds are currently performed. The results of the first phase 3 studied are expected end of 2010. Nonpharmacologic interventions: Before effective new drugs are available the major goal is to prevent disease progression. Life style modifications including weight reduction, treatment of insulin resistance, and a decrease in alcohol or marijuana consumption should be proposed. Increased coffee consumption was shown provide a long‐term benefit for patients with chronic liver disease. Cirrhotic patients should be monitored to detect hepatocellular carcinoma as soon as possible.
Effect of Spinal Cord Stimulation in Painful Diabetic Polyneuropathy: a multicenter Randomised Controlled Trial (PDP study)$$$ INTERVENTION: The intervention is spinal cord stimulation. CONDITION: $$$ Pain due to diabetic nerve damage $$$ painful distal symmetrical diabetic polyneuropathy 10012653 10034606 PRIMARY OUTCOME: The main study parameter will be the mean pain intensity during daytime and/or $$$ mean pain intensity during night time as measured on a weighted NRS and/or a $$$ PGIC for pain and sleep measured on a 7‐point Likert scale.$$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1) Quality of life will be measured by EQ‐5D, MOS SF‐36 and the modified BPI $$$ Short Form for diabetic peripheral neuropathy$$$ $$$ 2) Quality of sleep will be measured by the MOS sleep scale$$$ $$$ 3) The effect of SCS on mood will be measured by the BDI$$$ $$$ 4) The effect of SCS on blood glucose control will be investigated by measuring $$$ HbA1c$$$ $$$ 5) To measure the effect of SCS on large and small neurofibre functions the $$$ modified INCAT sensory sum score (md ISS), Contact Heat Evoked Potentials $$$ Stimulator (CHEPS), and Somato‐sensory evoked potentials (SSEP) measurements $$$ will be performed$$$ $$$ 6) The effect of SCS on small fibre loss and possible regeneration will be $$$ investigated by skin biopsy$$$ $$$ 7) The effect of SCS on activities‐of‐daily‐living will be measured with an $$$ accelerometer (activPALTM)$$$ $$$ 8) All baseline parameters will be analyzed for their predictive value for the $$$ success or failure of SCS treatment in PDP$$$ e.g. pain scores, NPS, EuroQol‐5D, $$$ MOS SF‐36, BDI, Michigan Diabetic Neuropathy Score (MDNS) , md INCAT sensory $$$ sum score, CHEPS, SSEP, HbA1c and skin biopsy$$$ $$$ 9) Costs will be measured through the hospital registration and by means of a $$$ standardized cost‐questionnaire and the EQ‐5D$$$ $$$ 10) The long term follow‐up will measured for 5 years, twice each year, by $$$ using the same questionnaire and pain dairy. $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: • Moderate‐to‐severe PDP in the lower limbs o The pain intended to treat has been present for more than 12 months o Previous treatment has been unsuccessful (insufficient pain relief and/or unacceptable side‐effects) with drugs from the following drug categories: * Amitriptylin or an other tricyclic antidepressant and/or * Pregabalin (Lyrica®) or Gabapentin (Neurontin®) and/or * Duloxetine (Cymbalta®) and/or * Tramadol or strong opioids Patients were treated with 3 drugs from the above mentioned drug categories and followed the treatment algorithm for painful diabetic polyneuropathy according to Jensen. Starting dosage was based on individual patient characteristics. Each drug was tried for at least 3 weeks and dose was raised once, if possible. By insufficient pain relief and/or unacceptable side‐effects, the drug treatment was stopped. Patients reached a steady state in medication use and it is not allowed to increase dosage duri
Effects of supplemented isoenergetic diets varying in cereal fiber and protein content on the bile acid metabolic signature and relation to insulin resistance$$$ Bile acids (BA) are potent metabolic regulators influenced by diet. We studied effects of isoenergetic increases in the dietary protein and cereal‐fiber contents on circulating BA and insulin resistance (IR) in overweight and obese adults. Randomized controlled nutritional intervention (18 weeks) in 72 non‐diabetic participants (overweight/obese: 29/43) with at least one further metabolic risk factor. Participants were group‐matched and allocated to four isoenergetic supplemented diets: control$$$ high cereal fiber (HCF)$$$ high‐protein (HP)$$$ or moderately increased cereal fiber and protein (MIX). Whole‐body IR and insulin‐mediated suppression of hepatic endogenous glucose production were measured using euglycaemic‐hyperinsulinemic clamps with [6‐62H2] glucose infusion. Circulating BA, metabolic biomarkers, and IR were measured at 0, 6, and 18 weeks. Under isoenergetic conditions, HP‐intake worsened IR in obese participants after 6 weeks (M‐value: 3.77 ± 0.58 vs. 3.07 ± 0.44 mg/kg/min, p = 0.038), with partial improvement back to baseline levels after 18 weeks (3.25 ± 0.45 mg/kg/min, p = 0.089). No deleterious effects of HP‐intake on IR were observed in overweight participants. HCF‐diet improved IR in overweight participants after 6 weeks (M‐value 4.25 ± 0.35 vs. 4.81 ± 0.31 mg/kg/min, p = 0.016), but did not influence IR in obese participants. Control and MIX diets did not influence IR. HP‐induced, but not HCF‐induced changes in IR strongly correlated with changes of BA profiles. MIX‐diet significantly increased most BA at 18 weeks in obese, but not in overweight participants. BA remained unchanged in controls. Pooled BA concentrations correlated with fasting fibroblast growth factor‐19 (FGF‐19) plasma levels (r = 0.37$$$ p = 0.003). Higher milk protein intake was the only significant dietary predictor for raised total and primary BA in regression analyses (total BA, p = 0.017$$$ primary BA, p = 0.011). Combined increased intake of dietary protein and cereal fibers markedly increased serum BA concentrations in obese, but not in overweight participants. Possible mechanisms explaining this effect may include compensatory increases of the BA pool in the insulin resistant, obese state$$$ or defective BA transport.
The effect of purslane seeds on glycemic status and lipid profiles of persons with type 2 diabetes: a randomized controlled cross-over clinical trial$$$ BACKGROUND: We are aware of limited data about the effects of purslane on diabetes. Earlier studies have mostly indicated the beneficial effects in animal models. This study aimed to evaluate the effect of purslane seeds on glycemic status and lipid profiles of persons with type 2 diabetes. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This cross‐over randomized controlled clinical trial was conducted on 48 persons with type 2 diabetes. Participants were randomly assigned to receive either 10 g/day purslane seeds with 240 cc low‐fat yogurt (intervention group) or only 240 cc low‐fat yogurt (as a control group) for 5 weeks. After a 2‐week washout period, subjects were moved to the alternate arm for an additional 5 weeks. At baseline and end of each phase of the study, fasting blood samples were collected to quantify plasma glucose levels, as well as serum insulin and lipid profiles. Within‐group and between‐group changes in anthropometric measures, as well as biochemical indicators, were compared using a paired‐samples t‐test. RESULTS: Mean age of study participants was 51.4 ± 6.0 year. We found a significant reduction in weight (‐0.57 vs. 0.09 kg, P = 0.003) and body mass index (‐0.23 vs. 0.02 kg/m(2), P = 0.004) following purslane seeds consumption. Despite a slight reduction in fasting plasma glucose levels (‐2.10 vs. ‐2.77 mg/dL, P = 0.90), we failed to find any significant effect on serum insulin levels and homeostatic model of assessment of insulin resistance score. Furthermore, purslane consumption decreased serum triglyceride levels (‐25.5 vs. ‐1.8 mg/dL, P = 0.04) but could not affect serum high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol, low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol, and total cholesterol levels. We observed a significant reduction in systolic blood pressure (‐3.33 vs. 0.5 mmHg, P = 0.01) and a borderline significant decrease in diastolic blood pressure (‐3.12 vs. ‐0.93 mmHg, P = 0.09) after purslane seeds intake. CONCLUSION: In summary, consumption of purslane seeds for 5 weeks in persons with type 2 diabetes might improve their anthropometric measures, serum triglyceride levels, and blood pressure. Further studies are required to determine the appropriate dosage for these patients.
The association of beverage intake preference with bowel preparation laxative taste preference: results of public taste tests$$$ Purpose: There is a need to improve the bowel preparation experience of patients in order to increase the uptake of colorectal cancer screening. However, newer FDA approved products are typically not covered by healthcare insurance. Aim: To determine whether beverage intake preference can guide the selection of bowel laxative preparations which are usually covered by health insurance for patients undergoing colonoscopy to personalize laxative recommendations. Methods: We conducted seven public taste tests in Washington, DC, using commercially procured (A) unflavored polyethylene glycol (PEG), (B) orange flavored PEG, and (C) Moviprep which is a lemon flavored laxative. Volunteers completed baseline questionnaires including their beverage intake preferences (including use of sugar or sweeteners and cream or milk), tasted the laxatives in randomly assigned order and ranked the laxatives as 1st, 2nd, and 3rd based on their taste preferences. Our outcomes are the number of 1st place rankings for each laxative preparation. We used logistic regression models to compare the beverage intake characteristics of volunteers who chose each laxative as 1st to the rest of the volunteers and calculated odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI). Results: A total of 670 volunteers participated in the taste tests: mean age = 44.4 years (range 18‐83 years), 56% female, 88.2% black, 48.2% had college education, 37.1% earn less than $25,000 per year, 35.4% obese (BMI ≥30kg/m2), 36.0% with history of smoking, and 60.5% had history of alcohol ingestion. The taste sequence was 34.5% ABC, 32.5% BCA and 33% CAB. Flavored PEG was ranked as first by 69.4% of volunteers (n=465) followed by Moviprep 20.8% (n=139) and unflavored PEG 9.9% (n=66). Overall, no beverage intake pattern for coffee, tea, and carbonated drinks (regular and diet) predicted the choice of unflavored PEG, flavored PEG and Moviprep. Conclusion: Beverage intake preference does not predict taste preference for bowel preparation laxatives. It is important to develop more tolerable bowel laxative preparations and make these preparations available to patients through their health insurance.
Effect of orlistat on ratings of fat-containing foods among obese adolescents$$$ Background: Previous studies have reported that obese patients prefer high‐fat foods more than normal‐weight patients.1,2 Several studies have shown that orlistat reduces weight and thus obesity‐associated comorbid conditions amongst obese adolescents and adults.3,4 Since orlistat produces gastrointestinal symptoms after consumption of high‐fat meals, it could theoretically cause development of a conditioned taste aversion in response to the taste of fat, which might assist in decreasing dietary fat intake.5 However, no studies have investigated if orlistat may influence perception of the sensory properties of fat and thus fat liking. Methods: We conducted a randomized double‐blind placebo‐controlled trial in 200 obese (BMI: 41.5 ± 0.7) adolescents aged 6‐12 years randomized to 120 mg orlistat three times daily (n=100) or placebo (n=100) for 6 months. Participants were presented with 5 chocolate milks and 5 puddings that varied in fat content (0, 2, 3.5, 8, and 16%) twice in random order at baseline and after 6mo orlistat or placebo. Participants rated their perception of sweetness and creaminess of these foods on a 100‐mm visual analog scale. Fat mass was measured by DEXA. We used ANCOVA to assess the relationship between change in taste preference ratings and orlistat. Covariates included change in fat weight, socioeconomic status, sex, age, and race. Results: The orlistat group had a significant decrease in fat mass (‐3.2 kg ± 0.1, p=0.008) compared to the placebo group after 6mo treatment (‐1.7 kg ± 0.1 p=0.1) and 83% of the orlistat‐treated group reported having oily stools. Baseline and 6mo taste ratings were available for 145 participants (71 orlistat‐treated, 74 placebo‐treated). After correction for multiple comparisons, there were no significant differences in change of perceived sweetness or creaminess ratings by drug treatment. Independent of drug treatment group, greater reduction in fat mass from baseline was associated with a greater reduction in ratings of milk chocolate creaminess at 0% fat (p=0.03). Cumulatively and at 2, 3.5, and 16% fat content, age was inversely associated with change in ratings of chocolate sweetness (all p<0.04). Similarly, age was inversely associated with change in ratings of pudding sweetness overall (p=0.02). The same association was found between age and pudding creaminess overall (p=0.004) and at 2, 3.5, and 8% fat content (all p<0.01). Lower socioeconomic status was associated with a greater reduction in preference ratings of chocolate creaminess at 2% fat content (p=0.005) and both chocolate (p=0.03) and pudding sweetness at 0% fat content (p=0.02). Conclusion We found no evidence that 6mo treatment with orlistat decreases perception of properties of fat and thus liking for fat. However this study found 6‐month changes in fat ratings were influenced by age, weight loss, and socioeconomic factors.
Full liquid diet versus clear liquid diet and sodium sulfate solution for colonoscopy preparation$$$ Introduction: Diet and the prep medication affect the quality of colonoscopy examinations. The most widely accepted clear liquid diet does not leave patients with many options, and can be especially difficult for the diabetic population. This study compares prep quality between full liquid diet (FLD) and a clear liquid diet (CLD) in the setting of a split dosing sodium sulfate solution. Methods: This was a single‐blinded, prospective, randomized study in a single community setting that included 160 patients who underwent elective outpatient colonoscopy for colon cancer screening or surveillance. Patients were randomized to either the standard of care CLD or the FLD which allowed patients to consume milk, ice cream, pudding, sorbet and sherbet but avoided red or purple coloring. Both groups received sodium sulfate as the prep solution. A sample size of 80 patients per group was needed to have approximately 80% power to detect a 15% difference between the two groups. The X2 Test of Independence was used to compare differences between the groups on the categorical variables and analysis of variance was used to compare differences between continuous variables. The primary outcome was the mean difference on the Ottawa Bowel Preparation scale between the two groups. Results: of the 160 patients enrolled, 159 were randomized. 58% of the patients were female. The most common indication for the exam was average risk screening (72.5%), followed by personal history of polyp (21.3%), family history of colon cancer (5%), and family history of colon polyp (0.6%). 81 patients were enrolled in the CLD group and 78 patients in the FLD group. There was no difference in the mean Ottawa score between the CLD and FLD, 2.68 and 2.53, respectively (P = 0.653). Overall, the prep process was well‐tolerated with the exception of more headache complaints in the FLD group. The overall cecal intubation rate, adenoma detection rate and average withdraw time were 99.4%, 49.6% and 10.2 minutes, respectively. Conclusion: This non‐inferior result adds to the increase in literature demonstrating a strict CLD may not be necessary for a colonoscopy exam. Endoscopists should be more confident in having greater latitude in the prep diet. This, in return, may also improve the willingness of the patients to complete such an exam.
Full liquid diet versus clear liquid diet and sodium sulfate solution for colonoscopy preparation$$$ Introduction: Diet and the prep medication affect the quality of colonoscopy examinations. The most widely accepted clear liquid diet does not leave patients with many options, and can be especially difficult for the diabetic population. This study compares prep quality between full liquid diet (FLD) and a clear liquid diet (CLD) in the setting of a split dosing sodium sulfate solution. Methods: This was a single‐blinded, prospective, randomized study in a single community setting that included 160 patients who underwent elective outpatient colonoscopy for colon cancer screening or surveillance. Patients were randomized to either the standard of care CLD or the FLD which allowed patients to consume milk, ice cream, pudding, sorbet and sherbet but avoided red or purple coloring. Both groups received sodium sulfate as the prep solution. A sample size of 80 patients per group was needed to have approximately 80% power to detect a 15% difference between the two groups. The X2 Test of Independence was used to compare differences between the groups on the categorical variables and analysis of variance was used to compare differences between continuous variables. The primary outcome was the mean difference on the Ottawa Bowel Preparation scale between the two groups. Results: Of the 160 patients enrolled, 159 were randomized. 58% of the patients were female. The most common indication for the exam was average risk screening (72.5%), followed by personal history of polyp (21.3%), family history of colon cancer (5%), and family history of colon polyp (0.6%). 81 patients were enrolled in the CLD group and 78 patients in the FLD group. There was no difference in the mean Ottawa score between the CLD and FLD, 2.68 and 2.53, respectively (P = 0.653). Overall, the prep process was well‐tolerated with the exception of more headache complaints in the FLD group. The overall cecal intubation rate, adenoma detection rate and average withdraw time were 99.4%, 49.6% and 10.2 minutes, respectively. Conclusion: This non‐inferior result adds to the increase in literature demonstrating a strict CLD may not be necessary for a colonoscopy exam. Endoscopists should be more confident in having greater latitude in the prep diet. This, in return, may also improve the willingness of the patients to complete such an exam. (Table Presented).
Metabolic responses of a single bout of low-intensity exercise following mixed meals in healthy individuals$$$ Exercise is a potent inducer of physiological changes at different levels, perturbing energy balance under different conditions. While high‐intensity exercise is known to greatly stimulate central and peripheral signals, low doses of exercise are still controversially exploitable within a context of increasing global obesity. Here, we investigated postprandial responses (glucose, insulin, ghrelin, FFA) elicited by three diverse test‐meal loads followed by a 20‐min bout of low‐intensity aerobic exercise. Nineteen healthy individuals (8M/11F$$$ BMI 20.8±0.5 kg/m2$$$ 31±0.7 yrs) completed 2 experimental trials (resting and exercise) in a randomised‐crossover fashion. All subjects underwent a 50‐g OGTT (A) and 3 test‐meal loads: milk and cereals (B1)$$$ milk, apple and chocolate cream filled sponge cake (B2)$$$ milk, bread, apple and hazelnut chocolate cream (B3). In the exercise trial, participants cycled for 20 min at 40% VO2max, 100 minutes after load ingestion. A twoway repeated measures ANOVA was performed. No interaction between the type of oral test and physical activity was found. Exercise significantly decreased the final glucose concentration (p=0.004), and increased the final FFA concentration (p=0.002). These results have important implications for a society currently determined to offset excessive nutrient intake with increased physical activity. (Figure Presented).
The potential of cream soup made from a combination of black soybeans (Glycine soja L. merrit) and red rice (oryza nivara) to improve lipid profiles and control oxidative stress among menopausal women$$$ Background and Objective: The number of menopausal women is estimated to continue to increase$$$ therefore, as more women experience menopause, more health problems will emerge as a consequence. Black soybeans and red rice are known to have a high antioxidant content that can reduce the effect of free radical damage and prevent degenerative diseases in menopausal women. The objective of this study was to examine the potential of a cream soup made from a combination of black soybeans and red rice to improve lipid profiles [cholesterol total, triglycerides, High Density Lipoprotein‐Cholesterol (HDL‐C) and Low Density Lipoprotein‐Cholesterol (LDL‐C)] and control oxidative stress markers [malondialdehyde (MDA) and superoxide dismutase (SOD)] among menopausal women. Materials and Methods: This was an experimental trial with a crossover design. Eight menopausal women in Ciherang village, Dramaga Subdistrict in Bogor, West Java, were randomly assigned to the control group (n = 4) and the treatment group (n = 4) for 2×4‐week periods of daily treatment with a 4‐week washout period between the intervention periods. The treatment group consumed approximately 50 g of cream soup made from black soybeans and red rice, while the control group consumed cream soup made from white rice. Blood samples were taken in the morning on days 1, 29, 43 and 71 of the intervention and analyzed for serum cholesterol, triglycerides, HDL‐C, LDL‐C, MDA and SOD levels. Results: The results showed that the differences in cholesterol and triglyceride levels between the post‐and pre‐intervention periods in the treatment group were not significantly different from those in the control group. The differences in HDL‐C and LDL‐C levels between the post‐and pre‐intervention periods in the treatment group were significantly different from those in the control group. The difference in serum MDA levels between the post‐and pre‐intervention periods, which had decreased in the treatment group, was significantly different from that in the control group, which had increased (p<0.05). The difference in serum SOD levels between the post‐and pre‐intervention periods, which had increased in the treatment group, was significantly different from that of the control group, which had decreased (p<0.05). Conclusion: This study revealed that a functional cream soup made from a combination of black soybeans and red rice has the potential to improve lipid profiles and control oxidative stress among menopausal women.
The effects of galactooligosaccharide (GOS) on peripheral insulin sensitivity and body weight control in obese adults with impaired glucose homeostasis$$$ INTERVENTION: The subjects will be divided in 2 intervention groups: 1. 1. GOS: Domo® Vivinal® galacto‐oligosaccharide rich whey product 5g 3 Xper day (269.6kjoule/day) 2. Placebo: Maltodextrin 5.65g 3xper day (269.6kjoule/day), isocaloric Intervention period will be 12 weeks (minimal 84 days, maximal 89 days intervention period). The products will be consumed with a low‐fat milk drink during the breakfast, lunch and dinner. The type of treatment will be blinded for both the volunteers and the researchers. CONDITION: $$$ insulin resistance $$$ overweight 10018424 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Primary endpoint: whole‐body insulin sensitivity as assessed by a one‐step $$$ hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp $$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: ‐ energy expenditure and substrate oxidation (indirect calorimetry) $$$ ‐ adipose tissue and skeletal muscle gene/protein expression $$$ ‐ faecal and circulating SCFA $$$ ‐ faecal microbiota composition $$$ ‐ circulating incretins, metabolites and inflammatory parameters $$$ ‐ body weight, BMI and body composition (DEXA scan) $$$ ‐ volatile organic compounds (VOCs) in exhaled air $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: Overweight/obese (BMI * 28 kg/m2 < 40 kg/m2) insulin impaired men and post‐menopausal women with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT: 2h plasma glucose during 75g OGTT 7.8‐11.1 mmol/l) and/or impaired fasting glucose (plasma glucose * 5.6 mmol/l) aged 45‐70 years will be included in the study. In addition, subjects have to be weight‐stable for at least 3 months prior to participation (no change in bodyweight, i.e. < 3kg).
Probiotic yogurt improves antioxidant status in type 2 diabetic patients$$$ OBJECTIVE: Oxidative stress plays a major role in the pathogenesis and progression of diabetes. Among various functional foods with an antioxidant effect, probiotic foods have been reported to repress oxidative stress. The objective of this clinical trial was to assess the effects of probiotic and conventional yogurt on blood glucose and antioxidant status in type 2 diabetic patients. METHODS: Sixty‐four patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, 30 to 60 y old, were assigned to two groups in this randomized, double‐blind, controlled clinical trial. The patients in the intervention group consumed 300 g/d of probiotic yogurt containing Lactobacillus acidophilus La5 and Bifidobacterium lactis Bb12 and those in the control group consumed 300 g/d of conventional yogurt for 6 wk. Fasting blood samples, 24‐h dietary recalls, and anthropometric measurements were collected at the baseline and at the end of the trial. RESULTS: Probiotic yogurt significantly decreased fasting blood glucose (P < 0.01) and hemoglobin A1c (P < 0.05) and increased erythrocyte superoxide dismutase and glutathione peroxidase activities and total antioxidant status (P < 0.05) compared with the control group. In addition, the serum malondialdehyde concentration significantly decreased compared with the baseline value in both groups (P < 0.05). No significant changes from baseline were shown in insulin concentration and erythrocyte catalase activity within either group (P > 0.05). CONCLUSION: The consumption of probiotic yogurt improved fasting blood glucose and antioxidant status in type 2 diabetic patients. These results suggest that probiotic yogurt is a promising agent for diabetes management.
Effect of resistance training and various sources of protein supplementation on body fat mass and metabolic profile in sarcopenic overweight older adult men: a pilot study$$$ The decrease in resting energy expenditure (REE) and fat oxidation with aging is associated with an increase in fat mass (FM), and both could be prevented by exercise such as resistance training. Dairy consumption has also been shown to promote FM loss in different subpopulations and to be positively associated with fat oxidation. Therefore, we sought to determine whether resistance exercise combined with dairy supplementation could have an additive impact on FM and energy metabolism, especially in individuals with a deficit in muscle mass. Twenty‐six older overweight sarcopenic men (65 ± 5 years old) were recruited for the study. They participated in 4 months of resistance exercise and were randomized into three groups for postexercise shakes (control, dairy, and nondairy isocaloric and isoprotein supplement with 375 ml and ∼280 calories per shake). Body composition was measured by dual X‐ray absorptiometry and REE by indirect calorimetry. Fasting glucose, insulin, leptin, inflammatory profile, and blood lipid profile were also measured. Significant decreases were observed with FM only in the dairy supplement group$$$ no changes were observed for any other variables. To conclude, FM may decrease without changes in metabolic parameters during resistance training and dairy supplementation with no caloric restriction without having any impact on metabolic properties. More studies are warranted to explain this significant decrease in FM.
Low-fat milk ingestion prevents postprandial hyperglycemia-mediated impairments in vascular endothelial function in obese individuals with metabolic syndrome$$$ Greater intakes of low‐fat dairy foods are associated with a lower risk of cardiovascular disease. The objective of this study was to examine whether acute low‐fat milk ingestion would limit postprandial impairments in vascular endothelial function by limiting oxidative stress responses that decrease nitric oxide (NO) bioavailability. A randomized, double‐blind, cross‐over study was conducted in adults with metabolic syndrome (MetS) who ingested low‐fat milk (475 mL) or an isocaloric volume of rice milk after an overnight fast. Brachial artery flow‐mediated dilation (FMD), plasma glucose, malondialdehyde (MDA), arginine (ARG), and asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA) were assessed at 30‐min intervals during the 3‐h postprandial period. Participants' (n = 19) postprandial FMD responses were unaffected by low‐fat milk but transiently decreased (P < 0.01) from 6.2 ± 0.8% (mean ± SEM) at baseline to 3.3 ± 0.7% at 30 min and 3.9 ± 0.6% at 60 min following rice milk consumption. Glucose and MDA increased to a greater extent in the rice milk trial (P < 0.001). The MDA area under the 3 h postprandial curve (AUC0‐3 h) was correlated with glucose AUC0‐3 h (r = 0.75$$$ P < 0.01) and inversely related to FMD AUC0‐3 h (r = ‐0.59$$$ P < 0.01). ARG decreased following rice milk and increased with low‐fat milk, whereas only rice milk increased ADMA:ARG. The ADMA:ARG AUC0‐3 h was correlated with MDA AUC0‐3 h (r = 0.55) and was inversely related to FMD AUC0‐3 h (r = ‐0.52) (P < 0.05). These findings suggest that low‐fat milk maintains vascular endothelial function in individuals with MetS by limiting postprandial hyperglycemia that otherwise increases lipid peroxidation and reduces NO bioavailability. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01411293.
Healthy lifestyle and breast cancer risk: a case-control study in Morocco$$$ Background: Some modifiable risk factors have been independently associated with breast cancer (BC) risk in Moroccan women, but no studies have investigated their joint association. This study aimed to investigate the association between a Healthy Lifestyle Index (HLI) score and BC risk among Moroccan women. Methods: In this case–control study, 300 incident BC cases and 300 controls, matched by age and area of residence were recruited. Cases were women newly‐diagnosed with histopathologically–confirmed BC at the University Hospital in Fez, Morocco. Controls were randomly selected healthy women recruited from 6 primary health centers in Fez. HLI scores developed within this study were assigned to participants based on 11 factors (red and processed meat, white meat, cream, cheese, fish, fruit and vegetables, physical activity, BMI, smoking, alcohol consumption, and breastfeeding), where 0 was given to unhealthy and 0.5 or 1 to healthy levels of each factor. Conditional and unconditional logistic regression models were used to assess the association between HLI scores and BC risk. Results: Mean of HLI scores were 8.1 (±1.1) and 9.0 (±0.9) in cases and controls, respectively, p < 0.01. After adjusting for potential confounders, one‐point increment in the HLI score was associated with 56% (95% CI, CI: 39–68%), 49% (95% CI: 30–63%), and 59% (95% CI: 40–72%) lower risks of BC in all, premenopausal, and postmenopausal women, respectively. Conclusion: High HLI scores were associated with decreased risk of BC in Moroccan women. These findings suggest that BC prevention policies should include strategies for engaging Moroccan women in healthy lifestyles.
Soft drink consumption increases the risk of hypertension in Korean adults: a prospective cohort study$$$ Introduction: Several previous studies have reported that consumption of soft drink is associated with increased risk of hypertension (HTN) in Western societies. However, epidemiological information on such associations is very limited in Koreans. Hypothesis: We tested the hypothesis whether an increase in soft drink consumption is related to higher risk of HTN among Korean middle aged adults from Korean community based Cohort (Ansan‐Ansung cohort). Methods: Data from Ansan‐Ansung cohort from 2001 to 2010 in the Korean genome and epidemiology study (KoGES) were used for statistical analyses. Among the participants, we selected 5,296 subjects (2,475 men and 2,821 women, aged 39‐64 yrs) who were free from presence of HTN, diabetes, cardiovascular disease and cancer at baseline and those who completely followed up for 10.4 years. Participants who completed a semi‐quantitative food frequency questionnaire for dietary assessment and questionnaire for baseline health status in 2001‐2002 were included in analyses. Subjects were categorized as quartile based on their soft drink consumption. Soft drink consumption was calculated as frequency per week summed up by consumption frequency of soda (such as Coke and Sprite) and other beverages (including sweet rice drink and Citrus tea). To assess the relationship between soft drink consumption and HTN, we estimated multivariable‐adjusted hazard ratio (HR) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) using cox regression analysis. In addition, stratified analysis by body mass index (BMI) was conducted. Results: During the follow‐up period of 10.4 years, we ascertained 1,035 incident cases (19.5% of study population) of HTN. Total soft drink consumption showed significant association with increased risk for HTN after adjusting for potential confounders (age, sex, total energy intake, BMI, and socio‐economic factors). The adjusted HR of HTN for the highest quartile of soft drink consumption was 1.24 (95% CIs: 1.02‐1.51) compared to the lowest quartile. Furthermore, we found that higher consumption of soft drink was significantly associated with increased incidence of HTN in subjects with BMI ≥25 (HR: 1.54$$$ 95% CIs: 1.15‐2.01), whereas there was no significant association among subjects with BMI <25. Conclusions: In conclusion, this study suggested that soft drink consumption contributes to increased risk of HTN, being prominent in obese participants. Our results support recommendations to reduce the consumption of soft drink to prevent and control HTN, although further large prospective studies or randomized controlled trials are warranted to confirm the observed association.
A paleolithic diet with and without combined aerobic and resistance exercise increases functional brain responses and hippocampal volume in subjects with type 2 diabetes$$$ Type 2 diabetes is associated with impaired episodic memory functions and increased risk of different dementing disorders. Diet and exercise may potentially reverse these impairments. In this study, sedentary individuals with type 2 diabetes treated by lifestyle ± metformin were randomized to a Paleolithic diet (PD, n = 12) with and without high intensity exercise (PDEX, n = 12) for 12 weeks. Episodic memory function, associated functional brain responses and hippocampal gray matter volume was measured by magnetic resonance imaging. A matched, but not randomized, non‐interventional group was included as a reference (n = 6). The PD included a high intake of unsaturated fatty acids and protein, and excluded the intake of dairy products, grains, refined sugar and salt. The exercise intervention consisted of 180 min of supervised aerobic and resistance exercise per week. Both interventions induced a significant weight loss, improved insulin sensitivity and increased peak oxygen uptake without any significant group differences. Furthermore, both interventions were associated with increased functional brain responses within the right anterior hippocampus, right inferior occipital gyrus and increased volume of the right posterior hippocampus. There were no changes in memory performance. We conclude that life‐style modification may improve neuronal plasticity in brain areas linked to cognitive function in type 2 diabetes. Putative long‐term effects on cognitive functions including decreased risk of dementing disorders await further studies. Clinical trials registration number: Clinicaltrials. gov NCT01513798.
Comparison of the effects of cows' milk, fortified soy milk, and calcium supplement on weight and fat loss in premenopausal overweight and obese women$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Recent studies suggest that calcium metabolism and perhaps other components of dairy products may contribute to shifting the energy balance and thus play a role in weight regulation. We compared the effects of cows' milk, calcium fortified soy milk and calcium supplement on weight and body fat reduction in premenopausal overweight and obese women. METHODS AND RESULTS: In this clinical trial, 100 healthy overweight or obese premenopausal women were randomized to one of the following dietary regimens for 8 weeks: (1) a control diet providing a 500kcal/day deficit, with 500‐600mg/day dietary calcium$$$ (2) a calcium‐supplemented diet identical to the control diet with 800mg/day of calcium as calcium carbonate$$$ (3) a milk diet providing a 500kcal/day deficit and containing three servings of low‐fat milk$$$ (4) a soy milk diet providing a 500kcal/day deficit and containing three servings of calcium fortified soy milk. At baseline and after 8 weeks, weight, waist circumference, and hip circumference were measured. Three 24‐h dietary records and physical activity records were also taken. Comparing the mean differences in weight, waist circumference, body mass index (BMI) and waist‐to‐hip ratio (WHR) using repeated measure of variance analysis showed that changes in waist circumference and WHR were significant among the four groups (p=0.029 and p=0.015, respectively). After adjustment for baseline values, changes in weight and BMI were also significant (p=0.017 and p=0.019, respectively). Weight reductions in high milk, soy milk, calcium supplement and control groups were 4.43±1.93(kg), 3.46±1.28(kg), 3.89±2.40(kg) and 2.87±1.55(kg), respectively. The greatest changes were seen in the high dairy group in all variables. CONCLUSION: Increasing low fat milk consumption significantly reduces the general and central obesity beyond a low calorie diet.
Sweetener augmentation of serum triacylglycerol during a fat challenge test in humans$$$ OBJECTIVE: High concentrations of fructose enhance postprandial lipemia following lipid loading whereas glucose exerts a negative or minimal effect. This study evaluated the effect of lower sweetener concentrations and the contribution of their sweetness level and palatability. METHODS: At each of four test sessions, twelve male and ten female healthy adults ingested one of four milkshakes containing 108 g dairy cream alone or supplemented with 30 g fructose, 17.5 g glucose or 1 g aspartame. Blood samples were collected at baseline, two, four, six and eight hours after ingestion. Sensory discrimination tests were conducted after the last two sessions. RESULTS: Fructose and glucose led to 37% (p = 0.03) and 59% (p = 0.08) rises in triacylglycerol area under the curve (TG AUC) when compared to the plain milkshake, respectively. Although the sweetened shakes were equisweet and were more palatable than the plain shake, the TG rise after the aspartame milkshake did not differ from the plain milkshake. CONCLUSIONS: These data indicate that low levels of glucose and fructose consumed with lipid enhance postprandial lipemia. Sweetness and palatability did not account for the effect.
Clinical trial of NRL/2019/NMP in promoting health and well-being in healthy adults$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: NRL/2019/NMP: 10 gm protein supplement with 150 ml milk Control Intervention1: Marketed product: 10 gm Protein supplement with 150 ml milk CONDITION: PRIMARY OUTCOME: Daily energy questionnaire Endurance levels by VO2 max Perceived stress levels $$$ Immunity via number of events of recurrent UTI/RTI etc. $$$ Anthropometric analysis $$$ HbA1c and glycemic profile ie blood sugar levels $$$ Regulation of lipid levelsTimepoint: Baseline, day 30, 60 and 90. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Quality of life (Physical, mental and social) General Health Questionnaire‐28 (GHQ‐28) $$$ Changes in digestive behavior assessment $$$ Changes in mood behavior $$$ Safety profiling by LFT, RFT and thyroid profile etc. Assessment of Overall Improvement by subject and investigator $$$ Adverse events $$$ Changes in sleep quality questionnaire $$$ Palatability with dosage compliance of test productTimepoint: Baseline, day 30, 60 and 90. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Age group 18 years to 65 years BMI in the range of 20 to 26 Subjects in good physical condition and sound mental status In the judgment of the Principal Investigator able to comply with protocol requirements Subjects willing to sign written informed consent Willingness to abstain from use of vitamin or mineral supplements, nutritional supplements and or medical foods if applicable
To determine the Glycaemic Index of Health Food Drinks$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Horlicks Protein Plus, Vanilla flavour: Test product with 250 mL water will be consumed orally. Single Consumption. Intervention2: Horlicks Protein Plus, Chocolate flavour: Test product with 250 mL water will be consumed orally. Single Consumption. Intervention3: Horlicks (Classic Malt) mixed with water: Test product with 250 mL water will be consumed orally. Single Consumption. Intervention4: Horlicks (Classic Malt) mixed with warm toned milk: Test product with 200 mL of warm toned milk will be consumed orally. Single Consumption. Intervention5: Horlicks Motherâ??s Plus Lab Prototype, Kesar flavour: Test product with 250 mL water will be consumed orally. Single Consumption. Intervention6: Horlicks Motherâ??s Plus Lab Prototype, Vanilla flavour: Test product with 250 mL water will be consumed orally. Single Consumption. Control Intervention1: Glucon D (Glucose Monohydrate): Reference product with 250 mL water will be consumed orally. Three times Consumption (Single Consumption/day) CONDITION: PRIMARY OUTCOME: To determine the glycemic index of multiple flavours of Health Food Drinks in healthy subjects.Timepoint: 15 mins prior to product administration, 0, 15, 30, 45, 60, 90 and 120 minutes post product administration on each product administration day. SECONDARY OUTCOME: NILTimepoint: NIL INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1)Age: 18 to 45 years (both inclusive) at the time of consent. 2)Subjects having fasting blood glucose levels <100mg/dL. 3)Subjects having HbA1c level <5.7 % 4)Subjects with Body Mass Inde Xof 18.5 to 22.9 kg/m2 (both inclusive).
Acute differential effects of dietary protein quality on postprandial lipemia in obese non-diabetic subjects$$$ Non‐fasting triglyceridemia is much closer associated to cardiovascular risk compared to fasting triglyceridemia. We hypothesized that there would be acute differential effects of four common dietary proteins (cod protein, whey isolate, gluten, and casein) on postprandial lipemia in obese non‐diabetic subjects. To test the hypothesis we conducted a randomized, acute clinical intervention study with crossover design. We supplemented a fat rich mixed meal with one of four dietary proteins i.e. cod protein, whey protein, gluten or casein. Eleven obese non‐diabetic subjects (age: 40‐68, body mass index: 30.3‐42.0 kg/m(2)) participated and blood samples were drawn in the 8‐h postprandial period. Supplementation of a fat rich mixed meal with whey protein caused lower postprandial lipemia (P = .048) compared to supplementation with cod protein and gluten. This was primarily due to lower triglyceride concentration in the chylomicron rich fraction (P = .0293). Thus, we have demonstrated acute differential effects on postprandial metabolism of four dietary proteins supplemented to a fat rich mixed meal in obese non‐diabetic subjects. Supplementation with whey protein caused lower postprandial lipemia compared to supplementation with cod and gluten. As postprandial lipemia is closely correlated to cardiovascular disease, long‐term dietary supplementation with whey protein may prove beneficial in preventing cardiovascular disease in obese non‐diabetic subjects.
Validation of a melasma quality of life questionnaire for Brazilian Portuguese language: the MelasQoL-BP study and improvement of QoL of melasma patients after triple combination therapy$$$ BACKGROUND: Pigmentation disorders, such as melasma, greatly influence the quality of life (QoL) of affected individuals who usually consider the disorder to be more severe than the objective clinical scores. Several instruments have been successfully developed to evaluate QoL. However, they must be adapted to the target population in terms of language and cultural diversity. The first, specific QoL questionnaire for melasma (MelasQoL) was developed for English speaking patients. OBJECTIVES: To validate the Brazilian Portuguese version of the MelasQoL evaluation questionnaire for patients with melasma (MelasQoL‐BP) and to assess the impact of treatment with a triple combination cream (hydroquinone, fluocinolone acetonide and tretinoin) on the QoL of patients with moderate‐to‐severe melasma. CONCLUSIONS: This study demonstrates that MelasQoL‐BP is a valid instrument and can be used to evaluate the quality of life and response to melasma treatment in Brazilian patients. The triple combination treatment produced significant results, regarding both clinical severity and quality of life. METHODS AND RESULTS: Three hundred individuals from the five Brazilian geographic regions took part in this multicentre study. Their mean age was 42 years and skin phototype distribution was: type II 7.0% of patients, III 23.7%, IV 42.7% and V 22.7%. Melasma Area and Severity Index (MASI), MelasQoL‐BP and the short version of the QoL assessment instrument from the World Health Organization (WHOQOL‐BREF) were used to assess melasma severity and QoL at baseline. MelasQoL‐BP was previously translated and culturally adapted from the English version, with participation of the authors and according to the standards of the World Health Organization (WHO). From the original sample, we randomized150 volunteers to treat melasma and repeated the evaluation after 8 weeks. The analysis of the MelasQoL‐BP baseline answers demonstrated an important impact of the disease on skin appearance (65% of patients were bothered all the time or most of the time), frustration (55%), embarrassment (57%) and influence of the disease on interpersonal relationships (42%). Forty‐three per cent of patients felt not attractive or even dirty due to their skin condition. MelasQoL‐BP results showed significant internal consistency (Cronbach's alpha coefficient 0.919$$$ P < 0.001) and good correlation with MASI scores. After treatment, the global assessment showed good or excellent results in 91.4% of the patients. The clinical outcome was not associated with the initial MASI score (P = 0.814$$$ chi‐square), skin colour (P = 0.449$$$ probability ratio) or skin pigmentation (P = 0.814$$$ chi‐square). There was also a significant reduction on MelasQoL‐BP scores (Wilcoxon test$$$ P < 0.001) after treatment, with the mean +/‐ SD results shifting from 44.4 +/‐ 14.9 at baseline to 24.3 +/‐ 15.5 after treatment. The analysis of the MelasQoL‐BP before and after treatment showed an important effect of the impact of treatment on a number of QoL measures. Of note, skin appearance (69.8 vs. 10.1% of patients were bothered all the time or most of the time, respectively), frustration (59.7% vs. 12.2%, respectively), embarrassment (56% vs. 9.3%, respectively) and influence of the disease on interpersonal relationships (35.3% vs. 5.8%, respectively) were greatly improved.
Whole milk increased HDL cholesterol compared to skimmed milk without adversely affecting other lipids, glucose, and insulin in a 2x3 week crossover study$$$ Background and objectives: Dietary guidelines have for decades recommended to cut down on high‐fat dairy products such as whole milk due to the high content of saturated fat which is known to increase LDL cholesterol concentrations in the blood. However, meta‐analyses of prospective cohort studies have found no association between saturated fat or dairy intake and risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and even point to an inverse association with type 2 diabetes (T2D). Whole milk and skimmed milk contain almost the same food matrix except from the fat content (3.5 vs 0.1%). Therefore, it was possible to compare high‐fat with low‐fat milk and study the effect of milk fat on risk of CVD and T2D.M ethods: In a randomized, controlled, 2x3 week crossover intervention study we compared the effect of intake of 0.5 L of whole milk with skimmed milk on blood lipids, glucose, and insulin. Besides drinking milk the 17 men and women consumed their habitual diet. Results: Subjects were 65 % women with a mean age of 25.7 y and a body mass index (in kg/m2) of 21.8. Whole milk increased HDL cholesterol significantly (P < 0.05) compared to skimmed milk. We found no significant differences between whole milk and skimmed milk in effect on total and LDL cholesterol, TAG, glucose and insulin. There was a tendency (P = 0.06) for total cholesterol to be higher with whole milk compared to skimmed milk. Conclusions: Intake of 0.5 L/d of whole milk did not adversely affect risk markers of CVD and T2D compared to skimmed milk. Moreover, intake of whole milk increased HDL cholesterol concentration compared to skimmed milk. These findings suggest that it might be reasonable to include whole milk as part of a healthy diet.
43978 Treatment-Emergent Adverse Events of Interest for Janus Kinase Inhibitors: pooled Analysis of the 52-Week TRuE-V Phase 3 Studies of Ruxolitinib Cream Treatment for Vitiligo$$$ Background: Vitiligo is a chronic autoimmune disease that causes patches of skin depigmentation. A cream formulation of ruxolitinib (a Janus kinase [JAK] 1/JAK2 inhibitor) demonstrated safety and efficacy over 52 weeks in two phase 3 studies. The multinational TRuE‐V1/TRuE‐V2 (NCT04052425/NCT04057573) studies enrolled 674 patients 2:12 years old with nonsegmental vitiligo and depigmentation covering <10% total body surface area. Patients were randomized 2:1 to twice‐daily 1.5% ruxolitinib cream or vehicle for 24 weeks, after which all patients could apply 1.5% ruxolitinib cream through Week 52. We report pooled safety including JAK‐related treatment‐emergent adverse events (TEAEs) from TRuE‐V1/TRuE‐V2. A total of 637 patients applied ruxolitinib cream during the study (ruxolitinib cream, n=449$$$ crossover vehicle to ruxolitinib cream, n=188) for a median (range) of 359 (1– 416) days. Over 52 weeks, TEAEs occurred in 332 patients (52.1%), most commonly COVID‐19 (6.1%), application site acne (5.3%), and nasopharyngitis (4.9%). Fourteen patients (2.2%) had serious TEAEs, none of which were considered treatment‐related. JAK‐related TEAEs of interest included serious infections (0.5%$$$ appendiceal abscess [n=1], appendicitis [n=1], hepatitis infectious mononucleosis [n=1]), malignancies (0.6%$$$ basal cell carcinoma [n=1], ovarian cancer [n=1], papillary thyroid cancer [n=1, serious], prostate cancer [n=1, serious]), and thromboembolic events (0.2%$$$ transient ischemic attack [n=1]). Hematopoietic TEAEs included erythropenia (0.8%), leukopenia (0.8%), thrombocytopenia (0.2%), and thrombocytosis (0.3%). There were no fatal TEAEs or major adverse cardiovascular events. TEAEs suggestive of systemic JAK inhibition were limited, occurring in <1% of patients with vitiligo who applied ruxolitinib cream for up to 52 weeks.
The effects of phytosterol in low fat milk on serum lipid levels among mild-moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects$$$ One of the most important risk factors for CHD is dyslipidemia, among others hypercholesterolemia or high LDL‐cholesterol. Plant‐sterols or phytosterols (PS) are among dietary factors known to lower blood cholesterol as part of therapeutic life‐style changes diet. This study was aimed to evaluate the effect of PS properly solubilized in a‐partly vegetable oil‐filled low fat milk, on serum lipid levels in mild‐moderate hypercholesterolemic subjects. Randomized, two‐arm parallel control group trial was conducted at Department of Nutrition‐University of Indonesia in Jakarta from June to November 2006. Each subject was randomly assigned to receive dietary life‐style changes counseling plus 1.2 g phytosterol/day in low‐fat milk (PS‐group) or control group receiving the counseling alone for six weeks period. There were no significant changes of serum total and LDL‐cholesterol of control group after a six week of dietary counseling (respectively 218.3 ± 18.6 mg/dL to 219.6 ± 24.3 mg/dL and 164.7±21.8 mg/dL to 160.0±26.4 mg/dL). There were a significant decreases of serum total and LDL‐cholesterol (respectively p=0.01 and p=0.004) among subjects receiving PS after a six weeks observation period (respectively 233.5±24.6 mg/dL to 211.2±30.3 mg/dL and 176.9±24.7 mg/dL to 154.5±24.3 mg/dL). There was a significant difference in the LDL‐lowering effects (p=0.024) among the PS‐group after a six weeks (22.4±27.9 mg/dL) as compared to the control group (4.7±17.2 mg/dL). No significant changes were found on serum HDL‐cholesterol and triglyceride levels in both groups. Although there was no significant difference found in daily nutrients intake between the‐2 groups, however, significant reductions in body weight, body mass index and waist circumference were found only in the PS group (p=0.000$$$ 0.000$$$ 0.003, respectively). It is concluded that the lowering of total and LDL‐cholesterol in those receiving life‐style changes counseling plus 1.2 g PS daily for six weeks was significantly higher as compared to those of receiving counseling alone.
Phytosterol-enriched milk lowers LDL-cholesterol levels in Brazilian children and adolescents: double-blind, cross-over trial$$$ Background and aims Despite evidence of the lipid‐lowering effect of plant sterols among adults with hypercholesterolemia, data regarding phytosterol use in children are limited. In this paper, we examined the effects of daily consumption of a phytosterol‐enriched milk compound on the lipid profiles of Brazilian children and adolescents with dyslipidemia. Methods and results This was a randomized, double blind, crossover clinical trial. Twenty eight dyslipidemics outpatients (aged 6–9 years) from an University Hospital were randomly allocated to control or intervention group. The intervention group received milk enriched with 1.2 g/day of plant sterol and the control group received the equivalent amount of skim milk during the period of 8 weeks. Changes from baseline in the mean lipid profile, including total cholesterol (TC), low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL‐C), and triglyceride (TG) concentrations. Serum lipid profiles, glucose levels, dietary and anthropometric data were determined at weeks 0, 4, 8, 16, and 20. Details regarding the safety and tolerance of phytosterol were obtained, using an open‐ended questionnaire. Intention‐to‐treat analysis were performed, using the proc mixed procedure in SAS. After 8 weeks, the mean concentrations of TC and LDL‐C were significantly reduced in the intervention group as compared to the control group with reductions of 5.9% (p = 0.09) and 10.2% (p = 0.002), respectively. In addition, TG concentrations were reduced by 19.7% (p = 0.09). No serious side effects were reported during the study. Conclusion Our results confirm that plant sterols are an effective and safe treatment of infantile dyslipidemia. Trial registration RBR‐3h7f9k.
Clinical trial of plant sterol supplementation in hypercholesterolemia$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Phytolite Plant sterol 95%: 5g once a day for 60 days. Mix it well in warm/Room Temperature milk and consume. Control Intervention1: Placebo: 5g once a day for 60 days. Mix it well in warm/Room Temperature milk and consume. CONDITION: Health Condition 1: E785‐ Hyperlipidemia, unspecified PRIMARY OUTCOME: 1.Change in lipid profile: total cholesterol, triglycerides, LDL, VLDL, HDL $$$ 2.Changes in Body Weight $$$ 3.Changes in BMI, Hip waist ratio $$$ 4.Changes in symptoms related to hypercholesterolemia $$$ Timepoint: Screening, baseline, day 30, day 60 SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1.Reduction in dose of statin $$$ 2.Achievement of target levels of total cholesterol, serum triglycerides and LDL cholesterol, HDL $$$ 3.Patient compliance $$$ 4.Change in Quality of life of subjects $$$ Timepoint: Screening, baseline, day 30, day 60 INCLUSION CRITERIA: Male & Female subjects aged between 30 to 60 Dyslipidemia with any of the two parameters‐ 1. Subjects with‐ Total Cholesterol â?¥ 240 mg/dL, 2. Triglycerides â?¥ 200 mg/dL 3. Subjects with high LDL in the range of 130‐220 mg/dL both inclusive Subjects with or without comorbidities but stable on a prescription Subjects with or without statin treatment
Influence of night-time protein and carbohydrate intake on appetite and cardiometabolic risk in sedentary overweight and obese women$$$ The present study investigated whether whey (WH) protein, casein (CAS) protein or a carbohydrate placebo (PLA) consumed 30 min before sleep could acutely alter appetite or cardiometabolic risk the following morning. A total of forty‐four sedentary overweight and obese women (BMI: 25·7‐54·6 kg/m2) completed this stratified, randomised, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled study (WH: n 16, age 27·4 (sd 5·0) years$$$ CAS: n 15, age 30·3 (sd 8·1) years$$$ PLA: n 13, age 28·5 (sd 7·2) years). The participants came to the laboratory at baseline (visit 1) and again in the morning after night‐time ingestion of either protein or PLA (visit 2). Visit 2 was conducted at least 48 h after visit 1. During visits 1 and 2, the following parameters were measured: appetite (hunger, satiety and desire to eat)$$$ resting metabolism$$$ blood lipid and glucose levels$$$ the levels of insulin, leptin, C‐reactive protein, insulin‐like growth factor‐1, cortisol and adiponectin. Data were analysed using repeated‐measures ANOVA. No group × time interactions were observed for the measured variables$$$ however, a main effect of time was observed for increased satiety (P= 0·03), reduced desire to eat (P= 0·006), and increased insulin levels (P= 0·004) and homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance values (P= 0·01) after the consumption of either protein or PLA. The results of the present study reveal that night‐time consumption of protein or carbohydrate by sedentary overweight and obese women improves their appetite measures but negatively affects insulin levels. Long‐term studies are needed to evaluate the effects of chronic consumption of low‐energy snacks at night on body composition and cardiometabolic risk.
Lack of change in blood pressure and arterial stiffness after high dairy intake in hyperinsulinemic subjects: a cross-over randomized controlled trial$$$ To evaluate the effects of high dairy (HD) (≥4 servings/day), compared to adequate dairy (AD) (2‐3 servings/day as per Canada's Food Guide for Healthy Eating (2007)), on blood pressure (BP) and measures of arterial stiffness in hyperinsulinemic subjects. In this cross‐over clinical trial, hyperinsulinemic adults were randomized to AD and HD for 6 weeks. Anthropometric, glycemic, and lipid parameters were analyzed and dietary intake was evaluated$$$ BP, carotid‐femoral pulse wave velocity, augmentation index, and measures of arterial stiffness were assessed. Twenty‐seven participants completed the study. Dairy intake was 2.2 ± 1.2 servings/day during AD. In addition, lower total and low‐density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol were observed without significant change in BP or arterial stiffness between before and after AD. During HD, the subjects consumed 5.8 ± 1.9 servings/day of dairy products, providing a higher intake of protein, saturated fat, calcium, phosphorus, sodium, and potassium compared to the baseline diet. After the HD, subjects had higher body fat, fasting insulin, homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA‐IR) index, and triglycerides without altering BP or arterial stiffness compared to before HD. Overall, adequate or high intake of total dairy did not modify BP or arterial stiffness in hyperinsulinemic adults after 6 weeks.
Lipidomic changes of LDL in overweight and moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects taking phytosterol- and omega-3-supplemented milk$$$ The benefits of dietary phytosterols (PhySs) and long‐chain n‐3 PUFA (ω3) have been linked to their effects as cholesterol‐ and triglyceride (TGL)‐lowering agents. However, it remains unknown whether these compounds have further metabolic effects on LDL lipid composition. Here, we studied the effects of PhyS‐ or ω3‐supplemented low‐fat milk (milk) on the LDL‐lipidome. Overweight and moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects (n = 32) were enrolled in a two‐arm longitudinal crossover study. Milk (250 ml/day), enriched with either 1.57 g PhyS or 375 mg ω3 (EPA + DHA), was given to the participants during two sequential 28 day intervention periods. Compared with baseline, PhyS‐milk induced a higher reduction in the LDL cholesterol (LDLc) level than ω3‐milk. LDL resistance to oxidation was significantly increased after intervention with PhyS‐milk. Changes in TGL and VLDL cholesterol were only evident after ω3‐milk intake. Lipidomic analysis revealed a differential effect of the PhyS‐ and ω3‐milk interventions on the LDL lipid metabolite pattern. Content in LDL‐glycerophospholipids was reduced after PhyS‐milk intake, with major changes in phosphatidylcholine (PC) and phosphatidylserine subclasses, whereas ω3‐milk induced significant changes in the long‐chain polyunsaturated cholesteryl esters and in the ratio PC36:5/lysoPC16:0, associated to a reduced inflammatory activity. In conclusion, daily intake of milk products containing PhyS or ω3 supplements induce changes in the LDL‐lipidome that indicate reduced inflammatory and atherogenic effects, beyond their LDLc‐ and TGL‐lowering effects.
Changes in Lipids and Inflammatory Markers after Consuming Diets High in Red Meat or Dairy for Four Weeks$$$ There is a body of evidence linking inflammation, altered lipid metabolism, and insulin resistance. Our previous research found that insulin sensitivity decreased after a four‐week diet high in dairy compared to a control diet and to one high in red meat. Our aim was to determine whether a relationship exists between changes in insulin sensitivity and inflammatory biomarkers, or with lipid species. Fasting Tumor Necrosis Factor alpha (TNF‐α), Tumor Necrosis Factor Receptor II (sTNF‐RII), C‐reactive protein (CRP), and lipids were measured at the end of each diet. TNF‐α and the ratio TNF‐α/sTNF‐RII were not different between diets and TNF‐α, sTNF‐RII, or the ratio TNF‐α/sTNF‐RII showed no association with homeostasis model assessment‐estimated insulin resistance (HOMA‐IR). A number of phosphatidylethanolamine (PE) and phosphatidylinositol (PI) species differed between dairy and red meat and dairy and control diets, as did many phosphatidylcholine (PC) species and cholesteryl ester (CE) 14:0, CE15:0, lysophosphatidylcholine (LPC) 14:0, and LPC15:0. None had a significant relationship (p = 0.001 or better) with log homeostasis model assessment‐estimated insulin resistance (HOMA‐IR), although LPC14:0 had the strongest relationship (p = 0.004) and may be the main mediator of the effect of dairy on insulin sensitivity. LPC14:0 and the whole LPC class were correlated with CRP. The correlations between dietary change and the minor plasma phospholipids PI32:1 and PE32:1 are novel and may reflect significant changes in membrane composition. Inflammatory markers were not altered by changes in protein source while the correlation of LPC with CRP confirms a relationship between changes in lipid profile and inflammation.
A randomized intervention trial of 24-wk dairy consumption on waist circumference, blood pressure, and fasting blood sugar and lipids in Japanese men with metabolic syndrome$$$ Dairy foods are postulated to have beneficial effects on blood pressure, body fat, serum lipids, and the incidence of type 2 diabetes. To evaluate the effects of the consumption of milk and dairy products, we performed a randomized dietary intervention trial for 24 wk in Japanese men, aged 20 to 60 y, with 2 or more components of the metabolic syndrome ( CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: UMIN000006353). Subjects were randomized to a control group (n=98) that received dietary intervention focused on weight control supervised by registered dietitians, and a dairy‐consumption group (n=102) that received both dietary intervention and regular home dairy delivery of 400 g/d for 24 wk. Co‐primary endpoints included waist circumference, blood pressure, fasting blood sugar (FBS), and serum lipids. The dietary intervention decreased energy intake from 2,150 to 1,850 kcal/d in both groups (p<0.01). Mean rates of compliance with the dairy‐consumption intervention were over 90%, resulting in increased calcium intake in the dairy‐consumption group from 329 to 667 mg/d (p<0.01). Co‐primary endpoints improved in both groups, but the degree of improvement was smaller in the dairy‐consumption group (one‐sided p=0.99). Subgroup analyses specified in the study protocol identified weight and leisure‐time physical activity (LTPA) as significant effect modifiers. Differences in changes in systolic blood pressure compared with the control group were 28.0 mmHg (95% CI, 214.0 to 21.9, interaction$$$ p<0.01) in the normal weight group and 25.8 mmHg (211.4 to 20.2, interaction$$$ p=0.02) in the moderate‐to‐high LTPA group, indicating lower systolic blood pressure in the dairy‐consumption group among participants in these subgroups. In conclusion, although effects on the co‐primary endpoints of dairy consumption were not shown, dairy consumption lowered systolic blood pressure in the subgroups with normal weight and moderate‐to‐high LTPA and lowered FBS in the subgroup with normal weight.
An examination of the impact of unmelted, melted, and deconstructed cheese on lipid metabolism: a 6-week randomised trial$$$ Background: Evidence suggests cheese has a favourable or neutral effect on cardiometabolic health, compared to butter. To date, studies have only considered the cheese matrix in its unmelted form, while the effect of melted cheese remains unknown. Objective: To test the effect of 6‐week daily consumption of ∼40 g dairy fat, eaten in either as unmelted cheese, melted cheese, or in a fully deconstructed form, on markers of metabolic health in overweight adults aged ≥50 years of age. Design: A 6‐week randomised parallel intervention, where 162 participants (43.3% male) received ∼40 g of dairy fat per day, in 1 of 3 treatments: (A) 120 g full‐fat Irish grass‐fed cheddar cheese, eaten in unmelted form (n 58)$$$ (B) 120 g full‐fat Irish grass‐fed cheddar cheese eaten in melted form (n 53)$$$ or (C) the equivalent components$$$ butter (49 g), calcium caseinate powder (30 g), and Ca supplement (CaCO3$$$ 500 mg) (n 51). Results: There was no difference in weight, fasting glucose, or insulin between the groups post‐intervention. Melted cheese, compared to unmelted cheese, increased total cholesterol (0.23 ± 0.79 mmol L‐1vs. 0.02 ± 0.67 mmol L‐1, P = 0.008) and triglyceride concentrations (0.17 ± 0.39 mmol L‐1vs. 0.00 ± 0.42 mmol L‐1, P = 0.016). Melted cheese increased total cholesterol concentrations by 0.20 ± 0.15 mmol L‐1 and triglyceride concentrations by 0.17 ± 0.08 mmol L‐1 compared to unmelted cheese. No significant differences were observed between the cheese forms for change in HDL, LDL or VLDL cholesterol. Conclusion: Compared to unmelted cheese, melted cheese was found to increase total cholesterol and triglyceride concentrations in middle‐aged, overweight adults with no effect on weight or glycaemic control.
A walnut-containing meal had similar effects on early satiety, CCK, and PYY, but attenuated the postprandial GLP-1 and insulin response compared to a nut-free control meal$$$ Regular nut consumption is associated with lower adiposity and reduced weight gain in adulthood. Walnut feeding studies have observed minimal effect on body weight despite potential additional energy intake. Several mechanisms may explain why consuming nuts promotes weight control, including increased early phase satiety, possibly reflected in postprandial response of gastrointestinal and pancreatic peptides hypothesized to affect appetite. The purpose of this study was to compare postprandial insulin, glucagon and gastrointestinal peptide response and satiety following a meal with 54% of energy from walnuts or cream cheese, using a within‐subject crossover study design in overweight/obese adults (N = 28). Sixty minutes after the walnut‐containing meal, glucagon‐like peptide‐1 was lower than after the reference meal (p=0.0433), and peptide YY, cholecystokinin and ghrelin did not differ after the two meals. Sixty and 120 min after the walnut‐containing meal, pancreatic polypeptide (p = 0.0014 and p = 0.0002) and glucose‐dependent insulinotropic peptide (p < 0.0001 and p = 0.0079) were lower than after the reference meal, and 120 min after the walnut‐containing meal, glucagon was higher (p=0.0069). Insulin and C‐peptide increased at 60 min in response to both meals but were lower at 120 min after the walnut‐containing meal (p=0.0349 and 0.0237, respectively). Satiety measures were similar after both meals. These findings fail to support the hypothesis that acute postprandial gastrointestinal peptide response to a walnut‐containing meal contributes to increased satiety. However, inclusion of walnuts attenuated the postprandial insulin response, which may contribute to the more favorable lipid profile observed in association with regular walnut consumption. Copyright © 2017 The Authors
Daily consumption effects of probiotic yogurt containing Lactobacillus acidophilus La5 and Bifidobacterium lactis Bb12 on oxidative stress in metabolic syndrome patients$$$ Background and aims: Available evidence substantiates a strong association between metabolic syndrome and elevated oxidative stress. This study was aimed to assess the effects of probiotic yogurt containing Lactobacillus acidophilus La5 and Bifidobacterium lactis Bb12 on the oxidative stress biomarkers in patients with metabolic syndrome. Furthermore, the association between uric acid levels and insulin resistance indexes was assessed. Methods: An 8‐week randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, parallel study was designed. Forty‐four patients, 22 males and 22 females aged 20–65 years, were assigned into two groups. Treatment (n = 22) and control (n = 22) groups consumed 300 g/d of probiotic and regular yogurt, respectively. The serum concentration of uric acid, oxidized Low‐Density Lipoprotein (oxLDL), Malondialdehyde (MDA) and Total Antioxidant Capacity (TAC) were measured at the beginning and the end of the trial. This study was recorded at http://www.irct.ir (code: IRCT201608213140N17). Results: Probiotic yogurt consumption resulted in a significant decrease in the level of serum uric acid and a significant increase in the level of TAC (p < 0.05). A positive significant association between uric acid with insulin concentration and the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA‐IR) and an inverse significant relationship with insulin sensitivity (Quicki) were also found (p < 0.05). Conclusion: Probiotic yogurt consumption through improvement in insulin sensitivity may exert positive effects on the oxidative stress and uric acid levels. However, further studies are needed to make concise conclusions.
The influence of selenium-enriched milk proteins and selenium yeast on plasma selenium levels and rectal selenoprotein gene expression in human subjects$$$ Certain forms of dietary Se may have advantages for improving human Se status and regulating the risk for disease, such as cancers, including colorectal cancer (CRC). The present study compared the effects of a Se‐enriched milk protein (dairy‐Se) with a Se‐rich yeast (yeast‐Se) on plasma Se levels and rectal selenoprotein gene expression since we reasoned that if these genes were not regulated, there was little potential for regulating the risk for CRC in this organ. A total of twenty‐three healthy volunteers with plasma Se in the lower half of the population range were supplemented with dairy‐Se (150 μg/d) or yeast‐Se (150 μg/d) for 6 weeks, followed by 6 weeks of washout period. Blood was sampled every 2 weeks, and rectal biopsies were obtained before and after Se supplementation and after the washout period. Plasma Se levels and glutathione peroxidase (GPx) activity, and rectal mRNA of selenoprotein P (SeP), cytosolic GPx‐1 (GPx‐1), gastrointestinal GPx‐2 (GPx‐2) and thioredoxin reductase‐1 (TrxR‐1) were measured. Plasma Se levels increased rapidly in both Se groups (P < 0·001)$$$ plasma GPx activity was not significantly changed. Rectal SeP mRNA increased at 6 weeks compared with baseline in both Se groups (P < 0·05)$$$ only dairy‐Se resulted in a sustained elevation of SeP after the washout period (P < 0·05). Rectal GPx‐1 and GPx‐2 mRNA were higher with dairy‐Se (P < 0·05) than with yeast‐Se at 6 weeks. In conclusion, three rectal selenoprotein mRNA were differentially regulated by dairy‐Se and yeast‐Se. Changes in rectal selenoproteins are not predicted by changes in plasma Se$$$ dairy‐Se effectively regulates the expression of several rectal selenoproteins of relevance to the risk for CRC.
The effect of daily fortified yogurt consumption on weight loss in adults with metabolic syndrome: a 10-week randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Obesity is a complex and multifaceted condition. Thus, functional foods need investigation as novel adjunct treatments for obesity. The objective was to determine the effects of daily consumption of a fortified yogurt (FY) on weight loss in overweight and obese patients with metabolic syndrome on a caloric‐restricted diet. METHODS AND RESULTS: This was a randomized, double‐blind, 10‐week study. Participants were randomly allocated to two groups receiving either two servings (2 × 250 g)/day of FY with whey protein, calcium, vitamin D, prebiotic fibre and probiotic cultures (n = 44) or a low‐fat plain yogurt (PY) (n = 43). All participants were put on a calorie‐restricted diet throughout the 10‐week study. Body composition and biochemical indices were assessed before and after the intervention. Body mass decreased by 4.3 ± 1.9 kg and 5.1 ± 3.0 kg in the PY and FY groups, respectively, following the 10‐week intervention. Compared to PY, consumption of FY resulted in a significant reduction in body fat mass (FM) (p = 0.023), body fat percentage (p = 0.028), waist circumference (p = 0.002), homoeostasis model of assessment‐insulin resistance (HOMA‐IR) (p = 0.025), triglyceride concentration (p = 0.003), and a significant increase in total 25‐hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) concentration (p < 0.001), high density lipoprotein‐cholesterol (HDL‐C) (p = 0.009) and quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI) (0.022). Participants consuming the FY lost less fat‐free mass (FFM) compared to the PY group (Δ = ‐0.9 ± 3.5 kg vs. Δ = ‐2.0 ± 2.7 kg$$$ p = 0.025). CONCLUSIONS: Consuming FY for 10‐weeks improved body composition and metabolic parameters, while on a caloric‐restricted diet. Further research is needed to elucidate whether FY can be used as a preventative strategy for metabolic syndrome in obese persons. TRIAL REGISTRATION: www.irct.ir (IRCT2017050633836N1).
Milk Powder Co-Supplemented with Inulin and Resistant Dextrin Improves Glycemic Control and Insulin Resistance in Elderly Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: a 12-Week Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial$$$ SCOPE: The objective of the present study is to evaluate the effects of milk powder co‐supplemented with inulin and resistant dextrin (MPCIR) on elderly patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). METHODS AND RESULTS: A randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled clinical trial is carried out among elderly T2DM patients. The subjects recruited from the community are randomly assigned to either the MPCIR group or placebo group for 12 weeks intervention. Each group receives 45 g milk powder with or without inulin and resistant dextrin. Anthropometric and metabolic variables are measured. For the MPCIR group, systolic blood pressure (BP) and diastolic BP are reduced significantly by 5.45 and 4.56 mm Hg (p < 0.001, vs placebo group), respectively. Compared with the placebo group, the fasting and 2‐h postprandial plasma glucose levels, glycosylated serum protein, and insulin resistance index of the MPCIR group are significantly decreased by 0.96 mmol L‐1 , 1.47 mmol L‐1 , 16.33 μmol L‐1 , and 0.65 respectively (p < 0.001). The MPCIR group shows an increase by 7.09 μIU mL‐1 and 20.43 in 2‐h postprandial insulin (p = 0.016) and β‐cell function index (p < 0.001), respectively. CONCLUSION: MPCIR supplementation helps to improve glycemic control, insulin resistance, and blood pressure.
The effects of aspartame versus sucrose on motivational ratings, taste preferences, and energy intakes in obese and lean women$$$ This study examined the effects of four breakfast preloads of different sweetness and energy content on motivational ratings, taste preferences, and energy intakes of 12 obese and 12 lean women. The preloads consisted of creamy white cheese (fromage blanc) and were either plain, sweetened with sucrose or aspartame, or sweetened with aspartame and supplemented with maltodextrin. Their energy content was either 300 kcal (1,255 kJ) or 700 kcal (2,929 kJ). Motivational ratings of hunger and the desire to eat were obtained prior to and at 30 min intervals after breakfast. Taste preferences were measured prior to and 150 min after breakfast. The subjects ate buffet‐style lunch, snack, and dinner meals in the laboratory. Obese women consumed significantly more energy at meals (2,596 kcal or 10,862 kJ) than did lean women (1,484 kcal or 6,209 kJ)$$$ derived a greater proportion of energy from fat (39.9% vs. 35.5%), and had lower dietary carbohydrate‐to‐fat ratios. Consumption of low‐energy as opposed to high‐energy breakfast preloads was associated with elevated motivational ratings by noon. However, energy intakes at lunch, snack, or dinner did not vary as a function of preload type, and no compensation was observed for the energy consumed at breakfast. Taste preferences were not affected by preload ingestion or by preload type. The study provided no evidence that aspartame promotes hunger or results in increased energy intakes in obese or in lean women.
Improved food intake and reduced nausea and vomiting in patients given a restricted diet while receiving cisplatin chemotherapy$$$ Administration of cisplatin alone or in combination with other cytotoxic agents commonly produces intractable nausea and vomiting, which is currently controlled through high‐dose antiemetic drugs. However, patients often refuse continued therapy because of suboptimal control of nausea and vomiting and substantial decline in nutritional status. In this pilot study, 19 patients receiving cisplatin were evaluated for nausea and vomiting, amount of food intake, and subjective assessment of well‐being. The study group received a colorless, odorless, predetermined meal three times daily$$$ the meal included cottage cheese, apple sauce, vanilla ice cream, and other selected foods. Control‐group patients selected their own meal. Study‐group patients exhibited higher overall food intake, decreased nausea and vomiting, and a higher scored estimation of well‐being. The findings of this preliminary study indicate that the study diet helps provide nutrition care to cancer patients receiving cisplatin chemotherapy and helps create an atmosphere where the patient believes he or she has some control in the treatment outcome.
Piece-Meal: food is more filling when cut into pieces$$$ We wished to examine whether cutting food into several pieces led to its being rated as more filling. Satiety is driven by psychological, as well as physiological, factors (Wansink 2007$$$ Redden and Galak 2013). If people think they ate a more substantial meal, they feel fuller (Wansink et al. 2010). Perceived quantity can influence psychological satiety (Redden and Galak 2013$$$ Wansink 2007$$$ Tal and Wansink 2014). Here, we wish to examine whether increasing the number of units in a meal by cutting a bagel into pieces increases reported satiety. Participants (N = 43) completed the study for credit in a behavioral lab. They were randomly assigned to one of three groups. The study was run in the afternoon. Groups alternated every half hour. All groups were served a mini‐bagel (approximately 42.5 grams) with cream cheese. One group received the bagel whole. The other two groups received the bagel cut into four pieces. For one of those group, the bagel pieces were kept together. For the other, the pieces were spread apart. Participants were instructed to eat the bagel in its entirety. They then reported on fullness on measures of hunger, fullness, and satiation, all reported on 9‐point likert scales, added up to a summary satiety score. Measures were taken pre and post consumption, allowing calculation of increase/decrease in satiation as our dependent measure. A follow‐up replication was conducted with a larger sample (N = 72). In the replication study, we examined moderation by liking for bagels, measured on a 9‐ point likert scale. Satiety increased the most for the pieces‐together condition (4.77). Whole bagel participants had the second highest increase in satiety (3.75), while those with the pieces apart reported the lowest increase in satiety (2.18). The effect was significant at a .04: F(2, 41) = 3.26. In the replication study, the effect of condition was significant at a .02 level: F (2, 64) = 4.21. Those in the 4‐pieces condition reported a higher increase in satiety (3.29) relative to eating the bagel whole (2.63). Once again, bagel cut into four spread pieces led to the lowest increases in satiety (1.72). There was also a marginally significant interaction of liking and condition: F(2, 64) = 3.02, p = .056, with those expressing greater liking displaying weaker effects. Food is perceived as more filling when divided into several pieces. Spreading the food apart mitigates the effect. This is likely because food volume appears lower when spread out, creating an overall appearance of a smaller serving. This provides evidence that it is the number of units, rather than the filling of the plate (Wadhera et al. 2012), that leads to increased satiety. Cutting food to pieces can help consumers feel fuller with similar amounts of food. Knowledge of this effect can thus help reduce overeating and consequent obesity.
Effects of short-chain fructooligosaccharides on satiety responses in healthy men and women$$$ In view of a dramatic increase in the incidence of obesity, the present study examined the appetite effects of a functional fiber as a potential dietary intervention. Fiber may increase satiety. Satiety effects also may be linked to colonic fermentation. Short‐chain fructooligosaccharide (scFOS) are fermentable fibers that can be added to foods to influence these actions. The primary objective of this study was to determine if scFOS affects satiety and hunger and has an additive effect on food intake. Using a double‐blind crossover design, 20 healthy subjects were assigned to consume two separate doses of 0 g, 5 g, or 8 g of scFOS. The first dose was mixed into a hot cocoa beverage and served with a breakfast meal of a bagel and cream cheese. A beverage was used in the test meal due to the ease with which scFOS can be added to this medium. Satiety was assessed with visual analogue scales (VASs) at 0, 15, 30, 45, 60, 90, 120, 180, and 240 min. Ad libitum food intake was measured at a lunch meal provided at the test site at 240 min. Subjects then recorded their food intake over the remainder of the 24‐h study day. The second dose of scFOS was consumed in the form of 3 solid, chocolate‐flavored chews (51‐67 total kcal) without additional food or drink, 2h prior to the subject's dinner meal. Breath hydrogen measures were collected prior to the breakfast test meal (0 min) and the ad libitum lunch (240 min). Gastrointestinal tolerance was evaluated over the course of the 24‐h study day using VAS. All treatments were well tolerated. No differences in subjective satiety over the morning, or food intake at lunch, were found. Over the remainder of the day, the high dose of scFOS reduced food intake in women, but increased food intake in men, suggesting a gender difference in the longer‐term response. Breath hydrogen, used as a marker of fermentation, increased in a dose‐dependent manner. These results indicate that scFOS undergoes fermentation within 240 min$$$ however, acceptable amounts of scFOS did not enhance acute satiety or hunger.
Pre-meal low-fat yogurt consumption reduces postprandial hyperglycemia and IL-6 in apparently healthy obese women$$$ We hypothesized that pre‐meal low‐fat yogurt consumption would reduce postprandial inflammation by improving intestinal barrier function and glycemic responses in lean and obese women. Lean and otherwise healthy obese premenopausal women (18.5‐27 vs. 30‐40 kg/m2) were randomized to consume 12 oz low‐fat yogurt (YL, yogurt lean$$$ YO, yogurt obese) or soy pudding (CL, control lean$$$ CO, control obese$$$ n = 30/group) for 9 wk while maintaining their usual energy intake. At wk 0 and 9, participants ingested 8 oz yogurt or soy pudding immediately prior to a high‐fat, high‐carbohydrate challenge meal. Plasma concentrations of lipopolysaccharide‐binding protein (LBP), soluble CD14 (sCD14), interleukin 6 (IL‐6), glucose, triglyceride (TG), and insulin were measured at hourly intervals to 4 h postprandially. At baseline, obese women had higher fasting plasma LBP, LBP/sCD14 ratio, IL‐6, glucose, TG, and insulin than lean women. Postprandial LBP/sCD14 ratio, a marker of impaired intestinal barrier function, increased by an average of 10% in CO within 2 h, but was unaltered by the challenge meal in YO. At 4 h postprandially, IL‐6 increased by 80% in CO and 34% in YO. At 1 h postprandially, CO plasma glucose increased by 16%, but was unchanged in YO. In lean individual, postprandial glucose decreased by 14‐21% in CL compared to 8% ‐ 13% in YL within 2 h. YL also tended to have less postprandial insulin over‐secretion than CL as indicated by the smaller area under the curve of postprandial insulin, while postprandial insulin was similar in YO and CO. Consumption of 12 oz yogurt daily for 9 wk did not further improve the beneficial effects of yogurt on selected biomarkers of postprandial response. In conclusion, yogurt consumption before a high‐fat, high‐calorie challenge meal improved biomarkers of intestinal barrier function and reduced postprandial IL‐6 in obese participants. Yogurt consumption also improved the glycemic responses in both lean and obese women.
Effects of meal palatability on postprandial sensations$$$ BACKGROUND: Food palatability has been shown to influence satiation and meal consumption$$$ our aim was to determine its effects on postprandial satisfaction, ie digestive well‐being (primary outcome), and homeostatic sensations (satiety, fullness). METHODS: Randomized, cross‐over trial comparing the postprandial responses to conventional (potato‐cheese cream followed by vanilla cream) vs unconventional test meals (mixture of both creams) with identical composition and physical characteristics (color, texture, consistency, temperature) but distinctively different palatability. In 22 non‐obese healthy men sensations were measured on 10 cm scales before and during the 60‐min postprandial period (‐5 to +5 score scales for palatability, satiety, well‐being, and mood, and 0‐10 score scales for fullness and discomfort). Comparisons between meals were performed with a 2‐way repeated measures ANCOVA with premeal data as co‐variate. KEY RESULTS: As compared to the palatable conventional meal, the unconventional meal was rated unpalatable (‐1.8 ± 0.4 score vs 2.8 ± 0.1 score potato cream and 2.9 ± 0.2 vanilla cream$$$ P < .001 for both), induced significantly more fullness sensation [meal effect F (1, 19) = 7.389$$$ P = .014] but had less effect on digestive well‐being [meal effect F (1, 19) = 47.016$$$ P < .001] and mood [meal‐effect F (1, 19) = 6.609$$$ P = .019]. The difference in satiety was not significantly different. CONCLUSION & INFERENCES: Meal palatability influences the postprandial experience: it bears a direct relation to the hedonic response (well‐being/mood) but an inverse relation to homeostatic sensations (fullness). These relations could be applicable to influence eating behavior, because at equal conditions, more palatable meals induce less fullness but more satisfaction, and vice‐versa.
Cocoa, hazelnuts, sterols and soluble fiber cream reduces lipids and inflammation biomarkers in hypertensive patients: a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Cocoa, mixed with other food ingredients, intake can have beneficial effects on cardiovascular disease (CVD) biomarkers. We compared the effects of 4 cocoa cream products on some of these biomarkers. METHODS AND FINDINGS: In this multi‐centered, randomized, controlled, double‐blind, parallel trial, volunteers (n = 113$$$ age range: 43‐65 years) who were pre‐hypertensive, stage‐1 hypertensive and hypercholesterolemic received one of 4 cocoa cream products (13 g/unit$$$ 1 g cocoa/unit, 6 units/d$$$ 465 Kcal/d) added to a low saturated fat diet for 4 weeks. The groups were: A) (n = 28), cocoa cream considered as control$$$ B) (n = 28), cocoa+hazelnut cream (30 g/d hazelnuts)$$$ C) (n = 30), cocoa+hazelnuts+phytosterols (2 g/d)$$$ and D) (n = 27), cocoa+hazelnuts+phytosterols+soluble fiber (20 g/d) the patented "LMN product". Primary outcome measures were BP, LDL‐c, apolipoprotein B‐100 (Apo B), ApoB/ApoA ratio, oxidized LDL (oxLDL) and high‐sensitive C‐reactive protein (hsCRP) determined at baseline and post‐cocoa cream product intake. Statistical analysis used was ANCOVA or mixed models (in case of repeated measurements), with baseline observation included as a covariate. After 4 weeks, compared to product A, product C reduced LDL‐c by 11.2%, Apo B by 8.1% and ApoB/ApoA ratio by 7.8% (P = 0.01). LMN decreased LDL‐c by 9.2%, Apo B‐100 by 8.5%, ApoB/ApoA ratio by 10.5%, hsCRP by 33.4% and oxLDL by 5.9% (P = 0.01). Surprisingly, even "control" product A reduced systolic BP (‐7.89 mmHg$$$ 95%CI: ‐11.45 to ‐4.3) and diastolic BP (‐5.54 mmHg$$$ 95%CI: ‐7.79 to ‐3.29). The BP reductions were similar with the other 3 products. Limitations of the study are that the trial period was relatively short and that a better "BP control" product would have been preferable. CONCLUSION: The creams (particularly the LMN) have anti‐inflammatory and antioxidant effects in addition to lowering LDL‐c, Apo B and ApoB/ApoA ratio. Thus, the soluble fiber effects amplified with sterols (as contained in the cocoa creams) provide new dietary therapeutic perspectives. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Clinicaltrials.gov NCT00511420.
Cocoa, hazelnuts, sterols and soluble fiber cream reduces lipids and inflammation biomarkers in hypertensive patients: a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Cocoa, mixed with other food ingredients, intake can have beneficial effects on cardiovascular disease (CVD) biomarkers. We compared the effects of 4 cocoa cream products on some of these biomarkers. METHODS AND FINDINGS: In this multi‐centered, randomized, controlled, double‐blind, parallel trial, volunteers (n = 113$$$ age range: 43‐65 years) who were pre‐hypertensive, stage‐1 hypertensive and hypercholesterolemic received one of 4 cocoa cream products (13 g/unit$$$ 1 g cocoa/unit, 6 units/d$$$ 465 Kcal/d) added to a low saturated fat diet for 4 weeks. The groups were: A) (n = 28), cocoa cream considered as control$$$ B) (n = 28), cocoa+hazelnut cream (30 g/d hazelnuts)$$$ C) (n = 30), cocoa+hazelnuts+phytosterols (2 g/d)$$$ and D) (n = 27), cocoa+hazelnuts+phytosterols+soluble fiber (20 g/d) the patented "LMN product". Primary outcome measures were BP, LDL‐c, apolipoprotein B‐100 (Apo B), ApoB/ApoA ratio, oxidized LDL (oxLDL) and high‐sensitive C‐reactive protein (hsCRP) determined at baseline and post‐cocoa cream product intake. Statistical analysis used was ANCOVA or mixed models (in case of repeated measurements), with baseline observation included as a covariate. After 4 weeks, compared to product A, product C reduced LDL‐c by 11.2%, Apo B by 8.1% and ApoB/ApoA ratio by 7.8% (P = 0.01). LMN decreased LDL‐c by 9.2%, Apo B‐100 by 8.5%, ApoB/ApoA ratio by 10.5%, hsCRP by 33.4% and oxLDL by 5.9% (P = 0.01). Surprisingly, even "control" product A reduced systolic BP (‐7.89 mmHg$$$ 95%CI: ‐11.45 to ‐4.3) and diastolic BP (‐5.54 mmHg$$$ 95%CI: ‐7.79 to ‐3.29). The BP reductions were similar with the other 3 products. Limitations of the study are that the trial period was relatively short and that a better "BP control" product would have been preferable. CONCLUSION: The creams (particularly the LMN) have anti‐inflammatory and antioxidant effects in addition to lowering LDL‐c, Apo B and ApoB/ApoA ratio. Thus, the soluble fiber effects amplified with sterols (as contained in the cocoa creams) provide new dietary therapeutic perspectives. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Clinicaltrials.gov NCT00511420.
Effect of a novel functional tomato sauce (OsteoCol) from vine-ripened tomatoes on serum lipids in individuals with common hypercholesterolemia: tomato sauce and hypercholesterolemia$$$ BACKGROUND: Most studies focused on the benefits of lycopene on serum lipids but no studies have been specifically designed to assess the role of a tomato sauce from vine‐ripened tomatoes on patients affected by polygenic hypercholesterolemia. The aim of this study was to compare the lipid‐lowering effect of a novel functional tomato sauce with a well‐known functional food with a lipid‐lowering effect, i.e. a sterol‐enriched yogurt. METHODS: In this cross‐over study, we evaluated a population of 108 ambulatory patients affected by polygenic hypercholesterolemia of both gender, who were allocated to a tomato sauce (namely OsteoCol) 150 ml/day or a sterol‐enriched yogurt (containing sterols 1.6 g/die) treatment, for 6 weeks. Carotenoids content was 3.5 mg per gram of product. We measured serum lipids and creatinine and transaminases at basal and follow‐up visit. RESULTS: A total of 91 subjects completed the protocol. A significant difference in LDL‐cholesterol change was found between participants taking yogurt, tomato sauce (high adherence) and tomato sauce (low adherence) (‐ 16$$$ ‐ 12$$$ + 8 mg/dl respectively$$$ p < 0.001). We found a greater LDL‐cholesterol reduction in the participants with a basal LDL‐cholesterol more than 152 mg/dl (15% for sterol‐enriched yogurt and 12% for tomato sauce at high adherence). CONCLUSION: A novel functional tomato sauce from vine‐ripened tomatoes compares favourably with a commercialised sterol‐enriched yogurt in term of absolute LDL‐cholesterol change. Intake of a tomato sauce with a high carotenoid content may support treatment of patients affected by common hypercholesterolemia. The present study has various limitations. The presence of other dietary components, which may have influenced the results, cannot be ruled out. Of course, these results cannot be extrapolated to other populations. Furthermore, there was a low adherence rate in the tomato sauce group. Moreover, we did not report serum carotenoids data. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ID: 13244115 on the ISRCTN registry, retrospectively registered in 2019‐5‐14. URL: http://www.isrctn.com/ISRCTN13244115.
Efficacy of yogurt drink with added plant stanol esters (Benecol®, Colanta) in reducing total and LDL cholesterol in subjects with moderate hypercholesterolemia: a randomized placebo-controlled crossover trial NCT01461798$$$ BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular diseases have become the leading cause of death from chronic diseases in the world. Main risk factors include hypercholesterolemia, which is caused in most cases by a high saturated fat diet. Plant stanol esters partly block cholesterol absorption in the digestive tract and thereby reduce total cholesterol and low‐density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol serum levels. Based on epidemiological data, a 10 percent reduction of LDL cholesterol leads to a 20 percent decrease in the coronary heart disease risk throughout life. The aim of this study was to evaluate the efficacy of yogurt drink with added plant stanol esters (Benecol® yogurt drink) in higher doses than the typically used (2g/d stanols), in lowering blood lipids in moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects. METHODS: A randomized double‐blind crossover, placebo‐controlled study in moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects (n = 40) aged between 20 and 50 years old. RESULTS: Yogurt drink with added plant stanols (4 g) as esters (Benecol®, Colanta) consumption compared to regular yogurt drink caused a statistically significant decrease in total cholesterol and low density lipoprotein cholesterol by 7.2% and 10.3%. During the two periods and compared to controls, high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglycerides were not significantly different. CONCLUSIONS: Yogurt drink with an active ingredient in Benecol®, plant stanol esters, reduced total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol in moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects. TRIAL REGISTRATION: NCT01461798.
Plant sterols-enriched diet decreases small, dense LDL-cholesterol levels in children with hypercholesterolemia: a prospective study$$$ BACKGROUND: Small dense low density lipoprotein‐cholesterol (sdLDL‐C) molecules are more atherogenic compared with large buoyant ones. Phytosterols‐enriched diets are effective in decreasing total cholesterol (TC) and low density lipoprotein‐cholesterol (LDL‐C) concentrations in hyperlipidemic children without significant adverse effects. Limited data on the impact of such a diet on sdLDL‐C levels is available in adults while there are no reports concerning children. The purpose of this study is to prospectively evaluate the effect of the daily consumption of 2 g of plant sterols on sdLDL‐C levels in children with hypercholesterolemia. METHODS: Fifty‐nine children, 25 with LDL‐C ≥ 3.4 mmol/l (130 mg/dl) and 34 with LDL‐C < 3.4 mmol/l, aged 4.5‐15.9 years, were included in the study. A yogurt‐drink enriched with 2 g of plant sterols was added to the daily diet of hypercholesterolemic children and 6‐12 months later lipid profiles were reassessed. Direct quantitative methods were used to measure LDL‐C and sdLDL‐C levels. RESULTS: The consumption of plant sterols reduced sdLDL‐C significantly (p < 0.001), but levels remained higher compared with controls (p < 0.001). TC, LDL‐C, non high density lipoprotein‐cholesterol (NonHDL‐C) and apolipoprotein B (ApoB) levels also decreased significantly (p < 0.05). The median reduction of sdLDL‐C and LDL‐C was 16.6% and 13%, respectively. These variables decreased >10% in sixteen children (64%), independently from baseline levels, sex, age and body mass index (BMI). High density lipoprotein‐cholesterol (HDL‐C), lipoprotein a [Lp(a)], and triglycerides (TGs) levels remained unaffected. CONCLUSIONS: Plant sterols decrease sdLDL‐C significantly and may be beneficial for children with hypercholesterolemia.
To analyse the effect of topical application of urea based cream on hand foot skin reaction (which is a side effect) caused by sunitinb in cancer patients$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Urea Cream: Topical application of Urea cream (10%) on both hand and foot twice daily for a period of 4 weeks with the start of sunitinib cycle Intervention2: Urea Cream: Topical pretreatment of urea (10%) for 4 weeks after initiation of sunitinib therapy Control Intervention1: Placebo Cream (with out urea): Topical application of Placebo cream on both hand and foot twice daily for a period of 4 weeks with the start of sunitinib cycle CONDITION: Malignant neoplasm of unspecifiedkidney, except renal pelvis PRIMARY OUTCOME: Primary Outcome Measures: Evidence of Hand foot skin reaction during the time frame of the study ‐4 weeks using following parameters $$$ a. Incidence of hand foot skin reaction $$$ Timepoint: 4 week SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary Outcome Measures: Evidence of Hand foot skin reaction during the time frame of the study ‐4 weeks using following parameters $$$ a) Severity of hand foot skin reaction (I, II or III) $$$ b) Average time to the incidence of Hand foot skin reactions $$$ c) Need for sunitinib dose modification or stoppage $$$ d) Drug levels of sunitinib and its metabolite N‐desethyl sunitinib (SU12662) $$$ e) Genetic polymorphism of VEGFR2 $$$ Timepoint: 4 weeks INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1.Patients of either gender with age Ã¢?Â¥ 18 years 2.Patients already diagnosed of cancer (Renal cell carcinoma, Gastrointestinal stromal tumour, Pancreatic neuroendocrine tumor) and were given sunitinib 3.Patients who had hand foot skin reaction to sunitinib in the previous cycle 4.Patient willing to avoid pregnancy during the study period 5.Patients must have the ability to understand and be willing to sign a written informed consent document prior to registration in the study.
Evaluation of safety and tolerance of microencapsulated Lactobacillus reuteri NCIMB 30242 in a yogurt formulation: a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind study$$$ Probiotic organisms have shown promise in treating diseases. Previously, we have reported on the efficacy of microencapsulated Lactobacillus reuteri NCIMB 30242 in a yogurt formulation at lowering serum cholesterol levels in otherwise healthy hypercholesterolemic adults. This study investigates the safety and toxicology of oral ingestion of microencapsulated L. reuteri NCIMB 30242 in a yogurt formulation. A randomized group of 120 subjects received a dose of 5 × 10(10) CFU microencapsulated L. reuteri NCIMB 30242 in yogurt (n=59) or placebo yogurt (n=61) twice/day for 6 weeks. Clinical chemistry and hematological parameters of safety were analyzed. Fecal samples were collected at these time points for the analysis of deconjugated bile acids. The frequency, duration and intensity of adverse events (AEs) and clinical significance of safety parameters were recorded for both groups. No clinically significant differences between the probiotic yogurt and placebo yogurt treated groups were detected in either the blood clinical chemistry or hematology results and there was no significant increase in fecal deconjugated bile acids (P>0.05) between treated and control groups. The frequency and intensity of AEs was similar in the two groups. These results demonstrate the safe use of this formulation in food.
Corn oil improves the plasma lipoprotein lipid profile compared with extra-virgin olive oil consumption in men and women with elevated cholesterol: results from a randomized controlled feeding trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Restricted intakes of saturated and trans‐fatty acids is emphasized in heart‐healthy diets, and replacement with poly‐ and monounsaturated fatty acids is encouraged. OBJECTIVE: To compare the effects of polyunsaturated fatty acid‐rich corn oil (CO) and monounsaturated fatty acid‐rich extra‐virgin olive oil (EVOO) on plasma lipids in men and women (N = 54) with fasting low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL‐C) >130 mg/dL and <200 mg/dL and triglycerides (TG) <350 mg/dL. METHODS: In a double‐blind, randomized, crossover design (21‐day treatments, 21‐day washout between), 4 tablespoons/day CO or EVOO were provided in 3 servings study product/day (muffin, roll, yogurt) as part of a weight‐maintenance diet ( 35% fat, <10% saturated fat, <300 mg cholesterol). Subjects ate breakfast at the clinic every weekday throughout the study. Lunches, dinners, and snacks (and breakfasts on weekends) were provided for consumption away from the clinic. RESULTS: Baseline mean (standard error) lipids in mg/dL were: LDL‐C 153.3 (3.5), total cholesterol (total‐C) 225.7 (3.9), non‐high‐density lipoprotein (non‐HDL)‐C 178.3 (3.7), HDL‐C 47.4 (1.7), total‐C/HDL‐C 5.0 (0.2), and TG 124.8 (7.2). CO resulted in significantly larger least‐squares mean % changes (all P < .001 vs EVOO) from baseline in LDL‐C ‐10.9 vs ‐3.5, total‐C ‐8.2 vs ‐1.8, non‐HDL‐C ‐9.3 vs ‐1.6, and total‐C/HDL‐C ‐4.4 vs 0.5. TG rose a smaller amount with CO, 3.5 vs 13.0% with EVOO (P = .007). HDL‐C responses were not significantly different between conditions (‐3.4 vs ‐1.7%). CONCLUSION: Consumption of CO in a weight‐maintenance, low saturated fat and cholesterol diet resulted in more favorable changes in LDL‐C and other atherogenic lipids vs EVOO.
Phytosterols supplementation decreases plasma small and dense LDL levels in metabolic syndrome patients on a westernized type diet$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Several studies have observed a hypocholesterolemic effect of plant sterols in hypercholesterolemic patients on a balanced diet. The aim of this study was to examine the effect of phytosterol supplementation on risk factors of coronary artery disease in metabolic syndrome patients on a Westernized type diet. METHODS AND RESULTS: In a randomized placebo‐controlled design 108 patients with metabolic syndrome were assigned to consume either 2 plant sterol‐enriched yogurt mini drink which provided 4 g phytosterols per day, or a yogurt beverage without phytosterols (control). The duration of the study was 2 months and the patients in both groups followed their habitual westernized type diet and recording it on food diaries. Blood samples were drawn at baseline and after 2 months of intervention. After 2 months supplementation with phytosterols, a significant reduction in total cholesterol, LDL‐cholesterol, small and dense LDL (sdLDL) levels, as well as, apoB and triglycerides concentrations were observed in the intervention group (P < 0.05) compared to the control group. In addition, phytosterol supplementation lowered serum total cholesterol by 15.9%, LDL‐cholesterol by 20.3% and triglyceride levels by 19.1% (P = 0.02, P < 0.001 and P < 0.001, respectively), although the patients kept their habitual westernized type diet. No differences were observed in HDL cholesterol, apoA1, glucose, C‐reactive protein, fibrinogen levels and blood pressure. CONCLUSIONS: Phytosterol supplementation improves risk factors of coronary artery disease even if the diet is a westernized type.
Plant stanol esters in low-fat yogurt reduces total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein oxidation in normocholesterolemic and mildly hypercholesterolemic subjects$$$ We examined the effects of plant stanol ester contained in low‐fat yogurt on serum lipids and low‐density lipoprotein (LDL) oxidation in Korean young adults with normocholesterolemia and mild hypercholesterolemia. After screening tests (fasting total cholesterol, 174 to 251 mg/dL$$$ and fasting triacylglycerols, <266 mg/dL), 51 subjects (28.7 ± 0.7 years, 22.6 ± 0.4 kg/m2) were included in the study and randomly assigned to a group receiving yogurt with either a plant stanol ester or a placebo. Four weeks' intake of plant stanol (2 g/d) as its fatty acid ester lowered total and LDL cholesterol levels by almost 6% and 10%, respectively, without affecting high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol and triacylglycerol concentrations. Plasma oxidized LDL was also reduced by 5.4% in the test group. Serum β‐carotene and retinol were unchanged in both groups$$$ however, lipid‐corrected serum α‐tocopherol was significantly increased in the test group (P < .05) We conclude that plant stanol ester contained in low‐fat yogurt may be effective in reducing total and LDL cholesterol and oxidized LDL level in a habitual diet without restriction of fat and cholesterol intake. Foods containing plant sterols or stanols might be a useful tool for normocholesterolemic and mildly hypercholesterolemic individuals to prevent more severe hypercholesterolemia and cardiovascular disease. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Long-term Effects of Plant Stanols on the Lipid Profile of Patients With Hypercholesterolemia. A Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ INTRODUCTION AND OBJECTIVES: Plant stanol consumption may improve long‐term cholesterol control. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the effectiveness of 2g/day of plant stanols in reducing low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol levels in patients with hypercholesterolemia. METHODS: This randomized, double‐blind, and placebo‐controlled study included 182 adults diagnosed with hypercholesterolemia. A yogurt drink containing 2g of plant stanols was administered to 91 participants in the intervention group$$$ 91 participants in the control group received unsupplemented yogurt. The primary end point was the change in the lipid profile at 12 months. RESULTS: Low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol levels at 12 months were significantly more reduced in the stanol intervention group than in the control group: 13.7 (95% confidence interval, 3.2‐24.1) mg/dL (P=.011). A reduction of more than 10% in low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol was achieved by a significantly higher proportion of participants in the intervention group (relative risk=1.7$$$ 95% confidence interval, 1.1‐2.7). In this group, the mean (standard deviation) level of low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol decreased by 11.0% (23.9%). CONCLUSIONS: Our results confirm that administration of plant stanols at a dosage of 2 g/day for 12 months significantly reduces (by slightly more than 10%) the concentrations of low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol in individuals with hypercholesterolemia. Trial registration (www.ClinicalTrials.gov): Current Controlled Trials NCT01406106.
Effect of Kluyveromyces marxianus YIT 8292 crude cell wall fraction on serum lipids in normocholesterolemic and mildly hypercholesterolemic subjects$$$ The hypocholesterolemic effects of Kluyveromyces marxianus YIT 8292 crude cell wall (KM‐CW) were examined. In pilot studies, KM‐CW tablets were administered to mildly hypercholesterolemic subjects at doses of 8.0, 4.0, 2.0, or 1.0 g/d for 4 weeks. Total cholesterol (TC) and low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL‐C) decreased at doses above 2.0 and 4.0 g/d, respectively. Further, we examined the effect of intake of yogurt containing 3.0 or 4.0 g of KM‐CW/d for 8 weeks in normal and hypercholesterolemic subjects in a double‐blind placebo‐controlled study. The intake of either of the KM‐CW‐containing yogurts was associated with significantly improved TC and LDL‐C in hypercholesterolemic subjects, but had no effect on these levels in normal subjects. TC was significantly lower at week 8 in the hypercholesterolemic subjects who ingested yogurt containing 3.0 or 4.0 g of KM‐CW than in those who consumed placebo yogurt. Intake of KM‐CW might contribute to the prevention of hypercholesterolemia.
A double-blind placebo-controlled study of the effects of Lactobacillus acidophilus on plasma lipids$$$ OBJECTIVE: To select a probiotic bacteria that would reduce serum lipids in hypercholesterolaemic volunteers. DESIGN: A strain of lactobacillus was selected for its ability to metabolise cholesterol under varying conditions in vitro. Freeze‐dried Lactobacillus acidophilus or placebo were then given in a double‐blind randomised crossover study to volunteers with high cholesterols. SUBJECTS: A total of 80 volunteers with elevated cholesterols. INTERVENTIONS: Volunteers were randomly allocated to receive either two capsules containing freeze‐dried L. acidophilus 3 x 10(10) CFU or placebo three times a day for 6 weeks. After a 6‐week washout period, volunteers were crossed over to another 6 weeks of capsules. Serum lipids were measured at the beginning and end of each interventional period. RESULTS: L. acidophilus was able to reduce cholesterol and survive in an acid and bile environment. No changes in anthropomorphic measurements or in dietary records were seen between the baseline and final records or between the two sets of baseline records. There were no changes in serum lipids seen throughout the study. CONCLUSION: Despite the ability in vitro for L. acidophilus to reduce cholesterol, no effect was seen in volunteers.
Skim milk as a recovery beverage after exercise is superior to a sports drink for reducing next-day postprandial blood glucose and increasing postprandial fat oxidation$$$ We determined the effect of consuming low–glycemic index (LGI) skim milk compared to a high–glycemic index (HGI) sports drink following evening exercise on fat oxidation and blood lipids after a subsequent high‐energy breakfast. We hypothesized that postexercise skim milk consumption, compared to sports drink, would increase fat oxidation and lower harmful blood lipid and glucose concentrations after a next‐day high‐energy breakfast. In this randomized counterbalanced crossover trial, 20 overweight‐obese participants (body mass index ≥ 25 kg/m2) underwent 4 conditions: 90‐minute exercise (50% VO2peak) followed by sports drink (EX‐HGI), exercise followed by isoenergetic skim milk (EX‐LGI), exercise followed by water (Exercise), and a control condition (Control). The amount of the sports drink or milk consumed postexercise was based on the energy used during exercise plus 10%. Blood lipids, glucose, and fat oxidation were assessed before and for 6 hours after a high‐energy breakfast the next morning. Fat oxidation was highest for EX‐LGI (6.7 ± 2.7 g/h) and lowest for EX‐HGI (6.0 ± 1.8 g/h) (condition main effect$$$ P =.042). Triglyceride concentration and total area under the curve were higher with EX‐HGI than Exercise (1.7 ± 1.6 vs 1.3 ± 1.0 mmol/L, P =.037, and 11.7 ± 9.4 vs 8.6 ± 6.0 mmol L−1 h, P =.005, respectively). Glucose concentration was lower with EX‐LGI than EX‐HGI (4.1 ± 1.1 vs 4.4 ± 1.1 mmol/L, P =.027). Homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance was higher with EX‐HGI than Control (2.32 ± 1.15 vs 1.86 ± 0.97, P =.005). In conclusion, evening postexercise skim milk consumption, compared with a high‐GI sports drink, significantly reduced blood glucose and possibly increased fat oxidation after a high‐energy breakfast the next morning.
Energy compensation following consumption of sugar-reduced products: a randomized controlled trial$$$ PURPOSE: Consumption of sugar‐reformulated products (commercially available foods and beverages that have been reduced in sugar content through reformulation) is a potential strategy for lowering sugar intake at a population level. The impact of sugar‐reformulated products on body weight, energy balance (EB) dynamics and cardiovascular disease risk indicators has yet to be established. The REFORMulated foods (REFORM) study examined the impact of an 8‐week sugar‐reformulated product exchange on body weight, EB dynamics, blood pressure, arterial stiffness, glycemia and lipemia. METHODS: A randomized, controlled, double‐blind, crossover dietary intervention study was performed with fifty healthy normal to overweight men and women (age 32.0 ± 9.8 year, BMI 23.5 ± 3.0 kg/m(2)) who were randomly assigned to consume either regular sugar or sugar‐reduced foods and beverages for 8 weeks, separated by 4‐week washout period. Body weight, energy intake (EI), energy expenditure and vascular markers were assessed at baseline and after both interventions. RESULTS: We found that carbohydrate (P < 0.001), total sugars (P < 0.001) and non‐milk extrinsic sugars (P < 0.001) (% EI) were lower, whereas fat (P = 0.001) and protein (P = 0.038) intakes (% EI) were higher on the sugar‐reduced than the regular diet. No effects on body weight, blood pressure, arterial stiffness, fasting glycemia or lipemia were observed. CONCLUSIONS: Consumption of sugar‐reduced products, as part of a blinded dietary exchange for an 8‐week period, resulted in a significant reduction in sugar intake. Body weight did not change significantly, which we propose was due to energy compensation.
Diets containing dairy foods positively affects weight and fat loss and cytokines blood levels in premenopausal obese women$$$ BACKGROUND: Several researchers studied the relationship between Ca assumption and overweight/obesity. Levels of Ca supplementation higher than requirement, were related to increased fat loss in subjects at ipo‐caloric diet and Ca from dairy foods resulted more effective than Ca from mineral source in the promotion of weight loss. OBJECTIVE: Since the available studies were conducted using very high levels of Ca supplementation or on subjects fed Ca lacking diet, we studied the role of Ca from dairy foods on subjects receiving ipo‐caloric diet, with Ca content adequate to the requirements. METHODOLOGY: 40 pre‐menopausal, women nursed for their obesity and eating or not dairy foods, were recruited for the study. They received ipo‐caloric diets, with Ca equal to requirements. Subjects avoiding dairy products received also a Ca supplement (No Dairy group, n = 15), while other women eating at least 2 servings/d of low fat dairy products (Dairy group, n = 40). Body weight, abdominal fat and blood parameters were monitored at the beginning and at the end (3 months) of the experiment. Age and BMI were: 37.7 ± 7.5 years and 34.4 ± 3.7 for subjects included in the Dairy group and 39.8 ± 9.8 years and 33.8 ± 3.5 for women of No Dairy group. RESULTS: Women in the Dairy group showed a weight loss of 7.03% respect the initial weight, while in women avoiding dairy products the weight loss was 3.21% (P < 0.01). The whole body fat loss was 10.79% and 6,0%, for Dairy and No Dairy respectively, however the consumption of Ca from dairy foods did not affect waist circumference and abdominal‐visceral fat. No evidence of significant effect of the food treatments on the main haematological parameters related to the adipose tissue metabolism were seen. Insulin levels did not showed significant variations. Leptin concentration in blood decreased between the beginning and the conclusion of the trial as a consequence of fat mass decrease (P < 0.10), but without difference between the dietary treatments. Instead the IL‐6 showed a higher reduction in subjects receiving the Dairy+ diet compared to diet without dairy products. The IL‐6 levels showed a significant decrease between the beginning and the end of the experiment, apart from the diet (1.20 vs 0.66 pg/ml$$$ P 0.0135). Both the adiponectin and the unesterified fatty‐acid concentration were not influenced by the diet but, while adiponectin decreased between the beginning and the end of the study, NEFA did not show significant variations along time. IL‐6 was positively correlated with leptin and fat mass, confirming the relationship between fat accumulation and inflammatory status. CONCLUSIONS: Diets containing dairy foods have increased body weight and fat loss compared to diet lacking of milk and derivatives. Also the blood levels of IL‐6 resulted lower in Dairy diets.
Neutral Effect of Increased Dairy Product Intake, as Part of a Lifestyle Modification Program, on Cardiometabolic Health in Adolescent Girls With Overweight/Obesity: A Secondary Analysis From a Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Background: The presence of obesity and some cardiometabolic disease risk factors in childhood and adolescence track into adulthood. Intake of dairy products has been shown to be inversely related to adiposity and cardiometabolic variables in youth. However, limited research has examined cardiometabolic disease risk factors following increased dairy product consumption as part of a lifestyle modification intervention in youth with overweight/obesity. This secondary analysis aimed to determine whether 12 weeks of increased dairy consumption, as part of a lifestyle modification program, affects cardiometabolic variables in adolescent females (range: 10‐18 years) with overweight/obesity (BMI > 85th centile). Methods: Participants were randomized into two groups: higher dairy intake (RDa$$$ four servings/day [to reflect previous Canada's Food Guide recommendations]$$$ n = 23) or low dairy intake (LDa$$$ 0‐2 servings/day$$$ n = 23). Both RDa and LDa participated in a 12‐week, eucaloric, lifestyle modification intervention consisting of exercise training, and nutritional counseling. Adiposity (percent body fat [%BF]), dietary intake, and measures of cardiometabolic health were measured pre‐ and post‐intervention. Results: There were no significant changes over time within groups or differences over time between groups for triglycerides (TG), total cholesterol (TC), high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL), TC/HDL ratio, low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL), glucose, insulin, homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance, adiponectin, and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF‐α) (main effects of time and interactions, p > 0.05). Leptin decreased over the 12‐week lifestyle intervention in both groups (main effect of time, p = 0.02). After combining the groups (n = 46), significant correlations were found between change in %BF and change in some cardiometabolic variables (HDL [r = ‐0.40], TC/HDL ratio [r = 0.42], LDL [r = 0.36], and TNF‐α [r = 0.35], p < 0.05). After controlling for change in dairy product intake, the correlations were unchanged. Conclusion: Our findings demonstrate that increased dairy product consumption, as part of a lifestyle modification, weight management intervention, had a neutral effect on cardiometabolic disease risk factors in adolescent females with overweight/obesity. Change in dairy product intake did not influence the relationships between change in adiposity and change in cardiometabolic variables. Future research designed to primarily assess the effect of increased dairy product consumption on cardiometabolic disease risk factors in this population is warranted. Clinical Trial Registration: Clinicaltrials.gov$$$ NCT#02581813.
Differential effects of proteins and carbohydrates on postprandial blood pressure-related responses$$$ Diet composition may affect blood pressure (BP), but the mechanisms are unclear. The aim of the present study was to compare postprandial BP‐related responses to the ingestion of pea protein, milk protein and egg‐white protein. In addition, postprandial BP‐related responses to the ingestion of maltodextrin were compared with those to the ingestion of sucrose and a protein mix. We hypothesised that lower postprandial total peripheral resistance (TPR) and BP levels would be accompanied by higher plasma concentrations of nitric oxide, insulin, glucagon‐like peptide 1 (GLP‐1) and glucagon. On separate occasions, six meals were tested in a randomised order in forty‐eight overweight or obese adults with untreated elevated BP. Postprandial responses of TPR, BP and plasma concentrations of insulin, glucagon, GLP‐1 and nitrite, nitroso compounds (RXNO) and S‐nitrosothiols (NO(x)) were measured for 4 h. No differences were observed in TPR responses. Postprandial BP levels were higher after the ingestion of the egg‐white‐protein meal than after that of meals containing the other two proteins (P≤ 0·01). The ingestion of the pea‐protein meal induced the highest NO(x) response (P≤ 0·006). Insulin and glucagon concentrations were lowest after the ingestion of the egg‐white‐protein meal (P≤ 0·009). Postprandial BP levels were lower after the ingestion of the maltodextrin meal than after that of the protein mix and sucrose meals (P≤ 0·004), while postprandial insulin concentrations were higher after the ingestion of the maltodextrin meal than after that of the sucrose and protein mix meals after 1‐2 h (P≤ 0·0001). Postprandial NO(x), GLP‐1 and glucagon concentrations were lower after the ingestion of the maltodextrin meal than after that of the protein mix meal (P≤ 0·008). In conclusion, different protein and carbohydrate sources induce different postprandial BP‐related responses, which may be important for BP management. Lower postprandial BP levels are not necessarily accompanied by higher NO(x), insulin, glucagon or GLP‐1 responses.
Soy milk consumption, inflammation, coagulation, and oxidative stress among type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine the effects of soy milk consumption compared with cow's milk on inflammation, coagulation, and oxidative stress among patients with diabetic nephropathy. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This randomized, crossover clinical trial was conducted on 25 type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy. This study had two trial phases, each for 4 weeks and one washout period for 2 weeks. Patients were randomly assigned to consume a diet containing soy milk or a diet containing cow's milk. RESULTS: Soy milk consumption resulted in a significant reduction in d‐dimer level (percent change: ‐3.77 vs. 16.13%$$$ P < 0.05). This significant effect remained even after adjusting for confounding factor (carbohydrate intake). However, soy milk consumption had no significant effects on tumor necrosis factor‐α, interleukin‐6, high‐sensitivity C‐reactive protein (hs‐CRP), and malondialdehyde levels. The result was near to significance regarding the effect of soy milk consumption on hs‐CRP (percent change: ‐35.45 vs. 36.76%$$$ P = 0.05). However, this effect was not significant after adjusting for the confounding variable (carbohydrate intake). CONCLUSIONS: Soy milk consumption could decrease serum d‐dimer level among type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy. However, markers of inflammation and oxidative stress did not change following soy milk intake among these patients.
Postprandial Levels of Branch Chained and Aromatic Amino Acids Associate with Fasting Glycaemia$$$ High fasting plasma concentrations of isoleucine, phenylalanine, and tyrosine have been associated with increased risk of hyperglycaemia and incidence of type 2 diabetes. Whether these associations are diet or metabolism driven is unknown. We examined how the dietary protein source affects the postprandial circulating profile of these three diabetes associated amino acids (DMAAs) and tested whether the postprandial DMAA profiles are associated with fasting glycaemia. We used a crossover design with twenty‐one healthy individuals and four different isocaloric test meals, containing proteins from different dietary sources (dairy, fish, meat, and plants). Analysis of the postprandial DMAAs concentrations was performed using targeted mass spectrometry. A DMAA score was defined as the sum of all the three amino acid concentrations. The postprandial area under the curve (AUC) of all the three amino acids and the DMAA score was significantly greater after intake of the meal with dairy protein compared to intake of the three other meals. The postprandial AUC for the DMAA score and all the three amino acids strongly associated with fasting glucose level and insulin resistance. This indicates the importance of the postprandial kinetics and metabolism of DMAAs in understanding the overall association between DMAAs and glycaemia.
The effect of chromium on inflammatory markers, 1st and 2nd phase insulin secretion in type 2 diabetes$$$ OBJECTIVE: Impaired insulin sensitivity (SI) and β‐cell function are the two main causes of type 2 diabetes (T2D) and are related to low‐grade inflammation status. Trivalent chromium has shown to improve SI in our previous study. This might be due to the ability of decreasing interleukin‐6 (IL‐6) and tumor necrosis factor α (TNF‐α) shown in animal studies. In the current study, we measured SI, β‐cell function, and plasma levels of IL‐6 and TNF‐α after treatment of chromium chloride (GaCr) in T2D. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Sixty‐six patients were randomly assigned to the 20 g of GaCr milk powder studying group or the milk powder placebo group. Oral glucose tolerance test was performed before and after the treatment. The SI and the β‐cell function were measured as well. RESULTS: The SI was significantly improved. At the same time, the static insulin responsivity index (Φs) was significantly higher after the treatment (p = 0.003). On the other hand, the dynamic insulin responsivity index (Φd) remained unchanged. Interestingly, a significant decrease in the IL‐6 level after the treatment (p = 0.015) was noted. Although there was a trend of decreasing in TNF‐α, it was not statistically significant. Finally, there was no significant correlation between the δ‐IL‐6, SI, and Φd after GaCr treatment. CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, other than the improvement of SI, GaCr could also improve the second phase of insulin responsivity (Φs) and IL‐6. However, δ‐IL‐6 was correlated with neither δ‐SI nor δ‐Φs which indicated that the improvement of SI and Φs might involve mechanisms other than lower inflammatory effect.
The effects of DASH diet on weight loss and metabolic status in adults with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: a randomized clinical trial$$$ Background & Aims: This study was designed to determine the effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet on weight loss and metabolic status in overweight patients with non‐alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Methods: This randomized controlled clinical trial was done among 60 overweight and obese patients with NAFLD. Patients were randomly allocated to consume either the control (n = 30) or the DASH eating pattern (n = 30) for 8 weeks. Both diets were designed to be calorie‐restricted. Both diets were consisted of 52‐55% carbohydrates, 16‐18% proteins and 30% total fats$$$ however, the DASH diet was designed to be rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and low‐fat dairy products and low in saturated fats, cholesterol and refined grains. Results: Adherence to the DASH eating pattern, compared to the control diet, weight (P = 0.006), BMI (P = 0.01), alanine aminotransferase (ALT) (P = 0.02), alkalin phosphatase (ALP) (P = 0.001), insulin levels (P = 0.01), homoeostasis model of assessment‐estimated insulin resistance (HOMA‐IR) (P = 0.01) significantly decreased and quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI) (P = 0.004) significantly increased. Compared with the control diet, the DASH diet has resulted in significant reductions in serum triglycerides (P = 0.04) and total‐/HDL‐cholesterol ratio (P = 0.01). Finally, decreased concentrations of serum high‐sensitivity C‐reactive protein (hs‐CRP) (P = 0.03), malondialdehyde (MDA) (P = 0.04), increased levels of nitric oxide (NO) (P = 0.01) and glutathione (GSH) (P = 0.009) were found in the DASH group compared with the control group. Conclusions: Consumption of DASH diet for 8 weeks among patients with NAFLD had beneficial effects on weight, BMI, ALT, ALP, triglycerides, markers of insulin metabolism, inflammatory markers, GSH and MDA.
Consumption of probiotic yogurt and vitamin D-fortified yogurt increases fasting level of GLP-1 in obese adults undergoing low-calorie diet: A double-blind randomized controlled trial$$$ Energy restriction and manipulation of macronutrient composition of the diet are the main approaches that are used by people who aim to lose weight. When such strategies are employed, appetite and endocrine regulators of satiety, such as gut peptides, all are deeply affected. The gut microbiota‐brain axis controls energy homeostasis in humans by affecting central satiety and gut peptides. The purpose of this study was to evaluate if the synergistic effect of probiotics and vitamin D in yogurt matrix can modulate this effect. In the double‐blind, randomized, placebo‐controlled trial, 140 obese adults were randomly allocated into four groups: 1) regular yogurt plus low‐calorie diet$$$ 2) PY plus low‐calorie diet$$$ 3) vitamin D‐fortified yogurt plus low‐calorie diet, and 4) probiotic and vitamin D co‐fortified yogurt plus low‐calorie diet. All groups were encouraged to increase their physical activity. Glucagon‐like peptide‐1 (GLP‐1), peptide Tyrosin‐Tysrosin (PYY), ghrelin, anthropometric variables, insulin, fasting blood sugar (FBS), insulin resistance/sensitivity, 1,25(OH)2 D3, dietary intake, and physical activity were measured before and after 10 weeks. The difference between groups for GLP‐1 after 10 weeks was significant after adjusting for baseline GLP‐1 and protein intake as confounders. PY showed the largest effect size (ES) on GLP‐1 (p = 14.2) and FBS (p = 14) compared with others. Pairwise comparison of yogurts effect sizes on GLP‐1 showed a significant difference in group 1 vs. group 2 (p = .001), group 1 vs. group 3 (p = .003), and group 1 vs. group 4 (p = .048). Vitamin D‐fortified yogurt had the largest effect size on the serum level of vitamin D and it showed a significant difference with RY (p = .018) and PY (p = .002). Consumption of vitamin D‐fortified yogurt and PY could be regarded as a promising approach during calorie restriction.
Beneficial effects on fatty acid composition and indices of fatty acid desaturase activity with a paleolithic-type diet during a two-year intervention in obese postmenopausal women$$$ Objectives:To study diet effects of two defined diets on fatty acid (FA) composition in cholesterol esters (CE) and desaturase activity (DA) in plasma and describe their association to reported intake and changes in insulin resistance (IR) in postmenopausal obese women. Subjects and methods: Seventy obese postmenopausal women (BMI= 32.6 ±3.4) were randomized to either an ad libitumPaleolithic‐type diet (PD) aiming at 30 energy percent (E%) protein, 30 E% carbohydrates and 40 E% fats including a high content of unsaturated FAs, or a low fat diet (LFD) aiming at 15 E% protein, 55 E% carbohydrates and 30 E% fat for 24 months. Anthropometry, 4‐day food records, IR and relative FA composition of CEs in plasma were measured at baseline and after six and 24 months. Surrogate measures of DAs were expressed as ratios of CEs: Δ‐9 DA=16:1/16:0$$$ Δ‐6 DA=18:3n‐6/18:2n‐6 and Δ‐5 DA=20:4n‐6/20:3n‐6. FA E% intake was correlated with FA composition in CE using Spearman rank correlation coefficient. Further sample comparison modeling was performed using orthogonal partial least squares (OPLS) to elucidate correlation patterns between IR and FAs in CE. Results:At 24 months the reported intake in the PD group of saturated fatty acids (SFA) decreased with 19% and monounsaturated fatty acids and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) increased with 47% respectively 71% (all p<0.001). The correlation between reported FA E% intake and FA composition of CE in the PD group was significant for SFA (r=0.31, p=0.003) and PUFA (r=0.42, p<0.001). There were no significant changes in reported intake of FAs and no correlation found to FAs in CE in the LFD group at 24 months. Δ‐6 and Δ‐9 DA decreased significantly more in the PD group than in the LFD group after 24 months (p=0.002 and p=0.013, respectively). Δ‐5 DA increased in both groups at 6 months, significantly more in the PD group (p<0.001). FAs associated to IR including 14:0, 16:1, 18:3n‐6 and 20:3n‐6 decreased all in the PD group after 24 months (p=0.001$$$ 0.001$$$ 0.014$$$ and 0.0001 for difference between groups). Both diets resulted in a similar reduction in body weight and abdominal height (both p<0.001 within groups) after 24 months. We detected a significant pattern of FAs via the OPLS analysis that was associated to IR with higher levels of 14:0, 15:0, 16:1, 18:0, 18:3n‐3 and 20:3n‐6 and lower levels of 20:4n‐6 and Δ‐5 DA$$$ this was more pronounced at 6 months in the PD group. Conclusions: The biomarkers for FA intake confirm an increased intake of PUFA (fish) and decreased intake of SFA (dairy products at 6 months) in the PD group. The PD reduced specific FAs (14:0$$$ 16:1$$$ 18:3n‐6 and 20:3n‐6) and DAs (Δ‐9 and Δ‐6) associated with IR more distinctly than a LFD during a 24‐month diet intervention. The changes in FA levels associated to PD may have long‐term beneficial effects on obesity‐related disorders.
Dairy food consumption and meal-induced cortisol response interacted to influence weight loss in overweight women undergoing a 12-week, meal-controlled, weight loss intervention$$$ Dairy food enhances weight loss in animal models, possibly by modifying the metabolic effects of cortisol. This study determined in overweight women (ages 20.0‐45.9 y$$$ n = 51) whether including dairy food in an energy‐restricted diet affects cortisol concentrations and whether differences in provoked cortisol explain the magnitude of weight loss. Women received either an adequate amount of dairy food (AD), the equivalent of ≥711 mL/d milk, or a low amount of dairy food (LD), the equivalent to ≤238 mL/d milk, in a 12‐wk, energy‐restricted dietary intervention. Participants were tested in a 12‐h laboratory visit, which included 2 standard meals and a dinner buffet that was consumed ad libitum. Salivary cortisol was measured from waking to bedtime. Energy restriction increased (P ≤ 0.04) the minimum and decreased (P ≤ 0.02) the diurnal amplitude in the salivary cortisol concentration from baseline to postintervention. Energy restriction enhanced the dinner meal‐stimulated salivary cortisol response (DMR) (P ≤ 0.02) but only in the LD group. Compared with the LD treatment, the AD treatment induced (P ≤ 0.04) greater reductions in body weight and fat, but only in women characterized as having a baseline DMR (responders) (n = 26)$$$ weight and fat lost in the AD and LD groups were similar in nonresponders (n = 25). Overall, energy restriction dampened diurnal salivary cortisol fluctuations [symptomatic of hypothalamic‐pituitary‐adrenal (HPA) axis dysfunction] and enhanced dinner meal‐stimulated salivary cortisol concentrations. The AD treatment prevented the latter. Furthermore, certain phenotypic markers of HPA axis function may help to expose the weight‐reducing effects of consuming dairy food.
The effects of the acute administration of RU 486 on dietary fat preference in fasted lean and obese men$$$ The effects of RU 486, a potent glucocorticoid antagonist, on dietary fat preference were explored in obese men and lean controls in a double‐blind crossover study. An oral 10 mg/kg dose of RU 486 or placebo was administered at midnight the second night of a 48‐h hospital stay. Macronutrient and caloric intakes were calculated each day and a taste test of six commercial dairy products (fat content by weight < 0.5%, 2.0%, 3.3%, 10.5%, 18%, and 36%) was performed. Dairy products were judged for pleasantness, creaminess, and overall preference. Subjects were then asked to consume their favorite dairy product until sated. Urinary free cortisol (UFC) and plasma adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH), cortisol, insulin, and glucose were determined. Intake of a self‐selected diet was recorded. As expected, in response to RU 486, UFC increased from 120 +/‐ 25 micrograms/24 h to 297 +/‐ 73 micrograms/24 h (p < 0.05) in obese men and from 81 +/‐ 10 micrograms/24 h to 357 +/‐ 109 micrograms/24 h (p < 0.05) in lean men. Plasma cortisol increased from 26.1 +/‐ 1.1 microgram/dl to 31.8 +/‐ 1.0 microgram/dl (p < 0.05) in obese men and from 26.1 +/‐ 1.7 micrograms/dl to 32.2 +/‐ 1.7 micrograms/dl (p < 0.05) in lean men. Plasma insulin was significantly higher in obese 24.6 +/‐ 3.2 microIU/ml than in lean men 12.8 +/‐ 1.1 microIU/ml (p = 0.0001) but was unaffected by RU 486. RU 486 did not decrease fat intake in either obese or lean men.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Ingesting Yogurt Containing Lactobacillus plantarum OLL2712 Reduces Abdominal Fat Accumulation and Chronic Inflammation in Overweight Adults in a Randomized Placebo-Controlled Trial$$$ Background: Chronic inflammation and insulin resistance are factors that are related to obesity. We have suggested that the administration of heat‐treated Lactobacillus plantarum OLL2712 (OLL2712) cells can improve glucose and lipid metabolism by suppressing chronic inflammation in mouse models and a preliminary clinical study. Objective: The aim of this study was to investigate whether ingesting OLL2712 cells can reduce body fat accumulation and improve metabolic risk factors, in overweight, healthy adults. Methods: This study was a randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, parallel‐group trial conducted at a single center in Japan. The study participants included 100 overweight (BMI range, ≥25 to <30 kg/m2) adults aged 20‐64 y. They were randomly assigned to either the placebo or OLL2712 group (n = 50 each) and were administered conventional yogurt or yogurt containing >5 × 109 heat‐treated OLL2712 cells, respectively, daily for 12 wk. The primary outcome was the 12‐wk change in the abdominal fat area, as assessed by computed tomography, and the secondary outcomes were glucose and lipid metabolism‐related parameters and chronic inflammation markers, which were analyzed using a linear mixed model. Results: The 12‐wk change of abdominal fat area (difference: 8.5 cm2$$$ 95% CI: 0.3, 16.6 cm2$$$ P = 0.040) and fasting plasma glucose (difference: 3.2 mg/dL$$$ 95% CI: 0.8, 5.6 mg/dL$$$ P = 0.021) were significantly less in the OLL2712 group than the placebo group. The overall trend of serum IL‐6 was significantly decreased in the OLL2712 group compared with baseline and the placebo group. Conclusions: The ingestion of heat‐treated OLL2712 cells reduces body fat accumulation and the deterioration of glycemic control and chronic inflammation, in overweight, healthy adults. We hypothesize that OLL2712 cells may prevent obesity by regulating chronic inflammation. This trial was registered at the University Hospital Medical Information Network Clinical Trials Registry as UMIN000027709.
General and specific graphic health warning labels reduce willingness to consume sugar-sweetened beverages$$$ Sugar‐sweetened beverage (SSB) consumption is associated with obesity and other severe negative health consequences. The present study examined the effectiveness of two types of health warning labels (HWLs) in modulating dietary choices for SSBs: specific HWLs, presenting health consequences associated with consuming SSBs, and general HWLs, presenting health consequences of an unhealthy diet and obesity. While electroencephalography (EEG) was recorded, 63 participants completed a computer‐based task in which they were first randomly allocated to view either SBB‐specific, general, or non‐warning control HWLs. They then viewed images of a range of SSB products, varying on perceived healthiness and tastiness, and rated their willingness to consume (WTC) each one. Linear mixed‐effect model analyses revealed that general and specific HWLs both decreased WTC SSBs perceived as tasty, compared to the control condition. For general HWLs, this effect was reduced for SSBs perceived to be healthy, suggesting that specific HWLs may be more effective at reducing SSB consumption. The EEG data showed that SSBs considered unhealthy elicited greater N1 amplitudes, and tasty SSBs elicited greater late positive potential (LPP) amplitudes, possibly reflecting attentional allocation and craving responses, respectively. However, no strong differences between HWL types were found. Taken together, the results suggest that graphic HWLs, both general and specific, have the potential to reduce SSB consumption, but they do not strongly modulate craving‐related neural responses to SSBs.
Children's adaptations to a fat-reduced diet: the Dietary Intervention Study in Children (DISC)$$$ BACKGROUND: Prevention of cardiovascular disease through diet and lifestyle change is strongly advocated in adults and is initiated preferably during childhood. The Dietary Intervention Study in Children (DISC) was a multicenter, collaborative, randomized trial in 663 preadolescent children (363 boys and 301 girls) with elevated low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol, designed to test the efficacy and safety of a dietary intervention to lower saturated‐fat and cholesterol intake while also advocating a healthy eating pattern. DISC results have been published extensively. This ancillary study reports new data regarding changes in eating patterns among this cohort. OBJECTIVE: We set out to compare children's self‐selected eating patterns and approaches to achieving adherence to the DISC fat‐reduced diet intervention with children in the usual‐care group. METHODS: An ancillary study was conducted to develop a detailed food‐grouping system and report new analyses on dietary adherence to the recommended eating pattern. Every food in the nutrient database was ranked by its saturated‐fat and cholesterol content and classified within its relevant food group as a "go" (less atherogenic) or "whoa" (more atherogenic) food. RESULTS: At baseline, go foods contributed approximately 57% of total energy intake and 12.4% to 13.1% total fat energy intake in both groups. At 3 years, go foods contributed 67.4% and 13.7% of total and fat energy intake, respectively, in the intervention group versus 56.8% and 12.8% in the usual‐care group. Differences between the 2 treatment groups were significant for changes in consumption of dairy foods, desserts, and fats/oils, with the intervention group reporting a 0.2‐ to 0.3‐serving‐per‐day greater increase in go foods than the usual‐care group. The intervention group also reported a 0.2‐ to 0.8‐serving‐per‐day greater decrease in whoa foods than the usual‐care group for breads/grains, dairy, fats/oils, meat/fish/poultry, snacks, and vegetables. Overall, snack foods, desserts, and pizza contributed approximately one third of total daily energy intake in both groups at 3 years. CONCLUSIONS: Children in the intervention group reported consuming more servings per day of go grains, dairy, meats, and vegetable foods compared with children in the usual‐care group, but intake of fruits and vegetables was low in both groups. Discovering that snacks, desserts, and pizza actively contribute so heavily to the diets of this age group, even among children who were part of this intervention, offers valuable insights regarding the need for more aggressive, innovative, and realistic approaches for additional dietary counseling.
The influence of chromium chloride-containing milk to glycemic control of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial$$$ The aim of this study is to evaluate the effect and safety of chromium‐containing milk powder in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. A randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial was conducted in Taiwan. A total of 60 patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, aged 30 to 75 years, and on a dose of gliclazide sulfonylurea agent (< or =160 mg/d) for at least 3 months were enrolled. Their glycosylated hemoglobin ranged from 7.5% to 12%, fasting plasma glucose (FPG) from 140 to 250 mg/dL, and body mass index from 20 to 35 kg/m(2). The subjects were divided into 2 groups, one group to receive chromium‐containing milk powder (chromium 200 microg/20 g milk powder) and the other to receive placebo twice a day for 16 weeks. Frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test (IVGTT) was performed before and after treatment. The chromium group demonstrated a lower FPG and fasting insulin (‐38.1 +/‐ 9.2 vs 63 +/‐ 8. 5 mg/dL and ‐1.7 +/‐ 0.2 vs 1.9 +/‐ 0.3 microU/mL, respectively$$$ P < .05), especially in male patients (‐41 +/‐ 9.2 vs 85 +/‐ 11.7 mg/dL and ‐2.7 +/‐ 0.2 vs 3.1 +/‐ 0.3 microU/mL, respectively$$$ P < .01), at the end of the study. Lower glycosylated hemoglobin was observed in chromium‐treated male patients (‐1.1 +/‐ 0. 5 vs 0.7 +/‐ 0. 2$$$ P < .05). However, there were no significant changes in other metabolic parameters (lipid profiles including total cholesterol, triglyceride, low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol, and high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol), except improvement of insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance and insulin sensitivity index from frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test) observed in male patients (‐2.1 +/‐ 1.1 vs ‐0.41 +/‐ 1.12 and 0.18 +/‐ 0.11 vs ‐0.15 +/‐ 0. 2, respectively$$$ P < .05). There were no adverse events in both groups, except for mild complaints in the chromium group on constipation (5%) and flatulence (5%). Intake of milk powder containing 400 microg/d of chromium for 16 weeks in subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus resulted in lowering of FPG, fasting insulin, and improvement of metabolic control in male patients.
Comparative studies of gastrointestinal tolerance and acceptability of milk chocolate containing either sucrose, isomalt or sorbitol in healthy consumers and type II diabetics$$$ The objective was to compare reaction of adult consumers of confectionery to milk chocolate made with either isomalt, sucrose or sorbitol. Test chocolate was eaten by subjects at home during 7 days in amounts chosen by them up to a maximum of 100 g per day. In a double‐blind crossover trial isomalt chocolate was associated in healthy consumers (n = 58) with increased motion frequency, wind and flatulence compared with sucrose chocolate. However, the intensity of these gastrointestinal effects was predominantly slight and insufficient to affect acceptability. In separate crossover trials, reactions of Type II diabetic consumers to eating isomalt chocolate (n = 53) or sorbitol chocolate (n = 51) were compared to reactions when eating no chocolate. Both isomalt and sorbitol chocolate were associated with higher incidence of wind and flatulence than for no chocolate, but only sorbitol chocolate increased motion frequency. Again intensity of gastrointestinal effects was slight. It is concluded that isomalt has potential use in both regular and diabetic chocolate.
Coffee consumption and plasma biomarkers of metabolic and inflammatory pathways in US health professionals$$$ Background Coffee consumption has been linked to lower risk of various health outcomes. However, the biological pathways mediating the associations remain poorly understood. Objectives The aim of this study was to assess the association between coffee consumption and concentrations of plasma biomarkers in key metabolic and inflammatory pathways underlying common chronic diseases. Methods We investigated the associations of total, caffeinated, and decaffeinated coffee consumption with 14 plasma biomarkers, including C‐peptide, insulin‐like growth factor 1 (IGF‐1), IGF binding protein (IGFBP) 1, IGFBP‐3, estrone, total and free estradiol, total and free testosterone, sex hormone‐binding globulin (SHBG), total adiponectin, high‐molecular‐weight (HMW) adiponectin, leptin, C‐reactive protein (CRP), interleukin 6 (IL‐6), and soluble tumor necrosis factor receptor 2 (sTNFR‐2). Data were derived from 2 cohorts of 15,551 women (Nurses' Health Study) and 7397 men (Health Professionals Follow‐Up Study), who provided detailed dietary data before blood draw and were free of diabetes, cardiovascular disease, or cancer at the time of blood draw. Multivariable linear regression was used to calculate the percentage difference of biomarker concentrations comparing coffee drinkers with nondrinkers, after adjusting for a variety of demographic, clinical, and lifestyle factors. Results Compared with nondrinkers, participants who drank ≥4 cups of total coffee/d had lower concentrations of C‐peptide (‐8.7%), IGFBP‐3 (‐2.2%), estrone (‐6.4%), total estradiol (‐5.7%), free estradiol (‐8.1%), leptin (‐6.4%), CRP (‐16.6%), IL‐6 (‐8.1%), and sTNFR‐2 (‐5.8%) and higher concentrations of SHBG (5.0%), total testosterone (7.3% in women and 5.3% in men), total adiponectin (9.3%), and HMW adiponectin (17.2%). The results were largely similar for caffeinated and decaffeinated coffee. Conclusion Our data indicate that coffee consumption is associated with favorable profiles of numerous biomarkers in key metabolic and inflammatory pathways. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT03419455.
Efficacy and tolerance of a diabetes specific formula in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: an open label, randomized, crossover study$$$ AIM: This study evaluated the effect of a diabetes specific formula on acute glucose, insulin, and triglyceride responses in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). METHODS: This open‐label, randomized, crossover, pilot single center study had two phases (pre‐treatment and treatment). After screening, the patients entered run‐in period and were counseled on diet and exercise regime. They were then randomly allocated to receive either diabetes specific formula (Nutren Diabetes, Nestlé Health Science, Switzerland$$$ Group A) or isocaloric meal (Cornflakes and milk$$$ Group B). Blood samples were collected to estimate blood glucose, insulin and triglyceride levels (Baseline at 0 min and post‐meal at 30, 60, 120, and 180 min). RESULTS: Area under curve for blood glucose post‐meal at 30 min, 60 min, 120 min, and 180 min was significantly lower for Group A as compared with Group B (p=0.003, 0.0001, 0.0001, 0.0001, respectively). Increase in serum insulin levels from baseline was also lower for Group A post‐meal at 120 and 180 min, respectively, as compared to Group B (p=0.0001 and 0.0002, respectively). CONCLUSION: The Diabetes specific formula tested in this study showed lower post‐meal blood glucose and insulin levels as compared with isocaloric meal. Thus, diabetes specific formula may be an option for diabetic and hyperglycemic patients in need of nutritional support.
Assessment Body Mass Index Effect on pregnancy outcomes in Larian women referred to health center in 1387$$$ Introduction: Excess weight and obesity during pregnancy may be considered as an abnormal situation and can cause obstetric risks for both mother and neonate. This study was performed with the aim of assessing the effects of mother's Body Mass Index (BMI) on mother and neonate. Methods: This descriptive‐analytical cross‐sectional study was performed on 272 pregnant women who referred to the health centers of Lar city and were selected by randomized sampling in 11year.Data was collected using a two‐part questionnaire by interview. The first part contained demographic questions and the second part had questions on the risk factors related to mothers' excess weight. Mother's eight and height was measured at two stages and their BMI was determined at the beginning and the end of pregnancy. Neonates' weight was determined and recorded after birth in the hospital. Data was analyzed by SPSS version 11 software using descriptive statistical methods and independent t‐test. Results: The average of first BMI was 23.4 and the last BMI was 28.3. 74.3% of women had experienced first pregnancy. Neonates' birth weight reduced with increase in mothers' BMI (P<0.01). 5.6 %(26) of mothers were overweight at the onset of the study and 35.6 % (105) of them had above normal BMI during pregnancy. Conclusion: Obese women and women with excessive weight gain during pregnancy need special fallow‐up and counseling during pregnancy and delivery. Health professionals working with pregnant women should be aware of excess weight problems and give necessary trainings to women.
Effects of Dietary Approach to Stop Hypertension diet on androgens, antioxidant status and body composition in overweight and obese women with polycystic ovary syndrome: a randomised controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine disease in reproductive age women. The present study aimed to determine the effects of Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet on reproductive hormones, plasma total antioxidant status and anthropometric indices in overweight and obese PCOS women. METHODS: In this randomised controlled clinical trial, 60 women with PCOS were randomly assigned to one of two diets with energy restriction: the DASH diet and a control diet. The DASH and control diets consisted of 50‐55% carbohydrate, 15‐20% protein and 25‐30% total fat. The DASH diet was designed to be rich in vegetables, fruits, whole grains and low‐fat dairy products, as well as low in saturated fats, cholesterol, refined grains and sweets. In the present study, the anthropometric indices, body composition, total testosterone, androstenedione, sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG), free androgen index and 2,2'‐diphenyl‐1‐picryylhydrazyl (DPPH) scavenging activity were measured before and after 3 months. RESULTS: The consumption of DASH diet compared to the control diet was associated with a significant reduction in weight [‐5.78 (1.91) kg versus ‐4.34 (2.87) kg, P = 0.032], body mass index (BMI) [‐2.29 (0.15) kg m‐2 versus ‐1.69 (0.20) kg m‐2 , P = 0.02], fat mass [‐3.23(1.66) kg versus ‐2.13 (1.26) kg, P = 0.008] and serum androstenedione [‐1.75 (1.39) ng mL‐1 versus ‐1.02 (0.72) ng mL‐1 , P‐value = 0.019]. Increased concentrations of SHBG [28.80 (21.71) versus 11.66(18.82) nmol L‐1 , P = 0.003) and DPPH scavenging activity [30.23% (19.09) versus 12.97% (25.12) were also found in the DASH group. CONCLUSIONS: The DASH diet could improve weight loss, BMI and fat mass. Furthermore, it could result in a significant reduction in serum androstenedione and a significant increase in antioxidant status and SHBG.
Effects of Dietary Approach to Stop Hypertension diet on androgens, antioxidant status and body composition in overweight and obese women with polycystic ovary syndrome: a randomised controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine disease in reproductive age women. The present study aimed to determine the effects of Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet on reproductive hormones, plasma total antioxidant status and anthropometric indices in overweight and obese PCOS women.METHODS: In this randomised controlled clinical trial, 60 women with PCOS were randomly assigned to one of two diets with energy restriction: the DASH diet and a control diet. The DASH and control diets consisted of 50‐55% carbohydrate, 15‐20% protein and 25‐30% total fat. The DASH diet was designed to be rich in vegetables, fruits, whole grains and low‐fat dairy products, as well as low in saturated fats, cholesterol, refined grains and sweets. In the present study, the anthropometric indices, body composition, total testosterone, androstenedione, sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG), free androgen index and 2,2'‐diphenyl‐1‐picryylhydrazyl (DPPH) scavenging activity were measured before and after 3 months.RESULTS: The consumption of DASH diet compared to the control diet was associated with a significant reduction in weight [‐5.78 (1.91) kg versus ‐4.34 (2.87) kg, P = 0.032], body mass index (BMI) [‐2.29 (0.15) kg m‐2 versus ‐1.69 (0.20) kg m‐2 , P = 0.02], fat mass [‐3.23(1.66) kg versus ‐2.13 (1.26) kg, P = 0.008] and serum androstenedione [‐1.75 (1.39) ng mL‐1 versus ‐1.02 (0.72) ng mL‐1 , P‐value = 0.019]. Increased concentrations of SHBG [28.80 (21.71) versus 11.66(18.82) nmol L‐1 , P = 0.003) and DPPH scavenging activity [30.23% (19.09) versus 12.97% (25.12) were also found in the DASH group.CONCLUSIONS: The DASH diet could improve weight loss, BMI and fat mass. Furthermore, it could result in a significant reduction in serum androstenedione and a significant increase in antioxidant status and SHBG.
Effect of high milk and sugar-sweetened and non-caloric soft drink intake on insulin sensitivity after 6 months in overweight and obese adults: a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Milk contributes with saturated fat, but randomized controlled trials (RCT) on the effects of dairy on the risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D) where dairy is given as whole foods are scarce. The objective of our study was to investigate the long‐term effects of semi‐skimmed milk on insulin sensitivity and further to compare milk with sugar‐sweetened soft drinks (SSSD). SUBJECTS/METHODS: A secondary analysis of a 6‐month RCT with 60 overweight and obese subjects randomly assigned to 1 L/d of either milk (1.5 g fat/100 mL), SSSD, non‐calorie soft drink (NCSD), or water was conducted. Insulin sensitivity was evaluated by oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and plasma free fatty acids. Second, fasting blood lipids, blood pressure, and concentration of plasminogen activator inhibitor‐1 were assessed. RESULTS: There were no differences between milk, SSSD, NCSD, and water on insulin sensitivity assessed by OGTT (Matsuda Index, fasting, and area under the curve glucose, insulin and homeostasis model assessment values). SSSD increased total cholesterol compared to NCSD (P = 0.007), and triacylglycerol compared to NCSD and water (P = 0.045 and 0.045, respectively). None of the other parameters differed significantly between the groups. CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, there were no differences in effect between intake of milk, SSSD, NCSD, and water (1 L/d) for 6‐month on risk markers of T2D in overweight and obese adults. As a secondary analysis, these results need confirmation in future studies.
Risk factors and current chemoprevention studies in prostate cancer$$$ There are no established risk factors for prostate cancer other than age, ethnic group, and family history. For dietary factors, the WCRF/AICR reported that diets high in vegetables were possibly protective, and that regular consumption of red meat, fat, saturated/animal fat, and milk and any products possibly increased risk. Among nutritional factors, a protective effect of lycopene, vitamin E, selenium, and perhaps fish oil and phytoestrogens appear particularly promising, although no definite answers have yet emerged. Although hormonal influences are biologically plausible, observational studies of androgen have not produced consistent results. While, insulin‐like growth factor 1 could be a risk factor. Based on these evidences, several chemoprevention trials were launched using 5‐alpha reductase inhibitor, selenium, vitamin E and so on.
Chapter 5. Food group and nutrient intakes at baseline in the Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial$$$ This chapter relates food and nutrient intakes at baseline to other facets of reported dietary behavior, major risk factors, and sociodemographic characteristics of men in the Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial. Intakes of total fat (38.4% of energy), saturated fatty acids (14.2%), and dietary cholesterol (492 mg/d) were similar to amounts seen in the first and second National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys in the 1970s and were generally lower than findings from studies in the 1960s. There were inverse relations between total serum cholesterol and intakes of total fat, saturated and monounsaturated fatty acids, and dietary cholesterol. These paradoxical associations were largely attributable to findings in the 21% of men who reported following a special diet, indicating that use of such a diet increases with severity of hypercholesterolemia. Fat intake was directly related to number of meals per week eaten away from home, and to cigarette smoking. Patterns of food and nutrient intake were similar for men stratified by baseline blood pressure and antihypertensive treatment. Intake of total energy and percentages from various dietary fats decreased with age, as did use of sucrose and caffeine. White men consumed more dairy products than did other ethnic groups, whereas black men consumed more eggs, sugars, and sweets. Asians had the highest intake of cereal foods. Those with more education ate less high‐fat meat products, more fruit, and more polyunsaturated oils, but also more high‐fat dairy products and less breads and cereals: they also drank more alcohol.
Improvement of vitamin D status via daily intake of fortified yogurt drink either with or without extra calcium ameliorates systemic inflammatory biomarkers, including adipokines, in the subjects with type 2 diabetes$$$ CONTEXT: Systemic inflammation is thought to have a central role in diabetic long‐term complications. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of vitamin D either with or without extra calcium on certain inflammatory biomarkers in the subjects with type 2 diabetes (T2D). DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This was a double‐blind, randomized, controlled trial conducted over 12 wk in 90 T2D subjects aged 30‐60 yr from both sexes. INTERVENTION: Subjects were randomly allocated to one of three groups to receive two 250‐ml bottles a day of plain Persian yogurt drink or doogh (PD, containing 150 mg calcium and no detectable vitamin D(3)/250 ml), vitamin D‐fortified doogh (DD, containing 500 IU vitamin D(3) and 150 mg calcium/250 ml), or calcium + vitamin D(3)‐fortified doogh (CDD, containing 500 IU vitamin D(3) and 250 mg calcium/250 ml). OUTCOME MEASURES: The changes in inflammatory markers were evaluated. RESULTS: Compared to the baseline values, highly sensitive C‐reactive protein, IL‐1β, IL‐6, fibrinogen, and retinol binding protein‐4 concentrations significantly decreased in both the DD and CDD groups. Although the decrement in highly sensitive C‐reactive protein and fibrinogen was more in CDD compared to DD (‐4.0 ± 8.5 vs. ‐1.3 ± 2.8 mg/liter, and ‐0.40 ± 0.74 and ‐0.20 ± 0.52 mg/liter, respectively), the differences were not significant. There was a significant increase in serum adiponectin in both the DD and CDD groups (51.3 ± 65.3 vs. 57.1 ± 33.8 μg/liter$$$ P < 0.05). Mean adiponectin changes in CDD were significantly higher than in PD (P = 0.021). CONCLUSIONS: Daily intake of vitamin D‐fortified doogh improved inflammatory markers in T2D subjects, and extra calcium conferred additional benefit only for the antiinflammatory adipokine, i.e. adiponectin.
High-dose isoflavones do not improve metabolic and inflammatory parameters in androgen-deprived men with prostate cancer$$$ The profound hypogonadism that occurs with androgen deprivation therapy (ADT) for prostate cancer (PCa) results in complications such as diabetes and metabolic syndrome that predispose to cardiovascular disease. Because phytoestrogens have been associated with an improvement in metabolic parameters, we evaluated their role in men undergoing ADT. Our objective was to evaluate the effects of high‐dose isoflavones on metabolic and inflammatory parameters in men undergoing ADT. This was a randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, 12‐week pilot study. Participants were randomly assigned to receive 20 g of soy protein containing 160 mg of total isoflavones vs taste‐matched placebo (20 g whole milk protein). The study was conducted at a tertiary care center in the United States. Thirty‐three men (isoflavones = 17, placebo = 16) undergoing ADT for PCa completed this pilot study. Mean age in the 2 groups was 69 years and the majority of men were Caucasians. Mean duration of ADT in both groups was approximately 2 years (P = .70). The 2 groups were well matched at baseline. After 12 weeks of intervention, there was no significant difference in either metabolic or inflammatory parameters between the 2 groups. We found that high‐dose isoflavones over a course of 12 weeks do not improve metabolic or inflammatory parameters in androgen‐deprived men.
Urinary α-CEHC Predicts α-Tocopherol status in healthy adults and those with metabolic syndrome$$$ More than 90% of Americans do not consume the estimated average requirement (12 mg) of vitamin E, but dietary intakes are poorly correlated plasma α‐tocopherol (α‐T) concentrations, which are apparently normal. Plasma α‐T is an insensitive biomarker of α‐T status because α‐T increases with lipid levels and in individuals with hyperlipidemia, circulating α‐T increases, but delivery of both lipids and α‐T to tissues is compromised. We hypothesized that α‐carboxyethyl hydroxychromanol (α‐CEHC) and α‐carboxymethylbutyl hydroxychroman (α‐CMBHC), physiologic metabolites of α‐T that are generated in a cytochrome P450‐dependent manner, would reflect α‐T status, and function as indicators of the lower α‐T bioavailability in adults with metabolic syndrome (MetS). Age‐ and gender‐matched healthy and MetS adults (n = 10/group) completed a randomized cross‐over pharmacokinetics study in which they co‐ingested 15 mg hexa‐deuterium labeled (d6)‐RRR‐α‐T with non‐fat milk, reduced‐fat milk, whole milk, or soy milk prior to measuring by LC‐MS the 24 h urinary α‐CEHC and α‐CMBHC excretion and 0‐72 h plasma α‐T, α‐CEHC, and α‐CMBHC (ClinicalTrials.gov #NCT01787591). We showed previously that MetS adults had lower d6‐α‐T bioavailability (AUC0‐72 h) and estimated d6‐α‐T absorption compared to healthy adults regardless of dairy milk co‐ingestion. We report herein that plasma d6‐α‐CEHC AUC0‐72 h was 50% lower in MetS adults (P<0.05)$$$ 24 h urinary concentrations of unlabeled α‐CEHC and α‐CMHBC, and d6‐α‐CEHC and d6‐α‐CMHBC, were also ∼50‐60% lower in MetS compared to healthy adults (P<0.005). Plasma d6‐α‐T AUC0‐72 h (μmol/L∗h) was correlated with urinary excretion of d6‐α‐CEHC and d6‐α‐CMBHC (μmol/g creatinine, both P<0.0001), as well as with plasma d6‐α‐CEHC AUC0‐72 h (nmol/L∗h). In summary, labeled urinary metabolites of α‐T correlate highly with α‐T bioavailability of recently ingested α‐T. Urinary α‐CEHC, and α‐CMBHC may be useful biomarkers to non‐invasively assess α‐T adequacy, especially in populations with dyslipidemia‐associated impaired α‐T trafficking.
Probiotic Soy Milk Consumption and Renal Function Among Type 2 Diabetic Patients with Nephropathy: a Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial$$$ Diabetic nephropathy (DN) is one the most important complications of diabetes leading to end‐stage renal disease. Dietary approaches have been considered to control of the kidney function deterioration among these patients. The aim of the present study was to determine the effects of fortified soy milk with Lactobacillus plantarum A7 on renal function biomarkers in type 2 DN patients. Forty‐eight DN subjects were attended to this parallel randomized trial study. Participants were randomly assigned to consume a diet containing 200 mL/day probiotic soy milk in intervention group or soy milk in the control condition for 8 weeks. An inflammatory adipokine‐Progranulin (PGRN), a cytokine receptor‐soluble tumor necrosis factor receptor 1 (sTNFR1), and serum levels of Neutrophil gelatinase‐associated lipocalin (NGAL) and cystatin C (Cys‐C) as the new renal function biomarkers were measured after 8 weeks of intervention according to the standard protocol. Our analysis showed that consumption of probiotic soy milk resulted in a significant reduction in the Cys‐C and PGRN levels compared with the soy milk (P = 0.01) in the final adjusted model. In addition, after adjustment for age, weight, and energy intake, a marginally significant in the NGAL level was seen between two groups (P = 0.05). However, there was no significant differences on the sTNFR1concenteration between two groups (P = 0.06). Overall, intake of probiotic soy milk may have a beneficial effect on the renal function in patients with DN.
Probiotic Soy Milk Consumption and Renal Function Among Type 2 Diabetic Patients with Nephropathy: a Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial$$$ Diabetic nephropathy (DN) is one the most important complications of diabetes leading to end‐stage renal disease. Dietary approaches have been considered to control of the kidney function deterioration among these patients. The aim of the present study was to determine the effects of fortified soy milk with Lactobacillus plantarum A7 on renal function biomarkers in type 2 DN patients. Forty‐eight DN subjects were attended to this parallel randomized trial study. Participants were randomly assigned to consume a diet containing 200 mL/day probiotic soy milk in intervention group or soy milk in the control condition for 8 weeks. An inflammatory adipokine—Progranulin (PGRN), a cytokine receptor‐soluble tumor necrosis factor receptor 1 (sTNFR1), and serum levels of Neutrophil gelatinase‐associated lipocalin (NGAL) and cystatin C (Cys‐C) as the new renal function biomarkers were measured after 8 weeks of intervention according to the standard protocol. Our analysis showed that consumption of probiotic soy milk resulted in a significant reduction in the Cys‐C and PGRN levels compared with the soy milk (P = 0.01) in the final adjusted model. In addition, after adjustment for age, weight, and energy intake, a marginally significant in the NGAL level was seen between two groups (P = 0.05). However, there was no significant differences on the sTNFR1concenteration between two groups (P = 0.06). Overall, intake of probiotic soy milk may have a beneficial effect on the renal function in patients with DN.
A positive impact on the serum lipid profile and cytokines after the consumption of a plant sterol-enriched beverage with a milk fat globule membrane: a clinical study$$$ The hypocholesterolemic effect and the modification of serum biomarkers of a dietary plant sterol (PS) intake, cholesterol precursors and cytokines after the consumption of milk‐based fruit beverages with a milk fat globule membrane were evaluated by a randomized, double‐blind, crossover, multiple dose bioavailability study. Postmenopausal women (n = 38) consumed daily 250 mL of a beverage with or without 2 g of PS added during 6 weeks in each of the study periods. With the intake of the PS‐added beverage, significant decreases (mg dL‐1) in serum total cholesterol (pre‐treatment: 220.0 ± 27.8 vs. post‐treatment: 212.9 ± 25.8$$$ p < 0.05) and LDL‐cholesterol (129.4 ± 28.5 vs. 121.7 ± 24.4$$$ p < 0.05) were detected. The cholesterol precursor lathosterol (11.2%), markers of the dietary PS intake (campesterol 43.1% and β‐sitosterol 32.5%), and anti‐inflammatory IL‐10 cytokine (22.5%) increased significantly, with a concomitant significant reduction in pro‐inflammatory IL‐1β (6.7%). No variations in HDL‐cholesterol, other sterols (desmosterol and stigmasterol) or cytokines (IL‐6, IL‐8, IL‐12p70 and TNF‐α) were detected. These results indicated that this kind of PS‐enriched milk‐based fruit beverage is suitable during the period of clinical intervention, and its consumption may be an adequate way to improve PS functionality since a significant reduction in cholesterol levels has been observed. Therefore, the intake of this beverage could contribute to reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease also obtaining a beneficial effect on the serum inflammatory status in postmenopausal women.
The lipid-lowering effect of once-daily soya drink fortified with phytosterols in normocholesterolaemic Chinese: a double-blind randomized controlled trial$$$ PURPOSE: Phytosterols reduce intestinal cholesterol absorption and help to lower LDL‐cholesterol. Many Chinese adults are lactose‐intolerant and cannot tolerate bovine milk enriched with phytosterol. Soya‐milk is a common beverage in Asia and it has beneficial effects on general health. We therefore conducted a randomized double‐blind controlled trial to assess the effectiveness of a phytosterols‐enriched soya drink in lowering serum LDL‐cholesterol level (primary outcome) and other cardiovascular parameters (secondary outcomes). METHODS: One hundred and fifty‐nine normocholesterolaemic participants (85 men and 74 women$$$ aged 19‐79) were randomized to daily intake of one serving of phytosterols‐enriched soya drink (N = 82), equivalent to 2 g of phytosterol per day, or a matched soya drink without phytosterols (N = 77) for 3 weeks. Adverse events, withdrawal and compliance were documented. RESULTS: Among the treatment group (N = 82), phytosterols‐enriched soya drink significantly decreased LDL‐cholesterol by 5.96% (SE 1.48, 95% CI ‐ 8.91%, ‐ 3.00%) with a median of 6.74% compared with baseline, resulting in a significant reduction of 4.70% (95% CI ‐ 8.89%, ‐ 0.51%$$$ p = 0.028) with a median of 5.20% compared with placebo (N = 77). In contrast, there were no significant changes in other lipid parameters, blood glucose, blood pressure, body weight or waist circumference. Remarkably, 95% of the participants randomized to the fortified drink reported no adverse events at all. CONCLUSIONS: Daily consumption of a phytosterols‐enriched soya drink may be a simple and cost‐neutral means of lowering LDL‐cholesterol in individuals in China, with massive population and rising incidence of coronary heart disease (ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT02881658$$$ date of registration: 14 Aug 2016).
A spread containing bioactive milk peptides Ile-Pro-Pro and Val-Pro-Pro, and plant sterols has antihypertensive and cholesterol-lowering effects$$$ Lifestyle intervention is recommended as the primary treatment for mild hypertension and hypercholesterolemia. We studied the effects of a spread containing bioactive milk peptides IPP and VPP, as well as plant sterols, on cardiovascular risk factors in 104 hypertensive, hypercholesterolemic subjects in a randomised, placebo‐controlled double‐blind intervention. Middle‐aged subjects consumed 20 g day⁻¹ of a spread containing 4.2 mg of IPP and VPP as well as 2 g of plant sterols for 10 weeks after a 2 week run‐in period. Blood pressure was measured at home 3 times a week. Office blood pressure and 24 h ambulatory blood pressure measurements were performed at the end of the run‐in and intervention periods. Blood samples were analysed for serum lipids, plasma glucose and inflammation markers. A significant decrease (‐4.1 mmHg vs. ‐0.5 mmHg, p = 0.007) in systolic blood pressure was seen in the active group, compared to placebo at home measurements. Office blood pressure and 24 h nighttime or daytime ambulatory systolic or diastolic pressure did not differ between the groups. Total (‐0.16 vs. 0.25 mmol l⁻¹, p = 0.005) and LDL cholesterol (‐0.16 vs. 0.18 mmol l⁻¹, p = 0.006) decreased significantly in the active group compared to the placebo. No significant differences between groups were seen for plasma glucose or inflammation markers. The results thus suggest that milk peptides IPP and VPP and plant sterols, in a low‐fat spread matrix, produce a clinically significant reduction in systolic blood pressure as well as serum total and LDL cholesterol without adverse effects. Functional foods that affect 2 major risk factors offer a safe and convenient way to reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease by supporting lifestyle intervention.
A Vitamin D-Calcium-Fortified Yogurt Drink Decreased Serum PTH but did not Affect Osteocalcin in Subjects with Type 2 Diabetes$$$ INTRODUCTION: There is sparse evidence of the effect of vitamin D on bone biomarkers in diabetic patients, and therefore, in a randomized clinical trial, we evaluated the effects of the daily intake of vitamin D, either with or without extra calcium, on selected bone biomarkers. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Ninety women and men aged 30 ‐ 50 years old with type 2 diabetes were randomly divided into three groups in a double‐blind manner. Group 1 (PD), the control group, received a plain yogurt drink. Groups 2 (DD) and 3 (CDD) received 1000 IU vitamin D3, and 1000 IU vitamin D3 plus 500 mg calcium, respectively, via drinking two 250 mL bottles a day of a fortified yogurt drink for twelve weeks. Anthropometric and biochemical assessments were made, including 25(OH), intact parathyroid hormone (iPTH), osteocalcin, and calcium. RESULTS: Although the time and time × group interaction effects on the bone biomarkers were not statistically significant, there was a modest decrease in iPTH concentrations in both DD and CDD groups over twelve weeks. The subgroups with initial vitamin D deficiency/insufficiency in the CDD group had greater and significant decrease in serum iPTH concentrations after twelve weeks of treatment compared to the PD group (‐ 9.0 ± 21.2 v.s 8.6 ± 21.8 pg/mL, p = 0.042). CONCLUSION: The improvement in vitamin D status following the daily intake of fortified doogh for twelve weeks was accompanied by a decrement in iPTH, mostly in those subjects with poor initial vitamin D status.
High-intensity interval training with or without post-exercise milk consumption improves cardiovascular function in patients with type 2 diabetes$$$ High‐intensity interval training (HIIT) can improve several aspects of cardiometabolic health that are important for older adults with type 2 diabetes (T2D), including cardiorespiratory fitness, body composition and endothelial function. Previous studies have suggested that adaptations to exercise training can be augmented with post‐exercise milk or protein consumption but whether this nutritional strategy can impact cardiovascular adaptations to HIIT in T2D is unknown. Purpose To examine if cardiovascular adaptations to HIIT can be enhanced by post‐exercise milk supplementation in patients with T2D. Methods A proof‐of‐concept double‐blind controlled trial randomized 50 adults with physician‐diagnosed T2D (58 ± 9 y, A1c: 7.1 ± 0.8%, BMI: 35 ± 7 kg/m2) to one of three nutritional beverages (500 mL skim milk, milk‐protein isolate or flavored water placebo, n=16‐17 per group) consumed after exercise training (2× cardio‐ and 1× resistance‐based HIIT per week for 12 weeks). HIIT progressed from four (week 1) to 10 (weeks 6‐12) 1‐min intervals of vigorous effort (eliciting ∼85‐90% maximal heart rate [HRmax]) interspersed with 1‐min rest/recovery. Resting HR, blood pressure (MAP), brachial artery flow‐mediated dilation (%FMD) and carotid‐femoral pulse‐wave velocity (PWV) were measured before and 72 h after the intervention. Cardiorespiratory fitness (V?O2 peak) and HRmax were measured via incremental cycling test to exhaustion with expired gas analyses before and after training. Data were analyzed using general linear mixed models (SPSS) with magnitude‐based inferences for clinically meaningful changes assessed using the spreadsheet available at http://www.newstats.org/. Results There were main effects of time (p<0.05) but no group × time interactions (all p>0.31). All results are therefore presented as main effects of time with nutritional beverage groups collapsed. HIIT lowered resting HR by ‐2.6 bpm (95% CI: ‐4.5 to ‐0.8 bpm), MAP by ‐5.7 mmHg (CI: ‐7.8 to ‐3.6 mmHg) and PWV by ‐1.3 m/s (0 to 2.6 m/s)$$$ the reduction in PWV was possibly and reduction in MAP was most likely clinically beneficial. HIIT increased %FMD by 1.5% (CI: 0.9 to 2.0%) and V?O2 peak by 2.5 mL/kg/min (CI: 1.8 to 3.2 mL/kg/min)$$$ the increase in %FMD was very likely and the increase in V?O2 peak most likely clinically beneficial. Body mass (CI: ‐1.8 to 0.2 kg) and HRmax (CI: ‐2.0 to 3.3 bpm) were not significantly changed. Conclusion Twelve weeks of HIIT significantly improves important indices of cardiovascular health in patients with T2D. Clinically meaningful improvements in blood pressure, endothelial function and cardiorespiratory fitness were evident after just 12 weeks of progressive interval training (totaling 48 ‐ 78 minutes of exercise per week). The addition of post‐exercise milk or milk protein supplementation did not influence any of the cardiometabolic health markers assessed.
Vitamin D Receptor Fok-I polymorphism modulates diabetic host response to vitamin D intake: need for a nutrigenetic approach$$$ OBJECTIVE: Interpopulation as well as interindividual variations in response to vitamin D intake commonly observed in subjects with type 2 diabetes may be related to genetic makeup. One of the candidate genes potentially responsible for this diversity is vitamin D receptor (VDR). This study aimed to investigate the interactive effect of VDR Fok‐I polymorphism and vitamin D intake on diverse aspects of diabetic host response. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Glycemic status, lipid profiles, inflammatory biomarkers, and VDR Fok‐I genotypes were determined in diabetic subjects (n = 140) who participated in a randomized controlled trial. Participants consumed two 250‐mL bottles per day of yogurt drink (doogh) fortified with 500 IU vitamin D/250 mL for 12 weeks. RESULTS: Mean serum 25(OH)D increased by 30 nmol/L (P < 0.001). The time × intervention effect was significant for 25(OH)D (P = 0.030), HDL (P = 0.011), high‐sensitivity C‐reactive protein (hsCRP) (P < 0.001), interleukin (IL)‐4 (P = 0.008), and IL‐6 (P = 0.017) among the genotypic groups. The alleles were defined as ''F'' or ''f'' depending on the absence or presence of the restriction site, respectively. The least increment in 25(OH)D was in ff (23.0 ± 3.8 nmol/L) compared with Ff (31.2 ± 3.4 nmol/L) and FF (35.6 ± 2.7 nmol/L) (P for trend = 0.009), but only the difference between ff and FF was significant (P = 0.023). FF group had the largest decrement of both hsCRP and IL‐6 compared with Ff (P < 0.001 and P = 0.038) and ff (P = 0.010 and P = 0.048), respectively. CONCLUSIONS: We concluded that those of VDR ff genotype may be regarded as "low responders" to vitamin D intake in terms of response of circulating 25(OH)D and certain inflammatory biomarkers. A nutrigenetic approach may, therefore, be needed to protect diabetic patients from vitamin D deficiency.
Diet quality of overweight and obese mothers and their preschool children$$$ BACKGROUND: Children of obese parents are more likely to become obese than children of normal‐weight parents. However, there is little information regarding the diet intakes of children of obese parents. OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to determine the diet quality of preschoolers and their overweight/obese mothers, whether maternal and child diet quality were correlated, and predictors of child's diet quality. DESIGN: Results are from baseline measurements from a randomized controlled behavioral intervention. PARTICIPANTS: Participants were English‐literate, postpartum mothers and their preschoolers (n=177 mother‐child dyads) in North Carolina. Visits took place in the Triangle and Triad regions of North Carolina between September 2007 and November 2009. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: We measured diet quality of mothers and preschoolers using the Healthy Eating Index‐2005. STATISTICAL ANALYSES PERFORMED: Descriptive statistics, χ(2), analysis of variance, Pearson correlations, and stepwise regression models were used. RESULTS: Only 11% of children and 7% of mothers had Healthy Eating Index‐2005 scores ≥80. Most children did not meet recommendations for fruits, vegetables, whole grains, meat and beans, sodium, saturated fat, and energy from solid fat and added sugars. Child diet quality was correlated with maternal diet quality (r=0.44$$$ P<0.001). However, children and mothers differed in the proportion that met food‐group recommendations: children vs mothers: total fruit (50% vs 14%), whole fruit (46% vs 28%), total vegetables (6% vs 18%), dark green and orange vegetables and legumes (7% vs 19%), total grains (57% vs 71%), milk (63% vs 22%), and meat and beans (33% vs 60%). Maternal diet quality and household income were positively correlated with child diet quality. CONCLUSIONS: The diets of children of overweight/obese mothers need improvement in several areas. Mother's diet quality and household income are important contributors to child's diet quality and should be considered in efforts to improve the diets of these children.
Consumption of a whey protein-enriched diet may prevent hepatic steatosis associated with weight gain in elderly women$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Protein consumption has been associated with cardio‐metabolic benefits, including weight loss and improved insulin sensitivity, and may have potential benefits for individuals with fatty liver disease (FLD). We investigated the effect of increasing dietary protein intake from whey relative to carbohydrate on hepatic steatosis. METHODS AND RESULTS: A two‐year randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial of 30 g/day whey protein‐supplemented beverage (protein) or an energy‐matched low‐protein high‐carbohydrate beverage (control) for cardio‐metabolic and bone health in 219 healthy elderly women, recruited from the Western Australian general population. Hepatic steatosis was quantified using computed tomographic liver‐to‐spleen (L/S) ratio. FLD was defined as liver‐to‐spleen difference <10 Hounsfield units. At baseline, FLD prevalence was 11.4%. Control and protein groups were similar in body mass index (BMI), insulin resistance, L/S ratio and FLD prevalence at baseline. At two‐years, dietary protein increased by 20 g in the protein, but not the control, group. Total energy intake and physical activity remained similar between groups. At two‐years, BMI and FLD prevalence increased in both groups, with no between group differences. L/S ratio increased in control, but not protein, group at two‐years, with no between group differences. In a within group comparison, change in BMI correlated with changes in L/S ratio in control (r = 0.37, P = 0.0007), but not with protein group (r = 0.04, P = 0.73). CONCLUSION: Increasing dietary protein intake from whey relative to carbohydrate does not reduce weight, hepatic steatosis or the prevalence of FLD in elderly women. However, it may prevent worsening of hepatic steatosis associated with weight gain. CLINICAL TRIALS REGISTRATION: Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry (Registration no. ACTRN012607000163404).
The effect of vegetable oil-based cheese on serum total and lipoprotein lipids$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effect of rapeseed oil‐based cheese (milk‐fat substituted by rapeseed oil) on serum total and lipoprotein lipid concentrations and blood pressure in reference to ordinary, milk‐fat‐based cheese in subjects with mildly to moderately elevated serum cholesterol concentration. DESIGN: Randomized, controlled, single‐blind, cross‐over clinical trial. SETTINGS: Outpatient dietary intervention with free‐living subjects in Eastern Finland. INTERVENTIONS: The study began with a 2 week pre‐trial period followed by two 4 week intervention periods. During the intervention study subjects replaced their ordinary cheese or cold cuts with 65 g of rapeseed oil‐based or milk‐fat‐based control cheese. The type of test cheese was switched at 4 weeks of intervention. Altogether 31 subjects completed the study. RESULTS: Compared with the control cheese period the mean serum total cholesterol concentration was 6.7% (95% Cl ‐9.9 to ‐3.5%) lower after 2 weeks and 5.0% (95% Cl ‐7.5 to ‐2.5%) lower after 4 weeks of use of rapeseed oil‐based cheese. Respectively, LDL cholesterol concentration was 7.0% (95% Cl ‐11.7 to ‐2.6%) lower after 2 weeks use and 6.4% (95% Cl ‐10.0 to ‐2.8%) lower after 4 weeks' use of rapeseed oil‐based cheese. CONCLUSIONS: The present study showed that the rapeseed oil‐based cheese reduces serum total and LDL cholesterol concentrations in mildly to moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects when replacing ordinary milk‐fat‐based cheese in the diet. SPONSORSHIP: Mildola Ltd, Tuusula, Finland and Kyrönmaan Juustomestarit Ltd, lsokyrö, Finland.
Effect of a high monounsaturated fatty acids diet and a Mediterranean diet on serum lipids and insulin sensitivity in adults with mild abdominal obesity$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Diets high in monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA) such as a Mediterranean diet may reduce the risk of cardiovascular diseases by improving insulin sensitivity and serum lipids. Besides being high in MUFA, a Mediterranean diet also contains abundant plant foods, moderate wine and low amounts of meat and dairy products, which may also play a role. We compared the effects of a high MUFA‐diet with a diet high in saturated fatty acids (SFA) and the additional effect of a Mediterranean diet on insulin sensitivity and serum lipids. METHODS AND RESULTS: A randomized parallel controlled‐feeding trial was performed, in 60 non‐diabetics (40‐65 y) with mild abdominal obesity. After a two week run‐in diet high in SFA (19 energy‐%), subjects were allocated to a high MUFA‐diet (20 energy‐%), a Mediterranean diet (MUFA 21 energy‐%), or the high SFA‐diet, for eight weeks. The high MUFA and the Mediterranean diet did not affect fasting insulin concentrations. The high MUFA‐diet reduced total cholesterol (‐0.41 mmol/L, 95% CI ‐0.74, ‐0.09) and LDL‐cholesterol (‐0.38 mmol/L, 95% CI ‐0.65, ‐0.11) compared with the high SFA‐diet, but not triglyceride concentrations. The Mediterranean diet increased HDL‐cholesterol concentrations (+0.09 mmol/L, 95% CI 0.0, 0.18) and reduced the ratio of total cholesterol/HDL‐cholesterol (‐0.39, 95% CI ‐0.62, ‐0.16) compared with the high MUFA‐diet. CONCLUSION: Replacing a high SFA‐diet with a high MUFA or a Mediterranean diet did not affect insulin sensitivity, but improved serum lipids. The Mediterranean diet was most effective, it reduced total and LDL‐cholesterol, and also increased HDL‐cholesterol and reduced total cholesterol/HDL‐cholesterol ratio.
Antihypertensive effect of dietary integration with grana padano cheese in hypertensive patients$$$ The degradation of cow‐milk proteins by proteinases from L. hel‐ vet/'cws produces peptides with ACE‐inhibitory activity and antihy‐ pertensive effect in SH rats. Two tripeptides, valyl‐prolyl‐proline and isoleucyl‐prolyl‐proline has been identified as the bioactive peptides responsible for this effect (Nakamura et al., 1995). The Grana Padano, a typical Italian cheese, at moderate ripening degree (9‐12 months), shows a potent (as measured by the spec‐ trophotometric assay) in‐vitro ACE‐inhibitory effect (Magnano San Lio et al, 2009). Aim of this study was to evaluate whether a dietary integration with a small amount of Grana Padano cheese was effective in reducing blood pressure (BP) in hypertensive patients. In a randomized, open‐label, controlled study, 45 patients received a daily dose of 30 g of 9 month‐aged Grana Padano cheese for a period of 2 months. BP was evaluated before and after treatment by using conventional sphygmomanometry (average of 3 readings), automated office BP (AOBP, BpTRU M D, Canada) and ambulatory BP measurement (ABP). The results have been compared with those obtained in a control group of 15 hypertensive patients. Pharmacological and non‐pharmacological treatments were stable during the previous 3 months and along the entire observation period and excluded ACE‐inhibitors and Angio‐2‐receptor blockers. A dietary manipulation was performed in order to maintain unchanged calorie, cholesterol and sodium intake. Preliminary results indicate that the patients who received Grana Padano cheese presented a statistically significant decrease in systolic and diastolic BP (Student's t test). No change in BP was detected in the control group. In conclusion, a moderate intake of Grana Padano cheese seems to be effective in lowering BP in hypertensive patients. Appropriate (and easily feasible) dietary manipulations can counterbalance the increased intake in cholesterol and sodium due to dietary integration by Grana Padano cheese. (Table presented).
Impact of probiotic consumption under the weight loss program on gut microbiota composition$$$ Background and objectives: Obesity has been associated with structural and functional changes in the gut microbiota. Manipulatation with gut microbiota using probiotics have been shown to improve gut integrity, and restore the microbial shifts characteristic of obesity. Traditional probiotic products are fermented dairy products. Bryndza is a traditional Slovak fermented sheep's cheese. Most Bryndza microbiots are lactic acid bacteria. Therefore the aim of our study was to study the effect of short‐term weight loss programs with Bryndza cheese consumption on the structure of the gut microbiota, and body composition in middle‐aged women. Methods: We conducted a randomized, controlled, 4‐week intervention study involving 22 women with elevated body fat percentage (more than 25). Each participant individually received detailed instructions and advice on lifestyle changes, a personalized nutrition plan and a physical activity plan. Subjects were randomly assigned to a control or intervention group according to diet. The intervention group consisted of 13 participants whose diet contained 30 g of Bryndza cheese per day (WLPB). The control group consisted of nine participants without regular consumption of Bryndza cheese (WLP). Results: Both interventions lead to a significant and favorable change of BMI (p<0.001), body fat (p<0.01), waist circumference (p<0.01). Moreover, the relative abundance of Erysipelotrichales significantly increased in both groups. The higher abundance of order Erysipelotrichales was measured within the groups (WLPB‐pre vs. WLPB‐post$$$ p=0.001$$$ WLP‐pre vs. WLP‐post$$$ p=0.027). Family Lachnospiraceae decreased in the WLPB group (p=0.006). However, the relative abundance of lactic acid bacteria (Lactobacillales, Streptococcaceae, Lactococcus and Streptococcus) significantly increased only in the WLPB group. Furthermore, short‐chain fatty acid producers Phascolarctobacterium and Butyricimonas increased significantly in the WLPB group. Conclusions: A short‐term weight loss program combined with Bryndza cheese consumption improves body composition and increases the abundance of lactic acid bacteria and short‐chain fatty acid producers in middle‐aged women. Additional randomized placebo‐controlled trials will help develop clinical guidelines for the use of probiotic therapy in obesity.
Impact of probiotic consumption under the weight loss program on gut microbiota composition$$$ Background and objectives: Obesity has been associated with structural and functional changes in the gut microbiota. Manipulatation with gut microbiota using probiotics have been shown to improve gut integrity, and restore the microbial shifts characteristic of obesity. Traditional probiotic products are fermented dairy products. Bryndza is a traditional Slovak fermented sheep's cheese. Most Bryndza microbiots are lactic acid bacteria. Therefore the aim of our study was to study the effect of short‐term weight loss programs with Bryndza cheese consumption on the structure of the gut microbiota, and body composition in middle‐aged women. Methods: We conducted a randomized, controlled, 4‐week intervention study involving 22 women with elevated body fat percentage (more than 25). Each participant individually received detailed instructions and advice on lifestyle changes, a personalized nutrition plan and a physical activity plan. Subjects were randomly assigned to a control or intervention group according to diet. The intervention group consisted of 13 participants whose diet contained 30 g of Bryndza cheese per day (WLPB). The control group consisted of nine participants without regular consumption of Bryndza cheese (WLP). Results: Both interventions lead to a significant and favorable change of BMI (p<0.001), body fat (p<0.01), waist circumference (p<0.01). Moreover, the relative abundance of Erysipelotrichales significantly increased in both groups. The higher abundance of order Erysipelotrichales was measured within the groups (WLPB‐pre vs. WLPB‐post$$$ p=0.001$$$ WLP‐pre vs. WLP‐post$$$ p=0.027). Family Lachnospiraceae decreased in the WLPB group (p=0.006). However, the relative abundance of lactic acid bacteria (Lactobacillales, Streptococcaceae, Lactococcus and Streptococcus) significantly increased only in the WLPB group. Furthermore, short‐chain fatty acid producers Phascolarctobacterium and Butyricimonas increased significantly in the WLPB group. Conclusions: A short‐term weight loss program combined with Bryndza cheese consumption improves body composition and increases the abundance of lactic acid bacteria and shortchain fatty acid producers in middle‐aged women. Additional randomized placebo‐controlled trials will help develop clinical guidelines for the use of probiotic therapy in obesity. Research was supported by Grant No. APVV‐17‐0099 and VEGA Grant No. 2/0129/20 and VEGA 1/0260/21, ITMS: 313011V344 Long‐term strategic research on prevention, intervention and mechanisms of obesity.
Randomised controlled trial of a cheese rich in Angiotensin-Converting Enzyme (ACE)-inhibiting peptides and the effect on blood pressure$$$ Rationale: In 2010, high blood pressure was named the leading risk factor for global disease burden, contributing to 7% of global disability adjusted life years. ACE‐inhibiting bioactive peptides from dairy products have been associated with significant reductions in blood pressure. The goal of this trial was to examine whether Gamalost, a Norwegian cheese rich in ACE‐inhibiting peptides, could lower blood pressure. Methods: 150 participants were randomized to one of three groups: Gamalost, Gouda‐type cheese, and control, with 8 weeks of intervention. Blood pressure, blood samples and anthropometric measurements were taken at inclusion and end, with an additional blood pressure measurement midway. Questionnaires about lifestyle, health and dietary habits were completed at inclusion, midway and end. Results: At baseline, there were no differences between the three groups, mean age 43, 52.3% female. The t‐test showed that mean blood pressure was reduced in the entire study population. Based on blood pressure at inclusion, participants were categorised as either optimal blood pressure, normal‐high, or hypertensive. When looking at the stratified analyses based on blood pressure category, diastolic blood pressure only was significantly reduced (B = ‐3.3) in participants with a normal‐high blood pressure in the Gamalost group compared to the control group. Conclusion: Consuming a cheese, such as Gamalost, rich in ACE‐inhibiting peptides had a small effect on diastolic blood pressure reduction in people with a normal‐high blood pressure. The findings suggest the cheese can be one of the dietary approaches to lowering blood pressure in people with borderline high blood pressure.
A high-protein, moderate-energy, regular cheesy snack is energetically compensated in human subjects$$$ Snacking is often regarded as a cause of overweight. However, the main issue is to determine whether the consumption of snacks leads to an increase in energy intake or whether a compensation phenomenon exists and maintains daily energy intake at a constant level. The objective of the present study was to determine whether the repeated consumption of a high‐protein, moderate‐energy, cheesy snack given as a preload 1 h before a meal altered energy intake at the next meal and then throughout the day, and if this kind of snack was energetically compensated. Normal‐weight women (n 27) were recruited for the study. All subjects were healthy non‐smokers, aged 18‐60 years. The snacks consisted of portions of cheese containing 22 g protein, with an energy value of 836 kJ. Two types of snack were compared, differing in terms of the type of milk proteins they contained: the first contained casein only (CAS), while the second contained a mixture of casein and whey proteins (WHEY+CAS$$$ 2:1). The principal finding of the present study was that the ingestion of the two snacks 1 h before lunch led to energy compensation of 83.1 (SEM 9.4) and 67.0 (SEM 16.4) % for WHEY+CAS and CAS respectively, at lunch, and 121.6 (SEM 36.5) and 142.1 (SEM 29.7) % for WHEY+CAS and CAS respectively, regarding the whole‐day energy intake. In conclusion, the repeated consumption of a high‐protein, moderate‐energy, regular cheesy snack should not promote overweight because energy intake appears to be regulated during subsequent meals on the same day.
Immune status markers dynamics during rotational diet therapy in obesity$$$ BACKGROUND: Сhronic immune inflammation in obesity is pathogenetically associated with the development insulin resistance and the metabolic syndrome. However, there are a number of works devoted to the relationship of obesity and allergic diseases, in which data were obtained on models of bronchial asthma and allergic rhinitis. In obesity against a background of chronic immune inflammation, a more severe course of concomitant allergic disease is observed, accompanied by an increase in pro‐inflammatory cytokine levels. In this regard, obesity and food allergies should be considered from the standpoint of comorbidity, and the study of immune status markers dynamics in obese patients with concomitant food allergies at the background of diet therapy will create prerequisites for determining the criteria of the effectiveness of the treatment. AIM: To study the of immune status markers dynamics on the background of rotational diet therapy for obesity. METHODS: A single‐site, randomized controlled trial was conducted. The duration of observation of the patients was 14 days. There were 68 patients with obesity, aged 47.4 ± 5.4 years, randomly divided into 2 homogeneous groups. Levels of allergen‐specific IgG to 90 food allergens were measured to all patients of the main group by enzyme immunoassay method. The comparison group received a standard low‐calorie diet. In both groups, the levels of pro‐inflammatory markers (IL‐1β, TNFα, IL‐6) were determined using commercial Biosource kits (Belgium). RESULTS: In evaluating of the cytokine status and the level of non‐specific markers of inflammation at the initial stage of the study, patients with a body mass index above 35 showed a significant increase in concentrations of C‐reactive protein, IL‐1β, and IL‐6. Analysis of allergen‐specific IgG to 90 food allergens showed that food intolerance was found often to milk, dairy products, gluten. Analyzing the dynamics of the level of pro‐inflammatory markers during treatment, a significant decrease in the level of CRP, IL‐6, IL‐1β was detected in the main group 15 % (p < 0.05), 14 % (p < 0.05), 10 % respectively, while in the comparison group the decrease in the level of IL‐6 was 9 %, IL‐1β by 6 %,CRP by 10 % (p < 0.05). CONCLUSION: In patients with obesity with concomitant food intolerance there are changes in the immune status in the form of increased levels of pro‐inflammatory markers. During the observation a more significant decrease was found in the studied parameters in the main group was detected at the background of rotational diet therapy in relation to the comparison group. The decrease in the concentrations of the studied markers in the serum during the study is an indicator of the effectiveness of rotational diet therapy.
Immune markers of the effectiveness of a rotary diet for obesity in adults$$$ BACKGROUND: Chronic immune inflammation in obesity is pathogenetically associated with the development insulin resistance and the metabolic syndrome. However, there are a number of works devoted to the relationship of obesity and allergic diseases, in which data were obtained on models of bronchial asthma and allergic rhinitis. In obesity against a background of chronic immune inflammation, a more severe course of concomitant allergic disease is observed, accompanied by an increase in pro‐inflammatory cytokine levels. In this regard, obesity and food allergies should be considered from the standpoint of comorbidity, and the study of immune status markers dynamics in obese patients with concomitant food allergies at the background of diet therapy will create prerequisites for determining the criteria of the effectiveness of the treatment. Aim is to study the of immune status markers dynamics on the background of rotational diet therapy for obesity. METHODS: A single‐site, randomized controlled trial was conducted. The duration of observation of the patients was 14 days. There were 68 patients with obesity, aged 47.4 F 5.4 years, randomly divided into two homogeneous groups. Levels of allergen‐specific IgG to 90 food allergens were measured to all patients of the main group by enzyme immunoassay method. The comparison group received a standard low‐calorie diet. In both groups, the levels of proinflammatory markers (IL‐1β, TNFα, and IL‐6) were determined using commercial Biosource its (Belgium). RESULTS: In evaluating of the cytokine status and the level of non‐specific markers of inflammation at the initial stage of the study, patients with a body mass index above 35 showed a significant increase in concentrations of C‐reactive protein, IL‐1β, and IL‐6. Analysis of llergen‐specific IgG to 90 food allergens showed that food intolerance was found often to milk, dairy products, and gluten. Analyzing the dynamics of the level of pro‐inflammatory markers during treatment, a significant decrease in the level of CRP, IL‐6, and IL‐1β was detected in the main group 15% (p < 0.05), 14% (p < 0.05), and 10%, respectively, while in the comparison group, the decrease in the level of IL‐6 was 9%, IL‐1β by 6%, and CRP by 10% (p < 0.05). CONCLUSION: In patients with obesity with concomitant food intolerance, there are changes in the immune status in the form of increased levels of pro‐inflammatory markers. During the observation a more significant decrease was found in the studied parameters in the main group was detected at the background of rotational diet therapy in relation to the comparison group. The decrease in the concentrations of the studied markers in the serum during the study is an indicator of the effectiveness of rotational diet therapy.
Cocoa flavanol consumption improves cognitive function, blood pressure control, and metabolic profile in elderly subjects: the Cocoa, Cognition, and Aging (CoCoA) Study--a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Recent evidence has indicated that flavanol consumption may have many health benefits in humans, including improved cognitive activities. OBJECTIVE: The aim was to evaluate the effect of flavanol consumption on cognitive performance in cognitively intact elderly subjects. DESIGN: This was a double‐blind, controlled, parallel‐arm study conducted in 90 elderly individuals without clinical evidence of cognitive dysfunction who were randomly assigned to consume daily for 8 wk a drink containing 993 mg [high flavanol (HF)], 520 mg [intermediate flavanol (IF)], or 48 mg [low flavanol (LF)] cocoa flavanols (CFs). Cognitive function was assessed at baseline and after 8 wk by using the Mini‐Mental State Examination (MMSE), the Trail Making Test (TMT) A and B, and the Verbal Fluency Test (VFT). RESULTS: The changes in MMSE score in response to the 3 different treatments were not different. In contrast, there was a positive impact of the intervention on specific aspects of cognitive function. Mean changes (±SEs) in the time required to complete the TMT A and B after consumption of the HF (‐8.6 ± 0.4 and ‐16.5 ± 0.8 s, respectively) and IF (‐6.7 ± 0.5 and ‐14.2 ± 0.5 s, respectively) drinks significantly (P < 0.0001) differed from that after consumption of the LF drinks (‐0.8 ± 1.6 and ‐1.1 ± 0.7 s, respectively). Similarly, VFT scores significantly improved among all treatment groups, but the magnitude of improvement in the VFT score was significantly (P < 0.0001) greater in the HF group (7.7 ± 1.1 words/60 s) than in the IF (3.6 ± 1.2 words/60 s) and LF (1.3 ± 0.5 words/60 s) groups. Significantly different improvements in insulin resistance (P < 0.0001), blood pressure (P < 0.0001), and lipid peroxidation (P = 0.001) were also observed for the HF and IF groups in comparison with the LF group. Changes in insulin resistance explained ∼17% of changes in composite z score (partial r² = 0.1703, P < 0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: This dietary intervention study provides evidence that regular CF consumption can reduce some measures of age‐related cognitive dysfunction, possibly through an improvement in insulin sensitivity. These data suggest that the habitual intake of flavanols can support healthy cognitive function with age.
A pilot study to evaluate the effect of soy isolate protein on the serum lipid profile and other potential cardiovascular risk markers in moderately hypercholesterolemic Chinese adults$$$ This article examines the effect of soy isolate protein on the serum lipids and other potential cardiovascular risk markers in 90 moderately hypercholesterolemic Chinese adults (64 women and 26 men, aged 25 to 70 years). Fasting blood samples were taken before and after consuming 24 g of protein supplied by soy isolate protein supplement (including 18 g soy protein and 6 g milk protein) or milk protein supplement daily for 8 weeks. Dietary intake was assessed by a 3‐day record collected at baseline, week 4, and week 8 of the study. The results indicate that the two kinds of protein can modestly improve serum lipids and markers associated with obesity and inflammation.
Effect of reduced-calcium and high-calcium cheddar cheese consumption on the excretion of faecal fat: a 2-week cross-over dietary intervention study$$$ Purpose: Studies show that dairy fat consumed in the form of cheese reduce LDL‐cholesterol concentration (LDL‐c) compared to butter and mechanistic suggestions include the calcium content of cheese leading to enhanced faecal fat excretion. The aim of this study was to test the effect of varying the calcium content within a cheese, on faecal fat excretion as a primary outcome, and blood lipid markers, fasting glucose and calcium excretion as secondary outcomes. Methods: 7 healthy males (BMI 18–25) participated in this randomized, cross‐over control intervention, of 3 × 2 week periods. Diets contained 240 g/day cheese$$$ a High Calcium Cheese (HCC) diet, a Reduced Calcium Cheese (RCC) diet, and a control arm: Reduced Calcium Cheese + CaCO3 Supplement (RCC + Supp) diet. Diets differed in calcium content and form but were otherwise controlled for energy and key macronutrients. Blood and 5‐day faecal samples were collected. Results: There was no significant difference in faecal fat excretion (g/day) between the diets (P = 0.066). Percent fat of faecel excretion was higher after RCC + Supp (P = 0.016). None of the individual fatty acids were different. Fasting LDL‐c was significantly lower following the HCC diet vs. the other arms (P = 0.002). Faecal Ca was different across all diets (P = 0.001), lowest after RCC, and greatest after RCC + Supp. No differences were observed for fasting blood parameters or changes in anthropometry. Conclusion: Varying the calcium content within a cheese matrix significantly affected fasting LDL‐c values. Results did not support higher faecal fat excretion as an underlying mechanism, but the high attrition rate was a limitation. Trial registerer Trial Registered at ISRCTN.org, registration number ISRCTN11663659 on 12.07.2022. Retrospectively registered.
The effect of strawberries in a cholesterol-lowering dietary portfolio$$$ Effective diets reduce blood lipids and oxidative damage, both of which have been linked to the complications of diabetes and coronary heart disease. Our objective was to assess the effect of adding strawberries, as a source of antioxidants, to improve the antioxidant effect of a cholesterol‐lowering diet (dietary portfolio). To this end, 28 hyperlipidemic subjects who had followed the dietary portfolio consisting of soy, viscous fiber, plant sterol, and nuts for a mean of 2.5 years were randomized to receive supplements of strawberries (454 g/d, 112 kcal) or additional oat bran bread (65 g/d, 112 kcal, approximately 2 g beta‐glucan) (control) in a randomized 1‐month crossover study with a 2‐week washout. Strawberry supplementation resulted in a greater reduction in oxidative damage to low‐density lipoprotein (LDL) measured as thiobarbituric acid‐reactive substances in the LDL fraction (P = .014). At the end of the strawberry period, reductions in LDL cholesterol and in the ratio of total to high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol were maintained close to 1‐year values at ‐13.4% +/‐ 2.1% and ‐15.2% +/‐ 1.7%, respectively (P < .001), and were similar to the post‐oat bran bread values. Strawberries also improved the palatability of the diet. We conclude that strawberry supplementation reduced oxidative damage to LDL while maintaining reductions in blood lipids and enhancing diet palatability. Added fruit may improve the overall utility of diets designed to lower coronary heart disease risk.
The effects of DASH diet on weight loss and metabolic status in adults with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: a randomized clinical trial$$$ BACKGROUND & AIMS: This study was designed to determine the effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet on weight loss and metabolic status in overweight patients with non‐alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). METHODS: This randomized controlled clinical trial was done among 60 overweight and obese patients with NAFLD. Patients were randomly allocated to consume either the control (n = 30) or the DASH eating pattern (n = 30) for 8 weeks. Both diets were designed to be calorie‐restricted. Both diets were consisted of 52‐55% carbohydrates, 16‐18% proteins and 30% total fats$$$ however, the DASH diet was designed to be rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and low‐fat dairy products and low in saturated fats, cholesterol and refined grains. RESULTS: Adherence to the DASH eating pattern, compared to the control diet, weight (P = 0.006), BMI (P = 0.01), alanine aminotransferase (ALT) (P = 0.02), alkalin phosphatase (ALP) (P = 0.001), insulin levels (P = 0.01), homoeostasis model of assessment‐estimated insulin resistance (HOMA‐IR) (P = 0.01) significantly decreased and quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI) (P = 0.004) significantly increased. Compared with the control diet, the DASH diet has resulted in significant reductions in serum triglycerides (P = 0.04) and total‐/HDL‐cholesterol ratio (P = 0.01). Finally, decreased concentrations of serum high‐sensitivity C‐reactive protein (hs‐CRP) (P = 0.03), malondialdehyde (MDA) (P = 0.04), increased levels of nitric oxide (NO) (P = 0.01) and glutathione (GSH) (P = 0.009) were found in the DASH group compared with the control group. CONCLUSIONS: Consumption of DASH diet for 8 weeks among patients with NAFLD had beneficial effects on weight, BMI, ALT, ALP, triglycerides, markers of insulin metabolism, inflammatory markers, GSH and MDA.
Polycystic ovary syndrome and vitamin D status-impact of vitamin D supplementation on insulin resistance$$$ BACKGROUND: There is a worldwide epidemic of Vitamin D deficiency with Kashmir Valley (Northern India) being no exception. About 83% of apparently healthy adults in the Kashmir valley are reported to be vitamin D deficient despite adequate exposure to sunlight and adequate consumption of dairy products. A positive correlation between vitamin D deficiency, glucose intolerance and impaired insulin secretion has been demonstrated in subjects with PCOS. Serum levels of 25‐hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH) D] are inversely correlated with insulin resistance (IR) in subjects with PCOS. Apart from vitamin D deficiency, PCOS is also very common in Kashmir Valley. OBJECTIVE: To determine the association between vitamin D status and components of Metabolic Syndrome (Met‐S) in women with PCOS and the effects of vitamin D supplementation on IR parameters. STUDY DESIGN:In thisrandomized double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial, 123 eligible enrolled subjects were randomly divided into three groups of 41 each: Group I: Active Vitamin D3 Tablets (1000U/tab), twice a day plus placebo sachets$$$ Group II: Placebo Tablets plus Active Vitamin D3 sachets (60,000U/sachet)$$$ and Group III: Tablets: Placebo$$$ sachets: Placebo. Effects of Vitamin D supplementation, 2,000 IU per day (Group I) or 60,000 IU per month (Group II) were compared with those of placebo (Group III) on measures of IR at 3 months. METHODS: The fasting blood glucose, insulin, 25(OH) D, HOMA‐IR and QUICKIE were measured at baseline and after treatment. RESULTS: Hypovitaminosis D was present in 115 out of 123 PCOS women (93.4%). Of the 115 subjects with hypovitaminosis D, 98 (79.7%) had vitamin D deficiency (< 20 ng/ml). Using the IDF criteria Met‐S was identified in 30 subjects (24.4%). Baseline 25(OH) D did not show any correlation with components of Met‐S. The mean 25(OH) D levels increased from 13.76±10.60 ng/dl to 25.71±15.04 ng/dl after intervention (86.84% change).Post Vitamin D supplementation, 48(39%) subjects achieved vitamin D sufficiency as compared to 8(6.5%) at baseline. Similarly the number of subjects with severe, moderate and mild vitamin deficiency before intervention i.e. 55(44.7%), 43(35%) and 17(13.8%) respectively improved to 25(20.3%), 19(15.4%) and 31(25.2%) after intervention. The mean HOMAIR did not show any significant change overall (2.30±4.13 vs. 3.96±6.82), but in 53 subjects in whom Vitamin D levels increased by two‐fold with a post‐supplementation 25(OH)D level of ≥20 ng/ml, a statistically significant improvement in HOMA‐IR was observed (P= 0.025). CONCLUSIONS: Vitamin D3 supplementation equivalent to 2000 IU daily for 3 months normalises vitamin D status in around half of the predominantly Vitamin D deficient subjects with PCOS, but improves insulin resistance in only those with significant increase in vitamin D levels (two‐fold increase with a post‐supplementation 25(OH)D level of 20 ng/ml or more).
Randomised trial of coconut oil, olive oil or butter on blood lipids and other cardiovascular risk factors in healthy men and women$$$ INTRODUCTION: High dietary saturated fat intake is associated with higher blood concentrations of low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL‐C), an established risk factor for coronary heart disease. However, there is increasing interest in whether various dietary oils or fats with different fatty acid profiles such as extra virgin coconut oil may have different metabolic effects but trials have reported inconsistent results. We aimed to compare changes in blood lipid profile, weight, fat distribution and metabolic markers after four weeks consumption of 50 g daily of one of three different dietary fats, extra virgin coconut oil, butter or extra virgin olive oil, in healthy men and women in the general population. DESIGN: Randomised clinical trial conducted over June and July 2017. SETTING: General community in Cambridgeshire, UK. PARTICIPANTS: Volunteer adults were recruited by the British Broadcasting Corporation through their websites. Eligibility criteria were men and women aged 50‐75 years, with no known history of cancer, cardiovascular disease or diabetes, not on lipid lowering medication, no contraindications to a high‐fat diet and willingness to be randomised to consume one of the three dietary fats for 4 weeks. Of 160 individuals initially expressing an interest and assessed for eligibility, 96 were randomised to one of three interventions$$$ 2 individuals subsequently withdrew and 94 men and women attended a baseline assessment. Their mean age was 60 years, 67% were women and 98% were European Caucasian. Of these, 91 men and women attended a follow‐up assessment 4 weeks later. INTERVENTION: Participants were randomised to extra virgin coconut oil, extra virgin olive oil or unsalted butter and asked to consume 50 g daily of one of these fats for 4 weeks, which they could incorporate into their usual diet or consume as a supplement. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: The primary outcome was change in serum LDL‐C$$$ secondary outcomes were change in total and high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (TC and HDL‐C), TC/HDL‐C ratio and non‐HDL‐C$$$ change in weight, body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, per cent body fat, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, fasting plasma glucose and C reactive protein. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NCT03105947$$$ Results. RESULTS: LDL‐C concentrations were significantly increased on butter compared with coconut oil (+0.42, 95% CI 0.19 to 0.65 mmol/L, P<0.0001) and with olive oil (+0.38, 95% CI 0.16 to 0.60 mmol/L, P<0.0001), with no differences in change of LDL‐C in coconut oil compared with olive oil (‐0.04, 95% CI ‐0.27 to 0.19 mmol/L, P=0.74). Coconut oil significantly increased HDL‐C compared with butter (+0.18, 95% CI 0.06 to 0.30 mmol/L) or olive oil (+0.16, 95% CI 0.03 to 0.28 mmol/L). Butter significantly increased TC/HDL‐C ratio and non‐HDL‐C compared with coconut oil but coconut oil did not significantly differ from olive oil for TC/HDL‐C and non‐HDL‐C. There were no significant differences in changes in weight, BMI, central adiposity, fasting blood glucose, systolic or diastolic blood pressure among any of the three intervention groups. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Two different dietary fats (butter and coconut oil) which are predominantly saturated fats, appear to have different effects on blood lipids compared with olive oil, a predominantly monounsaturated fat with coconut oil more comparable to olive oil with respect to LDL‐C. The effects of different dietary fats on lipid profiles, metabolic markers and health outcomes may vary not just according to the general classification of their main component fatty acids as saturated or unsaturated but possibly according to different profiles in individual fatty acids, processing methods as well as the foods in which they are consumed or dietary patterns. These findings do not alter current dietary recommendations to reduce saturated fat intake in general but highlight the need for further elucidation of the more nuanced relationships between different dietary fats and health.
Avoiding milk is associated with a reduced risk of insulin resistance and the metabolic syndrome: findings from the British Women's Heart and Health Study$$$ OBJECTIVE: To examine the association of milk consumption with insulin resistance and the metabolic syndrome. METHODS: The association was examined in 4024 British women aged 60‐79 who were randomly selected from primary care centres in 23 towns. RESULTS: Women who never drank milk had lower homeostasis model assessment insulin resistance (HOMA) scores, triglyceride concentrations and body mass indices, and higher high‐density lipoprotein (HDL)‐cholesterol concentrations, than those who drank milk. The age‐adjusted odds ratio for the metabolic syndrome comparing non‐milk drinkers with drinkers was 0.55 (0.33, 0.94), which did not attenuate with adjustment for potential confounders. Diabetes was less common in non‐milk drinkers. CONCLUSION: Individuals who do not drink milk may be protected against insulin resistance and the metabolic syndrome. However, randomized controlled trials are required to establish whether milk avoidance is causally associated with these outcomes.
Optimizing dietary fat in a weight-loss trial requires advice based on a structured "whole-of-diet" model$$$ Dietary trials may link macronutrient intakes to health outcomes, but adherence to dietary targets requires advice based on an understanding of food composition and consumption patterns. Using data from a weight loss trial, we hypothesized that structured advice would be required for significant fat modification to occur. We compared participants' food choice patterns in response to advice based on a structured "whole‐of‐diet" model vs a general approach to healthy eating. Overweight participants (n = 122) were randomized to 2 advice arms (saturated fat [SFA] < 10% energy [E]): (1) general low fat (LF) control‐(a) isoenergy, (b) ‐2000 kJ$$$ and (2) structured LF high polyunsaturated fat (PUFA) (∼10% energy PUFA$$$ PUFA to SFA ratio ≥1) (LF‐PUFA)‐(a) isoenergy, (b) ‐2000 kJ. Intakes of E and fat and fat from food groups (percentage of total fat intake) were compared at baseline, 3 months, P < .05. Baseline diets were similar, with most fat from high‐SFA foods (59%): meat and milk‐based staple meals and high‐fat snacks. By 3 months, all groups reduced E and met the SFA target. Polyunsaturated fat targets were met by the LF‐PUFA groups only (P < .001), enabling targeted between‐group differences. In response to general advice, LF groups simply switched to LF alternatives of the same foods (P < .05). In comparison, LF‐PUFA groups shifted fat intake to high‐PUFA choices (54%), consuming more fat than controls from nuts (P < .001), whole grains (P < .001), and oils and spreads (P < .05). Significant reductions in E were achieved regardless of advice, but significant shifts in dietary fat profile relied on structured whole‐of‐diet advice on a range of meal and snack food sources of fat subtypes.
Effect of soy protein from differently processed products on cardiovascular disease risk factors and vascular endothelial function in hypercholesterolemic subjects$$$ BACKGROUND: The magnitude of the effect of soy protein on lipoprotein concentrations is variable. This discordance is likely attributable to the various forms of soy protein used and to unrecognized shifts in dietary fatty acid, cholesterol, and fiber. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to evaluate the effect of soybean processing as well as soy consumption relative to animal protein, independent of alterations in major dietary variables, on cardiovascular disease risk factors and vascular endothelial function. DESIGN: Twenty‐eight hypercholesterolemic subjects (LDL cholesterol >/=3.36 mmol/L) aged >50 y consumed each of 4 diets for 6‐wk periods according to a randomized crossover design. The diets [55% of energy as carbohydrate, 30% of energy as fat, and 15% of energy as protein‐7.5% of energy as experimental protein (37.5 g/d)] were designed to contain products made from either whole soybeans, soyflour, or soymilk and were compared with a diet containing an equivalent amount of animal protein (meat, chicken, and dairy products). The cholesterol, fiber, and fatty acid profiles of the diets were equalized. All food and drink were provided, and body weight was maintained throughout the study. RESULTS: No significant differences in blood pressure, vascular endothelial function, or total cholesterol, VLDL‐cholesterol, triacylglycerol, apolipoprotein B, or C‐reactive protein concentrations were observed between the diets. Consumption of the soymilk diet resulted in a modest decrease (4%) in LDL‐cholesterol concentrations compared with the animal‐protein and soyflour diets (P < 0.05) and higher HDL‐cholesterol (1%) and apolipoprotein A‐I (2%) concentrations compared with the soybean and soyflour diets (P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: The results suggest that the consumption of differently processed soy‐based products and different types of protein (animal and soy) has little clinical effect on cardiovascular disease risk factors, including peripheral endothelial function, when other major dietary variables are held constant.
2019 IDSOG Annual Meeting$$$ The proceedings contains 81 papers. The topics discussed include: Comparison of obstetric to institutional antibiograms as an approach to advance antimicrobial stewardship in maternal care$$$A pharmacokinetic and treatment study of ledipasvir/sofosbuvir in pregnant women with hepatitis C virus$$$Chorioamnionitis versus intraamniotic infection among preterm deliveries: is postpartum infectious morbidity different?$$$Pregnancy latency associated with oral compared to intravenous antibiotics following preterm premature rupture of membranes$$$HIV‐adapted group prenatal care: assessing viral suppression and postpartum retention in care$$$Intrapartum antibiotic therapy with cefazolin rather than clindamycin or metronidazole is associated with lower postpartum infectious morbidity among women with chorioamnionitis delivering by cesarean$$$The vaginal microbiota, high‐risk human papillomavirus infection, and cervical intraepithelial neoplasia: results from a population‐based study$$$Patterns of treatment and tests of reinfection for trichomoniasis in pregnancy at a large safety‐net hospital$$$A comparison of 2 g single‐dose versus 7‐dayÂ 500 mg twice daily metronidazole for the treatment trichomoniasis in women by selected clinical factors$$$Immunoglobulin A, immunoglobulin G, and neutralizing antibodies to respiratory syncytial virus increase in human milk following immunization with an RSV F protein vaccine$$$Safety of third trimester immunization with a respiratory syncytial virus F protein vaccine and protection of infants over the first 180 days of life against all‐cause lower respiratory tract infection$$$Randomized trial to prevent congenital cytomegalovirus$$$Real‐world outcomes associated with nucleic acid amplified versus direct DNA probe testing for vaginitis$$$Characterizing the vaginal microbiome in women with recurrent bacterial vaginosis and treatment implications$$$Diagnostic accuracy of clinical criteria for bacterial vaginosis, vulvovaginal candidiasis and BV/VVC co‐infections$$$Elevated risk of bacterial vaginosis among copper intrauterine device users: a prospective cohort analysis
Effect of high fat feeding on inflammatory cytokines in obese and healthy children$$$ Background and Rationale Adult and pediatric obesity are associated with chronic inflammation. In adults, this inflammation, considered a major pathogenetic link to future development of cardiovascular disease, is manifested partly by the systemic elevation of circulating leukocytes and pro‐inflammatory cytokines. These alterations are present chronically in obese adults, and acutely exacerbated by elevations in circulating lipids. Despite the recent alarming increase in the prevalence of pediatric obesity, the interaction of hyperlipidemia and systemic inflammation remains poorly defined in children. The purpose of the study was therefore to determine the leukocyte and cytokine profile of obese (Ob) vs. non‐obese (Non‐ob) children (10‐17 y.o) in response to the ingestion of a high‐fat dairy mixture. Methods Seven Ob (BMI ≥95%, 13.7+2.6 y.o., 3F) and 8 Non‐ob (13.3+1.7 y.o., 3F) children without cardiovascular complications were enrolled. During two separate visits, participants ingested a heavy cream mixture (1.5g fat/kg body weight) or placebo drink (non‐caloric vitamin water) after a 10‐12 hr overnight fast. Blood was drawn at fasting (30 min following IV catheter insertion), one hour, and two hours after the drinks were given. Blood was centrifuged, plasma isolated and frozen at ‐80° until batch analysis by ELISA for MCP‐1, IL1‐RA, IL‐6. Lipid panel and differential blood counts were also analyzed at the three time points. Data were analyzed via 2‐way RM AVOVA, with Dunnet's post‐hoc test when appropriate. Results The heavy cream mixture caused a doubling of triglyceride concentrations from fasting for both Ob and Non‐ob children (95±17 to 207±47 Ob, 66±14 to 128±16 mg/dl Non‐ob). In response to fat‐feeding, both group's total white blood cell counts increased significantly after 2 hrs (6900±400 to 7900±600/ul Ob, p<0.0001$$$ 5400±600 to 6000±600/ul Non‐ob, p=0.01). Throughout the study, plasma IL‐6 concentrations were elevated in Ob compared to Non‐ob (p=0.001). Interestingly, IL‐6 concentrations significantly further increased 2 hr after fat ingestion in Ob (1.4±0.2 to 2.0 ±0.3 pg/mL, p=0.01) but not Non‐ob (0.7±0.1 to 0.7±0.1 pg/mL)(see figure). IL‐1RA concentrations were elevated in Ob vs Non‐ob (361+64 vs 71+33 pg/mL, fasting, p=0.01) but did not increase with fat feeding in either group. MCP‐1 concentrations at fasting were similar in both groups (57±3, Ob, 50±5 pg/mL, Non‐ob), and were similarly, slightly increased by fat feeding (p=0.056). Conclusions Ob children display a chronically elevated immune profile with more circulating leukocytes, IL‐6, and IL‐1RA concentrations as compared to controls. Acute fat ingestion caused an increase in white blood cell counts in both Ob and Non‐ob children. Ob children, however, displayed a greater sensitivity to the pro‐inflammatory stimulus associated with fat ingestion, experiencing an additional increase in IL‐6 concentrations that was not observed in Non‐ob children. Clear understanding of the differential immune response between Ob and Non‐ob children to everyday stimuli may elucidate the key factors that contribute to development of future obesity‐related cardiovascular complications.
Postprandial Responses to Lipid and Carbohydrate Ingestion in Repeated Subcutaneous Adipose Tissue Biopsies in Healthy Adults$$$ Adipose tissue is a primary site of meta‐inflammation. Diet composition influences adipose tissue metabolism and a single meal can drive an inflammatory response in postprandial period. This study aimed to examine the effect lipid and carbohydrate ingestion compared with a non‐caloric placebo on adipose tissue response. Thirty‐three healthy adults (age 24.5 ± 3.3 year (mean ± standard deviation (SD))$$$ body mass index (BMI) 24.1 ± 3.2 kg/m2, were randomised into one of three parallel beverage groups$$$ placebo (water), carbohydrate (maltodextrin) or lipid (dairy‐cream). Subcutaneous, abdominal adipose tissue biopsies and serum samples were collected prior to (0 h), as well as 2 h and 4 h after consumption of the beverage. Adipose tissue gene expression levels of monocyte chemoattractant protein‐1 (MCP‐1), interleukin 6 (IL‐6) and tumor necrosis factor‐α (TNF‐α) increased in all three groups, without an increase in circulating TNF‐α. Serum leptin (0.6‐fold, p = 0.03) and adipose tissue leptin gene expression levels (0.6‐fold, p = 0.001) decreased in the hours following the placebo beverage, but not the nutrient beverages. Despite increased inflammatory cytokine gene expression in adipose tissue with all beverages, suggesting a confounding effect of the repeated biopsy method, differences in metabolic responses of adipose tissue and circulating adipokines to ingestion of lipid and carbohydrate beverages were observed.
Postprandial effect of orlistat on the peaking of lipid level after sequential high fat meals$$$ Background: Postprandial lipemia has been found to be strongly associated with atherosclerosis due to its atherogenic and thrombogenic lipoprotein changes. This phenomenon occurs even in normal subjects especially after high fat meals. Orlistat, an anti‐ obesity drug, has been shown to address postprandial lipemia after a single high fat meal. Objectives: To compare the effects of orlistat and placebo on the postprandial lipid levels after sequential high‐fat meals in healthy individuals with normal fasting lipid levels. Patients and Methods: Thirty‐one healthy adult volunteers with normal fasting lipid levels were fed 50% fat meals (3 meals and 2 snacks of pre‐weighted butter and bread). The subjects were blindly randomized to receive either placebo or orlistat 120 mg before each main meal. The outcome parameters were total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), high‐density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, low‐density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, and very‐low‐density lipoprotein (VLDL) cholesterol levels measured at fasting (0 h) and every 2 h thereafter, until the sixteenth hour. Additionally, we estimated the lipid levels at the fifth and ninth hour. Results: The non‐orlistat group showed a significant postprandial rise in the levels of TG and VLDL, which began 4 h after breakfast (P < 0.05)$$$ this rise in levels was sustained until 9 h after breakfast for TG and up to 10 h after breakfast for VLDL. In contrast, only one significant rise in both TG and VLDL levels (at 4 h after breakfast) was noted in the orlistat group. The maximum mean difference from the baseline TG level for the orlistat group was lower than that for the non‐orlistat group (0.22 mmol/L vs. 0.756 mmol/L, respectively). Similarly, the maximum mean difference from the baseline VLDL level from baseline in the orlistat group was only 0.099 mmol/L, which was lower than that in the non‐orlistat group (0.588 mmol/L). LDL levels rose to a lesser extent in the orlistat group than in the non‐orlistat group (0.268 vs. 0.362 mmol/L). The TC levels did not show a postprandial rise$$$ instead, the levels reduced in both groups, with the orlistat group showing a higher reduction than the non‐orlistat group (‐0.288 vs.‐0.188 mmol/L). The orlistat group did not show any significant differences in the HDL measurements. Conclusions: Administration of orlistat abolished the significantly sustained postprandial rise of TG and VLDL levels in healthy individuals who were fed sequential 50% fat meals. © 2012 Kowsar Corp.
Postprandial Triglyceride-Rich Lipoproteins from Type 2 Diabetic Women Stimulate Platelet Activation Regardless of the Fat Source in the Meal$$$ SCOPE: The aim of this study is to examine whether postprandial (PP) triglyceride‐rich lipoproteins (TGRL) secreted after a moderate fat intake would activate platelets differently according to their fatty acid (FA) composition. METHODS AND RESULTS: In a parallel single‐blind randomized trial, 30 women with type 2 diabetes are assigned a breakfast containing 20 g lipids from butter versus hazelnut‐cocoa spread (HCS) rich in palm oil. Blood samples are collected at fasting and 4 h PP. FA composition of fasting and PP TGRL and their effects on the activation of platelets from healthy blood donors are assessed. Both breakfasts similarly increase plasma ApoB‐48, plasma, and TGRL triglycerides (p < 0.05). TGRL mean diameter increases after both breakfasts and is greater after the butter breakfast. Both breakfasts are rich in palmitic acid, and the HCS breakfast contains 45% oleic acid. TGRL FA composition reflects the dietary FA composition. Pre‐incubation of platelets with fasting and PP TGRL increases collagen‐stimulated aggregation (p < 0.01 vs control). Fasting and PP TGRL similarly increase agonist‐induced thromboxane B2 concentrations, and this effect is concentration‐dependent for PP TGRL. CONCLUSION: PP TGRL from type 2 diabetic women after a palm‐oil spread versus butter‐based mixed meal induce similar acute in vitro platelet activation.
Paraoxonase 1 activity in chylomicrons and VLDL: the effect of type 2 diabetes and meals rich in saturated fat and oleic acid$$$ Paraoxonase 1 (PON 1) has antioxidant and cardioprotective properties and is abnormally low in type 2 diabetic serum. This study aimed to determine the effect of type 2 diabetes and meals rich in saturated fat and oleic acid on PON1 activity in chylomicrons and very low density lipoproteins (VLDL). PON1 arylesterase activity was measured in chylomicrons and VLDL that were isolated in serum from 20 patients with type 2 diabetes and 20 age‐ and gender‐matched, overweight controls 3 h after meals rich in cream or olive oil in a randomized, cross‐over study. Chylomicron‐PON1 activity (45%, P = 0.02), ratio chylomicron‐PON1/chylomicron‐triacylglycerides (TAG) (42%, P = 0.03) and chylomicron‐protein content (46%, P < 0.001) were significantly lower in patients with type 2 diabetes compared with controls after the olive oil meal with comparable findings after the meal rich in cream. After ingestion of olive oil, chylomicron‐PON1 activity was significantly higher in controls (P = 0.01) and marginally higher (P = 0.06) in diabetic patients and chylomicron‐TAG were significantly (P < 0. 05) higher in both groups of subjects, compared with values after ingestion of cream. VLDL‐PON1 increased (two‐fold) significantly (P < 0.003) during both meals. Chylomicron‐PON1 activity was correlated significantly with chylomicron‐protein (P < 0.001, n = 40) and with postprandial serum PON1 activity (P ≤ 0.001, n = 40). Our data suggest that type 2 diabetes is associated with abnormally low chylomicron‐PON1 activity after fatty meals and this may be linked to lower chylomicron‐protein content and serum PON1 activity. Switching from saturated fat to olive oil in the meal increases PON1 activity in the chylomicron fraction largely due to increased numbers of chylomicron particles.
Antihypertensive effect of milk-derivative tripeptides. Randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study on the effects of grana padano cheese dop in hypertensive patients$$$ OBJECTIVE: Present data refers to a randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, cross‐over study in which 30 mild‐moderate hypertensive patients, received a dietary integration with Grana Padano DOP cheese to evaluate blood pressure (BP) changes.Cow‐milk fermentation induced by Lactobacillus helveticus produces peptides with sustained ACE inhibitory activity, mainly dues to 2 tripeptides (valyl‐prolyl‐proline and isoleucil‐prolyl‐proline) that have shown to lower blood pressure (BP) in experimental animals and in humans. Grana Padano DOP, an Italian semi‐fat hard cheese, has shown a potent in‐vitro ACE‐inhibitory effect due its high concentration of such tripeptides. DESIGN AND METHOD: Thirty mild‐moderate hypertensive patients presenting with BP values not on target (> 140 and /or > 90 mmHg) after their usual and stable (3 months at least) treatment were considered in the study. All patients received, in random fashion, a dietary integration with Grana Padano Cheese (30 g per day) and placebo (obtained with flavored bread mixed with fats and salts in concentrations equal to those of the cheese), in cross‐over fashion.BP was evaluated at baseline and at the end of the active and placebo treatment (2 months each) by: ‐Office BP (OBP) and Automated Office BP using the BpTRU, (VSM MedTech Ltd, Vancouver, Canada), an automated oscillometric device that provides the average of multiple (6) blood pressure measurements. RESULTS: The dietary integration with Grana Padano cheese resulted in a significant decrease in systolic and diastolic Office and Automated Office BP (BpTRU) mean values. The mean decrease (versus plaebo) was ‐6 mmHg for systolic and ‐5 mmHg for diastolic BP (Student's t test: p < 0.025 and p < 0.05 rispectively) CONCLUSIONS:: Dietary integration with milk derivatives containing valyl‐prolyl‐proline and isoleucil‐prolyl‐proline (such as Grana Padano DOP cheese) may be helpful to reach BP target in mild ‐to‐moderate hypertensive patients.
Examination of Serum Metabolome Altered by Dietary Carbohydrate, Milk Protein, and Soy Protein Interventions Identified Novel Metabolites Associated with Blood Pressure: the ProBP Trial$$$ SCOPE: This study aims to discover metabolites of dietary carbohydrate, soy and milk protein supplements and evaluate their roles in blood pressure (BP) regulation in the protein and blood pressure (ProBP), a cross‐over trial. METHODS AND RESULTS: Plasma metabolites are profiled at pre‐trial baseline and after 8 weeks of supplementation with carbohydrate, soy protein, and milk protein, respectively, among 80 ProBP participants. After Bonferroni correction (α = 6.49 × 10‐4 ), dietary interventions significantly changed 40 metabolites. Changes of erucate (22:1n9), an omega‐9 fatty acid, are positively associated with systolic BP changes (Beta = 1.90, p = 6·27 × 10‐4 ). This metabolite is also associated with higher odds of hypertension among 1261 participants of an independent cohort (odds ratio per unit increase = 1.34$$$ 95% confidence interval: 1.07‐1.68). High levels of acylcholines dihomo‐linolenoyl‐choline (p = 4.71E‐04) and oleoylcholine (p = 3.48E‐04) at baseline predicted larger BP lowering effects of soy protein. Increasing cheese intake during the trial, as reflected by isobutyrylglycine and isovalerylglycine, reduces the BP lowering effect of soy protein. CONCLUSIONS: The study identifies molecular signatures of dietary interventions. Erucate (22:1n9) increases systolic BP. Acylcholine enhances and cheese intake reduces the BP lowering effect of soy protein supplement.
Short-term effects of replacing milk with cola beverages on insulin-like growth factor-I and insulin-glucose metabolism: a 10 d interventional study in young men$$$ In the Western world, a trend towards increased consumption of carbonated soft drinks combined with a decreasing intake of milk is observed. This may affect circulating insulin‐like growth factor I (IGF‐I) and fasting insulin, as seen in pre‐pubertal children. The present study was designed to reflect the trend of replacing milk with carbonated beverages in young men and to study the effects of this replacement on IGF‐I, IGF‐binding protein 3 (IGFBP‐3), IGF‐I:IGFBP‐3 and glucose‐insulin metabolism. A randomised, controlled crossover intervention study, in which eleven men aged 22‐29 years were given a low‐Ca diet in two 10 d periods with 10 d washout in between. In one period, they drank 2.5 litres of Coca Cola(R) per day and the other period 2.5 litres of semi‐skimmed milk. Serum IGF‐I, IGFBP‐3 (RIA), insulin (fluoro immunoassay) and glucose (Cobas) were determined at baseline and end point of each intervention period. Insulin resistance and beta‐cell function were calculated with the homeostasis model assessment. A decrease in serum IGF‐I was observed in the cola period compared with the milk period (P < 0.05). No effects of treatment were observed on IGFBP‐3, IGF‐I:IGFBP‐3, insulin, glucose, insulin resistance or beta‐cell function. The present study demonstrates that high intake of cola over a 10 d period decreases total IGF‐I compared with a high intake of milk, with no effect on glucose‐insulin metabolism in adult men. It is unknown whether this is a transient phenomenon or whether it has long‐term consequences.
Probiotic Yogurt Fortified with Vitamin D Can Improve Glycemic Status in Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease Patients: a Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Non‐alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a significant public health problem globally and the most notable chronic liver disease in Asian countries. Various dietary supplements have been assessed as potential methods to alleviate the metabolic damages related to NAFLD, but the results of these works have been equivocal. This study aimed to evaluate the effects of probiotic yogurt fortified with vitamin D (Pro‐YFD) on glycemic and anthropometric indices in patients with NAFLD. One hundred and four NAFLD patients of both sexes were randomly allocated to 2 groups: group A (Pro‐YFD) and group B (unfortified yogurt). The intervention period was 3 months. Fasting blood samples were obtained for measuring fasting blood sugar (FBS) and insulin level. Food intake was measured using a validated food frequency questionnaire. Body composition was estimated by bio‐impedance. Eighty‐eight patients completed the study. The mean serum level of 25(OH)D3 was elevated signiﬁcantly (p < 0.001), while insulin level decreased signiﬁcantly (p < 0.003) in group A at the end of the study. FBS levels showed no significant differences between the groups at the end of the trial. Also, there were no significant changes in diet caloric intake, physical activity, or anthropometric indices in the 2 groups during the interventions. Pro‐YFD in the diets of patients with NAFLD may attenuate insulin resistance and improve serum level of 25(OH)D3.
TheCONCEPTT-Diet study: an analysis of diet and glycaemia inUK women with type 1 diabetes before and during pregnancy$$$ Background and aims: CONCEPTT is a multicentre randomised controlled trial evaluating the impact of real‐time continuous glucose monitoring (RT‐CGM) onmaternal glycaemic control before and during pregnancy. CONCEPTT‐Diet is a prospective observational study of UK participants aiming to investigate the relationship between maternal diet and glycaemia. Materials and methods: Women with Type 1 diabetes, aged 18‐40 years, using insulin pump therapy ormultiple daily injections with baseline HbA1c 48‐86 mmol/mol (6.5‐10%) were eligible for the study. Participants were randomised to either RT‐CGM or Home GlucoseMonitoring (HGM) added to standard insulin delivery. UK participants who consented to be involved in the dietary study completed a 3‐day food diary at run‐in and at 24 weeks (pre‐pregnant cohort) or at 34 weeks gestation (pregnant cohort). Dietary analysis was performed using validated software Dietplan 6.0. Results: There were 54 participants in the pre‐pregnant cohort. Baseline mean energy intake was 1577 kcal/day, of which 42% was derived from carbohydrates (mean 175 g/day) and 41% from fat (mean 71 g/day). 49% of mean daily carbohydrate intake was from recommended sources. In the HGM group (n=30), mean daily protein consumption increased between baseline and follow‐up, due to increased consumption of meat, bread and cheese. Carbohydrate intake from confectionary increased in both HGM and CGMgroups, with greater change observed in the CGMgroup (40% v. 25%). In the pregnant cohort (n=44), mean daily energy intake was 1764 kcal, of which 43% was from carbohydrates (mean 204 g/day) and 40% from fat (mean 78 g/day). 49% of mean carbohydrate intake was from recommended sources. At baseline, macronutrient intake was more evenly spread throughout the day with larger snacks and smaller meals compared to the pre‐pregnant cohort. No significant change in macronutrient consumption was observed in the HGM group (n=25) between baseline and follow‐up. In the CGMgroup (n=19), mean fat consumption decreased by 10 g/day, but baseline fat intake was high (mean 85 g/day). Carbohydrate intake from confectionary also decreased in both groups with greater change observed in the CGM group (40% v. 30%). Conclusion: Participants in this study demonstrate increased energy consumption from fats and corresponding lower consumption from carbohydrates compared to the background UK population. More than half the carbohydrates consumed are from non‐recommended sources. Mean daily protein consumption increased between baseline and follow‐up in the women randomised to HGM before pregnancy but not during pregnancy. Mean carbohydrate intake from confectionary decreased in all groups with a greater change observed in the women receiving RT‐CGM.
Effect of a high-protein, energy-restricted diet on body composition, glycemic control, and lipid concentrations in overweight and obese hyperinsulinemic men and women$$$ BACKGROUND: It is not clear whether varying the protein‐to‐carbohydrate ratio of weight‐loss diets benefits body composition or metabolism. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to compare the effects of 2 weight‐loss diets differing in protein‐to‐carbohydrate ratio on body composition, glucose and lipid metabolism, and markers of bone turnover. DESIGN: A parallel design included either a high‐protein diet of meat, poultry, and dairy foods (HP diet: 27% of energy as protein, 44% as carbohydrate, and 29% as fat) or a standard‐protein diet low in those foods (SP diet: 16% of energy as protein, 57% as carbohydrate, and 27% as fat) during 12 wk of energy restriction (6‐6.3 MJ/d) and 4 wk of energy balance ( approximately 8.2 MJ/d). Fifty‐seven overweight volunteers with fasting insulin concentrations > 12 mU/L completed the study. RESULTS: Weight loss (7.9 +/‐ 0.5 kg) and total fat loss (6.9 +/‐ 0.4 kg) did not differ between diet groups. In women, total lean mass was significantly (P = 0.02) better preserved with the HP diet (‐0.1 +/‐ 0.3 kg) than with the SP diet (‐1.5 +/‐ 0.3 kg). Those fed the HP diet had significantly (P < 0.03) less glycemic response at weeks 0 and 16 than did those fed the SP diet. After weight loss, the glycemic response decreased significantly (P < 0.05) more in the HP diet group. The reduction in serum triacylglycerol concentrations was significantly (P < 0.05) greater in the HP diet group (23%) than in the SP diet group (10%). Markers of bone turnover, calcium excretion, and systolic blood pressure were unchanged. CONCLUSION: Replacing carbohydrate with protein from meat, poultry, and dairy foods has beneficial metabolic effects and no adverse effects on markers of bone turnover or calcium excretion.
The Effects of Medium-Chain Triglyceride Oil and Butter on Lipid Profiles$$$ Background and objective Butter coffee drinks, mainly a form of a saturated fat diet, are widely accepted as a "healthy energy‐boosting drink", especially in the young and healthy military population. The objective of our study was to determine the effects of medium‐chain triglyceride (MCT) oil and butter on lipid profile, especially apolipoprotein B (ApoB), low‐density lipoprotein (LDL)‐cholesterol (LDL‐C), high‐density lipoprotein (HDL)‐cholesterol (HDL‐C), and other risk factors for coronary heart disease, such as BMI, BP, fasting blood glucose, HbA1c, and high‐sensitivity C‐reactive protein (hs‐CRP) levels in healthy adults. Materials and methods We conducted a prospective study of 60 subjects who were randomized to one of the two following regimens: (1) coffee or (2) coffee with butter plus MCT oil combination. The primary outcome was the effect on ApoB. Secondary outcomes were as follows: non‐HDL‐C, LDL‐C, triglycerides, BP, waist circumference, fasting blood glucose, and HbA1c. These parameters were evaluated at the baseline and after 12 weeks. The Mann‐Whitney U test was utilized for analysis of the results. Results While 60 subjects were recruited for the study, only 41 completed it, meeting the minimum required sample size (17 per group) necessary to achieve the desired effect size: 21 males (nine in the control group and 12 in the experimental group) and 20 females (10 in each group). Anthropometric measures were similar between the two groups at baseline, and so were age and BMI (average age: 33.00 ± 5.84 years among controls and 30.86 ± 6.14 years in the experimental group$$$ BMI: 27.35 ± 4.63 kg/m2 vs. 25.74 ± 2.70 kg/m2). The pulse rate was 69.35 ± 10.98 in the control vs. 70.68 ± 10.32 bpm in the experimental group. The waist size was also similar in both groups. Baseline lab findings were as follows: ApoB: 89.85 ± 17.52 (control), 81.60 ± 12.84 mg/dL (experimental)$$$ hs‐CRP: 0.18 ± 0.27 (control), 0.17 ± 0.27 mg/L (experimental)$$$ LDL‐C 113.65 ±23.71 (control), 106.50 ± 18.99 mg/dL (experimental)$$$ HDL‐C 57.35 ± 14.63 (control), 62.41 ± 16.15 mg/dL (experimental)$$$ and triglycerides: 76.00 ± 31.30 (control), 56.77 ± 14.77 mg/dL (experimental), and these values were similar. The values after 12 weeks of intervention were as follows: BMI: 27.37 ± 5.24 (control), 26.36 ± 3.55 (experimental)$$$ pulse rate: 78.88 ± 14.00 (control), 74.20 ± 11.90 bpm (experimental)$$$ ApoB 87.1 ± 17.38 (control), 85.7 ±20.59 mg/dL (experimental)$$$ hs‐CRP 0.26 ± 0.22 (control), 0.15 ± 0.14 mg/L (experimental)$$$ LDL‐C 111.59 ± 20.35 (control), 114.10 ± 26.99 mg/dL (experimental)$$$ HDL‐C 57.71 ± 12.93 (control), 64.85 ± 13.32 mg/dL (experimental)$$$ and triglycerides: 74.71 ± 25.39 (control), 60.80 ± 15.77 mg/dL (experimental). Conclusion At a significance level of 5%, there was no difference between the two groups, either at the baseline or at 12 weeks of intervention. Based on our findings, adding MCT oil and butter to coffee may be safe. However, further studies with larger sample sizes and longer duration are needed to validate our findings.
Dietary patterns in relation to cardiovascular disease incidence and risk markers in a middle-aged british male population: data from the caerphilly prospective study$$$ Dietary behaviour is an important modifiable factor in cardiovascular disease (CVD) prevention. The study aimed to identify dietary patterns (DPs) and explore their association with CVD incidence and risk markers. A follow‐up of 1838 middle‐aged men, aged 47‐67 years recruited into the Caerphilly Prospective Cohort Study at phase 2 (1984‐1988) was undertaken. Principal component analysis identified three DPs at baseline, which explained 24.8% of the total variance of food intake. DP1, characterised by higher intakes of white bread, butter, lard, chips and sugar‐sweetened beverages and lower intake of wholegrain bread, was associated with higher CVD (HR 1.35: 95% CI: 1.10, 1.67) and stroke (HR 1.77$$$ 95% CI: 1.18, 2.63) incidence. DP3, characterised by higher intakes of sweet puddings and biscuits, wholegrain breakfast cereals and dairy (excluding cheese and butter) and lower alcohol intake, was associated with lower CVD (HR 0.76$$$ 95% CI: 0.62, 0.93), coronary heart disease (HR: 0.68$$$ 95% CI: 0.52, 0.90) and stroke (HR: 0.68$$$ 95% CI: 0.47, 0.99) incidence and a beneficial CVD profile at baseline, while DP1 with an unfavourable profile, showed no clear associations after 12 years follow‐up. Dietary pattern 2 (DP2), characterised by higher intake of pulses, fish, poultry, processed/red meat, rice, pasta and vegetables, was not associated with the aforementioned outcomes. These data may provide insight for development of public health initiatives focussing on feasible changes in dietary habits.
Positive effect of dietary soy in ESRD patients with systemic inflammation--correlation between blood levels of the soy isoflavones and the acute-phase reactants$$$ BACKGROUND: Inflammation is commonly associated with malnutrition and cardiovascular disease in end‐stage renal failure patients. Anti‐inflammatory properties of the isoflavones, a micronutrient component of soy, have been reported in several experimental models and disease conditions, but never in renal failure. We hypothesized that dietary soy isoflavones correct laboratory evidence of systemic inflammation in haemodialysis (HD) patients with underlying high blood levels of C‐reactive protein (CRP). METHODS: End‐stage renal disease patients on chronic HD, with elevated CRP (>10.0 mg/l) were enrolled in this pilot study. The subjects were double‐blind randomly distributed with 2 : 1 ratio to receive isoflavone‐containing soy‐based nutritional supplements (soy group) or isoflavone‐free milk protein (control group) for 8 weeks. Serum isoflavone, inflammatory markers and nutrition markers were assessed at baseline and at the end of the treatment. RESULTS: Thirty‐two subjects were enrolled. Fifteen subjects in the soy group and 10 in the control group completed the study$$$ five dropouts were due to acute illness and two due to food intolerance. After intervention, blood isoflavone levels were 5‐ to 10‐fold higher in the soy group than in the control group [e.g. median genistein (25‐75th percentile): 337.9 (175.5‐1007) nM in the soy group vs 41.4 (22.9‐100.4) nM in the control group$$$ P < 0.001]. However, the isoflavone levels ranged widely in the soy group (e.g. genistein: 33‐1868 nM) and, depending on the individual compound, four to seven subjects had end‐of‐treatment levels that were not different from baseline. Variation from baseline of the individual serum isoflavone levels (Delta‐isoflavone) and CRP displayed a strong inverse correlation in the soy group (R = ‐0.599, P < 0.02). In addition, Delta‐isoflavone correlated positively with the variation of albumin (R = 0.522, P = 0.05) and insulin‐like growth factor‐1 (R = 0.518, P < 0.05). Group levels of CRP were not statistically different after intervention although a trend towards lower levels was noted in the soy group [18.2 (12.7‐29.1) mg/l at baseline vs 9.7 (5.2‐20.7) mg/l at week 8$$$ NS] but not in the control group [20.6 (9.2‐38.5) vs 17.6 (9.1‐40.7) mg/l]. CONCLUSION: These data suggest the possibility of beneficial effects of isoflavone‐rich soy foods on the inflammatory and nutritional status of HD patients with underlying systemic inflammation.
Low-fat nondairy minidrink containing plant stanol ester effectively reduces LDL cholesterol in subjects with mild to moderate hypercholesterolemia as part of a western diet$$$ The cholesterol‐lowering efficacy of plant stanol ester (STAEST) added to fat‐ or milk‐based products is well documented. However, their efficacy when added to nondairy liquid drinks is less certain. Therefore, we have investigated the cholesterol‐lowering efficacy of STAEST added to a soymilk‐based minidrink in the hypercholesterolemic subjects. In a randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled parallel study, the intervention group (n = 27) consumed 2.7 g/d of plant stanols as the ester in soymilk‐based minidrink (65 mL/d) with the control group (n = 29) receiving the same drink without added plant stanols once a day with a meal for 4 weeks. Serum total, LDL, and non‐HDL cholesterol concentrations were reduced by 8.0, 11.1, and 10.2% compared with controls (P < 0.05 for all). Serum plant sterol concentrations and their ratios to cholesterol declined by 12‐25% from baseline in the STAEST group while the ratio of campesterol to cholesterol was increased by 10% in the controls (P < 0.05 for all). Serum precursors of cholesterol remained unchanged in both groups. In conclusion, STAEST‐containing soymilk‐based low‐fat minidrink consumed once a day with a meal lowered LDL and non‐HDL cholesterol concentrations without evoking any side effects in subjects consuming normal Western diet. The clinical trial registration number is NCT01716390. © 2013 Maarit Hallikainen et al.
Effect of high compared with low dairy intake on blood pressure in overweight middle-aged adults: results of a randomized crossover intervention study$$$ BACKGROUND: Observational studies suggest that high dairy intake is associated with a lower blood pressure (BP). OBJECTIVE: We aimed to investigate the effect of a high‐dairy diet (HDD) as compared with a low‐dairy diet (LDD) on BP in overweight middle‐aged adults. METHODS: Fifty‐two overweight men and women were included in a randomized crossover intervention study. Each subject consumed 2 isocaloric diets for 6 wk, an LDD (≤1 dairy portion per day) and an HDD (6 or 5 reduced‐fat dairy portions for men and women, respectively), with a 4‐wk washout period in between the diets during which the subjects consumed their habitual diet. BP was measured at the start and at the end of the intervention diets. The effect of the intervention study was evaluated by 2‐sample t tests. Mixed‐model analyses were used for adjustment for the potential influence of changes in dietary protein and mineral intake and risk factors for hypertension including body weight and plasma cholesterol. RESULTS: Consumption of an HDD as compared with an LDD resulted in a reduction of both systolic BP (mean ± SD: 4.6 ± 11.2 mm Hg, P < 0.01) and diastolic BP (3.0 ± 6.7 mm Hg, P < 0.01). In further analyses, these reductions appeared dependent on the concomitant increase in calcium intake. CONCLUSIONS: This intervention study shows that an HDD results in a reduction of both systolic and diastolic BP in overweight middle‐aged men and women. If the results of our study are reproduced by other studies, advice for high dairy intake may be added to treatment and prevention of high BP. This trial was registered at trialregister.nl as NTR4899.
A clinical trial on effectiveness of complimentary Ayurvedic treatment to increase cancer free life in healthy women carrying BRCA 1/2 gene, which is highly responsible for cancer of breast and ovary$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: SBD/MKD/KK/PANCHAKARMA: Morning‐ Suvarnabhasmadi Yoga â?? 197.5 mg with cowâ??s ghee, MauktikyuktaKamadudha â?? 250 mg / with milk, Evening MauktikyuktaKamadudha â?? 250 mg / with milk, After lunch and dinner â??Kumari Kalpa â?? 1 gm, Seasonal Panchkarma treatment Vamana or Basti for year 1 and Basti or Vamana depending upon patientâ??s condition in the 2nd and 3rd year. Local treatment procedure of Shirodhara (rate controlled flow of medicated oil on forehead) with Jatamansi Oil. Control Intervention1: NIL: Healthy carriers of BRCA 1/2 mutated genes who are not taking any Ayurvedic treatment. CONDITION: Health condition â??Healthy women who are carriers of BRCA 1/2 genes. Problem studied â??Preventing occurrence of cancer due to inherited susceptibility genes. PRIMARY OUTCOME: For assessment of occurrence, clinical examination, , USG (abdomen and pelvis) Mammography and MRI breast $$$ ‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: â?¢ Clinical assessment and laboratory tests will be done at 3 months interval since enrollment in 1st year then 6 monthly in 2nd and 3rd year $$$ â?¢Radiological assessment will be done at specific time points.MRI breast‐(baseline end of 1 year ,end of 3 years), Mammography (base line and end of 2 years), USG‐Abdomen and Pelvis‐(baseline,6 monthly, end of 1st year,end of 2nd year end of 3rd year). $$$ 3 sets of Panchakarma of 14 days yearly once will be given to study group patients. $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: Genetically predisposed healthy women with BRCA1/2 mutation carriers within 6 months to 1 year of diagnosis not suffering from any type of cancer. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Blood sugar‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Day 0‐Baseline(Before starting Ayurvedic treatment), after 6 months of ayurvedic treatment,after 1 year of ayurvedic treatment,after 1.5 year of ayurvedic treatment,after 2 year of ayurvedic treatment,after 2.5 year of ayurvedic treatment,after 3 year of ayurvedic treatment. CA 125‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Day 0‐Baseline(Before starting Ayurvedic treatment),after 6 months of ayurvedic treatment,after 1 year of ayurvedic treatment,after 2 year of ayurvedic treatment,after 2.5 year of ayurvedic treatment,after 3 year of ayurvedic treatment. Changes in heamogram‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Day 0‐Baseline(Before starting Ayurvedic treatment), After 3 months of ayurvedic treatment,after 6 months of ayurvedic treatment,after 9 months of ayurvedic treatment,after 1 year of ayurvedic treatment,after 1.5 year of ayurvedic treatment,after 2 year of ayurvedic treatment,after 2.5 year of ayurvedic treatment,after 3 year of ayurvedic treatment. Changes in Immune parameters (cytokines) like IL‐1,IL‐6, IL‐8,IL‐10,IFN gamma, TNF alpha‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Day 0‐Baseline(Before starting Ayurvedic treatment), After 3 months of ayurvedic treatment,after 6 months of ayurvedic treatment,after 9 months of ayurvedic treatment,after 1 year of ayurvedic treatment,after 1.5 year of ayurvedic treatment,after 2 year of ayurvedic treatment,after 2.5 year of ayurvedic treatment,after 3 year of ayurvedic treatment. Changes in karnofsky score‐for performance status‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Day 0‐Baseline(Before starting Ayurvedic treatment), After 3 months of ayurvedic treatment,after 6 months of ayurvedic treatment,after 9 months of ayurvedic treatment,after 1 year of ayurvedic treatment,after 1.5 year of ayurvedic treatment,after 2 year of ayurvedic treatment,after 2.5 year of ayurvedic treatment,after 3 year of ayurvedic treatment. Changes in Kidney function tests‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Day 0‐Baseline(Before starting Ayurvedic treatment), after 6 months of ayurvedic treatment,after 1 year of ayurvedic treatment,after 1.5 year of ayurvedic treatment,after 2 year of ayurvedic treatment,after 2.5 year of ayurvedic treatment,after 3 year of ayurvedic treatment. Changes in liver function tests‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Day 0‐Baseline(Before starting Ayurvedic treatment), after 6 months of ayurvedic treatment,after 1 year of ayurvedic treatment,after 1.5 year of ayurvedic treatment,after 2 year of ayurvedic treatment,after 2.5 year of ayurvedic treatment,after 3 year of ayurvedic treatment. Changes in oxidative stress by catalase ,SOD,GST‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Day 0‐Baseline(Before starting Ayurvedic treatment), After 3 months of ayurvedic treatment,after 6 months of ayurvedic treatment,after 9 months of ayurvedic treatment,after 1 year of ayurvedic treatment,after 1.5 year of ayurvedic treatment,after 2 year of ayurvedic treatment,after 2.5 year of ayurvedic treatment,after 3 year of ayurvedic treatment. changes in QLQ core for quality of life assessment‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Day 0‐Baseline(Before starting Ayurvedic treatment), After 3 months of ayurvedic treatment,after 6 months of ayurvedic treatment,after 9 months of ayurvedic treatment,after 1 year of ayurvedic treatment,after 1.5 year of ayurvedic treatment,after 2 year of ayurvedic treatment,after 2.5 year of ayurvedic treatment,after 3 year of ayurvedic treatment. CRP‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Day 0‐Baseline(Before starting Ayurvedic treatment), After 3 months of ayurvedic treatment,after 6 months of ayurvedic treatment,after 1 year of ayurvedic treatment,after 1.5 year of ayurvedic treatment,after 2 year of ayurvedic treatment,after 2.5 year of ayurvedic treatment,after 3 year of ayurvedic treatment.
Topical treatment of malignant and premalignant skin lesions by very low concentrations of a standard mixture (BEC) of solasodine glycosides$$$ A cream formulation containing high concentrations (10%) of a standard mixture of solasodine glycosides (BEC) has been shown to be effective in the treatment of malignant and benign human skin tumours. We now report that a preparation (Curaderm) which contains very low concentrations of BEC (0.005%) is effective in the treatment of keratoses, basal cell carcinomas (BCCs) and squamous cell carcinomas (SCCs) of the skin of humans. In an open study, clinical and histological observations indicated that all lesions (56 keratoses, 39 BCCs and 29 SCCs) treated with Curaderm had regressed. A placebo formulation had no effect on a smaller number of treated lesions. Curaderm had no adverse effect on the liver, kidneys or haematopoietic system.
Comparison of efficacy and safety of tretinoin 0.05% and glycolic acid peeling 70% in axillary and neck lesions of acanthosis nigricans: a single-blinded, randomized trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Acanthosis nigricans is a non‐inflammatory skin pigmentary disorder characterized by a dark, velvety appearance, primarily observed in the neck and axillary areas. It is commonly associated with obesity, diabetes, and insulin resistance. Although the primary treatment is correcting the underlying disorders, many aesthetic modalities have been established to improve appearance owing to cosmetic concerns. AIMS: We aimed to compare and investigate the effectiveness and side effects of tretinoin 0.05% and glycolic acid 70% in treating acanthosis nigricans lesions of the axillary and neck area. METHODS: This single‐blinded, randomized trial recruited patients with neck or axillary involvement. Each patient was randomized to use cream tretinoin 0.05% every other night on one side, while the other side was treated with glycolic acid 70%, which was applied every 2 weeks at the clinic for four consecutive sessions. The study duration was 8 weeks, and patients were evaluated every 2 weeks based on their response to treatment, satisfaction, and side effects. RESULTS: Thirty patients, including 14 with neck lesions and 16 with axillary lesions, were included. Tretinoin was significantly more effective for axillary lesions in terms of treatment response and patient satisfaction (p = 0.02 and p = 0.008, respectively). It was also shown that as the severity of the lesions increased, the response to treatment and patient satisfaction decreased, specifically when treating axillary lesions with glycolic acid (p = 0.02 and p = 0.03, respectively). CONCLUSION: Neither method was significantly effective for neck lesions. However, tretinoin 0.05% was shown to be more efficacious in treating axillary lesions of acanthosis nigricans, despite causing minimal side effects.
A linoleate-enriched cheese product reduces low-density lipoprotein in moderately hypercholesterolemic adults$$$ OBJECTIVE: To test the effect of substituting a modified‐fat cheese product into the diets of hypercholesterolemic adults. DESIGN: A 4‐month, randomized, double‐blind, crossover substitution trial. SETTING: General community outpatient study. PARTICIPANTS: Twenty‐six healthy adult volunteers (17 men, 9 women) with moderate hypercholesterolemia (total cholesterol > 5.69 mmol/L but < 7.24 mmol/L). INTERVENTION: Daily substitution of 100 g of cheese, either partial skim‐milk mozzarella or modified‐fat (vegetable oil) mozzarella cheese product, into participants' normal diets. Participants consumed an assigned cheese for 2 months, at which time they crossed over to consume the other study cheese. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Plasma lipid and apolipoprotein levels were measured at baseline and at 2 and 4 months after initiation of the study. Compliance was assessed by body weight and by biweekly dietary records and interviews. RESULTS: No differences in weight or in the amount or type of calories consumed were found during the study. No statistically significant changes in lipid values resulted from consumption of mozzarella cheese. Modified‐fat cheese substitution resulted in a decreased low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol level when compared with levels at both baseline (‐0.28 mmol/L$$$ 95% Cl, ‐0.14 to ‐0.42 mmol/L) and during consumption of the skim‐milk mozzarella cheese (‐0.38 mmol/L$$$ 95% Cl, ‐0.2 to ‐0.70 mmol/L). Findings for total cholesterol were similar. High‐density lipoprotein cholesterol, plasma triglyceride, and apolipoprotein A‐l and B‐100 levels were unaltered. Both sexes responded similarly. CONCLUSIONS: A linoleate‐enriched cheese product, in the absence of any other changes in diet or habits, substituted into the normal diets of hypercholesterolemic adults reduced low‐density lipoprotein and plasma cholesterol levels.
Acute responses of hepatic fat content to consuming fat, glucose and fructose alone and in combination in non-obese non-diabetic individuals with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease$$$ We have recently demonstrated that a high‐fat load can induce immediate increase in hepatic fat content (HFC) and that such an effect can be modified differently by co‐administration of fructose or glucose in healthy subjects. Therefore, we addressed the question how consumption of these nutrients affects changes in HFC in subjects with non‐alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Eight male non‐obese non‐diabetic patients with NAFLD underwent 6 experiments each lasting 8 hours: 1. fasting, 2. high‐fat load (150 g of fat (dairy cream) at time 0), 3. glucose (three doses of 50 g at 0, 2, and 4 hours), 4. high‐fat load with three doses of 50 g of glucose, 5. fructose (three doses of 50 g at 0, 2, and 4 hours), 6. high‐fat load with three doses of 50 g of fructose. HFC was measured using magnetic resonance spectroscopy prior to meal administration and 3 and 6 hours later. Plasma triglycerides, non‐esterified fatty acids, glucose and insulin were monitored throughout each experiment. HFC increased by 10.4 ± 6.9% six hours after a high‐fat load and by 15.2 ± 12.5% after high‐fat load with fructose. When co‐administering glucose with fat, HFC rose only transiently to return to baseline at 6 hours. Importantly, NAFLD subjects accumulated almost five times more fat in their livers than healthy subjects with normal HFC. Consumption of a high‐fat load results in fat accumulation in the liver of NAFLD patients. Fat accumulation after a fat load is diminished by glucose but not fructose co‐administration.
Increased plasma PYY levels following supplementation with the functional fiber PolyGlycopleX in healthy adults$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: A variety of dietary fibers have been shown to alter satiety hormone gene expression and secretion. The objective of this study was to examine plasma satiety hormone concentrations in healthy subjects consuming either PolyGlycopleX (PGX) or control (skim milk powder) for 21 days. SUBJECTS/METHODS: A randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled clinical study was conducted in 54 healthy male and female adults. Participants consumed 5 g per day of PGX or control for 1 week followed by 2 additional weeks of 10 g per day of assigned product (n=27 per group). Primary outcomes measured at three visits (V1, V2 and V3) were plasma active glucagon‐like peptide‐1 (GLP‐1) total ghrelin, peptide YY (PYY) and insulin. RESULTS: There was a significant effect of visit for fasting PYY with control participants experiencing decreased PYY levels over time while PGX prevented this decline. When stratified by body mass index (BMI), PGX increased fasting PYY levels from week 1 to week 3 compared with control in participants with BMI <23 kg/m(2). There was a significant effect of visit for fasting ghrelin with levels decreasing in both PGX and control groups over time. No differences were detected in fasting GLP‐1 levels. Although there was a 14% reduction in fasting insulin between V1 and V3 with PGX this was not significantly different from control. CONCLUSIONS: PGX is a highly viscous, functional fiber that modifies satiety hormone secretion in healthy adults. Its' potential to act similarly in overweight adults warrants investigation.
A traditional korean diet alters the expression of circulating micrornas linked to diabetes mellitus in a pilot trial$$$ The traditional Korean diet (K‐diet) is considered to be healthy and circulating microRNAs (miRs) have been proposed as useful markers or targets in diet therapy. We, therefore, investigated the metabolic influence of the K‐diet by evaluating the expression of plasma and salivary miRs. Ten women aged 50 to 60 years were divided into either a K‐diet or control diet (a Westernized Korean diet) group. Subjects were housed in a metabolic unit‐like condition during the two‐week dietary intervention. Blood and saliva samples were collected before and after the intervention, and changes in circulating miRs were screened by an miR array and validated by individual RT‐qPCRs. In the K‐diet group, eight plasma miRs were down‐regulated by array (p < 0.05), out of which two miRs linked to diabetes mellitus, hsa‐miR26a‐5p and hsa‐miR126‐3p, were validated (p < 0.05). Among five down‐regulated salivary miRs, hsa‐miR‐92‐3p and hsa‐miR‐122a‐5p were validated, which are associated with diabetes mellitus, acute coronary syndrome and non‐alcoholic fatty liver disease. In the control diet group, validated were down‐regulated plasma hsa‐miR‐25‐3p and salivary hsa‐miR‐31‐5p, which are associated with diabetes mellitus, adipogenesis and obesity. The K‐diet may influence the metabolic conditions associated with diabetes mellitus, as evidenced by changes in circulating miRs, putative biomarkers for K‐diet.
The effect of combining plant sterols, soy protein, viscous fibers, and almonds in treating hypercholesterolemia$$$ Reductions in low‐density lipoprotein‐cholesterol (LDL‐C) result from diets containing almonds, or diets that are either low in saturated fat or high in viscous fibers, soy proteins, or plant sterols. We have therefore combined all of these interventions in a single diet (portfolio diet) to determine whether cholesterol reductions could be achieved of similar magnitude to those reported in recent statin trials which reduced cardiovascular events. Twenty‐five hyperlipidemic subjects consumed either a portfolio diet (n=13), very low in saturated fat and high in plant sterols (1.2 g/1,000 kcal), soy protein (16.2 g/1,000 kcal), viscous fibers (8.3 g/1,000 kcal), and almonds (16.6 g/1,000 kcal), or a low‐saturated fat diet (n=12) based on whole‐wheat cereals and low‐fat dairy foods. Fasting blood, blood pressure, and body weight were obtained at weeks 0, 2, and 4 of each phase. LDL‐C was reduced by 12.1% +/‐ 2.4% (P<.001) on the low‐fat diet and by 35.0% +/‐ 3.1% (P<.001) on the portfolio diet, which also reduced the ratio of LDL‐C to high‐density lipoprotein‐cholesterol (HDL‐C) significantly (30.0% +/‐ 3.5%$$$ P<.001). The reductions in LDL‐C and the LDL:HDL‐C ratio were both significantly lower on the portfolio diet than on the control diet (P<.001 and P<.001, respectively). Mean weight loss was similar on test and control diets (1.0 kg and 0.9 kg, respectively). No difference was seen in blood pressure, HDL‐C, serum triglycerides, lipoprotein(a) [Lp(a)], or homocysteine concentrations between diets. Combining a number of foods and food components in a single dietary portfolio may lower LDL‐C similarly to statins and so increase the potential effectiveness of dietary therapy.
Whey and Casein Proteins and Medium-Chain Saturated Fatty Acids from Milk Do Not Increase Low-Grade Inflammation in Abdominally Obese Adults$$$ BACKGROUND: Low‐grade inflammation is involved in the development of diabetes and cardiovascular disease (CVD). Inflammation can be modulated by dietary factors. Dairy products are rich in saturated fatty acids (SFA), which are known to possess pro‐inflammatory properties. However, different fatty acid compositions may exert different effects. Other components such as milk proteins may exert anti‐inflammatory properties which may compensate for the potential negative effects of SFAs. Generally, the available data suggest a neutral role of dairy product consumption on inflammation. AIM: To investigate the effects of, and potential interaction between, a dietary supplementation with whey protein and milk fat, naturally enriched in medium‐chain SFA (MC‐SFA), on inflammatory markers in abdominal obese adults. METHODS: The study was a 12‐week, randomized, double‐blinded, intervention study. Sixty‐three adults were equally allocated to one of four groups which received a supplement of either 60 g/day whey or 60 g/day casein plus 63 g/day milk fat either high or low in MC‐SFA content. Fifty‐two subjects completed the study. Before and after the intervention, changes in plasma interleukin‐6 (IL‐6), interleukin‐1 receptor antagonist (IL‐1RA), high‐sensitive C‐reactive protein (hsCRP), adiponectin, and monocyte chemoattractant protein‐1 (MCP‐1) were measured. Changes in inflammatory genes in the subcutaneous adipose tissue were also documented. RESULTS: There were no differences in circulating inflammatory markers between protein types or fatty acid compositions in abdominally obese subjects, with the exception of an increase in adiponectin in response to high compared to low MC‐SFA consumption in women. We found that combined dairy proteins and MC‐SFAs influenced inflammatory gene expression in adipose tissue, while no effect was detected by dairy proteins or MC‐SFA per se. CONCLUSION: Whey protein compared with casein and MC‐SFA‐enriched milk fat did not alter circulating markers of low‐grade inflammation in abdominally obese subjects, except for an increase in circulating adiponectin in response to high MC‐SFA in abdominally obese women.
Four-month course of soluble milk proteins interacts with exercise to improve muscle strength and delay fatigue in elderly participants$$$ BACKGROUND: The benefit of protein supplementation on the adaptive response of muscle to exercise training in older people is controversial. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the independent and combined effects of a multicomponent exercise program with and without a milk‐based nutritional supplement on muscle strength and mass, lower‐extremity fatigue, and metabolic markers. DESIGN: A sample of 48 healthy sedentary men aged 60.8 ± 0.4 years were randomly assigned to a 16‐week multicomponent exercise training program with a milk‐based supplement containing, besides proteins [total milk proteins 4 or 10 g/day or soluble milk proteins rich in leucine (PRO) 10 g/day], carbohydrates and fat. Body composition, muscle mass and strength, and time to task failure, an index of muscle fatigue, were measured. Blood lipid, fibrinogen, creatine phosphokinase, glucose, insulin, C‐reactive protein, interleukin‐6, tumor necrosis factor‐α soluble receptors, and endothelial markers were assessed. RESULTS: Body fat mass was reduced after the 4‐month training program in groups receiving 10 g/day of protein supplementation (P < .01). The training program sustained with the daily 10 g/day PRO was associated with a significant increase in dominant fat free mass (+5.4%, P < .01) and in appendicular muscle mass (+4.5%, P < .01). Blood cholesterol was decreased in the trained group receiving 10 g/day PRO. The index of insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment‐insulin resistance) and blood creatine phosphokinase were reduced in the groups receiving 10 g/day PRO, irrespective of exercise. The inflammatory and endothelial markers were not different between the groups. Training caused a significant improvement (+10.6% to 19.4%, P < .01) in the maximal oxygen uptake. Increased maximum voluntary contraction force was seen in the trained groups receiving 10 g/day of proteins (about 3%, P < .05). Time to task failure was improved in the trained participants receiving a 10 g/day supplementation with PRO (P < .01). CONCLUSIONS: Soluble milk proteins rich in leucine improved time to muscle failure and increase in skeletal muscle mass and strength after prolonged multicomponent exercise training in healthy older men.
Fluid snacks to help persons with type 1 diabetes avoid late onset postexercise hypoglycemia$$$ PURPOSE: The present study assessed whether whole milk, skim milk, or two commercially available sports drinks are effective in preventing late onset postexercise hypoglycemia (LOPEH) in persons with type 1 diabetes mellitus. METHODS: Subjects ingested water, whole milk, skim milk, sport drink A (carbohydrate and electrolytes), or sport drink B (carbohydrate, fat, and protein) before, during, and after 1 h of bicycle exercise at 60% VO2max in the late afternoon. Drinks were isocaloric (470 +/‐ 150 kcal) and the number of calories consumed was based on individual energy expenditure. No adjustment in insulinization was allowed in anticipation of exercise. RESULTS: During water trials all subjects became hypoglycemic. Most drinks lead to a moderate hyperglycemia (range of mean values = 200‐280 mg x dL(‐1)) during the period between the end of exercise and dinner, but this was not the case for whole milk (range 80‐120 mg x dL(‐1)). Glycemia peaked about 1.5 h after dinner and declined over the next 90 min. Persistent hyperglycemia (range of means = 200‐310 mg x dL(‐1)) from after exercise to about 4 h postexercise was observed with sports drink B. A decline in glycemia in the evening was greatest during the skim milk trial and required subjects to ingest more carbohydrate as a late evening snack. The least decline during this period occurred during the whole milk trial. Subjects experienced pre‐bed and early morning (0300 h) hypoglycemia in 7 of the 28 trials. CONCLUSIONS: These data show that whole milk and sports drinks that are designed for both quick (sport drink A) and long lasting (sport drink B) nutrient replenishment can be used by persons with type 1 diabetes in an effort to avoid LOPEH.
Influence of the Consumption of Chilean Maqui on the Glycemic Control of Adults Diagnosed with Diabetes Mellitus1$$$ Introduction: Diabetes Mellitus 1 (DM1) is a chronic autoimmune disease characterized by the presence of hyperglycemia and ketoacidosis, where the relationship between insulin administration and diet is essential. There are foods with a high content of antioxidants, and polyphenols, related to the regulation of the glycemic and insulin response. Maqui is a Chilean berry rich in anthocyanins. Evidence suggests that its antioxidant effect could modulate the postprandial response. Objectives: To analyze the effect on the postprandial glycemic response after eating a maqui breakfast in adults with DM1. Methods: Prospective, single‐blind, randomized clinical trial. Approved by the Pharmacy Bioethics Committee of the University of Valparaíso. Adults with normal BMI, diagnosed with DM1 > 6 months, and insulin therapy were included. Subjects with other pathologies and/or use of medications that affect glycemia and/or with glycosylated hemoglobin >9% were excluded. Sample of 8 subjects, divided into 2 groups. Group 1 received a breakfast of 50 g of carbohydrates composed of oatmeal and yogurt, and Group 2 the same plus 5 g of maqui. Glycemia was measured at 0, 30, 60, and 90 minutes. Statistical analysis of the comparison of glycemia obtained with the SPSS program was performed. To calculate the contribution of antioxidants between breakfasts, the FRAP method was used. Results: Significant differences were found between the glycemia of the groups at minute 60', with group 2 being lower. There were no significant differences at 00', 30' and 90 minutes$$$ however, more stable glycemia was observed in group 2. As for the number of antioxidants, the sample with maqui had 390.319 μmol Trolox/g and breakfast without 0.045. Conclusions: The differences found in glycemic response could be a product of the effect of maqui polyphenols. In addition, although it was not significant in the entire curve, a trend was observed in the stabilization of glycemia in the maqui group. it would be interesting and necessary to replicate the study in more participants.
Bioavailability Evaluation of Venetoclax Lower-Strength Tablets and Oral Powder Formulations to Establish Interchangeability with the 100 mg Tablet$$$ Background and Objective: Venetoclax is an approved BCL‐2 inhibitor, currently under evaluation in different hematological malignancies in adult and pediatric populations. Venetoclax is available as 10, 50, and 100 mg tablets. To provide an alternative to patients who find taking the commonly prescribed 100 mg tablet a challenge, the interchangeability of lower‐strength tablets with the 100 mg tablet was investigated. Additionally, newly developed oral suspension powder formulations to facilitate dosing in pediatrics were evaluated. Methods: Pharmacokinetic data from 80 healthy female participants from three phase I studies were utilized to evaluate the bioavailability of (1) 10 and 50 mg tablets relative to a 100 mg tablet$$$ (2) 0.72 and 7.2% (drug to total weight) oral powder formulations relative to the 100 mg tablet$$$ and (3) oral powder formulations administered using different vehicles (apple juice, apple sauce, and yogurt) relative to water under fed conditions. Results: Bioavailability assessments at a 100 mg dose of venetoclax demonstrated bioequivalence across the 10, 50, and 100 mg tablet strengths. Oral powder formulations met the bioequivalence criteria (0.80–1.25) with respect to area under the concentration–time curve to time of the last measurable concentration (AUCt) and to infinite time (AUC∞) but exhibited a slightly lower maximum plasma concentration (Cmax). Exposure–response analyses were utilized to demonstrate that the lower Cmax observed with the powder formulations is not clinically meaningful. The delivery vehicles tested did not affect the bioavailability of venetoclax oral powder formulations. Conclusions: The smaller‐sized tablets (10 and 50 mg) and the newly developed oral powder formulations of venetoclax can be used interchangeably with the 100 mg tablets to improve the patients’ experience, while maintaining adequate exposure. Clinical Trials Identifiers: NCT01682616, 11 September 2012$$$ NCT02005471, 9 December 2013$$$ NCT02242942, 17 September 2014$$$ NCT02203773, 30 July 2014$$$ NCT02287233, 10 November 2014$$$ NCT02993523, 15 December 2016$$$ NCT03069352, 3 March 2017.
Suppressive effect of functional drinking yogurt containing specific egg yolk immunoglobulin on Helicobacter pylori in humans$$$ Helicobacter pylori is a human pathogen that infects over 50% of the population worldwide. It is the most important etiologic agent of gastroduodenal ulcers and malignancies. Helicobacter pylori urease enzyme is considered the main factor for the organism's colonization in the gastroduodenal mucosa. Hens immunized with the purified urease produce a highly specific anti‐H. pylori urease immunoglobulin (IgY‐urease) in their egg yolks. Immunoglobulin Y‐urease was stable at 60 to 65 degrees C for 30 min and at pH 4.0 for 7 h. Its activity was lost at 80 degrees C for 20 min and at pH 2 for 4 h. Specially designed functional drinking yogurt containing Lactobacillus acidophilus and Bifidobacterium spp. with 1% egg yolk IgY‐urease was produced commercially. Immunoglobulin Y‐urease activity showed stability in the product up to 7 d, and then decreased to 85% after 3 wk of storage. A clinical study was conducted to determine the effectiveness of IgY‐urease yogurt to suppress infection in humans. Forty‐two volunteers who tested positive for H. pylori using a 13C‐urea breath test were recruited. A total of 450 mL of IgY‐urease (test group) or IgY‐urease‐free yogurt (control group) was consumed in 150‐mL portions 3 times daily for 4 wk. Volunteers were tested after 2 and 4 wk$$$ urea breath test values significantly decreased in the test group compared with the control group. The results indicate that suppression of H. pylori infection in humans could be achieved by consumption of drinking yogurt fortified with IgY‐urease.
Replacement of glycaemic carbohydrates by inulin-type fructans from chicory (oligofructose, inulin) reduces the postprandial blood glucose and insulin response to foods: report of two double-blind, randomized, controlled trials$$$ PURPOSE: Inulin‐type fructans are recognized as prebiotic dietary fibres and classified as non‐digestible carbohydrates that do not contribute to glycaemia. The aim of the present studies was to investigate the glycaemic response (GR) and insulinaemic response (IR) to foods in which sucrose was partially replaced by inulin or oligofructose from chicory. METHODS: In a double‐blind, randomized, controlled cross‐over design, 40‐42 healthy adults consumed a yogurt drink containing oligofructose or fruit jelly containing inulin and the respective full‐sugar variants. Capillary blood glucose and insulin were measured in fasted participants and at 15, 30, 45, 60, 90, and 120 min after starting to drink/eat. For each test food, the incremental area under the curve (iAUC) for glucose and insulin was calculated and the GR and IR determined. RESULTS: Consumption of a yogurt drink with oligofructose which was 20% reduced in sugars significantly lowered the glycaemic response compared to the full‐sugar reference (iAUC120min 31.9 and 37.3 mmol/L/min, respectively$$$ p < 0.05). A fruit jelly made with inulin and containing 30% less sugars than the full‐sugar variant likewise resulted in a significantly reduced blood glucose response (iAUC120min 53.7 and 63.7 mmol/L/min, respectively$$$ p < 0.05). In both studies, the postprandial insulin response was lowered in parallel (p < 0.05). The reduction of postprandial glycaemia was positively correlated to the proportion of sugars replaced by inulin‐type fructans (p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, the studies confirmed that substitution of glycaemic sugars by inulin or oligofructose from chicory may be an effective strategy to reduce the postprandial blood glucose response to foods.
Consumption of low-fat dairy foods for 6 months improves insulin resistance without adversely affecting lipids or bodyweight in healthy adults: a randomized free-living cross-over study$$$ BACKGROUND: Given the highly debated role of dairy food consumption in modulating biomarkers of metabolic syndrome, this study was conducted to examine the influence of long‐term (6 month) dairy consumption on metabolic parameters in healthy volunteers under free‐living conditions without energy restriction. METHODS: Twenty‐three healthy subjects completed a randomized, crossover trial of 12 months. Participants consumed their habitual diets and were randomly assigned to one of two treatment groups: a high dairy supplemented group instructed to consume 4 servings of dairy per day (HD)$$$ or a low dairy supplemented group limited to no more than 2 servings of dairy per day (LD). Baseline, midpoint, and endpoint metabolic responses were examined. RESULTS: Endpoint measurements of body weight and composition, energy expenditure, blood pressure, blood glucose, and blood lipid and lipoprotein responses did not differ (p > 0.05) between the LD and HD groups. HD consumption improved (p < 0.05) plasma insulin (‐9%) and insulin resistance (‐11%, p = 0.03) as estimated by HOMA‐IR compared with the LD group. CONCLUSIONS: Study results suggest that high dairy consumption (4 servings/d) may improve insulin resistance without negatively impacting bodyweight or lipid status under free‐living conditions. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Clinical Trials.gov: NCT01761955.
Sucrose taken during mixed meal has no additional hyperglycaemic action over isocaloric amounts of starch in well-controlled diabetics$$$ The hyperglycaemic effect of 20 g sucrose taken at the end of a regular mixed meal by diabetic patients was measured in six adult type 1 diabetics, C‐peptide negative, controlled by the artificial pancreas, and twelve adult type 2 diabetics, with fasting plasma glucose levels below 7.2 mmol/l (130 mg/100 ml) and post‐prandial plasma glucose levels below 10.0 mmol/l (180 mg/100 ml), treated by diet alone or with glibenclamide and/or metformin. All the patients were given on consecutive days, in random order, two mixed meals of grilled meat, green beans, and cheese, as well as a cake made either of rice, skimmed milk, and saccharine (meal A) or rice, skimmed milk, and 20 g sucrose (meal B). The meals contained equal amounts of calories and of carbohydrate. There was no difference between the meals in plasma glucose curves and plasma insulin or insulin infusion rate variations whether in peak values, peaking times, or areas under the curves, in either group of patients. Sparing use of sucrose taken during mixed meals might help well‐controlled diabetic patients to comply with their daily dietary prescription while maintaining good blood glucose control.
Effects of a dietary portfolio of cholesterol-lowering foods vs lovastatin on serum lipids and C-reactive protein$$$ CONTEXT: To enhance the effectiveness of diet in lowering cholesterol, recommendations of the Adult Treatment Panel III of the National Cholesterol Education Program emphasize diets low in saturated fat together with plant sterols and viscous fibers, and the American Heart Association supports the use of soy protein and nuts. OBJECTIVE: To determine whether a diet containing all of these recommended food components leads to cholesterol reduction comparable with that of 3‐hydroxy‐3‐methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase inhibitors (statins). DESIGN: Randomized controlled trial conducted between October and December 2002. SETTING AND PARTICIPANTS: Forty‐six healthy, hyperlipidemic adults (25 men and 21 postmenopausal women) with a mean (SE) age of 59 (1) years and body mass index of 27.6 (0.5), recruited from a Canadian hospital‐affiliated nutrition research center and the community. INTERVENTIONS: Participants were randomly assigned to undergo 1 of 3 interventions on an outpatient basis for 1 month: a diet very low in saturated fat, based on milled whole‐wheat cereals and low‐fat dairy foods (n = 16$$$ control)$$$ the same diet plus lovastatin, 20 mg/d (n = 14)$$$ or a diet high in plant sterols (1.0 g/1000 kcal), soy protein (21.4 g/1000 kcal), viscous fibers (9.8 g/1000 kcal), and almonds (14 g/1000 kcal) (n = 16$$$ dietary portfolio). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Lipid and C‐reactive protein levels, obtained from fasting blood samples$$$ blood pressure$$$ and body weight$$$ measured at weeks 0, 2, and 4 and compared among the 3 treatment groups. RESULTS: The control, statin, and dietary portfolio groups had mean (SE) decreases in low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol of 8.0% (2.1%) (P =.002), 30.9% (3.6%) (P<.001), and 28.6% (3.2%) (P<.001), respectively. Respective reductions in C‐reactive protein were 10.0% (8.6%) (P =.27), 33.3% (8.3%) (P =.002), and 28.2% (10.8%) (P =.02). The significant reductions in the statin and dietary portfolio groups were all significantly different from changes in the control group. There were no significant differences in efficacy between the statin and dietary portfolio treatments. CONCLUSION: In this study, diversifying cholesterol‐lowering components in the same dietary portfolio increased the effectiveness of diet as a treatment of hypercholesterolemia.
Glycemic responses to foods: possible differences between insulin-dependent and noninsulin-dependent diabetics$$$ The effect on the blood glucose response of varying the amount (25 or 50 g) and type (bread or beans) of carbohydrate (CH2O) in test meals and of adding fat and protein was examined in a group of insulin dependent and noninsulin dependent diabetic volunteers. With noninsulin‐dependent diabetics, the blood glucose area after a half bread portion was 48% that of the full bread meal (p less than 0.001). White pea beans (50 g CH2O) gave a blood glucose response of 41 +/‐ 5% (p less than 0.001) that of bread (50 g CH2O). A combined meal of bread (25 g CH2O) and beans (25 g CH2O) gave a blood glucose response of 60 +/‐ 8% of the full bread meal (p less than 0.005) and similar to that expected. Addition to bread of butter and skim milk cheese either singly or in combination had little effect on the glycemic response although a reduced rise was seen after addition of fat and protein as peanut butter. Insulin‐dependent diabetics tended to respond similarly to noninsulin‐dependent diabetics but their greater variability indicates that other factors in addition to the nature of the food may also be major determinants of their glycemic responses to foods.
Post-resistance exercise ingestion of milk protein attenuates plasma TNFα and TNFr1 expression on monocyte subpopulations$$$ Attenuating TNFα/TNFr1 signaling in monocytes has been proposed as a means of mitigating inflammation. The purpose of this study was to examine the effects of a milk protein supplement on TNFα and monocyte TNFr1 expression. Ten resistance‐trained men (24.7 ± 3.4 years$$$ 90.1 ± 11.3 kg$$$ 176.0 ± 4.9 cm) ingested supplement (SUPP) or placebo (PL) immediately post‐exercise in a randomized, cross‐over design. Blood samples were obtained at baseline (BL), immediately (IP), 30‐min (30P), 1‐h (1H), 2‐h (2H), and 5‐h (5H) post‐exercise to assess plasma concentrations of myoglobin$$$ tumor necrosis factor‐alpha (TNFα)$$$ and expression of tumor necrosis factor receptor 1 (TNFr1) on classical, intermediate, and non‐classical monocytes. Magnitude‐based inferences were used to provide inferences on the true effects of SUPP compared to PL. Plasma TNFα concentrations were “likely attenuated” (91.6% likelihood effect) from BL to 30P in the SUPP group compared with PL (d = 0.87$$$ mean effect: 2.3 ± 2.4 pg mL−1). TNFr1 expressions on classical (75.9% likelihood effect) and intermediate (93.0% likelihood effect) monocytes were “likely attenuated” from BL to 2H in the SUPP group compared with PL (d = 0.67$$$ mean effect: 510 ± 670 RFU, and d = 1.05$$$ mean effect: 2500 ± 2300 RFU, respectively). TNFr1 expression on non‐classical monocytes was “likely attenuated” (77.6% likelihood effect) from BL to 1H in the SUPP group compared with PL (d = 0.69$$$ mean effect: 330 ± 430 RFU). Ingestion of a milk protein supplement immediately post‐exercise appears to attenuate both plasma TNFα concentrations and TNFr1 expression on monocyte subpopulations in resistance‐trained men.
Regular consumption of a cocoa product improves the cardiometabolic profile in healthy and moderately hypercholesterolaemic adults$$$ Cocoa products present great health potential due to their high content of polyphenols, mainly of flavanols. However, the antioxidant, anti‐inflammatory and other health effects of regularly consuming cocoa products seem to depend on the intake and health status of the consumer, etc. and need to be further clarified. A randomised, controlled, cross‐over, free‐living study was carried out in healthy (n 24) and moderately hypercholesterolaemic (>2000 mg/l, n 20) subjects to assess the influence of regularly consuming (4 weeks) two servings (15 g each) of a cocoa product rich in fibre (containing 33·9 % of total dietary fibre (TDF) and 13·9 mg/g of soluble polyphenols) in milk v. consuming only milk (control) on (1) serum lipid and lipoprotein profile, (2) serum malondialdehyde levels, carbonyl groups, ferric reducing/antioxidant power, oxygen radical absorbance capacity and free radical‐scavenging capacity, (3) IL‐1β, IL‐6, TNF‐α, IL‐10, IL‐8, monocyte chemoattractant protein‐1, and vascular and intracellular cell adhesion molecule levels, and (4) systolic and diastolic blood pressure and heart rate. Throughout the study, the diet and physical activity of the volunteers, as well as any possible changes in weight or other anthropometric parameters, were also evaluated. The intake of TDF increased (P< 0·001) to the recommended levels. Serum HDL‐cholesterol (HDL‐C) levels were increased (P< 0·001), whereas glucose (P= 0·029), IL‐1β (P= 0·001) and IL‐10 (P= 0·001) levels were decreased. The rest of the studied cardiovascular parameters, as well as the anthropometric ones, remained similar. In conclusion, regularly consuming a cocoa product with milk improves cardiovascular health by increasing HDL‐C levels and inducing hypoglycaemic and anti‐inflammatory effects in healthy and hypercholesterolaemic individuals without causing weight gain.
Soymilk supplementation does not alter plasma markers of inflammation and oxidative stress in postmenopausal women$$$ Aging is associated with increasing levels of systemic inflammation and oxidative stress, both of which contribute to the progression of cardiovascular disease. Attenuation of such processes via dietary intervention has significant public health implications. Soyfoods, as a source of high‐quality protein and isoflavones, may improve such indices, although such effects in healthy aging women are not well delineated. The purpose of this study was to test the hypothesis that 4 weeks of daily soymilk consumption would improve systemic markers of inflammation and oxidative stress in postmenopausal women when compared with a dairy control. In September 2009, a single‐blind, randomized, controlled trial was conducted on 31 postmenopausal women at Baylor University, Waco, Tex. Subjects were randomly assigned to consume 3 servings of vanilla soy (n = 16) or reduced fat dairy (n = 15) milk per day for 4 weeks. Plasma markers of inflammation (tumor necrosis factor alpha [TNF‐alpha], interleukin [IL]‐1beta, IL‐6) and oxidative stress (superoxide dismutase [SOD], glutathione peroxidase [GPx], cyclooxygenase‐2 [COX‐2]) were obtained before and after supplementation. No significant differences were observed for any of the plasma inflammatory (TNF‐alpha, P = .08$$$ IL‐1beta, P = .14$$$ IL‐6, P = .26) or oxidative stress (SOD, P = .68$$$ GPx, P = .58$$$ COX‐2, P = .99) variables by dietary treatment group. Despite good dietary compliance, our study failed to show a significant effect of soymilk consumption on markers of inflammation and oxidative stress in this postmenopausal female population. Potential reasons for this nonsignificant finding are discussed, and future research directions are presented.
Orlistat reduces gallbladder emptying by inhibition of CCK release in response to a test meal$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Orlistat is a covalent inhibitor of digestive lipase derived from lipstatin, the natural product of Streptomyces toxytricini. By blocking the active site of intestinal lipase, orlistat inhibits hydrolysis of dietary triglycerides and thus reduces the intestinal lipid absorption. It is uncertain whether intestinal inhibition of lipase by orlistat also interferes with nutrient‐induced CCK release from intestinal I‐cells. The aim of the present study was therefore to assess whether oral administration of orlistat inhibits CCK release in response to a test meal and thus causes impaired gallbladder emptying. METHODS: 22 healthy volunteers were given a test meal consisting of 200 ml dairy cream and two teaspoons of chocolate powder (552 kcal=2328 kJ$$$ 56.0 g fat$$$ 5.2 g proteins, 6.6 g carbohydrates), with and without oral application of 120 mg orlistat. Gallbladder volume was determined by ultrasound before and 5, 10, 20, 30 and 40 min after meal ingestion. In parallel, a venous blood sample was collected for the measurement of bioactive CCK. CCK activity was assessed using a bioassay with isolated rat pancreatic acini cells. RESULTS: Oral administration of orlistat significantly impairs gallbladder emptying. After ingestion of the test meal the gallbladder contracted by 78.5% in the control group, whereas the test group with orlistat only showed a contraction of 45.7% (p<0.01). Maximal contraction was reached after 35 to 40 min, the maximal gallbladder emptying was delayed up to 10 min by orlistat. Orlistat induced a significant reduction of bioactive CCK levels in response to a test meal (CCK(max) with orlistat=4.1 pmol/l$$$ CCK(max) without orlistat=7.8 pmol/l). CCK levels were reduced by 47% and the onset of maximal CCK secretion was delayed up to 10 min. CONCLUSION: The inhibition of intestinal lipolytic activity by orlistat results in reduced gallbladder emptying through inhibition of meal‐mediated CCK release. We therefore hypothesize that impaired gallbladder motility may represent a risk factor in chronic treatment of severe obesity using orlistat.
Silymarin, Olibanum, and Nettle, A Mixed Herbal Formulation in the Treatment of Type II Diabetes: a Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Clinical Trial$$$ Silybum marianum (L) Gaertn (milk thistle) seeds, Urtica dioica L (nettle) leaves, and Boswellia serrata (olibanum gum) resin are used traditionally by Iranian diabetic patients. The aim of this study was to evaluate the antihyperglycemic effects of these herbs in an herbal formulation in patients with type II diabetes mellitus. Sixty patients diagnosed as type II diabetes mellitus with fasting blood glucose level from 150 to 180 mg/dL, glycosylated hemoglobin level from 7.5% to 8.5%, and on oral antihyperglycemic drugs, were allocated to receive the mix herbal formulation or placebo for 90 days in a double‐blind randomized placebo‐controlled clinical trial. The mean serum fasting blood glucose, glycosylated hemoglobin, and triglyceride in the herbal drug group were significantly less than placebo group's values after 3 months of the intervention. The study showed a potential antihyperglycemic and triglyceride lowering effect of the herbal formulation, while it did not have any significant cholesterol or blood pressure lowering effect.
The chronic effects of whey proteins on blood pressure, vascular function, and inflammatory markers in overweight individuals$$$ Limited evidence suggests that dairy whey protein may be the major dairy component that is responsible for health benefits currently associated with increased dairy consumption. Whey proteins may reduce blood pressure and improve cardiovascular health. This study evaluated the effects of whey protein supplementation on blood pressure, vascular function and inflammatory markers compared to casein and glucose (control) supplementation in overweight/obese individuals. The subjects were randomized to either whey protein, casein or glucose supplementation for 12 weeks according to a parallel design. In all, 70 men and women with a mean (+/‐s.e.m.) BMI (kg/m(2)) of 31.3 +/‐ 0.8 completed the study. Systolic blood pressure (SBP) decreased significantly at week 6 compared to baseline in the whey and casein groups, (P = 0.028 and P = 0.020, respectively) and at week 12 (P = 0.020, and P = 0.017, respectively). Diastolic blood pressure (DBP) decreased significantly compared to baseline in the whey and casein groups (P = 0.038 and P = 0.042, respectively) at week 12. DBP decreased significantly in the whey and casein groups (P = 0.025, P = 0.038, respectively) at week 12 compared to the control group. Augmentation index (AI) was significantly lower from baseline at 12 weeks (P = 0.021) in the whey group. AI decreased significantly in the whey group at 12 weeks compared to control (P = 0.006) and casein (P = 0.006). There were no significant changes in inflammatory markers within or between groups. This study demonstrated that supplementation with whey protein improves blood pressure and vascular function in overweight and obese individuals.
Effect of soy protein on endogenous hormones in postmenopausal women$$$ BACKGROUND: The long‐term clinical effects of soy protein containing various concentrations of isoflavones on endogenous hormones are unknown. OBJECTIVE: We examined the effects of ingestion of soy protein containing various concentrations of isoflavones on hormone values in postmenopausal women. DESIGN: Seventy‐three hypercholesterolemic, free‐living, postmenopausal women participated in a 6‐mo double‐blind trial in which 40 g protein as part of a National Cholesterol Education Program Step I diet was provided as casein from nonfat dry milk (control), isolated soy protein (ISP) containing 56 mg isoflavones (ISP56), or ISP containing 90 mg isoflavones (ISP90). Endogenous hormone concentrations were measured at baseline and at 3 and 6 mo. RESULTS: The concentration of thyroxine and the free thyroxine index were higher in the ISP56 group, and the concentration of thyroid‐stimulating hormone was higher in the ISP90 group than in the control group at 3 and 6 mo (P < 0.05). Triiodothyronine was significantly higher in the ISP90 group only at 6 mo. Thyroxine, free thyroxine index, and thyroid‐stimulating hormone at 6 mo were inversely associated with measures of baseline estrogenicity. No significant differences were found for endogenous estrogens, cortisol, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate, insulin, glucagon, or follicle‐stimulating hormone after baseline hormone values were controlled for. CONCLUSIONS: This study does not provide evidence that long‐term ingestion of soy protein alters steroid hormone values, but it suggests that soy protein may have small effects on thyroid hormone values that are unlikely to be clinically important. The thyroid effects are, however, consistent with previous findings in animals and highlight the need for future research investigating possible mechanisms of action.
Consumption of sucrose-sweetened soft drinks increases plasma levels of uric acid in overweight and obese subjects: a 6-month randomised controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Sucrose‐sweetened soft drinks (SSSDs) are associated with the development of metabolic disorders. Fructose is a major component of SSSDs and is demonstrated to induce uric acid (UA) production and stimulate fat accumulation independent of excess caloric intake. UA induce insulin resistance and low‐grade inflammation, suggesting that UA may have a causal role in the development of metabolic complications. The objective of this study is to investigate the long‐term effects of consuming SSSDs on circulating levels of UA in overweight and obese subjects. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Using a previously published study, circulating UA levels were assessed at baseline and after 6 months using chromogenic enzymatic absorptiometry. The study included 47 overweight and obese subjects without diabetes, randomised to consume 1 l daily of either SSSD (regular cola), isocaloric semi‐skimmed milk, diet cola or water for 6 months. RESULTS: Circulating UA levels increased 15% (P = 0.02) after the 6‐month intervention in the SSSD group with no change in the other groups. In the SSSD group, circulating UA levels increased significantly after the intervention in both absolute (P = 0.005) and relative values (P = 0.004). The change in UA after the intervention correlated with changes in liver fat (P = 0.005), triglycerides (P = 0.02) and insulin (P = 0.002). CONCLUSIONS: In this secondary analysis daily intake of 1 l SSSD for 6 months was found to increase circulating UA levels compared with isocaloric milk, diet cola and water. Thus, a high daily intake of SSSDs in overweight and obese subjects without overt diabetes may increase the risk of developing metabolic complications through the elevation of UA. This trial is registered at ClinicalTrials.gov as NCT00777647.
Antihypertensive effect of dietary integration with grana padano cheese in hypertensive patients$$$ Introduction: The degradation of milk proteins by proteinases from L. helveticus produces 2 tripeptides, valylprolyl‐ proline (VPP) and isoleucyl‐prolyl‐proline (IPP) with ACE‐inhibitory activity and antihypertensive effect in SHR. The Grana Padano, an Italian cow‐milk cheese, at moderate ripening degree (9‐12 months), has shown a potent in‐vitro ACE‐inhibitory effect. Aim: To evaluate whether a daily dietary integration with a small amount of Garana Padano cheese was effective in reducing blood pressure (BP) in hypertensive patients. Methods: In a randomized, open‐label, controlled study, 45 hypertensive patients received a daily dose of 30 g of 9 month‐aged Grana Padano cheese, during a period of 2 months. BP was evaluated, before and after treatment, by using conventional sphygmomanometric measurement, automated office BP (BpTRU) and ambulatory BP measurement (Takeda, 4220). The results have been compared with those obtained in a control group of 15 hypertensive patients, homogenous as far as baseline BP level, age and gender are concerned. Pharmacological and non‐pharmacological treatments, stable during the previous 3 month and along the entire observation period, excluded ACE‐inhibitors and angiotensin‐2‐receptor blockers. A dietary manipulation was performed in order to maintain unchanged calorie, cholesterol and sodium intake. Results: Patients who received Grana Padano showed a statistically significant reduction in systolic and diastolic BP No change in BP was detected in the control group (Table 21). No change in LDL‐cholesterol, Calcium, Magnesium serum levels and urinary sodium excretion were observed at the end of treatment period. Conclusions: A moderate intake of Grana Padano cheese was effective in lowering BP in hypertensive patients. Appropriate dietary manipulations can counterbalance the increased intake of cholesterol and sodium due to dietary integration with Grana Padano. (Table Presented) .
Acute effects of prior dietary fat ingestion on postprandial metabolic responses to protein and carbohydrate co-ingestion in overweight and obese men: a randomised crossover trial$$$ Background: Obesity and insulin resistance are associated with an impaired sensitivity to anabolic stimuli such as dietary protein (anabolic resistance). Omega‐3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n‐3 PUFA) may be protective against the deleterious effects of saturated fatty acids (SFA) on insulin resistance. However, the contribution of excess fat consumption to anabolic and insulin resistance and the interaction between SFA and n‐3 PUFA is not well studied. Aim: The primary aim of this study was to investigate the effects of an oral fat pre‐load, with or without the partial substitution of SFA with fish oil (FO)‐derived n‐3 PUFA, on indices of insulin and anabolic sensitivity in response to subsequent dietary protein and carbohydrate (dextrose) co‐ingestion. Methods: Eight middle‐aged males with overweight or obesity (52.8 ± 2.0 yr, BMI 31.8 ± 1.4 kg·m−2) ingested either an SFA, or isoenergetic SFA and FO emulsion (FO), or water/control (Con), 4 h prior to a bolus of milk protein and dextrose. Results: Lipid ingestion (in particular FO) impaired the early postprandial uptake of branched chain amino acids (BCAA) into the skeletal muscle in response to protein and dextrose, and attenuated the peak glycaemic response, but was not accompanied by differences in whole body (Matsuda Index: Con: 4.66 ± 0.89, SFA: 5.10 ± 0.94 and FO: 4.07 ± 0.59) or peripheral (forearm glucose netAUC: Con: 521.7 ± 101.7$$$ SFA: 470.2 ± 125.5 and FO: 495.3 ± 101.6 μmol·min−1·100 g lean mass·min [t = 240–420 min]) insulin sensitivity between visits. Postprandial whole body fat oxidation was affected by visit (P = 0.024) with elevated rates in SFA and FO, relative to Con (1.85 ± 0.55$$$ 2.19 ± 0.21 and 0.65 ± 0.35 kJ·h−1·kg−1 lean body mass, respectively), however muscle uptake of free fatty acids (FFA) was unaffected. Conclusion: Oral lipid preloads, consisting of SFA and FO, impair the early postprandial BCAA uptake into skeletal muscle, which occurs independent of changes in insulin sensitivity. Clinical trial registry number: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier NCT03146286.
Whey protein supplementation does not alter plasma branched-chained amino acid profiles but results in unique metabolomics patterns in obese women enrolled in an 8-week weight loss trial$$$ BACKGROUND: It has been suggested that perturbations in branched‐chain amino acid (BCAA) catabolism are associated with insulin resistance and contribute to elevated systemic BCAAs. Evidence in rodents suggests dietary protein rich in BCAAs can increase BCAA catabolism, but there is limited evidence in humans. OBJECTIVE: We hypothesize that a diet rich in BCAAs will increase BCAA catabolism, which will manifest in a reduction of fasting plasma BCAA concentrations. METHODS: The metabolome of 27 obese women with metabolic syndrome before and after weight loss was investigated to identify changes in BCAA metabolism using GC‐time‐of‐flight mass spectrometry. Subjects were enrolled in an 8‐wk weight‐loss study including either a 20‐g/d whey (whey group, n = 16) or gelatin (gelatin group, n = 11) protein supplement. When matched for total protein by weight, whey protein has 3 times the amount of BCAAs compared with gelatin protein. RESULTS: Postintervention plasma abundances of Ile (gelatin group: 637 ± 18, quantifier ion peak height ÷ 100$$$ whey group: 744 ± 65), Leu (gelatin group: 1210 ± 33$$$ whey group: 1380 ± 79), and Val (gelatin group: 2080 ± 59$$$ whey group: 2510 ± 230) did not differ between treatment groups. BCAAs were significantly correlated with homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance at baseline (r = 0.52, 0.43, and 0.49 for Leu, Ile, and Val, respectively$$$ all, P < 0.05), but correlations were no longer significant at postintervention. Pro‐ and Cys‐related pathways were found discriminant of whey protein vs. gelatin protein supplementation in multivariate statistical analyses. CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest that BCAA metabolism is, at best, only modestly affected at a whey protein supplementation dose of 20 g/d. Furthermore, the loss of an association between postintervention BCAA and homeostasis model assessment suggests that factors associated with calorie restriction or protein intake affect how plasma BCAAs relate to insulin sensitivity. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00739479.
Effects of milk protein concentrate supplementation on metabolic parameters, adipocytokines and body composition in obese women under weight-loss diet: study protocol for a randomised controlled trial$$$ INTRODUCTION: Obesity impairs metabolic function and increases the risk of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes mellitus. Evidence suggests that high‐protein diets help to increase weight loss and protect against weight gain. Milk protein concentrate (MPC) is a dairy product with a high protein content with a ratio of casein and whey protein similar to skim milk. This trial aims to evaluate the effect of MPC supplementation in obese women under a weight‐loss diet. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: We will conduct a 2‐month open‐label, parallel‐group, randomised controlled trial to determine the effect of MPC supplementation on levels of glycaemic and lipid profile, leptin, adiponectin, appetite, waist circumference, body mass index and body composition in 44 premenopausal obese women on a weight‐loss diet. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: This protocol, approved by the Medical Ethics Committee of Ahvaz University of Medical Sciences, is in accordance with the Declaration of Helsinki (approval number: IR.AJUMS.REC.1399.795). The trial results will be published in peer‐reviewed journals. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: Iranian Registry of Clinical Trials (IRCT20201223049804N1).
Effect of ingestion of yacon syrup in human$$$ INTERVENTION: Dietary supplement G07.203.300.400 Treatment A: standard breakfast (180mL of milk 3% fat, 60mL of infusion coffee 5%, 10g of crystal sugar, 50g of french bread, 15g of butter, 32g of cheese, 100mL of water) and yacon syrup (40g of maltodextrin). Treatment A contains 574.76 Kcal. Treatment B: standard breakfast (180mL of milk 3% fat, 60mL of infusion coffee 5%, 10g of crystal sugar, 50g of french bread, 15g of salted butter, 32g of cheese, 100mL of water) and placebo (40g ). Treatment B contains 571.45Kcal. The 40 volunteers will receive the two treatments crosswise to evaluate the postprandial effect of the same. Blood aliquot will be withdrawn at time zero (t = 0), then volunteers will be instructed to consume the meal within 15 minutes and will have new blood aliquots taken at times 15, 30, 45, 60, 90, 120 and 180. The interval between the two interventions will be one week (wash‐out). CONDITION: Appetite$$$ Women $$$ F02.830.071 $$$ M01.975 F02.830.071 M01.975 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Improvement of the postprandial response of the plasma biomarkers of appetite after ingestion of yacon syrup compared to placebo$$$verified by blood dosage of glucagon‐like peptide 1 (GLP1) and ghrelin at times 0, 15, 30, 45, 60, 90, 120 and 180. The improvement will be verified if there is statistical significance (p <0.05) in the comparison of the areas under the curve between treatment A (syrup intake) and treatment B (placebo intake), a difference of at least 50% between treatments is expected. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Improvement of the postprandial response of serum glycemia, serum insulin, serum triglycerides and subjective sensation of satiety after yacon syrup ingestion compared to placebo$$$ verified by glucose, insulin and triglycerides blood dosages and self‐reporting on satiety at times 0, 15, 30, 45, 60, 90, 120 and 180. The improvement will be verified if there is statistical significance (p <0, 05) in the comparison of the areas under the curve between treatment A (syrup intake) and treatment B (placebo intake), a difference of at least 50% between treatments is expected. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Women$$$ between 20 and 40 years old$$$ do not present chronic self‐reported diseases$$$ have a body mass index of eutrophy or obesity grade I$$$ regular menstrual cycle.
Saturated Fats from Butter but Not from Cheese Increase HDL-Mediated Cholesterol Efflux Capacity from J774 Macrophages in Men and Women with Abdominal Obesity$$$ Background: Recent evidence suggests that the association between dietary saturated fatty acids (SFAs) and coronary artery disease risk varies according to food sources. How SFAs from butter and cheese influence HDL‐mediated cholesterol efflux capacity (CEC), a key process in reverse cholesterol transport, is currently unknown. Objective: In a predefined secondary analysis of a previously published trial, we have examined how diets rich in SFAs from either cheese or butter influence HDL‐mediated CEC, compared with diets rich in either monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs) or polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs). Methods: In a randomized crossover controlled consumption trial, 46 men and women with abdominal obesity consumed 5 isocaloric diets, each for 4 wk. Two diets were rich in SFAs either from cheese (CHEESE) or butter (BUTTER) [12.4‐12.6% of energy (%E) as SFAs, 32%E as fat, 52%E as carbohydrates]. In 2 other diets, SFAs (5.8%E) were replaced with either MUFAs from refined olive oil (MUFA) or PUFAs from corn oil (PUFA). Finally, a lower fat and carbohydrate diet was used as a control (5.8%E as SFAs, 25.0%E as fat, 59%E as carbohydrates$$$ CHO). Post‐diet HDL‐mediated CEC was determined ex vivo using radiolabelled J774 macrophages incubated with apolipoprotein B‐depleted serum from the participants. Results: Mean (±SD) age was 41.4 ± 14.2 y, and waist circumference was 107.6 ± 11.5 cm in men and 94.3 ± 12.4 cm in women. BUTTER and MUFA increased HDL‐mediated CEC compared with CHEESE (+4.3%, P = 0.026 and +4.7%, P = 0.031, respectively). Exploring the significant diet × sex interaction (P = 0.044) revealed that the increase in HDL‐mediated CEC after BUTTER compared with CHEESE was significant among men (+6.0%, P = 0.047) but not women (+2.9%, P = 0.19), whereas the increase after MUFA compared with CHEESE was significant among women (+9.1%, P = 0.008) but not men (‐0.6%, P = 0.99). Conclusion: These results provide evidence of a food matrix effect modulating the impact of dairy SFAs on HDL‐mediated CEC with potential sex‐related differences that deserve further investigation. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02106208.
Incorporating Milk Protein Isolate into an Energy-Restricted Western-Style Eating Pattern Augments Improvements in Blood Pressure and Triglycerides, but Not Body Composition Changes in Adults Classified as Overweight or Obese: a Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Unhealthy Western‐style eating patterns (WSEP) predominate, adversely affecting health. Resistance to improving dietary patterns prompts interest to incorporate a potentially health‐promoting ingredient into typical WSEP foods and beverages. We assessed the effect of incorporating isocalorically matched carbohydrates versus milk protein isolate (MPI) into a WSEP on weight loss‐induced changes in cardiometabolic health and body composition. In a randomized, double‐blind, parallel‐design study, 44 participants (age 52 ± 1 years, body mass index (BMI) 31.4 ± 0.5 kg/m2, mean ± standard error) consumed a weight maintenance WSEP (0.8 g total protein/kg/day) for 3 weeks (baseline). After, participants consumed an energy‐restricted (750 kcal/day below estimated requirement) WSEP for 16 weeks, randomly assigned to contain either an additional 0.7 g carbohydrate/kg/d (CON: n = 23, 0.8 g total protein/kg/day) or 0.7 g protein/kg/d from MPI (MPI: n = 21, 1.5 g total protein/kg/day) incorporated into foods and beverages. Compared to CON, the MPI favored reductions in average 24 h and sleeping systolic and diastolic blood pressures (BP), waking hours systolic BP, and fasting plasma triglyceride concentrations. Reductions in fasting plasma insulin, glucose, total cholesterol, and low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations were not different between groups. Among all participants, whole body mass, lean mass, fat mass, and thigh muscle area, each decreased over time. For adults finding it difficult to deviate from a WSEP, replacing a portion of their carbohydrate with foods and beverages containing MPI may be an effective dietary strategy to reduce BP after weight loss.
Consumption of low-fat dairy foods for 6 months improves insulin resistance without adversely affecting lipids or bodyweight in healthy adults$$$ Given the highly debated role of dairy food consumption in modulating biomarkers of metabolic syndrome, this study was conducted to examine the influence of long‐term (6 month) dairy consumption on metabolic parameters in healthy volunteers under free‐living conditions without energy restriction. Twenty‐three healthy subjects completed a randomized, crossover trial of 12 months. Participants consumed their habitual diets and were randomly assigned to one of two treatment groups: a high dairy supplemented group instructed to consume 4 servings of dairy per day (HD)$$$ or a low dairy supplemented group limited to no more than 2 servings of dairy per day (LD). Baseline, midpoint, and endpoint metabolic responses were examined. Endpoint measurements of body weight and composition, energy expenditure, blood pressure, blood glucose, and blood lipid and lipoprotein responses did not differ (p>0.05) between the LD and HD groups. HD consumption improved (p<0.05) plasma insulin (‐9%) and insulin resistance (‐11%, p=0.03) as estimated by HOMA‐IR compared with the LD group. Study results suggest that high dairy consumption (4 servings/d) may improve insulin resistance without negatively impacting bodyweight or lipid status under free‐living conditions.
Milk supplementation facilitates appetite control in obese women during weight loss: a randomised, single-blind, placebo-controlled trial$$$ Dairy products provide Ca and protein which may facilitate appetite control. Conversely, weight loss is known to increase the motivation to eat. This randomised controlled trial verified the influence of milk supplementation on appetite markers during weight loss. Low Ca consumer women participated in a 6‐month energy‐restricted programme (‐2508 kJ/d or ‐600 kcal/d) and received either a milk supplementation (1000 mg Ca/d) or an isoenergetic placebo (n 13 and 12, respectively). Fasting appetite sensations were assessed by visual analogue scales. Anthropometric parameters and fasting plasma concentrations of glucose, insulin, leptin, ghrelin and cortisol were measured as well. Both groups showed a significant weight loss (P < 0·0001). In the milk‐supplemented group, a time x treatment interaction effect showed that weight loss with milk supplementation induced a smaller increase in desire to eat and hunger (P < 0·05). Unlike the placebo group, the milk‐supplemented group showed a lower than predicted decrease in fullness (‐17·1 v. ‐8·8$$$ ‐2·7 v. 3·3 mm, P < 0·05, measured v. predicted values, respectively). Even after adjustment for fat mass loss, changes in ghrelin concentration predicted those in desire to eat (r 0·56, P < 0·01), hunger (r 0·45, P < 0·05) and fullness (r ‐0·40, P < 0·05). However, the study did not show a between‐group difference in the change in ghrelin concentration in response to the intervention. These results show that milk supplementation attenuates the orexigenic effect of body weight loss.
Dairy product consumption is associated with a lowering of linoleic acid within serum TAG in adolescent females with overweight or obesity: a secondary analysis$$$ Dairy fat is rich in SFA such as palmitic acid (16:0) but low in linoleic acid (18:2n‐6). The natural carbon 13 enrichment (δ13C) of 16:0 is higher in dairy fat than in most of the food supply. In adults, serum levels of pentadecanoic acid (15:0) and heptadecanoic acid (17:0) are recognised as biomarkers of dairy intake. In adolescents, no study has evaluated serum fatty acid levels or δ13C in response to chronic dairy consumption. The objectives of this study were to evaluate whether increased dairy product consumption can modulate (1) serum fatty acid levels and (2) 16:0 δ13C in adolescents with overweight/obesity who followed a 12‐week weight management programme. This secondary analysis of a randomised control trial included two groups of adolescent females: recommended dairy (RDa$$$ n 23) and low dairy (LDa$$$ n 23). The RDa group was given 4 servings/d of dairy products while the LDa group maintained dairy intakes at ≤ 2 servings/d. Blood was sampled before and after the intervention. Lipids were extracted and separated, and fatty acids were quantified by GC. Isotope ratio MS was used to assess 16:0 δ13C. There were no group differences on serum changes of 15:0 or 17:0. Within TAG, 18:2n‐6 was lowered by 7·4 % only in the RDa group (P = 0·040). The difference in delta 16:0 δ13C between the LDa and RDa groups did not reach statistical significance (P = 0·070). Reductions in serum 18:2n‐6 by dairy consumption could have positive health implications, but more studies are needed to confirm this assertion.
Acute effects of whey protein isolate on blood pressure, vascular function and inflammatory markers in overweight postmenopausal women$$$ Previous evidence indicates that chronic consumption of dairy whey proteins has beneficial effects on CVD risk factors. The present study investigated the postprandial effects of whey protein isolate on blood pressure, vascular function and inflammatory markers in overweight and obese postmenopausal women. This was a randomised, three‐way cross‐over design study where twenty overweight and obese postmenopausal women consumed a breakfast meal in conjunction with one of three supplements: 45 g whey protein isolate, 45 g sodium caseinate or 45 g of a glucose control. Fasting and postprandial blood samples, blood pressure and pulse wave analysis readings were taken for up to 6 h. After consumption of the meal, both systolic and diastolic blood pressure, and augmentation index (AI) decreased initially for all interventions and gradually returned to baseline levels by 6 h. However, there were no significant differences in AI, systolic or diastolic blood pressure within or between the glucose control, casein or whey groups. There were also no significant group effects on plasma inflammatory markers (IL‐6, TNF‐α and C‐reactive protein). The health effects previously seen with chronic whey protein ingestion were not seen in the acute 6 h postprandial period in relation to blood pressure, vascular function or inflammatory markers when compared with casein and a glucose control. This suggests that such effects are better observed from the long‐term consumption of whey proteins.
Lipid response to a low-fat diet with or without soy is modified by C-reactive protein status in moderately hypercholesterolemic adults$$$ Recent evidence suggests that individuals with high concentrations of C‐reactive protein (CRP), a marker of inflammation, are less responsive to cholesterol‐lowering diets. CRP concentrations are increased by oral estrogen$$$ however, the effect of soy phytoestrogens on inflammation has not been studied comprehensively, especially in women receiving hormone replacement therapy (HRT). This study was conducted to determine whether adding soy to a low‐fat, high‐fiber diet affects CRP and interleukin (IL)‐6, and to examine the association between CRP levels and lipid response in moderately hypercholesterolemic adults (men = 18, postmenopausal women = 14$$$ 6 receiving HRT). After a 3‐wk run‐in period with consumption of a Step I diet (27% total fat, 7% saturated fat, 275 mg cholesterol), participants were randomly assigned to diets containing 25 g/d soy protein (+ 90 mg/d isoflavones) or 25 g/d milk protein for 6 wk in a crossover design. Lipids and lipoproteins, CRP, and IL‐6 were measured at the end of each diet and participants were categorized into high (>3.5 mg/L) or low CRP groups based on a median split. The addition of soy or milk protein to the Step I diet did not affect lipids or inflammatory markers. Regardless of protein source, those with low CRP exhibited significant decreases in LDL cholesterol (‐3.5%) and the LDL:HDL cholesterol ratio (‐4.8%), whereas those with high CRP had significant increases in LDL cholesterol (+4.8%), the LDL:HDL cholesterol ratio (+5.2%), apolipoprotein B (+3.8%), and lipoprotein(a) (+13.5%) compared with the run‐in diet. These results suggest that inflammation may not only attenuate lipid responses, but also aggravate dyslipidemia in hypercholesterolemic subjects consuming a cholesterol‐lowering diet.
Postprandial metabolic response to a fat- and carbohydrate-rich meal in patients with chronic kidney disease$$$ BACKGROUND: While chronic kidney disease (CKD) is associated with dysmetabolism including a marked insulin resistance, the postprandial response has not comprehensively been studied in CKD patients. METHODS: We conducted an intervention study comparing fasting and postprandial circulating biomarkers of glucose and lipid homeostasis, incretins, anabolic hormones, inflammation and oxidative stress in nine prevalent non‐diabetic hemodialysis (HD) patients and 10 matched controls assessed after a standardized meal consisting of 75 g of milk fat, 80 g of carbohydrates and 6 g of proteins/m(2) of body surface area. RESULTS: Glucose and triglyceride increased in a similar manner following the meal, while insulin, C‐peptide and glucose‐dependent insulinotropic polypeptide increased more in HD patients. HDL and LDL cholesterol decreased slightly with no significant difference between the groups. The elevated baseline growth hormone (GH) in patients dropped, resulting in comparable levels in both groups 240 min after the meal$$$ however, there was no change in insulin‐like growth factor 1 (IGF‐1) levels. No marked changes of interleukin 6 and tumor necrosis factor‐α were observed in either group. An elevation in the DNA oxidative product 8‐hydroxydeoxyguanosine was observed in HD patients. CONCLUSIONS: The postprandial state in CKD is characterized by impaired insulin sensitivity with increased incretin levels, along with GH/IGF‐1 axis uncoupling and an elevation in an oxidative stress marker.
Impairment of lysophospholipid metabolism in obesity: altered plasma profile and desensitization to the modulatory properties of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Plasma lysophospholipids have emerged as signaling molecules with important effects on inflammation, insulin resistance, and fatty liver disease, each of which is linked closely to obesity. Dietary n‐3 (ω‐3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) may be able to improve these conditions. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to assess the response of plasma lysophospholipids to obesity, n‐3 PUFA consumption, and a high‐fat meal challenge to better understand the role of lysophospholipid metabolism in the progression of obesity‐related disorders. DESIGN: We determined the concentrations of 8 lysophosphatidylcholines, 11 lysophosphatidylethanolamines, and 7 lysophosphatidylinositols in the plasma of 34 normal‐weight and 38 obese subjects randomly assigned to consume corn oil (control) or n‐3 PUFA‐rich fish oil (3 g/d$$$ n = 15‐19/group) for 90 d. Blood samples were collected on the last day of the study under fasting conditions and 6 h after a high‐fat meal (1135 kcal, 86 g fat) challenge. The profile of secreted lysophospholipids was studied in HepG2 cells under palmitate‐induced steatosis. RESULTS: Obese and normal‐weight subjects had different profiles of plasma lysophospholipids. A multivariate combination of the 26 lysophospholipids could discriminate between normal‐weight and obese subjects with an accuracy of 98%. The high‐fat meal challenge altered the concentration of plasma lysophosphatidylcholines in an oil treatment‐dependent manner in normal‐weight but not obese subjects, suggesting that obesity impairs the sensitivity of lysophospholipid metabolism to n‐3 PUFAs. Noncytotoxic steatosis in HepG2 cells affected the secretion pattern of lysophospholipids, partially resembling the changes observed in the plasma of obese subjects. CONCLUSIONS: Obesity has a substantial impact on lysophospholipid metabolism, altering the plasma lysophospholipid profile and abolishing its sensitivity to dietary n‐3 PUFAs. These effects could contribute to the onset or progression of alterations associated with obesity, such as inflammation, insulin resistance, and fatty liver disease. This trial was registered at www.controlled‐trials.com as ISRCTN96712688.
Effect of chromium supplementation on growth performance, meal pattern, metabolic and antioxidant status and insulin sensitivity of summer-exposed weaned dairy calves$$$ Stressful situations may result in serum chromium (Cr) depletion with increased urinary excretion of the mineral and increased Cr requirements. The objective of this study was to investigate the effects of Cr supplementation on growth performance, feeding behavior, blood metabolites and hormones, indicators of oxidative stress and glucose‐insulin kinetics of summer‐exposed weaned dairy calves. In total, 48 Holstein female calves (63 days of age$$$ 77.0±1.45 kg of BW) were assigned randomly to one of two treatments: (1) a control group with no supplemental Cr (Cr‐), and (2) a supplemental Cr group (Cr+) to supply 0.05 mg Cr as Cr‐methionine/kg of BW0.75. Chromium was provided in the starter feed and adjusted weekly based on BW over the experimental period. All calves were on experiment for 4 weeks after weaning. The average maximum temperature‐humidity index was 76.1 units during the study period, indicating a mild degree of environmental heat load. Results indicated that in summer‐exposed dairy calves, increased dietary Cr provision tended to decrease fecal score, tended to change rumination pattern, increased antioxidant capacity by increasing serum concentration of catalase, but had no effects on growth performance, metabolic status or peripheral glucose and insulin metabolism.
Unesterified plant sterols and stanols do not affect LDL electrophoretic characteristics in hypercholesterolemic subjects$$$ The extent to which sterols and stanols modulate LDL particle size is unknown. We examined the effects of supplementation with unesterified plant sterols and stanols on several LDL electrophoretic characteristics. Healthy hypercholesterolemic subjects (n = 14) consumed each of four experimental diets contained plant sterols (S), plant stanols (SN), a 50:50 mixture of sterols and stanols (SSN), or cornstarch (control) in a randomized crossover design. The butter component of the diet was blended with unesterified sterols and stanols at a dose of 1.8 g/d. The LDL particles were characterized by polyacrylamide gradient gel electrophoresis of whole plasma. LDL cholesterol (LDL‐C) concentrations decreased by 8.8, 13.6, and 13.1% in the S, SN, and SSN groups, respectively (P < 0.01) with a significant increase of 4.3% in the control group. None of the treatments with sterols and stanols induced significant changes in LDL peak particle diameter or in the cholesterol levels of the small LDL subfraction (<25.5 nm). The reduction in plasma LDL‐C levels with SN consumption was due mainly to a decrease (P < 0.05) in the concentration of cholesterol in the large subfraction (>26.0 nm). The significant reduction in plasma LDL‐C concentrations by sterol and stanol consumption in subjects was not paralleled by any beneficial changes in LDL electrophoretic characteristics.
Acute differential effects of milk-derived dietary proteins on postprandial lipaemia in obese non-diabetic subjects$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Postprandial lipaemia is an established risk factor for atherosclerosis. To investigate the acute effect of four milk‐derived dietary proteins (alpha‐lactalbumin, whey isolate, caseinoglycomacropeptide and whey hydrolysate) on postprandial lipaemia, we have conducted a randomized, acute, single‐blinded clinical intervention study with crossover design. SUBJECTS/METHODS: A total of 11 obese non‐diabetic subjects (age: 44‐74, BMI: 30‐41.4 kg m(‐2)) were included. On 4 different days the subjects ingested a high‐fat meal with the following energy distribution: 66% energy from fat (100 g of butter), 15% of energy from carbohydrate (90 g of white wheat bread) and 19% of energy from protein (45 g of pure protein). Our primary variable was plasma triglyceride measured in the 8‐h postprandial period. Secondarily, retinyl palmitate, non‐esterified free fatty acids, glucose, insulin, glucagon, GLP‐1 and GIP, active and total grehlin and cholecystokinin were measured. RESULTS: We observed no statistically significant (P=0.8) differences between meals on our primary variable that is, triglycerides. Whey hydrolysate was associated with a significantly (P=0.02) smaller postprandial suppression of non‐esterified free fatty acids compared with the other dietary proteins. CONCLUSION: We did not observe significant differences in postprandial lipaemia to the four milk‐derived dietary proteins. Whey hydrolysate caused less postprandial suppression of free fatty acids.
Whey protein supplementation reducing fasting levels of anandamide and 2-AG without weight loss in pre-menopausal women with obesity on a weight-loss diet$$$ Background: Despite the importance of dairy proteins in modifying of metabolic abnormalities, no attention has been given to their effects on endocannabinoids. Methods: A total number of 60 obese women were recruited in a 2‐month randomized clinical trial. Following random allocation, they were assigned to one of the two groups: control (n = 30) and intervention (n = 30). Then, all the subjects followed a hypocaloric diet of 800 kcal below estimated energy needs. The intervention group received isocaloric weight‐loss diet and whey protein powders (30 g/day). Baseline and 2‐month fasting anthropometric, blood glucose, serum insulin, insulin resistance, lipid profile, AEA, and 2‐AG were measured. Results: The study groups were homogenous in terms of baseline characteristics (p > 0.05) except for MUFA intake (p = 0.021). There were no significant differences in energy and macronutrient intakes in the intervention group compared to the control group at the end of the study (p > 0.05). The results of the ANCOVA did not show significant reductions in body weight and BMI of the intervention group compared to the control group (p > 0.05)$$$ however, WC, body fat, FBS, AEA, 2‐AG, total cholesterol, and triglyceride decreased and HDL‐c significantly increased in the intervention group compared to the control group (p < 0.05). Conclusions: In this study, the effects of simultaneous weight‐loss diet and whey protein supplementation on the reduction of endocannabinoids were determined. Trial registration: Iranian Registry of Clinical Trials IRCT2017021410181N8. Registered on March 2017.
Muscle p70S6K phosphorylation in response to soy and dairy rich meals in middle aged men with metabolic syndrome: a randomised crossover trial$$$ Background: The mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) pathway is the primary regulator of muscle protein synthesis. Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is characterized by central obesity and insulin resistance$$$ little is known about how MetS affects the sensitivity of the mTOR pathway to feeding.Methods. The responsiveness of mTOR pathway targets such as p706Sk to a high protein meal containing either dairy or soy foods was investigated in healthy insulin sensitive middle‐aged men and those presenting with metabolic syndrome (MetS). Twenty male subjects (10 healthy controls, 10 MetS) participated in a single‐blinded randomized cross‐over study. In a random sequence, subjects ingested energy‐matched breakfasts composed predominately of either dairy‐protein or soy‐protein foods. Skeletal muscle biopsies were collected in the fasted state and at 2 and 4 h post‐meal ingestion for the analysis of mTOR‐ and insulin‐signalling kinase activation.Results: Phosphorylated Akt and Insulin receptor substrate 1 (IRS1) increased during the postabsorptive period with no difference between groups. mTOR (Ser448) and ribosomal protein S6 phosphorylation increased 2 h following dairy meal consumption only. p70S6K (Thr389) phosphorylation was increased after feeding only in the control subjects and not in the MetS group.Conclusions: These data demonstrate that the consumption of a dairy‐protein rich but not a soy‐protein rich breakfast activates the phosphorylation of mTOR and ribosomal protein S6, required for protein synthesis in human skeletal muscle. Unlike healthy controls, subjects with MetS did not increase muscle p70S6K(Thr389) phosphorylation in response to a mixed meal. Trial registration. This trial was registered with the Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry (ANZCTR) as ACTRN12610000562077.
Soy and the exercise-induced inflammatory response in postmenopausal women$$$ Aging is associated with increasing inflammation and oxidative stress in the body, both of which can have negative health effects. Successful attenuation of such processes with dietary countermeasures has major public health implications. Soy foods, as a source of high‐quality protein and isoflavones, may improve such indices, although the effects in healthy postmenopausal women are not well delineated. A single‐blind, randomized controlled trial was conducted in 31 postmenopausal women who were assigned to consume 3 servings of soy (n = 16) or dairy (n = 15) milk per day for 4 weeks. Parameters of systemic inflammation (tumor necrosis factor‐alpha (TNF‐alpha), interleukin‐1beta (IL‐1beta), and interleukin‐6 (IL‐6)) and the oxidative defense system (superoxide dismutase (SOD), glutathione peroxidase, cyclooxygenase‐2) were measured post supplementation, before and after an eccentric exercise bout performed to elicit an inflammatory response. A significant group‐by‐time effect for plasma TNF‐alpha was observed (p = 0.02), with values in the dairy group increased post supplementation and then decreasing into the postexercise period. Additionally, significant time effects were observed for plasma SOD (p < 0.0001) and IL‐6 (p < 0.0001) in the postexercise period. Overall results from our study do not support the notion that 4 weeks of daily soy milk ingestion can attenuate systemic elevations in markers of inflammation or oxidative defense. However, data do suggest that the downhill‐running protocol utilized in this study can be effective in altering systemic markers of inflammation and oxidative defense enzyme activity, and that the ingestion of soy may help prevent fluctuations in plasma TNF‐alpha.
Effects of high- and low-isoflavone (phytoestrogen) soy foods on inflammatory biomarkers and proinflammatory cytokines in middle-aged men and women$$$ This study sought to determine effects of high‐ and low‐isoflavone soy protein foods on acute‐phase proteins and proinflammatory cytokines and whether isoflavone phytoestrogens might act as estrogens, which enhance the immune response. Forty‐one hypercholesterolemic men and postmenopausal women underwent three 1‐month diets consisting of a low‐fat dairy food control phase and high‐ and low‐isoflavone soy food test phases (50 g/d and 52g/d soy protein, respectively, and 73 mg/d and 10 mg/d isoflavone, respectively). Diets were low in saturated fat (<5% of energy) and cholesterol (<50 mg/d). Fasting blood analytes and blood pressure were measured at the start and end of each phase. For the entire group of subjects, no treatment differences were observed for acute‐phase proteins or proinflammatory cytokines. However, a significant interaction was noted between diet and sex. Assessing the results of men and women separately, women showed significantly higher interleukin‐6 (IL‐6) values after the high‐isoflavone soy diet (P =.013) compared to control values. For women, the difference between the high‐ and low‐isoflavone IL‐6 values was significant using the unadjusted data (P =.048) but not after adjustment. No significant effects were seen for men or women in C‐reactive protein (CRP), serum amyloid A (SAA), or tumor necrosis factor‐alpha (TNF‐alpha). Thus, high levels of isoflavone intake appear to increase serum concentrations of IL‐6 in women. This finding may indicate an estrogenic effect of soy isoflavones in enhancing the immune response and provide a possible explanation through enhanced immune surveillance for lower incidence of certain cancers in soy‐eating parts of the world.
Efficacy and safety of dietary supplements containing CLA for the treatment of obesity: evidence from animal and human studies$$$ Dietary supplements containing conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) are widely promoted as weight loss agents available over the counter and via the Internet. In this review, we evaluate the efficacy and safety of CLA supplementation based on peer‐reviewed published results from randomized, placebo‐controlled, human intervention trials lasting more than 4 weeks. We also review findings from experimental studies in animals and studies performed in vitro. CLA appears to produce loss of fat mass and increase of lean tissue mass in rodents, but the results from 13 randomized, controlled, short‐term (<6 months) trials in humans find little evidence to support that CLA reduces body weight or promotes repartitioning of body fat and fat‐free mass in man. However, there is increasing evidence from mice and human studies that the CLA isomer trans‐10, cis‐12 may produce liver hypertrophy and insulin resistance via a redistribution of fat deposition that resembles lipodystrophy. CLA also decreases the fat content of both human and bovine milk. In conclusion, although CLA appears to attenuate increases in body weight and body fat in several animal models, CLA isomers sold as dietary supplements are not effective as weight loss agents in humans and may actually have adverse effects on human health.
management of blood related nipple discharge by removal of milk ducts$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: MAMMARY DUCT EXCISION ‐ 2.5 cm: In patients presenting with serosanguinous nipple discharge, evaluation will be done using USG/mammogram to rule out malignancy. After which mammary ducts will be removed with a length of 2.5 cm. Control Intervention1: Mammary duct excision ‐ 5 cm: In patients presenting with serosanguinous nipple discharge, evaluation will be done using USG/mammogram to rule out malignancy. After which mammary ducts will be removed with a length of 5 cm. CONDITION: Health Condition 1: D367‐ Benign neoplasm of other specifiedsites Health Condition 2: D249‐ Benign neoplasm of unspecified breast Health Condition 3: O‐ Medical and Surgical PRIMARY OUTCOME: To compare complication rate (nipple necrosis, nipple anaesthesia, retraction, scarring) in patients undergoing duct excision (Major duct excision/ microdochectomy) with 5 cm margin versus 2.5 cm margin in patients with blood related nipple dischargeTimepoint: 3 and 6 months SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1. To compare the cosmetic outcomes in both arms. $$$ 2. To assess patient satisfaction rate in terms of pre and post‐operative pain and resolution of symptoms in both arms. $$$ 3. Comparison of recurrence rate in both arms $$$ Timepoint: 3 and 6 months INCLUSION CRITERIA: a) Ladies presenting with blood‐related nipple discharge b) No family history/ past history of carcinoma breast/ Ductal carcinoma in‐situ
The effects of dietary approaches to stop hypertension diet on weight loss, anti-Müllerian hormone and metabolic profiles in women with polycystic ovary syndrome: a randomized clinical trial$$$ OBJECTIVE: This study was designed to evaluate the effects of the dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH diet) on weight loss, anti‐Müllerian hormone (AMH) and metabolic profiles in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). DESIGN, PATIENTS AND MEASUREMENTS: A randomized controlled clinical trial was conducted among 60 overweight or obese patients with PCOS. Patients were randomly assigned to receive either low‐calorie DASH (N=30) or control diet (N=30) for 12 weeks. The DASH and control diets were consisted of 52%‐55% carbohydrates, 16%‐18% proteins and 30% total fats$$$ however, the DASH diet was designed to be rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, low‐fat dairy products, cholesterol and refined grains. Both diets were equicaloric. RESULTS: Adherence to the DASH diet, compared to the control diet, resulted in a significant decrease in BMI (‐1.6±0.5 vs ‐1.2±0.7 kg/m2 , P=.02). Significant decreases in AMH (‐1.1±3.1 vs +0.3±0.7 ng/mL, P=.01), insulin (‐25.2±51.0 vs ‐1.2±28.8 pmol/L, P=.02), homoeostasis model of assessment‐estimated insulin resistance (‐0.9±2.0 vs ‐0.1±1.0, P=.02), free androgen index (FAI$$$ ‐0.03±0.09 vs +0.06±0.21, P=.02) and malondialdehyde (MDA) levels (‐0.5±0.4 vs +0.2±0.3 μmol/L, P<.001), and significant increases in quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (+0.01±0.03 vs ‐0.004±0.01, P=.02), sex hormone‐binding globulin (SHBG$$$ +3.7±8.5 vs ‐1.5±7.2 nmol/L, P=.01) and nitric oxide (NO$$$ +9.0±4.9 vs +0.6±2.3 μmol/L, P<.001) were also seen in the DASH group compared with the control group. CONCLUSIONS: Adherence to the DASH diet for 12 weeks among PCOS women had beneficial effects on BMI, AMH, insulin metabolism, SHBG, FAI, NO and MDA levels.
No effect of added sugar consumed at the median American intake level on glucose tolerance or insulin resistance$$$ High levels of fructose consumption have been shown to promote changes in insulin resistance and associated parameters. Debate continues over the effects of sugars at more typically consumed levels and whether the identity of the sugar consumed is important. All Participants were apparently healthy and weight stable (no change in weight greater than 3% over the past three months) prior to enrollment. Participants were randomly assigned to one of five groups, four that contained low fat milk with added sugar in amounts equivalent to the 50th percentile of fructose consumption in the US, and one unsweetened low‐fat milk control group. Milk was consumed in amounts so that the added sugar contributed a target percentage of the calories required for weight maintenance. The groups were as follows: Fructose 9%, Glucose 9%, High fructose corn syrup 18%, sucrose 18% and an unsweetened milk control consumed so milk contributed 18% of the weight‐maintenance calories. The energy intake required for weight maintenance was estimated for each participant using the MIflin St Joer equation and using an appropriate activity factor determined by responses to a physical activity questionnaire. The intervention lasted ten weeks. This study is a preliminary analysis on the one hundred fifty two participants (M=65, F=87) who had completed the intervention at the time of submission. In the entire study population there was a 1.8lbs increase in weight (161.4 ± 27.8 vs 163.2 ± 28.7lbs), which was statistically significant (p<0.001), but the change in weight was comparable among groups (interaction p<0.001). There were no changes in fasting glucose (88.8 ± 7.0 vs 90.5 ± 9.6mg/dl), insulin (8.5 ± 5.8 vs 8.9 ± 7.3μIU/ml), insulin resistance as measured by HOMA (1.9 ± 1.3 vs 2.0 ± 1.5), or glucose AUC in response to a standard 2 hour OGTT (13.7 ± 3.1 vs 14.0 ± 3.0mg.min/dl, p>0.05 for all). In all cases the response among groups was comparable (interaction p>0.05). These data suggest that, when consumed at the median American intake for added sugar, added sugar does not produce changes in measures of insulin sensitivity or glucose tolerance. Furthermore, at this level of consumption, the identity of the added sugar is not important.
Feasibility and Effectiveness of a Preventive Care Program during the Compound Humanitarian Crisis and COVID-19 Pandemic in Venezuela$$$ Effective preventive care programs are urgently needed during humanitarian crises, as has been especially obvious during the COVID‐19 pandemic. A pragmatic trial was designed: hybridized intervention (Diabetes Prevention Program [DPP] + medical nutrition therapy + liquid diet [LD]$$$ LD group) vs. DPP only (DPP group). The participants were adults who were overweight/obese and at high risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). The LD consisted of a “homemade” milk‐ and fruit‐juice‐based beverage. Pandemic restrictions delayed the program by nine months, tripled the amount of time required for screening, and reduced the total sample to 60%. Eventually, 127 participants were randomized, and 94/127 participants (74.0%) completed the first phase. Participant dropout was influenced by migration, COVID‐19 symptoms, education level, and socioeconomic status. In two months, the LD group lost 2.9 kg (p < 0.001) and the DPP group, 2.2 kg (p < 0.001) (between‐group p = 0.170), with improvements in their cardiometabolic risk factors. At this stage, the DPP was shown to be feasible and effective, demonstrating weight loss with the improvement of cardiometabolic risk factors in a primary setting in Venezuela, a middle‐income country with a chronic humanitarian crisis, during the COVID‐19 pandemic.
Differences in postprandial protein handling after beef compared with milk ingestion during postexercise recovery: a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Protein consumed after resistance exercise increases postexercise muscle protein synthesis rates. To date, dairy protein has been studied extensively, with little known about the capacity of other protein‐dense foods to augment postexercise muscle protein synthesis rates. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to compare protein digestion and absorption kinetics, postprandial amino acid availability, anabolic signaling, and the subsequent myofibrillar protein synthetic response after the ingestion of milk compared with beef during recovery from resistance‐type exercise. DESIGN: In crossover trials, 12 healthy young men performed a single bout of resistance exercise. Immediately after cessation of exercise, participants ingested 30 g protein by consuming isonitrogenous amounts of intrinsically l‐[1‐(13)C]phenylalanine‐labeled beef or milk. Blood and muscle biopsy samples were collected at rest and after exercise during primed continuous infusions of l‐[ring‐(2)H5]phenylalanine and l‐[ring‐3,5‐(2)H2]tyrosine to assess protein digestion and absorption kinetics, plasma amino acid availability, anabolic signaling, and subsequent myofibrillar protein synthesis rates in vivo in young men. RESULTS: Beef protein‐derived phenylalanine appeared more rapidly in circulation compared with milk ingestion (P < 0.001). The availability of phenylalanine during the 5‐h postexercise period tended to be higher after beef (64% ± 3%) ingestion than after milk ingestion (57% ± 3%$$$ P = 0.08). Both beef and milk ingestion were followed by an increase in the phosphorylation of mammalian target of rapamycin complex 1 and 70‐kDa S6 protein kinase 1 during postexercise recovery. Milk ingestion increased myofibrillar protein synthesis rates to a greater extent than did beef ingestion during the 0‐ to 2‐h postexercise phase (P = 0.013). However, the increase in myofibrillar protein synthesis rates did not differ between milk and beef ingestion during the entire 0‐ to 5‐h postexercise phase (P = 0.114). CONCLUSIONS: Both milk and beef ingestion augment the postexercise myofibrillar protein synthetic response in young men, with a stronger stimulation of myofibrillar protein synthesis during the early postprandial stage after milk ingestion. This trial was registered at www.clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01578590.
5-fluorouracil improves biopsy yield for basal cell carcinoma but not squamous cell carcinoma$$$ Keratinocyte carcinoma (KC), which includes basal cell (BCC) and squamous cell carcinoma (SCC), is the most common cancer in the U.S. Many biopsies are done each year to rule out KC, but they frequently reveal benign or pre‐malignant diagnoses such as actinic keratoses (AKs). Topical 5‐fluoruracil (5‐FU) has been shown to reduce AK count and therefore may improve identification of KC by reducing the number of AKs that may appear clinically similar to a cancer. In this double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial, veterans with two or more previous KCs were randomized to apply topical 5‐FU, 5% (n=468) or vehicle control cream (n=464) to the face and ears twice daily for up to 4 weeks. Study dermatologists performed complete skin exams at enrollment and every 6 months$$$ potential cancers were biopsied. Biopsy yield for each individual was defined as the number of biopsied lesions diagnosed as KC by local pathologists divided by the total number of biopsies done for that individual. In year 1 after randomization, mean BCC biopsy yield on the face and ears was higher in the 5‐FU group compared to the placebo group (58% vs. 44%, yield difference: 14%, 95%CI 3‐25%$$$ p=0.01). SCC biopsy yield on the face and ears was lower in the 5‐FU group compared to the placebo group (9% vs. 18%, yield difference: 9%, 95%CI 2‐16%$$$ p=0.01). In years 2 and 3, there was no difference in BCC or SCC biopsy yield between the placebo and 5‐FU groups. BCC and SCC biopsy yields on body parts excluding the face and ears did not differ between placebo and 5‐FU groups in years 1, 2, or 3. These findings indicate that a single course of topical 5‐FU improves BCC biopsy yield for year 1, perhaps by reducing the potential for misidentification created when a BCC appears in a field of AKs. SCC biopsy yield was lower in the 5‐FU group, potentially because 5‐FU reduced the risk of SCC. Hence one benefit of a single course of 5‐FU to the face and ears in a high risk population is improved accuracy of biopsies for BCC, the most common cancer in the U.S.
Use of new technologies for the treatment of vaginal sequelae caused by radiotherapy$$$ INTERVENTION: #Intervention Group I: intravaginal non‐ablative radiofrequency application(3 applications with 30‐day intervals) 10 participants # Intervention Group II: Intravaginal CO2 laser application (3 applications with 30‐day intervals) 10 participants # Intervention Group III: Intravaginal Daily Use of Intravaginal Promestriene Cream 3 months 10 participants Vaginal biopsy before and after treatment Drug Laser Therapy Other Procedure/surgery Radiofrequency Therapy CONDITION: Malignant neoplasm of cervix uteri Stricture and atresia of vagina Vaginal atresia $$$ Stricture and atresia of vagina $$$ Malignant neoplasm of cervix uteri PRIMARY OUTCOME: To evaluate the cytohistological effects (epithelial thickness, basal and parabasal cells, vascularization, neocolagen formation) of non‐ablative fractional radiofrequency genitourinary syndrome treatment, CO2 laser compared to topical treatment with promestriene cream. SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1) Assess clinical improvement of genitourinary syndrome with the different treatments proposed $$$ $$$ $$$ $$$ 2) Evaluate the sexual satisfaction of patients by applying the (Female Sexual Function Index (FSFI)) before and after treatment. 3) Evaluate the quality of life of patients before and after treatment by applying the quality of life questionnaire (WHOQoL‐BREF). 4) Evaluate the degree of general satisfaction of patients with the proposed treatment through the grade given by the patient. 5) Evaluate, through cyto‐histological and clinical parameters, if a treatment is superior in relation to the others evaluated INCLUSION CRITERIA: Women over 18 years old, up to 50 years old, treated with external radiotherapy in the last 5 years, with genitourinary complaints, without residual tumor lesions and who accept to participate in the study, being informed about the procedures to be performed
Protein Ingestion Induces Muscle Insulin Resistance Independent of Leucine-Mediated mTOR Activation$$$ Increased plasma branched‐chain amino acid concentrations are associated with insulin resistance, and intravenous amino acid infusion blunts insulin‐mediated glucose disposal. We tested the hypothesis that protein ingestion impairs insulin‐mediated glucose disposal by leucine‐mediated mTOR signaling, which can inhibit AKT. We measured glucose disposal and muscle p‐mTOR(Ser2448), p‐AKT(Ser473), and p‐AKT(Thr308) in 22 women during a hyperinsulinemic‐euglycemic clamp procedure with and without concomitant ingestion of whey protein (0.6 g/kg fat‐free mass$$$ n = 11) or leucine that matched the amount given with whey protein (n = 11). Both whey protein and leucine ingestion raised plasma leucine concentration by approximately twofold and muscle p‐mTOR(Ser2448) by ∼30% above the values observed in the control (no amino acid ingestion) studies$$$ p‐AKT(Ser473) and p‐AKT(Thr308) were not affected by whey protein or leucine ingestion. Whey protein ingestion decreased insulin‐mediated glucose disposal (median 38.8 [quartiles 30.8, 61.8] vs. 51.9 [41.0, 77.3] µmol glucose/µU insulin · mL(‐1) · min(‐1)$$$ P < 0.01), whereas ingestion of leucine did not (52.3 [43.3, 65.4] vs. 52.3 [43.9, 73.2]). These results indicate that 1) protein ingestion causes insulin resistance and could be an important regulator of postprandial glucose homeostasis and 2) the insulin‐desensitizing effect of protein ingestion is not due to inhibition of AKT by leucine‐mediated mTOR signaling.
Effect of milk ingredients on glucose and inflammation in overweight subjects$$$ a randomized controlled study$$$ Introduction: Postprandial hyperglycemia has been implicated in a low‐grade inflammatory response. Objectives: Investigate whether whey protein and micronutrients in milk, in normal and relatively high amounts, can beneficially affect glucose regulation and low‐grade inflammation in healthy subjects. Method / Design: Randomized controlled parallel trial during 7 weeks. Subjects were 40 healthy, overweight men, aged 50‐65 years. Intervention included either 3 x 250 ml of milk, with extra whey protein and vitamins (MW), one portion at each main meal, or the same quantity of semi‐skimmed milk (M). A standardized high‐energy drink in the morning, at start and end of the study, was used to evaluate postprandial response. Main study outcomes were the change in fasting concentration and postprandial plasma responses of glucose, insulin and IL‐6. Secondary outcomes included biomarkers of bone resorption and muscle mass. Results: Drinking M before the high‐energy drink reduced the acute glucose response, without increasing the insulin response. The MW group showed no additional effect on the glucose response reduction, but showed an increase in the acute insulin response. The 7‐week intervention showed an additional small improvement in postprandial glucose response, when milk was consumed before the high‐calorie meal. Without the milk preload, the postprandial glucose response curve was unchanged. Fasting glucose and insulin did not change over time. There was a weak improvement in most of the inflammation markers after the intervention period. Fasting osteoprotegerin and 24‐hour urinary creatinine were increased after 7 weeks of daily consumption of MW compared to normal milk. Conclusions: Drinking semi‐skimmed milk reduced the postprandial glucose response, without increasing the insulin response, and led to a small improvement in inflammation markers over time. MW had no additional effect on glucose response reduction, but increased insulin response. However, it also had a potentially beneficial effect on bone resorption and muscle mass.
Effect of probiotic on lipid profile$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Probiotic Yogurt: Probiotic yogurt having Lactobacillus acidophlus Bifidobacterium lactis Lactobacillus casie Lactobacillus plantarum in different combinations along with yogurt starter cultures and psyllum husk as prebiotic agent Control Intervention1: plain Yogurt: Plain yogurt having Lactobacillus delbrueckii subsp. bulgaricus and Streptococcus thermophiles as starter cultures CONDITION: Mixed hyperlipidemia PRIMARY OUTCOME: changes in blood lipid parameters, body composition, anthropocentric indices, fasting blood sugar and blood pressure $$$ ‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: at 0 day $$$ at 45th day $$$ at 59th day SECONDARY OUTCOME: changes in dietary habits‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: at 0 day $$$ at 45th day $$$ at 59th day INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Male 2. Aged between 40 to 60 Years 3. Not suffering from any other disease except moderate hyperlipidemia and overweight/ obesity 4. Having moderate hyperlipidemia (Blood cholesterol between 200 to 240 mg/ dl and LDL Cholesterol levels between 130 to 159 mg/dl) 5. Willingness of the subject to participate and cooperate during the course of study 6. No food allergy, no lactose intolerance 7. Not taking antibiotics or medications known to affect lipid metabolism during the proceeding 4 weeks. 8. Not on blood pressure, lipid depression, blood clotting, inflammation medication 9. Willing to eat 150 g yogurt daily for 6 weeks
Satiating power of breakfast based on dairy protein$$$ Introduction: Obesity has come to be an epidemic all over the world. The inclusion of breakfast and its composition play an important role in this disease. High‐protein diets have been related to acute effect on satiety, sensation of fullness and reductions of hunger. Objectives: The main objective of this study was to examine the effects on satiety, hunger and appetite after consuming four breakfasts based on dairy proteins through energy intake at ad libitum meal, subjective perceptions and physiological biomarkers. Methods: The methodology employed consisted in a randomized crossover experimental study, in a sample of 10 volunteers with four conditions: breakfast A (high protein and high energy density), breakfast B (high protein and low energy density), breakfast C (low protein and high energy density) and breakfast D (low protein and low energy density). Results: Main results demonstrated that breakfasts classified from most to least satiating in terms of ad libitum meal were B, A, C and D$$$ with statistically significant differences (p< 0.05) between B and D. Regarding subjective measurements, breakfast causing minor sensations of hunger and appetite was A (p< 0.05). As for subjective measurements of satiety, differences were significant between breakfast A and B, A and D, C and D (p< 0.05). Satiety throughout the day was significant different between C and D$$$ and hunger throughout the day between A and D, B and D (p< 0.05). Conclusions: Conclusions revealed that dairy protein was the macronutrient that caused a greater sense of satiety. The regulating processes of hunger, appetite and satiety are very complex and do not depend exclusively on the main type of nutrient.
Realistic intake of a flavanol-rich soluble cocoa product increases HDL-cholesterol without inducing anthropometric changes in healthy and moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects$$$ To assess whether antioxidant, anti‐inflammatory and other cardio‐protective effects attributed to cocoa are achieved when regularly consuming moderate amounts of a flavanol‐rich soluble cocoa product, a non‐randomized, controlled, crossover, free‐living study was carried out in healthy (n = 24$$$ 25.9 ± 5.6 years) and moderately hypercholesterolemic (200‐240 mg dL(‐1)$$$ n = 20$$$ 30.0 ± 10.3 years) volunteers. Participants consumed two servings per day (7.5 g per serving) of a soluble cocoa product (providing 45.3 mg flavanols per day) in milk, which was compared with consuming only milk during a 4 week period. The effects on systolic and diastolic blood pressure and heart rate were determined, as well as on serum lipid and lipoprotein profiles, interleukins (IL)‐1β, IL‐6, IL‐8, IL‐10, tumor necrosis factor‐α (TNF‐α), monocyte chemoattractant protein‐1 (MCP‐1), vascular (VCAM‐1) and intercellular cell adhesion molecules (ICAM‐1), serum malondialdehyde (MDA), carbonyl groups (CG), ferric reducing/antioxidant power (FRAP), oxygen radical absorbance capacity (ORAC), and free radical scavenging capacity (ABTS). During the study, the volunteers' diets and physical activity were also evaluated, as well as any changes in weight, skin folds, circumferences and related anthropometric parameters. Cocoa and certain polyphenol‐rich fruits and vegetables and their derivatives were restricted. After consuming the cocoa product positive effects were observed such as an increase in serum HDL‐C (p < 0.001) and dietary fiber intake (p = 0.050), whereas IL‐10 decreased (p = 0.022). Other cardiovascular‐related biomarkers and anthropometric parameters were unaffected. We have therefore concluded that regular consumption of this cocoa product in a Spanish‐Mediterranean diet may protect against cardiovascular disease in healthy and hypercholesterolemic subjects without producing any weight gain or other anthropometric changes.
Comparative Metabolomics Elucidates Postprandial Metabolic Modifications in Plasma of Obese Individuals with Metabolic Syndrome$$$ Although higher intakes of dairy milk are associated with a lower risk of metabolic syndrome (MetS), the underlying protective mechanism remains unclear. This study investigated the dynamic metabolic profile shift following the ingestion of low‐fat milk or an isocaloric volume of rice milk in obese individuals with metabolic syndrome (MetS). In a randomized, double‐blind, crossover study, postprandial plasma samples ( n = 266) were collected from 19 MetS participants. Plasma samples were analyzed by a targeted metabolomics platform which specifically detects 117 metabolites from 25 metabolic pathways. The comprehensive time‐course metabolic profiling in MetS participants indicated that the postprandial metabolic profiles distinguish low‐fat milk and rice milk consumption in a time‐dependent manner. Metabolic biomarkers, such as orotate, leucine/isoleucine and adenine, showed significantly different trends in the two test beverages. Bayesian statistics identified 12 metabolites associated with clinical characteristics of postprandial vascular endothelial function, such as flow‐mediated dilation (FMD), postprandial plasma markers of oxidative stress and NO status. Furthermore, metabolic pathway analysis based on these metabolite data indicated the potential utility of metabolomics to provide mechanistic insights of dietary interventions to regulate postprandial metabolic excursions.
To evaluate the combined effect of Ayurvedic formulation Vidngatandulaadi Choorna Gandharvahasthadi kashayam and Ashtachoornam in managing Dyslipidemia$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Gandharva hasthadi kashayam Ashta Choornam Vidanga tandulaadi Choornam: 30 patients diagnosed with Dyslipidemia will be selected from the OPD and IPD of Amrita Ayurveda Hospital Amritapuri on the basis of inclusion and exclusion criteria Pachana Deepana with Gandharva hasthadi kashyam 48ml two times day before food with a pinch of rocksalt and jaggery and Ashta Choonam 6gm two times a day with the first bolus of food mixed with ghee for 3 to 5 days Then Vidangatandulaadi choorna 6gm is given along with honey twice daily after food for 30 days Control Intervention1: nil: nil Control Intervention2: not applicable: not applicable CONDITION: Disorder of lipoprotein metabolism, unspecified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Assessment based on NCEP ATP 111 GUIDELINES.Timepoint: 35 days SECONDARY OUTCOME: Assessment based on NCEP ATP 111 GUIDELINES.Timepoint: 35 days INCLUSION CRITERIA: Male and female patients in the age group 25 Ã¢?? 50 years Patients with any of the following lipid parameters TOTAL CHOLESTEROL:200 Ã¢?? 239 mg/dl LDL Level :130‐159 mg/dl TRIGLYCERIDES level:150‐199mg/dl HDL level:35‐45mg/dl VLDL Level:30‐40mg/dl Patients with written informed consent
Does eating a reheated starchy carbohydrate meal improve postprandial glycaemia$$$ Increased postprandial glycaemia and reduced insulin sensitivity are associated with development of Type 2 Diabetes (T2D). Maintaining a normal glucose response is important both for healthy individuals, for disease prevention, and for those with T2D, to prevent development of diabetes‐related complications. Chilling previously‐cooked starchy carbohydrate (CHO) results in retrogradation of some of the starch to form resistant starch (RS). RS is not absorbed in the small intestine and consequently does not contribute to the postprandial glucose excursion. Reheating the CHO, however, reverses this process, reducing some of the RS content. RS type 5 is formed in the laboratory by heating starch with free fatty acids$$$ there is limited evidence for its formation using domestic cooking methods and real foods. Furthermore it is unclear whether this would translate into a noticeable effect on postprandial glucose metabolism. In this randomised crossover study, 8 participants attended two study days$$$ at one they consumed a freshly cooked mashed potato meal (203 g boiled potato, 25 g butter) at the other they consumed an identical meal which had been chilled for 66 h then microwave reheated. The potatoes were intrinsically labelled with [U‐13C]starch, and participants received a variable [6,6‐2H2]glucose infusion, allowing detailed glucose flux modelling. Venous blood samples were taken for 6 h postprandially. There was no significant effect on postprandial glucose, however repeated measures ANOVA on postprandial insulin time‐point data found a significant difference between meals (p = 0.026), with a 24% reduction in incremental area under the curve (0‐120 min) and 21% reduction in insulin peak between freshly cooked and reheated meals. There were no significant effects on rate of appearance of glucose into the plasma from the gut (Ra) or on endogenous (hepatic) glucose production (EGP), however there was a strong trend for a reduced rate of glucose disposal (uptake into tissues, Rd) following the reheated meal (p = 0.054). It is hypothesised that RS was formed in the reheated meal by the chilling and reheating process$$$ this will be verified by in vitro work later in the project. The attenuation of the postprandial insulin response with no significant effect on EGP suggests enhanced hepatic insulin sensitivity following the reheated meal as a possible mechanism for the effects of RS on postprandial glycaemia. This study demonstrates that making simple changes to the way a starchy carbohydrate meal is prepared can have significant beneficial effects on postprandial glucose metabolism.
Effect of increased dairy consumption on weight loss during 16 weeks of energy restriction and exercise training$$$ The worldwide prevalence of overweight and obesity is ∼45% and has doubled in the past 30 years. Sarcopenia is commonly exacerbated in overweight/obese individuals causing loss of function and independence. Accordingly a critical issue for the majority of adults is how to lose fat mass (FM) while preserving lean mass (LM) to prevent the deleterious effects of inactivity and age‐related metabolic diseases. The optimal dietary macronutrient composition to attain weight loss and promote favourable changes in body composition in overweight adults is controversial. We determined the effect of high (30% energy) protein diets on changes in body composition, fitness and selected health parameters after 16 weeks of diet‐induced energy restriction (‐250 kcal/day) and daily resistance or/aerobic exercise to elicit a further 250 kcal deficit. 115 overweight and obese men/women (age 47 ± 6 y, body mass 90.9 ± 11.7 kg, BMI 33 ± 4 kg/m2) were randomly assigned to one of three diets: high‐protein, moderate‐carbohydrate (HPMC 40% CHO: 30% Protein: 30% fat) high‐protein, high‐carbohydrate (HPHC: 55%: 30%: 15%) or control (CON 55%: 15%: 30%). High protein diets were achieved by increasing the consumption of dairy foods. Independent of diet, 89 completing subjects lost 7.7 ± 3.2 kg FM (p < .001) and gained 0.5 ± 1.8 kg LM (p < .01). Both waist circumference and waist to hip ratio decreased (‐8.2 ± 4.1 cm, p < .001 ‐0.02 ± 0.03, p = .024) across the intervention. One repetition maximum strength (28 ± 13%), maximal oxygen uptake (0.2 ± 0.2 L/min, 12 ± 10%), fasting [insulin] (‐1.8 ± 4.1 mIU/L) and glucose tolerance (‐20 ± 57%) improved for all groups (p < .001). We conclude that 1) independent of diet composition there was a significant loss of FM coupled with the preservation of LM and improvements in health‐related parameters 2) when protein intake meets or exceed RDI's, favourable changes in body composition can be attained with mild energy restriction providing there is an appropriate exercise stimulus and 3) carbohydrate restriction per se is not necessary to achieve optimal physique changes or improvements in health parameters and risk factors for obesity.
Effect of diabetes nutrition education on the dietary feeding practices and lifestyle of type 2 diabetic patients$$$ Background: Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is one of the most common global diseases of public concern. In developing countries like Uganda, dietary habits and sedentary lifestyle are the major factors for rapidly rising incidence of DM. Therefore, awareness about diabetes dietary practices and life style are paramount in the control of the disease. Methodology: One hundred type 2 diabetic patients were randomly selected and divided into two groups of intervention and control (50 patients in each group) to participate in the study. The intervention consisted of two educational sessions each for 30 min with various learning segments. A conversation map for type 2 diabetes, 24‐h dietary recall and glycemic load tables were used. Data were collected using a pre‐tested questionnaire before intervention and on monthly basis for a period of four months of intervention. Data were entered and analyzed using SPSS software version 21. Results: There was a significant (p < 0.001) increase in water, vegetables, fruits, and number of meals intake per day coupled with quitting alcohol, soda, and beer among the intervention group. On the other hand, it was revealed that meat and milk consumption significantly reduced by 81.6 and 82.4% respectively among the intervention group. At the end of study period, milk, meat, vegetable, beer, soda, cigarettes intake, and duration of physical activity increased among the control group. Conclusions: Nutrition education improves dietary feeding practices and lifestyle among type 2 diabetes patients within four months of intervention.
Phase II randomised control trial of a nutrition and physical activity intervention after radical prostatectomy for prostate cancer$$$ Background: Dietary factors and physical activity may alter prostate cancer progression. We explored the feasibility of lifestyle interventions following radical prostatectomy for localised prostate cancer. Method: We recruited patients into a pre‐surgical observational cohort$$$ following their radical prostatectomy, we offered the men randomisation into a 2x3 factorial randomised controlled trial (RCT). This involved randomisation into both a modified nutrition group (either increased vegetable and fruit and reduced dairy milk$$$ or lycopene supplementation$$$ or control) and a physical activity group (brisk walking or control). Outcomes were collected at trial baseline, three and six months, with daily adherence reported throughout. Primary outcomes were measures of feasibility: randomisation rates and intervention adherence at six months follow‐up. Results: 108 men entered the pre‐surgical cohort and 81 the postsurgical RCT (randomisation rate: 93.1%). Of 25 men in the nutrition intervention, 10 (40.0%$$$ 95% CI: 23.4%‐59.3%) adhered to the fruit and vegetable recommendations and 18 (72.0% 95% CI 52.4%‐85.7%) to reduced dairy intake. Adherence to lycopene (n = 28), was 78.6% (95% CI: 60.5%‐89.8%), whilst 21/39 adhered to the walking intervention (53.8%$$$ 95% CI: 38.6%‐68.4%). Most men were followed up at six months (75/81$$$ 92.6%). Conclusion: Interventions were deemed feasible, with high randomisation rates and good adherence.
Asymptomatic bacteriuria in postmenopausal women with diabetes mellitus$$$ INTRODUCTION: An evaluation of efficacy of the management of urinary tract infections by using local forms of Estriol in postmenopausal women with type II diabetes and asymptomatic bacteriuria. MATERIAL AND METHODS: The study was conducted in two stages. The first stage: a prospective cross‐sectional study to identify patients with asymptomatic bacteriuria. During this stage, 414 postmenopausal women with type II diabetes, but without clinical symptoms of urinary tract infection, were investigated. In the second stage, women with asymptomatic bacteriuria (87 women) were randomized to two groups: the first group was the main group receiving 0.5 mg of Estriol as a vaginal cream, the second group was the control group. The study lasted 12 months. RESULTS: After 12 months of the study, asymptomatic bacteriuria was revealed in 19.4% of women in the group 1 and 68.4% of women in the group 2 (p <0.001), and symptomatic urinary tract infection in 8.3% of women in the group 1 and 18.4% of women in the group 2 (p <0.001). There was no connection revealed between asymptomatic bacteriuria and HbA1с. Using Estriol in group 1 led to an increase in VHI, the appearance of lactobacilli in the vaginal smear, and the decrease of symptom frequency in atrophic vaginitis. In group 2, there were no significant changes revealed. CONCLUSIONS: Usage of local forms of Estriol effectively prevents and decreases the frequency of asymptomatic bacteriuria and urinary tract infection in postmenopausal women suffering with diabetes mellitus.
Cocoa flavanol consumption improves cognitive function, blood pressure control, and metabolic profile in elderly subjects: the Cocoa, Cognition, and Aging (CoCoA) Study--a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Recent evidence has indicated that flavanol consumption may have many health benefits in humans, including improved cognitive activities. OBJECTIVE: The aim was to evaluate the effect of flavanol consumption on cognitive performance in cognitively intact elderly subjects. DESIGN: This was a double‐blind, controlled, parallel‐arm study conducted in 90 elderly individuals without clinical evidence of cognitive dysfunction who were randomly assigned to consume daily for 8 wk a drink containing 993 mg [high flavanol (HF)], 520 mg [intermediate flavanol (IF)], or 48 mg [low flavanol (LF)] cocoa flavanols (CFs). Cognitive function was assessed at baseline and after 8 wk by using the Mini‐Mental State Examination (MMSE), the Trail Making Test (TMT) A and B, and the Verbal Fluency Test (VFT). RESULTS: The changes in MMSE score in response to the 3 different treatments were not different. In contrast, there was a positive impact of the intervention on specific aspects of cognitive function. Mean changes (±SEs) in the time required to complete the TMT A and B after consumption of the HF (‐8.6 ± 0.4 and ‐16.5 ± 0.8 s, respectively) and IF (‐6.7 ± 0.5 and ‐14.2 ± 0.5 s, respectively) drinks significantly (P < 0.0001) differed from that after consumption of the LF drinks (‐0.8 ± 1.6 and ‐1.1 ± 0.7 s, respectively). Similarly, VFT scores significantly improved among all treatment groups, but the magnitude of improvement in the VFT score was significantly (P < 0.0001) greater in the HF group (7.7 ± 1.1 words/60 s) than in the IF (3.6 ± 1.2 words/60 s) and LF (1.3 ± 0.5 words/60 s) groups. Significantly different improvements in insulin resistance (P < 0.0001), blood pressure (P < 0.0001), and lipid peroxidation (P = 0.001) were also observed for the HF and IF groups in comparison with the LF group. Changes in insulin resistance explained ∼17% of changes in composite z score (partial r² = 0.1703, P < 0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: This dietary intervention study provides evidence that regular CF consumption can reduce some measures of age‐related cognitive dysfunction, possibly through an improvement in insulin sensitivity. These data suggest that the habitual intake of flavanols can support healthy cognitive function with age.
To test saliva and compare anti-caries agents for prevention of radiation caries among Head and Neck cancer patients undergoing radiotherapy$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Evaluation and comparison of anti‐caries agents for prevention of radiation caries among Head and Neck cancer patients undergoing radiotherapy.: Three prophylactic agents will be assigned to each patient following a random sampling study design. Ã¢?Â¢Fluoride containing tooth paste Ã¢?Â¢Extra Virgin Coconut oil Ã¢?Â¢CPP‐ACP tooth cream Intervention2: not applicable: not applicable Intervention3: NIL: NIL Intervention4: Evaluation of saliva and comparison of anti‐caries agents for prevention of radiation caries among Head and Neck cancer patients undergoing radiotherapy: 1. To document the root caries index for subjects with head and neck cancers before starting radiotherapy, during radiotherapy and post radiotherapy in each study group. 2. To compare the changes in root caries index between the study groups at the 1st week, 6th ,12th and 24th week. (before and after radiotherapy) 3. To determine the most efficacious palliative oral care for radiation caries among patients undergoing radiotherapy for head and neck cancers. 4. To determine the quantity and quality of saliva before beginning radiation therapy, during radiotherapy and post radiation in each study group. Control Intervention1: 1.Fluoride containing tooth paste:: a dentifrice containing 1.1% sodium fluoride will be assigned to 50 out of 150 of the patients to be used once daily Control Intervention2: 2.Extra Virgin Coconut oil: coconut oil containing 45‐50% Lauric acid and monosaturated fatty acids will be assigned by random to 50 of the patients to be used as a mouth rinse once a day. Control Intervention3: 3.CPP‐ACP tooth cream: A Tooth cream containing 10% Calcium Phosphopeptide ‐ Amorphous Calcium Phosphate(CPP‐ACP) and 0.2% Sodium Fluoride(NaF) will be assigned by random to 50 of the patients to be used once daily. CONDITION: Malignant neoplasm of overlappingsites of lip, oral cavity and pharynx PRIMARY OUTCOME: root caries index (RCI) for each subject will be calculatedTimepoint: To compare the changes in root caries index between the study groups at the 1st week, 6th ,12th and 24th week. (before and after radiotherapy) SECONDARY OUTCOME: To compare the quantity and quality of saliva between the study groups using saliva kits.Timepoint: To compare the quantity and quality of saliva between the study groups at the 1st week, 6th ,12th and 24th week. INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐Patients diagnosed with head and neck cancer. ‐ Patients undergoing radiotherapy with IMRT ‐older than 12 years old age
Efficacy of fractional Radiofrequency Microablation in the treatment of vaginal dryness, burning and itching of women with Breast Cancer: a randomized trial$$$ INTERVENTION: ‐Group 1 â€“30 participants.Three vaginal fractional radiofrequency (MARF) microablation sessions using the Wavetronic 6000 Touch device with the Megapulse HF FRAXX system (Loktal Medical Electronics, Sao Paulo, Brazil), one session every 30 days. The participant will be positioned in the supine position with flexed and abducted lower limbs, in a lithotomy position. A disposable vaginal speculum will then be introduced, followed by antisepsis with 0.2% aqueous chlorhexidine, sterile saline 0.9 % to remove excess vaginal content with gauze. Sequential application of microablative RF to the vaginal walls under direct vision will be performed by moving the speculum as needed. In the vestibule, the application will occur only in the vaginal introit, not including the clitoris, clitoris foreskin and smaller lips. The electrode will always be kept parallel, lightly touching the mucosa with each shot. The average procedure time will be 15 to 20 minutes. Group 2 â€“30 participants.Polyacrylic acid‐containing vaginal moisturizing gel: one vaginal applicator with 3 g of cream by intravaginal topical application 3 times a week for 12 consecutive weeks.The application will be done by the participant herself. Drug Lubricants Other Radiofrequency Therapy CONDITION: C00‐D48 Genitourinary menopause syndrome$$$ sexual dysfunction$$$ menopause$$$ breast cancer $$$ Malignant neoplasm of breast $$$ Menopausal and other perimenopausal disorders $$$ Other specified noninflammatory disorders of vagina $$$ Unspecified sexual dysfunction, not caused by organic disorder or disease Malignant neoplasm of breast Menopausal and other perimenopausal disorders N00‐N99 Other specified noninflammatory disorders of vagina Unspecified sexual dysfunction, not caused by organic disorder or disease PRIMARY OUTCOME: Primary outcome:$$$ Score above 15 by the Vaginal Health Index (VHI) that will be applied 30 days after the last radiofrequency session and 12 weeks after the start of vaginal moisturizer use. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary outcome: $$$ Score above 26 by the FSFI (Sexual Function Index) questionnaire that will be applied 30 days after the last radiofrequency session and 12 weeks after the start of vaginal moisturizer use. Secondary outcome: $$$ Score above 65 by calculating the vaginal maturation index (MV) or Meisels index that will be applied 30 days after the last radiofrequency session and 12 weeks after the start of vaginal moisturizer use. $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: Antecedente pessoal de cÃ¢ncer de mama$$$apresentar ressecamento vaginal associada ou nÃ£o a dispareunia, ardÃªncia ou prurido vaginal$$$menopausa fisiolÃ³gica com tempo de amenorreia superior a doze meses.
A randomized phase II study of topical triamcinolone as preemptive therapy for epidermal growth factor receptor inhibitor–induced papulopustular eruption—Preliminary results$$$ Epidermal growth factor receptor inhibitors (EGFRI) are used to treat several types of cancer. A common adverse effect associated with EGFRIs is an acneiform eruption consisting of papules and pustules, often occurring on the face, chest, and back, that may be severe enough to interrupt cancer treatment. Topical corticosteroids, antibiotics, and oral retinoids are currently used to treat this eruption. We examined the efficacy of preemptive topical triamcinolone (TAC) to reduce the incidence and severity of the papulopustular eruption. Using an IRB‐approved protocol, participants are assigned to a preemptive treatment group or a control group. The treatment group applies 0.1% TAC cream to the face, chest, and back twice daily at the initiation of EGFRI therapy. Both groups use daily moisturizer, broad spectrum UV sunscreen, and record the application of treatment and/or moisturizer, and rash development in a daily diary. Patients are followed biweekly for six weeks and are administered a FACT‐EGFRI 18 survey, to assess their health care related quality of life (HRQoL), and a rash incidence questionnaire. A global rash severity scale and NCI‐CTCAE grading are assessed by 2 blinded dermatologists using standardized photographs taken at study each visit. With 3 participants randomized to treatment group and 3 to control group, no participants in the treatment group developed a rash greater than grade 1, as determined by the blinded dermatologists, and none required oral antibiotics, while 1 of 3 of the control group developed a grade 3 eruption, and all 3 received oral antibiotics and topical corticosteroid. The mean change in HRQoL for the treatment group was −12.1% compared with −47.9% in the control group. In the control group 2 of 3 participants had reduced dosing of EGFRI therapy due to the eruption$$$ no participants in the treatment group required dose reduction of EGFRI because of eruption. These contrasting preliminary findings between the two groups suggest that preemptive topical TAC reduces the severity of EGFRI induced papulopustular eruption, reduces the need for oral antibiotics, increases the HRQoL, and improves adherence to EGFRI therapy. These findings warrant further exploration of this preemptive topical treatment for skin‐related toxicity which may cause interruption of EGFRI therapy.
Urea cream to prevent Capecitabine related Hand Foot Syndrome: a Randomized Controlled trial$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: 12% urea cream: Patients will be instructed to use 12 percent urea cream on both hands and feet, three times a day as well as after washing hands for 6 weeks Control Intervention1: observation: Patients will be kept on observation for 6 weeks CONDITION: Health Condition 1: C50‐C50‐ Malignant neoplasms of breast Health Condition 2: C15‐C26‐ Malignant neoplasms of digestive organs PRIMARY OUTCOME: to assess the efficacy of urea cream vs placebo to $$$ prevent HFS of any grade within a 6‐week period.Timepoint: at baseline, 3 weeks and 6 weeks SECONDARY OUTCOME: time to development of HFS $$$ $$$ time to capecitabine dose interruption, $$$ $$$ evaluation of capecitabine dose intensity $$$ $$$ quality of life analysesTimepoint: at baseline, 3 weeks and 6 weeks INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients with gastrointestinal malignancies of breast cancer initiating capecitabine treatment at a dose of at least 1000mg/m2 twice daily as monotherapy or combination therapy, ECOG PS less than 3, adequate bone marrow function
Pruritus in cancer patients$$$ Pruritus is an uncommon symptom in cancer patients but can often be difficult to treat. The pathogenesis is complex and is not fully understood although there is evidence of involvement of a number of mediators from which treatment options are developing. In cancer patients pruritus may be directly related to the cancer, indirectly related (e.g. cholestasis) or associated with treatment. It is not always possible to treat the underlying cause of the pruritus in these patients, or desirable to stop treatments that may contribute and in these cases we must address the pruritus itself. The treatment of pruritus is a developing area, and helpful research is slowly emerging. The evidence base is not extensive but some high quality studies exist. This short paper briefly discusses the pathogenesis, causes, effects and treatment options for pruritus in cancer patients.
A study to see the effect of using a steroid cream on the skin of the breast during radiation therapy to the whole breast in preventing radiation induced skin reactions in breast cancer patients undergoing breast conservative treatment$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Topical corticosteroid in half of the breast: Mometasone furoate 0.1% in patients with breast cancer receiving hypofractionated whole breast irradiation with simultaneous integrated boost using volumetric modulated arc therapy technique. Mometasone furoate 0.1% cream will be applied to the appropriate half of treated breast 4 hours before or after radiation therapy once daily during and until the end of radiation therapy. The total duration of radiation therapy is 3 weeks. Control Intervention1: Bare skin in other half of the breast: Patients with breast cancer receiving hypofractionated whole breast irradiation with simultaneous integrated boost using volumetric modulated arc therapy technique CONDITION: Health Condition 1: C501‐ Malignant neoplasm of central portion of breast Health Condition 2: C503‐ Malignant neoplasm of lower‐innerquadrant of breast Health Condition 3: C505‐ Malignant neoplasm of lower‐outerquadrant of breast Health Condition 4: C502‐ Malignant neoplasm of upper‐innerquadrant of breast Health Condition 5: C504‐ Malignant neoplasm of upper‐outerquadrant of breast PRIMARY OUTCOME: To determine the incidence and time to onset of grade 2 or more radiation dermatitis using CTCAE v5.0 criteria and score 3 or more pain score as assessed by the visual analogue scale (VAS)Timepoint: weekly,at the last fraction of radiation and 4 weeks post radiation SECONDARY OUTCOME: To assess skin toxicity on quality of life as measured by Radiation Induced Skin Reactions Assessment score(RISRAS) and Dermatology life quality inde Xquestionnaire (DLQI) Timepoint: weekly,at the last fraction of radiation and 4 weeks post radiation INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1.Above 18 years of age 2.Breast‐conservative surgery for breast cancer 3.A hypofractionation regimen of 40.5Gy in 15 fractions (fx) with simultaneous integrated boost technique.
The Effect of Special Diets on Weight and Nutritional Intake in Hematological Cancer Patients: a Randomized Study$$$ Major weight loss and taste changes are well documented in patients with hematological cancer during chemotherapy. We have previously documented, that such patients have preferences for much umami, a little sweet, sour and salt, and no bitter. We wanted to convert these results into real diets. Patients participated in two sensory pilot studies (n = 10), where dishes were tested for preferences before and after chemotherapy. From these results, four dishes were selected and tested on 32 patients in 30 days in a cross‐over design. The diets resulted in a beneficial and statistically significant difference in weight development (p = 0.0008), with 1.2 ± 1.9 kg (+2%) in the intervention period and –2.8 ± 5.2 kg (–4%) in the control period. This difference persisted after sensitivity analysis (±10%) P = 0.005. However, the nutritional intake was still low in both periods, and the treatment with cytarabine turned out to be a major confounder as dosage was significantly higher in the control period.
Ablative fractional laser-assisted methyl aminolaevulinate photodynamic therapy (MAL-PDT) vs. conventional MAL-PDT for the treatment of actinic cheilitis: a randomized, comparative study$$$ Actinic cheilitis (AC) is a preinvasive malignant lesion that has potential to progress into squamous cell carcinoma (SCC). SCC of the lip metastasizes much more frequently than analogous lesions, so, early and effective treatment is important. Conventional modalities of AC treatment may very often have low efficacy and disabling side‐effects. Photodynamic therapy (PDT) on actinic keratoses (AK) showed high response rates and superior cosmetic outcomes compared with conventional therapies. However, PDT for AC is not very common. We compared the clinical and histological long‐term outcome, recurrence rate, cosmetic outcomes and safety between erbium‐doped yttrium aluminium garnet (Er:YAG) ablative fractional laser (AFL)‐assisted PDT (Er:YAG AFL‐PDT) and conventional methyl aminolaevulinate PDT (MAL‐PDT) in AC. We included 49 patients with histologically proven AC that did not respond after various previous therapies. Twelve patients were treated with one or two sessions of Er:YAG AFL‐PDT, while others were treated with MAL‐PDT. Er:YAG AFL therapy was performed using 550‐600 lm ablation depth, level 1 coagulation, 22% treatment density and a single pulse. MAL cream was then applied under occlusion for 3 h and illuminated with a red light‐emitting diode lamp at 37 J cm2. Overall response rate, recurrence rate, cosmetic outcomes and safety were assessed clinically and histologically at 3, 6 and 12 months after treatment. After 3 months, Er:YAG AFL‐PDT was more effective (91 7%) than MAL‐PDT (78 4%), and the recurrence rate was lower for Er:YAG AFL‐PDT (9 1%) than for MAL‐PDT (25 6%) at 12 months. After 12 months, overall efficacy of Er:YAG AFL‐PDT was significantly higher than that of MAL‐PDT (83 3% vs. 51 4%, P = 0 05). No significant difference was found between Er:YAG AFL‐PDT and MAL‐PDT in terms of cosmetic outcomes or safety. Er:YAG AFL‐PDT showed significantly higher efficacy and lower recurrence rate than conventional MAL‐PDT for treating intractable AC.
Comparative effects of whey and casein proteins on satiety in overweight and obese individuals: a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background/Objective:Dairy protein seems to reduce appetite by increasing satiety and delaying the return of hunger and subsequently lowering energy intake compared with fat or carbohydrate. The aim of this study was to compare the effect of whey with that of casein proteins on satiety in overweight/obese individuals.Methods/Subjects:This was a randomized, parallel‐design 12‐week‐long study. Seventy subjects with a body mass index between 25 and 40 kg/m 2 and aged 18‐65 years were randomized into one of three supplement groups: glucose control (n=25), casein (n=20) or whey (n=25) protein. Before commencing the study, at weeks 6 and 12 of the treatment, a Visual Analogue Scale (VAS) was used to measure subjective sensations of appetite before lunch and before dinner.Results:Rating for VAS (mm) at 6 and 12 weeks showed significantly higher satiety in the whey group compared with the casein (P=0.017 and P=0.025, respectively) or control (P=0.024 and P=0.032, respectively) groups when measured before lunch. Similarly, at 6 and 12 weeks, the score for fullness was also significantly higher in the whey group compared with both casein (P=0.038 and P=0.022, respectively) and control (P=0.020 and P=0.030, respectively) groups. However, these short‐term effects on satiety from dairy whey proteins did not have any long‐term effects on energy intake or body weight over 12 weeks compared with casein.Conclusions:Collectively, whey protein supplementation appears to have a positive and acute postprandial effect on satiety and fullness compared with casein and carbohydrate supplementation in overweight and obese individuals.
Saturated fatty acids, but not N-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids or carbohydrates, increase airway inflammation in non-obese asthmatics$$$ Introduction/Aim: We have previously shown that consumption of a high energy, fast food meal, rich in saturated fatty acids (SFA), n‐6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n‐6PUFA) and simple carbohydrates (CHO), causes increased airway neutrophilia in asthma. This study aimed to compare the individual effects of each of these macronutrients on airway inflammation in asthma. Methods: A randomised, crossover study in 23 adults with asthma (n=12 non‐obese, n=11 obese) was conducted. Subjects consumed 3 different isocaloric meals (∼1800kJ) on 3 separate occasions, with a minimum washout period of 7 days. The meals were: SFA (delivered as double cream and butter, 70% SFA), n‐6PUFA (delivered as safflower oil, 72% n‐6PUFA) or simple CHO (delivered as glucose confectionary, 100% CHO). Blood and induced sputum were collected at 0 and 4 hours after consumption of the meal for measurement of inflammatory cells. Postprandial changes in sputum cell gene expression were measured by microarray analysis. Results: Total white blood cell and blood neutrophil counts increased in both the obese and non‐obese subjects, following both of the high fat meals, while there was no increase following the high CHO meal. In sputum, neutrophils increased in the non‐obese subjects following the high SFA meal (25.8(16.5‐48.0)% median(IQR) versus 60.3 (6.0‐94.5)%, p=0.018), but there were no changes following the n‐6PUFA or CHO meals. There were no postprandial changes in airway cells in the obese subjects. The genes most significantly upregulated in the non‐obese subjects following the high SFA meal were NLRP3 and TLR4. Conclusion: SFA, but not n‐6PUFA or CHO, cause an acute increase in airway neutrophilia in non‐obese asthmatics, associated with an activation of the NLRP3 inflammasome. The airways of obese subjects appear to be resistant to the inflammatory effects of SFA, possibly due to desensitisation resulting from chronic exposure to high circulating SFA levels.
Saturated fatty acids, but not N-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids or carbohydrates, increase airway inflammation in non-obese asthmatics$$$ Introduction/Rationale: We have previously shown that consumption of a high energy, fast food meal, rich in saturated fatty acids (SFA), n‐6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n‐ 6PUFA) and simple carbohydrates (CHO), causes increased airway neutrophilia in asthma. This study aimed to compare the individual effects of each of these macronutrients on airway inflammation in asthma. Methods: A randomised, crossover study in 23 adults with asthma (n=12 non‐obese, n=11 obese) was conducted. Subjects consumed 3 different isocaloric meals (∼1800kJ) on 3 separate occasions, with a minimum washout period of 7 days. The meals were: SFA (delivered as double cream and butter, 70% SFA), n‐ 6PUFA (delivered as safflower oil, 72% n‐6PUFA) or simple CHO (delivered as glucose confectionary, 100% CHO). Blood and induced sputum were collected at 0 and 4 hours after consumption of the meal for measurement of inflammatory cells. Postprandial changes in sputum cell gene expression were measured by microarray analysis. Results: Total white blood cell and blood neutrophil counts increased in both the obese and non‐obese subjects, following both of the high fat meals, while there was no increase following the high CHO meal. In sputum, neutrophils increased in the non‐obese subjects following the high SFA meal (25.8(16.5‐48.0)% median(IQR) versus 60.3 (6.0‐94.5)%, p=0.018), but there were no changes following the n‐6PUFA or CHO meals. There were no postprandial changes in airway cells in the obese subjects. The genes most significantly upregulated in the non‐obese subjects following the high SFA meal were NLRP3 and TLR4. Conclusion: SFA, but not n‐6PUFA or CHO, cause an acute increase in airway neutrophilia in non‐obese asthmatics, associated with an activation of the NLRP3 inflammasome. The airways of obese subjects appear to be resistant to the inflammatory effects of SFA, possibly due to desensitisation, resulting from chronic exposure to high circulating SFA levels.
Effects of saturated fatty acids from butter and cheese on high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-mediated cholesterol efflux capacity$$$ OBJECTIVE The association between dietary saturated fat (SFA) intake and cardiovascular disease risk remains controversial. Emerging data suggest that SFA from different sources may show different association with cardiovascular and cardiometabolic risk. The objective of this study was to examine how SFA from cheese (CHEESE) influences HDL‐mediated cholesterol efflux capacity (CEC), a key anti‐atherogenic property of HDL, compared with a low fat/high carbohydrate diet (CHO), a diet rich in SFA from butter (BUTTER) and diets either high in monounsaturated (MUFA) or polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA). METHODS A total of 46 men and women with abdominal obesity and with relatively low HDL cholesterol (HDL‐C) completed this randomized crossover controlled trial consisting of 5 predetermined isoenergetic diets of 4 weeks each (Table 1): 1) CHEESE, 2) BUTTER, 3) MUFA, 4) PUFA, 5) CHO. All foods were provided to participants during each experimental diet. CEC was assessed with radiolabelled J774 macrophages using apolipoprotein B depleted serum samples taken from participants at the end of each dietary phase. HDL lipid composition (gas chromatography) and HDL particle size distribution (polyacrylamide gradient gel electrophoresis) were also assessed. RESULTS All higher fat diets increased HDL‐C concentrations compared to CHO (all p<0.001). BUTTER and CHEESE increased low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL‐C) concentrations more than CHO, MUFA and PUFA diets, particularly among individuals with high baseline LDL‐C (all p<0.001). LDL‐C concentrations tended to be greater after BUTTER than after CHEESE (p=0.07). BUTTER, PUFA and CHEESE significantly increased large HDL2b levels compared to CHO (all p≤0.01). BUTTER also increased HDL2b levels more than MUFA (p=0.04). There was no difference in HDL‐mediated CEC between CHEESE and CHO (p=NS). BUTTER significantly increased HDL‐mediated CEC compared to CHEESE and CHO (both p<0.05). MUFA also increased CEC compared to CHEESE and CHO (both p<0.05). PUFA had no significant effect on HDL CEC compared to the others diets (p=NS). The increase in LDL‐C after BUTTER (vs. CHO) was significantly correlated with concurrent increase in CEC in men (r=0.44, p=0.04), but not in women (r=0.27, p=0.20). CONCLUSIONS: These results provide evidence of a matrix effect modulating the effects of dairy SFA on HDL characteristics and function, with greater changes seen with SFA from butter than with SFA from cheese in men and women with abdominal obesity and with relatively low HDL‐C levels. The increase in HDL‐mediated CEC seen with SFA from butter parallels the increase in LDL‐C among men, but not among women. Additional studies assessing other HDL functions will provide further insights on how the food source may modify the effects of SFA on cardiometabolic risk.
The Effect of a Combined Topical Herbal Cream on the Incidence and Severity of Striae Gravidarum in Primiparous Women: a Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Background: Striae gravidarum, which occurs in most pregnancies, is unpleasant for women, and its treatment is costly. A preventive measure for this condition is applying herbal oils to maintain the skin's elasticity. The current study investigated the effect of a topical combined herbal cream on the occurrence and severity of striae gravidarum in primiparous women. Methods: In this triple‐blind randomized clinical trial, 90 primiparous women in their first trimester of pregnancy, attending healthcare centres in Mashhad, Iran, were randomly allocated into two groups of herbal cream and placebo, from which 54 completed the study. The intervention group received 0.3 g of the cream, topically, composed of Calendula (Pot marigold), Anthemis nobilis (Chamomile), Pelargonium Graveolens (Rose Geranium), Theobroma oil (Cocoa Butter) and Soybean, twice a day for three days a week from 14‐16 to 27‐30 weeks of gestation and the placebo group received a moisturizing cream. At the gestational age of 38‐40 weeks, the incidence and severity of striae on the abdominal skin were evaluated using the Atwal numerical scoring system and digital photography. Results: There was a significant difference between the prevalence of striae in the intervention and placebo group (43.3% vs 87.5%) (P<0.0001). Also, a significant difference was seen between the two groups in terms of the severity of the striae (P < 0.001). In the intervention group, the severity of striae in 86.7%, 13.3%, and 0% of the cases was mild, moderate, and severe, respectively, whereas, in the placebo group, it was occurred as mild, moderate, and severe in 37.5%, 58.3%, and 4.2% of the cases. Conclusion: Considering the effect of topically applied herbal cream, it is recommended that health care providers suggest pregnant women to use such herbal creams to avoid striae gravidarum development. Clinical Trial Registration Number: IRCT20190305042927.
Saturated fatty acids, but not n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids or carbohydrates, increase airway inflammation in non-obese asthmatics$$$ Introduction/Aim: We have previously shown that consumption of a high energy, fast food meal, rich in saturated fatty acids (SFA), n‐6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n‐ 6PUFA) and simple carbohydrates (CHO), causes increased airway neutrophilia in asthma. This study aimed to compare the individual effects of each of these macronutrients on airway inflammation in asthma. Methods: A randomised, crossover study in 23 adults with asthma (n=12 non‐obese, n=11 obese) was conducted. Subjects consumed 3 different isocaloric meals ( 1800kJ) on 3 separate occasions, with a minimum washout period of 7 days. The meals were: SFA (delivered as double cream and butter, 70% SFA), n‐ 6PUFA (delivered as safflower oil, 72% n‐6PUFA) or simple CHO (delivered as glucose confectionary, 100% CHO). Blood and induced sputum were collected at 0 and 4 hours after consumption of the meal for measurement of inflammatory cells. Postprandial changes in sputum cell gene expression were measured by microarray analysis. Results: Total white blood cell and blood neutrophil counts increased in both the obese and non‐obese subjects, following both of the high fat meals, while there was no increase following the high CHO meal. In sputum, neutrophils increased in the non‐obese subjects following the high SFA meal (25.8(16.5‐48.0)% median(IQR) versus 60.3 (6.0‐94.5)%, p=0.018), but there were no changes following the n‐6PUFA or CHO meals. There were no postprandial changes in airway cells in the obese subjects. The genes most significantly upregulated in the non‐obese subjects following the high SFA meal were NLRP3 and TLR4. Conclusion: SFA, but not n‐6PUFA or CHO, cause an acute increase in airway neutrophilia in non‐obese asthmatics, associated with an activation of the NLRP3 inflammasome. The airways of obese subjects appear to be resistant to the inflammatory effects of SFA, possibly due to desensitisation resulting from chronic exposure to high circulating SFA levels.
Postprandial lipid and carbohydrate responses after the ingestion of a casein-enriched mixed meal$$$ BACKGROUND: Postprandial lipemia is markedly modulated when carbohydrates are added to a fatty meal. The effect of added protein is less known, however, and the data are controversial. OBJECTIVE: We investigated the effects of casein added to various fat‐rich meals in the absence and presence of oligosaccharides. DESIGN: Four different test meals were given to 24 healthy volunteers: 1) fat alone, consisting of 3 g cream/kg body wt$$$ 2) fat plus 75 g oligosaccharides$$$ 3) fat plus 50 g sodium caseinate$$$ and 4) a combination of all 3 components. Blood samples were taken before the meals and 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, and 8 h thereafter. The variables measured were serum free fatty acids, arginine, glucose, insulin, and C‐peptide as well as triacylglycerol in serum, in chylomicrons, and in VLDL. Gastric emptying was monitored with the use of a (13)C breath test. RESULTS: Addition of oligosaccharides resulted in the known delay and reduction in postprandial lipemia. Casein caused additional effects: chylomicrons were further reduced and delayed, independently of gastric emptying. C‐peptide and insulin, as expressed by their areas under the curves, were raised not only during the early response to the glucose load but also in the postabsorptive state. Concentrations of free fatty acids, which were markedly suppressed by 24% after oligosaccharides alone, were lowered a further 20% after the addition of casein. CONCLUSIONS: Casein added to a fatty meal lowers free fatty acids markedly in the postprandial and postabsorption phases, probably via its insulinotropic activity. Postprandial lipemia is also moderately reduced.
Addition of 2.5 g l-arginine in a fatty meal prevents the lipemia-induced endothelial dysfunction in healthy volunteers$$$ BACKGROUND: Endothelial function as determined by flow‐mediated dilation (FMD) deteriorates during postprandial lipemia. The impairment can be neutralized by adding 50 g casein to the fatty meal. The objective of this study was to see which of the casein constituents is responsible for this neutralization effect. DESIGN: A crossover design was used in 15 healthy volunteers, who were given 3 ml cream/kg body weight with and without 2.5 g L‐arginine. Lipids and FMD were then determined hourly over a period of 6h. In substudies this design was repeated with 2.5 g phenylalanine and 5 g leucine in 11 subjects. The effect of 2.5 g L‐arginine on FMD in the absence of cream was tested in seven subjects. RESULTS: Without L‐arginine the FMD deteriorated during 4h after the fat loading. Addition of L‐arginine prevented this deterioration at 3 and 4h. Phenylalanine and leucine, in contrast, did not prevent the lipemic endothelial dysfunction. L‐Arginine alone similarly had no acute effect on the FMD. CONCLUSION: 2.5 g L‐arginine, but not phenyalanine or leucine, is able to prevent the lipemic dysfunction of the endothelium.
Different galenic formulations of fluvastatin have equal lipid-lowering potential but differ in reducing lipemia-induced endothelial dysfunction$$$ BACKGROUND: Postprandial lipemia is known to exert a reversible detrimental effect on endothelium‐dependent flow‐mediated vasodilation (FMD). Fasting FMD has shown to be improved by fluvastatin. In this study, we investigated whether lipemia‐induced endothelial dysfunction can be mitigated by fluvastatin in two (immediate‐release and extended‐release) formulations. METHODS: In 27 patients with the metabolic syndrome, randomized in a three‐period crossover design for 5 weeks each to 80 mg extended‐release fluvastatin daily, 40 mg immediate‐release fluvastatin twice daily (b.i.d.) or placebo, the fasting and postprandial lipids and FMD of the brachial artery were measured at baseline and after 5 weeks of each treatment period. Postprandial lipemia was induced by administration of whipping cream containing 33% fat (1 g fat/kg body weight). FMD was determined by two‐dimensional ultrasonography of the brachial artery in the fasting state and 4 h after the fatty meal. Lipids were determined using routine methods. RESULTS: Fasting triglycerides were reduced after immediate‐release and extended‐release fluvastatin by 16 and 23%, respectively, and postprandial triglycerides by 20 and 29%, respectively. The fasting FMD was also improved by each treatment. The postprandial FMD impairment, however, was mitigated only after 40 mg b.i.d. After 80 mg fluvastatin, the last dose of which had been administered the previous evening, the lipemic FMD impairment was the same as after the placebo. CONCLUSION: Fluvastatin improves fasting FMD regardless of whether it is administered as 40 mg b.i.d. or 80 mg daily given in the evening. The lipemic FMD impairment, in contrast, is improved only by 40 mg b.i.d. when the tablet is taken in the morning of the test day. As the half‐life of fluvastatin is about 2 h, we surmise that an improvement occurs only when sufficient amounts of fluvastatin are present in the bloodstream.
Postprandial lipemia testing-does fat alone affects insulinemia during early postprandial phase?$$$ Objectives: The increased postprandial lipemia magnitude is associated with a higher risk of cardiovascular disease, however, the examination of postprandial lipemia is not usually carried out due to its length. Moreover, there is no standardized methodology of the test. Some authors use fat load alone, others prefer mixed meals containing carbohydrate. The postrandial response of insulinemia seems to be one of the most important factors regulating postprandial lipemia and it is not clear whether fat load alone can induce insulin response. Therefore we compared the response of insulinemia to a fat load and to a fat load together with carbohydrate. Methods: Two examinations were carried out in six healthy male volunteers ‐ they received an experimental breakfast containing 75 g of fat (cream) or 75 g of fat + 25 g of carbohydrate. The concentrations of insulin, glucose, triglyceride and nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA) in plasma were measured within 2 hours after breakfast. The order of both examinations was randomized. Results: The addition of 25 g of carbohydrate to 75 g of fat induced a pronounced insulin response after 30 minutes (increase from 7 to 39 mIU/ l). The fat load alone affected neither insulinemia nor glycemia. There were no significant differences in the changes of concentration of triglyceride and NEFA in early postprandial phase. Conclusion: The addition of small amount of carbohydrate (25 g) to fat load as recommended recently (Kolovou et al, Curr Vasc Pharmacol 2011$$$ 9: 258‐70) induces physiological response of insulin and should be therefore preferred during postprandial lipemia testing.
Silymarin improves fibrosis in non-alcoholic steatohepatitis$$$ Introduction: Silymarin, which is derived from the milk‐thistle plant Silybum marianum, has been suggested to be useful for the treatment of non‐alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) but robust evidence is lacking. Material and Methods: This is a randomized, double‐blind, placebocontrolled, investigator‐initiated study of silymarin 700 mg t.i.d. for the treatment of non‐alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH). All included patients had biopsy‐proven NASH, were given lifestyle advice, and received either silymarin or placebo for 48 weeks. A repeat liver biopsy was performed at the end of the study. Histology was reported using the NASH Clinical Research Network scoring system. Results: A total of 99 subjects were randomized (silymarin, n = 49$$$ placebo, n = 50). There was no significant difference in the primary efficacy outcome (defined as ≥30% improvement in the NAFLD activity score, NAS) between the silymarin and placebo groups (36.4% vs. 28.9%, p = 0.452). Patients in both the silymarin and placebo groups experienced significant improvement in their NAS (Δsilymarin = ‐0.733, p = 0.003$$$ Δplacebo = ‐0.706, p = 0.006). However, the changes were not significant between the groups (p = 0.857). There was a reduction in fibrosis in the silymarin group which was not seen in the placebo group (Δsilymarin = ‐0.184, p = 0.071, Δplacebo = +0.100, p = 0.200). The changes were significant between the groups (p = 0.026). The percentage of patients with fibrosis improvement was significantly greater in the silymarin group compared with the placebo group (25.0% vs. 6.7%, p = 0.021). In addition, significantly more patients in the silymarin group had ≥30% improvement in liver stiffness measurement compared with the placebo group (26.3% vs. 2.6%, p = 0.003). The number needed to treat for fibrosis improvement with silymarin was 6. The use of silymarin remained an independent factor associated with fibrosis improvement after adjusting for age, gender, the baseline NAS and fibrosis stage, and changes in serum HbA1c and LDL levels. There was no significant difference in adverse events between the silymarin and placebo groups, and none of the adverse events were deemed to be related to silymarin. Conclusion: Silymarin 700 mg t.i.d. in addition to lifestyle advice for 48 weeks resulted in a significantly higher percentage of fibrosis improvement compared with placebo, and appeared to be safe and well‐tolerated.
Feasibility and Acceptability of Metformin to Augment Low Milk Supply: a Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Metformin improves insulin action, but feasibility in treating low milk supply is unknown. RESEARCH AIM: To determine the feasibility of a metformin‐ versus‐placebo definitive randomized clinical trial in women with low milk production and signs of insulin resistance. METHODS: Pilot trial criteria included: Mother 1‐8 weeks postpartum (ideally 1‐2 weeks), low milk production, and ≥1 insulin resistance sign$$$ and singleton, healthy, term infant. Eligible mothers were randomly assigned 2:1 (metformin:placebo) and instructed in frequent milk removal for 28 days with option to stop at 14 days. RESULTS: From 02/2015 through 06/2016, we screened 114 women, completed baseline assessments on 46, and trialed 15 (median, 36 days postpartum). Comparing metformin‐assigned ( n = 10) to placebo ( n = 5), 70% versus 80% continued to day 28$$$ peak median change in milk output was +8 versus ‐58 mL/24 hr ( p = .31) and 80% peaked at Day 14 for both groups$$$ 0% versus 20% desired to continue assigned drug after study completion$$$ 44% versus 0% reported nausea/vomiting. Post‐hoc, median peak change in milk output was +22 (metformin completers, n = 8) versus ‐58 mL/24 hr (placebo + non‐completers, n = 7, p = .07). At baseline assessment, median milk production was significantly lower in those with ( n = 31), versus those without ( n = 15) signs of insulin resistance ( p = .002). CONCLUSIONS: Although results trend toward hypothesized direction, trial feasibility concerns include late enrollment and only 20% of metformin‐assigned participants sustaining improved milk output to Day 28, with none perceiving metformin worthwhile. Better tools are needed to identify and treat metabolically‐driven low milk production. Registered at ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT02179788) on 02/JUL/2014.
Phytosterol supplementation does not affect plasma antioxidant capacity in patients with metabolic syndrome$$$ Aims: Several studies have observed decreased levels of lipophilic antioxidants, such as carotenoids and tocopherols, after supplementation with phytosterols and stanols. Plasma overall antioxidant status is an important biomarker, because gives information about the oxidative stress, which is correlated with both atherosclerosis and diabetes. The aim of this study was to examine the effect of phytosterol supplementation on plasma total antioxidant capacity in patients with metabolic syndrome. Methods: In a parallel arm, randomized placebo‐controlled design 108 patients with metabolic syndrome were assigned to consume yogurt beverage which provided 4 g phytosterols per day or yogurt beverage without phytosterols. The duration of the study was 2 months and the patients in both groups followed their habitual westernized type diet. Blood samples were drawn at baseline and after 2 months and total antioxidant capacity of plasma was measured using the FRAP (Ferric Reducing Antioxidant Power of plasma) and ORAC (Oxygen Radical Absorbance Capacity) assays. Results: After 2 months of intervention, plasma total antioxidant capacity (FRAP and ORAC assays) did not differ between and within the intervention and the control groups. Conclusions: A two month intervention with phytosterols did not affect the plasma overall antioxidant status, an important oxidative stress biomarker for patients with metabolic syndrome.
18079 Low-cost treatments for advanced or severe photoaging and field cancerization: a Brazilian experience$$$ Background: Cutaneous field cancerization is characterized by multiple actinic keratosis (AKs) due to chronic sun exposure. AKs are considered pre‐neoplastic lesions with risk of evolution to squamous cell carcinoma. The aim of this study is to summarize the results of five strategies to treat field cancerization: 5% 5‐fluorouracil (5‐FU) cream versus 5‐FU peel$$$ 0.05% retinoic acid (RA) cream versus 5% RA peel or low‐dose (10 mg/day) use of oral isotretinoin (ISO). Methods: Four randomized and comparative clinical trials were conducted, including patients with severe photodamage and multiple AKs. Treatment duration varied from 1 to 6 months, with a 6‐month follow up. Efficacy outcomes comprised: patients’ opinion, standardized photos for clinical evaluation, quality of life by using Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI), histologic and immunohistochemical examinations of skin, at baseline and end of treatments. Results: The study with ISO or RA showed significant reduction in the DLQI score. Also, other benefits observed were the reduction of the number of new AKs, corneal layer thickness, dermal elastosis, epidermal expression of p53 and Bax proteins$$$ as well as increase in epithelium thickness, Bcl‐2 expression and collagen I in superficial dermis. 5‐FU cream and peel reduced the mean photoaging scores$$$ increased corneal layer thickness, reduced dermal elastosis and increased procollagen I. RA cream or peel reduced the mean photoaging score and the mean AKs count. Conclusions: Efficacy and safety of 0.05% (cream) or 5% (peel) retinoic acid, low‐dose oral isotretinoin and 5% 5‐fluorouracil (cream or peel) have been demonstrated to treat cutaneous field cancerization.
Clinical and immunological effects of imiquimod and HPV-vaccination compared to imiquimod alone in female patients with Usual type VIN: proof of principle$$$ INTERVENTION: Included patients will be double‐blinded and randomized to receive 5% imiquimod cream + HPV‐vaccination or 5% imiquimod cream with placebo vaccination (saline). Vaccination will take place in three dosages at weeks 0, 8 and 24. Imiquimod will be applied to the site of the lesion twice weekly for a period of 16 weeks (weeks 8‐24). Clinical assessment will take place every 4 weeks during treatment and 7 months after start of imiquimod treatment. CONDITION: $$$ precancerous lesion of the vulvae $$$ Vulvar Intraepithelial neoplasia 10038588 10040785 10047438 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Clinical response to the treatment in VIN lesions after the end of imiquimod $$$ treatment and the last vaccination, measured by 1) reduction in lesion size, 2) $$$ histological regression of usual type VIN to *normal* vulvar tissue and 3) $$$ relieve of symptoms. Other main study parameters are absence of HPV DNA in the $$$ original VIN lesions after treatment, normalization of immunocompetent cell $$$ counts and production of cytokines in peripheral blood and by Peripheral Blood $$$ Mononuclear Cells (PBMCs). $$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary study parameters include 1 presence of antibody titres against HPV $$$ 16,18, 6, and 11. $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ Histological proven usual type VIN, without invasion ‐ Previous treatment with imiquimod for 12‐16 weeks with a partial response to imiquimod treatment defined as a reduction in lesion size of 26%‐99% ‐ The patient is willing to use a medically acceptable method of contraception throughout the study ‐ Age 18 and above
Olive Pomace oil: an unforgotten source of vitamin E$$$ Background: Olive‐pomace oil (OPO), obtained from the solid by‐product generated during olive oil extraction, is nutritionally relevant due to its high oleic acid (C18:1) content and a wide range of minor bioactive components, such as the powerful antioxidant vitamin E. In Europe, EFSA established the recommended intake of vitamin E for adults at 13 and 11 mg/day for men and women, respectively. As worldwide dietary values are below these recommendations1, strategies to cover the daily recommendations of this vitamin are essential. Therefore, this situation represents an opportunity for OPO. Methods: We have carried out a human study to evaluate the possible beneficial role of OPO on cardiovascular health and associated pathologies (hypertension, diabetes and obesity) in comparison with high oleic sunflower oil (HOSO). Volunteers were recruited attending to their cholesterol levels and then, a randomized, cross‐over, controlled clinical trial was carried out in 64 subjects [34 normocholesterolaemic (<200mg/dL) and 30 hypercholesterolaemic (200‐280 mg/dL) men and women, aged 18‐55y with BMI 18‐30kg/m2], consisting in two 4‐week interventions with OPO and HOSO preceded each by 3‐week run‐in/wash‐out steps. Participants consumed daily 50 mL of OPO or HOSO, containing 357 and 420 ppm vitamin E, respectively, to meet the nutritional requirements of fat intake. Dietary suggestions will be provided to help volunteers achieve the recommended intake of monounsaturated fat equivalent to 20% (50 mL of OPO dairy). The consumption of nuts, avocado, olives and other dietary fat different from that the provided in the study was restricted. Dietary and lifestyle habits will be controlled during the study. Intake of macronutrients and micronutrients (vitamin E) was analyzed using DIAL software (Faculty of Pharmacy, Complutense University of Madrid). Results: Results showed an increased average vitamin E consumption from 9.61 mg/day in the run‐in period to 17.76 mg/day and 18.45 mg/day after OPO and HOSO, respectively. Sensory analysis showed that consumers preference for OPO was higher than that for HOSO. Conclusions: OPO was well accepted and, thus, constitutes an important dietary source of vitamin E covering the recommended daily intake. It is worth considering OPO as part of a healthy diet.
A Plant-Based Meal Increases Gastrointestinal Hormones and Satiety More Than an Energy- and Macronutrient-Matched Processed-Meat Meal in T2D, Obese, and Healthy Men: a Three-Group Randomized Crossover Study$$$ Gastrointestinal hormones are involved in regulation of glucose metabolism and satiety. We tested the acute effect of meal composition on these hormones in three population groups. A randomized crossover design was used to examine the effects of two energy‐and macronutrient‐matched meals: a processed‐meat and cheese (M‐meal) and a vegan meal with tofu (V‐meal) on gastrointestinal hormones, and satiety in men with type 2 diabetes (T2D, n = 20), obese men (O, n = 20), and healthy men (H, n = 20). Plasma concentrations of glucagon‐like peptide‐1 (GLP‐1), amylin, and peptide YY (PYY) were determined at 0, 30, 60, 120 and 180 min. Visual analogue scale was used to assess satiety. We used repeated‐measures Analysis of variance (ANOVA) for statistical analysis. Postprandial secretion of GLP‐1 increased after the V‐meal in T2D (by 30.5%$$$ 95%CI 21.2 to 40.7%$$$ p < 0.001) and H (by 15.8%$$$ 95%CI 8.6 to 23.5%$$$ p = 0.01). Postprandial plasma concentrations of amylin increased in in all groups after the V‐meal: by 15.7% in T2D (95%CI 11.8 to 19.6%$$$ p < 0.001)$$$ by 11.5% in O (95%CI 7.8 to 15.3%$$$ p = 0.03)$$$ and by 13.8% in H (95%CI 8.4 to 19.5%$$$ p < 0.001). An increase in postprandial values of PYY after the V‐meal was significant only in H (by 18.9%$$$ 95%CI 7.5 to 31.3%$$$ p = 0.03). Satiety was greater in all participants after the V‐meal: by 9% in T2D (95%CI 4.4 to 13.6%$$$ p = 0.004)$$$ by 18.7% in O (95%CI 12.8 to 24.6%$$$ p < 0.001)$$$ and by 25% in H (95%CI 18.2 to 31.7%$$$ p < 0.001). Our results indicate there is an increase in gut hormones and satiety, following consumption of a single plant‐based meal with tofu when compared with an energy‐and macronutrient‐matched processed‐meat meat and cheese meal, in healthy, obese and diabetic men.
A Plant-Based Meal Increases Gastrointestinal Hormones and Satiety More Than an Energy- and Macronutrient-Matched Processed-Meat Meal in T2D, Obese, and Healthy Men: a Three-Group Randomized Crossover Study$$$ Gastrointestinal hormones are involved in regulation of glucose metabolism and satiety. We tested the acute effect of meal composition on these hormones in three population groups. A randomized crossover design was used to examine the effects of two energy‐and macronutrient‐matched meals: a processed‐meat and cheese (M‐meal) and a vegan meal with tofu (V‐meal) on gastrointestinal hormones, and satiety in men with type 2 diabetes (T2D, n = 20), obese men (O, n = 20), and healthy men (H, n = 20). Plasma concentrations of glucagon‐like peptide‐1 (GLP‐1), amylin, and peptide YY (PYY) were determined at 0, 30, 60, 120 and 180 min. Visual analogue scale was used to assess satiety. We used repeated‐measures Analysis of variance (ANOVA) for statistical analysis. Postprandial secretion of GLP‐1 increased after the V‐meal in T2D (by 30.5%$$$ 95%CI 21.2 to 40.7%$$$ p < 0.001) and H (by 15.8%$$$ 95%CI 8.6 to 23.5%$$$ p = 0.01). Postprandial plasma concentrations of amylin increased in in all groups after the V‐meal: by 15.7% in T2D (95%CI 11.8 to 19.6%$$$ p < 0.001)$$$ by 11.5% in O (95%CI 7.8 to 15.3%$$$ p = 0.03)$$$ and by 13.8% in H (95%CI 8.4 to 19.5%$$$ p < 0.001). An increase in postprandial values of PYY after the V‐meal was significant only in H (by 18.9%$$$ 95%CI 7.5 to 31.3%$$$ p = 0.03). Satiety was greater in all participants after the V‐meal: by 9% in T2D (95%CI 4.4 to 13.6%$$$ p = 0.004)$$$ by 18.7% in O (95%CI 12.8 to 24.6%$$$ p < 0.001)$$$ and by 25% in H (95%CI 18.2 to 31.7%$$$ p < 0.001). Our results indicate there is an increase in gut hormones and satiety, following consumption of a single plant‐based meal with tofu when compared with an energy‐and macronutrient‐matched processed‐meat meat and cheese meal, in healthy, obese and diabetic men.
Study of Shadushana Guggulu (tablet) and Haridradi Gana Kashaya (decoction) In the Management of OBESITY$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Shadushana Guggulu: DOSE‐ 3 gm ( in equal divided dose) TDS In empty stomach Administrated with Honey and ghee Orally For 60 Days Follow Up:30 Days Control Intervention1: Shadushana Guggulu and Haridradi Gana Kashaya: DOSE‐ 3 gm (in equal divided dose) TDS In empty stomach Administrated with Haridradigana Kashaya (Decoction 20‐40 ml)Orally For 60 Days Follow Up:30 Days CONDITION: Health Condition 1: E668‐ Other obesity PRIMARY OUTCOME: Reduce BMI (Body Mass Index) and Waist hip circumference ratioTimepoint: 60 days SECONDARY OUTCOME: Reduce the symptoms of obesity and improves quality of life.Timepoint: 60 days INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1.Patients between age group of 18 years to 60 years. 2.Patients were selected on the basis of sign and symptoms as described in Ayurved and modern classics. 3.On the basis of WHR i.e., waist hip circumference ratio‐ WHR >0.95 in males WHR >0.8 in females BMI i.e. Body mass index is equal or greater than 30 kg/mÃ‚Â² (According to W.H.O. standards)
Associations of infant nutrition with insulin resistance measures in early adulthood: evidence from the barry-caerphilly growth (bcg) study$$$ BACKGROUND: Previous studies suggest that over‐nutrition in early infancy may programme long‐term susceptibility to insulin resistance. OBJECTIVE: To assess the association of breast milk and quantity of infant formula and cows' milk intake during infancy with insulin resistance measures in early adulthood. DESIGN: Long‐term follow‐up of the Barry Caerphilly Growth cohort, into which mothers and their offspring had originally been randomly assigned, between 1972‐1974, to receive milk supplementation or not. Participants were the offspring, aged 23‐27 years at follow‐up (n = 679). Breastfeeding and formula/cows' milk intake was recorded prospectively by nurses. The main outcomes were insulin sensitivity (ISI(0)) and insulin secretion (CIR(30)). RESULTS: 573 (84%) individuals had valid glucose and insulin results and complete covariate information. There was little evidence of associations of breastfeeding versus any formula/cows' milk feeding or of increasing quartiles of formula/cows' milk consumption during infancy (<3 months) with any outcome measure in young adulthood. In fully adjusted models, the differences in outcomes between breastfeeding versus formula/cows' milk feeding at 3 months were: fasting glucose (‐0.07 mmol/l$$$ 95% CI: ‐0.19, 0.05)$$$ fasting insulin (8.0%$$$ ‐8.7, 27.6)$$$ ISI(0) (‐6.1%$$$ ‐11.3, 12.1) and CIR(30) (3.8%$$$ ‐19.0, 32.8). There was also little evidence that increasing intakes of formula/cows' milk at 3 months were associated with fasting glucose (increase per quartile of formula/cows' milk intake = 0.00 mmol/l$$$ ‐0.03, 0.03)$$$ fasting insulin (0.8%$$$ ‐3.2, 5.1)$$$ ISI (0) (‐0.9%$$$ ‐5.1, 3.5) and CIR(30) (‐2.6%$$$ ‐8.4, 3.6). CONCLUSIONS: We found no evidence that increasing consumption of formula/cows' milk in early infancy was associated with insulin resistance in young adulthood.
Effect of Resistance Training and Various Sources of Protein Supplementation on Body Fat Mass and Metabolic Profile in Sarcopenic Overweight Older Adult Men: a Pilot Study$$$ The decrease in resting energy expenditure (REE) and fat oxidation with aging is associated with an increase in fat mass (FM), and both could be prevented by exercise such as resistance training. Dairy consumption has also been shown to promote FM loss in different subpopulations and to be positively associated with fat oxidation. Therefore, we sought to determine whether resistance exercise combined with dairy supplementation could have an additive impact on FM and energy metabolism, especially in individuals with a deficit in muscle mass. Twenty‐six older overweight sarcopenic men (65 ± 5 years old) were recruited for the study. They participated in 4 months of resistance exercise and were randomized into three groups for postexercise shakes (control, dairy, and nondairy isocaloric and isoprotein supplement with 375 ml and 280 calories per shake). Body composition was measured by dual X‐ray absorptiometry and REE by indirect calorimetry. Fasting glucose, insulin, leptin, inflammatory profile, and blood lipid profile were also measured. Significant decreases were observed with FM only in the dairy supplement group$$$ no changes were observed for any other variables. To conclude, FM may decrease without changes in metabolic parameters during resistance training and dairy supplementation with no caloric restriction without having any impact on metabolic properties. More studies are warranted to explain this significant decrease in FM.
Efficacy, Safety, and Tolerability of 4% 5-Fluorouracil Cream in a Novel Patented Aqueous Cream Containing Peanut Oil Once Daily Compared With 5% 5-Fluorouracil Cream Twice Daily: meeting the Challenge in the Treatment of Actinic Keratosis$$$ BACKGROUND: Actinic keratosis (AK) is a neoplastic keratosis and a precursor of squamous cell carcinoma (SCC). OBJECTIVE: We are presenting data on a novel formulation of 4% 5‐Fluorouracil (5‐FU) in an aqueous vehicle cream containing peanut oil (Tolak) with once daily application versus treatment with 5% 5‐FU twice daily for 4 weeks. METHODS: 1) A dose ranging study of 4% 5‐FU cream once or twice daily for 2 or 4 weeks and its vehicle, compared to 5% 5‐FU cream twice daily for 4 weeks in 121 subjects. 2) A double‐blinded multicenter study involving 841 subjects for non‐inferiority and safety of 4% 5‐FU cream once daily vs 5% 5‐FU cream twice daily over 4 weeks with 100% and 75% clinical clearance of AK's. RESULTS: 4% 5‐FU qd q4wks achieved 100% clearance in 80% and 75% clearance in 100% of subjects vs 75% and 95% respectively with 5% 5‐FU bid q4wks. 4% 5‐FU qd2wks achieved 100% clearance in 60% and 75% clearance in 85% of subjects. 4% 5‐FU qd q4wks recorded 65 adverse events and 30% application site skin irritation versus 71 events and 60% with 5% 5‐FU bid q4wks. 4% 5‐FU exceeded non‐inferiority by 1.32% with sub‐analysis for higher percentage of severely affected patients. 4% 5‐FU showed 75% clearance of AK's in 80.5% vs 80.2% for 5% 5‐FU with superior tolerability. CONCLUSIONS: 4% 5‐FU cream is a novel, efficacious, superior tolerated once daily topical treatment for better compliance and treatment outcome. The peanut oil component is safe even in peanut‐allergic patients. J Drugs Dermatol. 2016$$$15(10):1218‐1224.
Efficacy, Safety, and Tolerability of 4% 5-Fluorouracil Cream in a Novel Patented Aqueous Cream Containing Peanut Oil Once Daily Compared With 5% 5-Fluorouracil Cream Twice Daily: meeting the Challenge in the Treatment of Actinic Keratosis$$$ BACKGROUND: Actinic keratosis (AK) is a neoplastic keratosis and a precursor of squamous cell carcinoma (SCC). OBJECTIVE: We are presenting data on a novel formulation of 4% 5‐Fluorouracil (5‐FU) in an aqueous vehicle cream containing peanut oil (Tolak) with once daily application versus treatment with 5% 5‐FU twice daily for 4 weeks. METHODS: 1) A dose ranging study of 4% 5‐FU cream once or twice daily for 2 or 4 weeks and its vehicle, compared to 5% 5‐FU cream twice daily for 4 weeks in 121 subjects. 2) A double‐blinded multicenter study involving 841 subjects for non‐inferiority and safety of 4% 5‐FU cream once daily vs 5% 5‐FU cream twice daily over 4 weeks with 100% and 75% clinical clearance of AK's. RESULTS: 4% 5‐FU qd q4wks achieved 100% clearance in 80% and 75% clearance in 100% of subjects vs 75% and 95% respectively with 5% 5‐FU bid q4wks. 4% 5‐FU qd2wks achieved 100% clearance in 60% and 75% clearance in 85% of subjects. 4% 5‐FU qd q4wks recorded 65 adverse events and 30% application site skin irritation versus 71 events and 60% with 5% 5‐FU bid q4wks. 4% 5‐FU exceeded non‐inferiority by 1.32% with sub‐analysis for higher percentage of severely affected patients. 4% 5‐FU showed 75% clearance of AK's in 80.5% vs 80.2% for 5% 5‐FU with superior tolerability. CONCLUSIONS: 4% 5‐FU cream is a novel, efficacious, superior tolerated once daily topical treatment for better compliance and treatment outcome. The peanut oil component is safe even in peanut‐allergic patients. J Drugs Dermatol. 2016$$$15(10):1218‐1224.
The effect of the combination of restricted energy diet and low fat milk or calcium supplement on iron status of premenopausal overweight or obese women$$$ Rationale: Recent researches suggest that calcium and dairy consumption may have beneficial effects on weight loss. Also, it is assumed that calcium intake interfere with Iron absorption. So we studied the effect of low fat milk or calcium supplement on serum ferritin of premenopausal overweight or obese women following energy restricted diet. Methods: 75 healthy overweight or obese premenopausal women were randomly allocated to one of the following dietary regimens for 8 weeks: (1) a control diet providing a 500 kcal/day deficit, with 500 600 mg/day dietary calcium$$$ (2) a calcium‐supplemented diet identical to the control diet with 800 mg/day of calcium as calcium carbonate$$$ (3) a milk diet providing a 500 kcal/day deficit and containing three servings of low fat milk. At baseline and after 8 weeks, height, weight, waist circumference, hip circumference and serum ferritin were measured. Results: After 8 weeks weight (p = 0.008) and BMI (p = 0.002) of milk group reduced more than the controls. Moreover, reduction of waist circumference and WHR in the milk group (p = 0.004 and p = 0.002 respectively) were significantly higher than the controls. Mean±SD of serum ferritin reductions were 0.20±3.40, 16.31±2.20 and 8.30±3.60 (mg/l) in controls, Ca group and milk group respectively. Serum ferritin reduction was only significant in calcium supplemented group, but there was no significant difference among the reductions in 3 groups. Conclusion: Our results showed that consumption of lowfat milk could enhance the beneficial effect of energyrestricted diet on central and general obesity without any adverse effects on iron status in overweight or obese women.
Meal replacement based on Human Ration modulates metabolic risk factors during body weight loss: a randomized controlled trial$$$ PURPOSE: A meal replacement may be an effective strategy in the management of obesity to increase antioxidant intake, attenuating oxidative stress and inflammation. In the present study, we investigated the efficacy of a new nutritional supplement to reduce metabolic risk parameters in obese women. METHODS: In a randomized controlled crossover study (2 × 2), 22 women (percentage body fat 40.52 ± 3.75%$$$ body mass index‐BMI 28.72 ± 2.87 kg/m²$$$ 35.04 ± 5.6 years old) were allocated into two treatments: hypocaloric diet and drink containing "Human Ration" (HR) consumption (CRHR), and hypocaloric diet and control drink consumption (CR). The study consisted of 2 periods of 5 weeks with 1 week of washout in two orders (CR → CRHR and CRHR → CR). Caloric restriction was 15%, based on estimated energy requirement. Anthropometric, clinical and metabolic risk parameters were assessed at baseline and at the end of each period. RESULTS: Some metabolic risk factors were favorably modulated in both interventions: reduction in body weight (CR ‐0.74 ± 1.27 kg$$$ p = 0.01$$$ CRHR ‐0.77 ± 1.3 kg$$$ p = 0.02), body mass index (BMI) (CR ‐0.27 ± 0.51 kg/m²$$$ p = 0.02$$$ CRHR ‐0.30 ± 0.52 kg/m²$$$ p = 0.01) and HOMA‐IR (CR ‐0.35 ± 0.82$$$ p = 0.02, CRHR ‐0.41 ± 0.83$$$ p = 0.03). However, CRHR reduced waist circumference (‐2.54 ± 2.74 cm$$$ p < 0.01) and gynoid fat (‐0.264 ± 0.28 g$$$ p < 0.01), and increased HDL‐c levels (0.08 ± 0.15 mmol/l$$$ p = 0.04). CONCLUSION: Associated with hypocaloric diet, the intake of a nutritional supplement rich in phytochemicals as a breakfast substitute for 5 weeks had no additional effect on weight reduction than caloric restriction alone, but increased central lipolysis and improved the lipoprotein profile.
ID: 205709 10 kHz SCS Significantly Improves Health-Related Quality of Life for Patients With Painful Diabetic Neuropathy$$$ Introduction: Painful diabetic neuropathy (PDN) affects approximately 9‐11 million Americans.1‐2 PDN pain can interfere with daily activities, cause psychosocial impairment, and reduce health‐related quality of life (HRQoL).3 Unfortunately, conventional medical management (CMM), which includes pharmacotherapies, is ineffective for many PDN patients.2 Recently, high‐frequency (10 kHz) spinal cord stimulation (SCS) has been shown to provide substantial pain relief for PDN,3 and here we report the associated benefits for multiple aspects of HRQoL. Methods: This prospective, multicenter, RCT evaluated 10 kHz SCS with these key inclusion criteria: PDN symptoms ≥12 months (12M) refractory to medications, lower limb pain intensity ≥5cm (0‐10cm visual analog scale), and hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) ≤10%. Patients (n=216) were randomized 1:1 to 10 kHz SCS plus CMM or CMM alone, with optional crossover at 6M. Results: CMM alone resulted in a non‐significant increase of 7% in lower limb pain at 6M. Accordingly, after 6M, 93% of eligible CMM patients crossed over to 10 kHz SCS, while zero 10 kHz SCS patients crossed over to CMM. At 12M, treatment with 10 kHz SCS provided an average pain relief of 74.3% (p<0.001 vs. baseline). HRQoL was assessed via the EuroQol 5‐dimensional questionnaire (EQ‐5D‐5L) (Fig. 1). For the original 10 kHz SCS arm, the EQ‐5D‐5L index significantly improved by 0.124 at 6M and 0.136 at 12M from baseline. Importantly, at 12M, 74% of patients experienced an improvement in EQ‐5D‐5L that was at least the minimal clinically important difference for diabetes patients.5 In contrast, with CMM alone, the EQ‐5D‐5L index decreased by 0.026 at 6M. However, after crossing over to 10 kHz SCS, these patients experienced a significant improvement in EQ‐5D‐5L of 0.130 at the 12M time point. Clinicians rated patients’ social, occupational, and psychological functioning via the Global Assessment of Functioning (GAF$$$ maximum score = 100$$$ Fig. 2). Results for GAF were consistent with EQ‐5D‐5L. At 12M, 10 kHz SCS significantly improved GAF by 20.7 (original 10 kHz SCS arm) and 16.9 (CMM‐to‐SCS crossovers) points. For patients who received 10 kHz SCS, both clinicians and patients reported that most patients were “better” or “a great deal better” compared to baseline as assessed via the Global Impression of Change at 12M (Fig. 3). Conclusion: In addition to significant pain relief, 10 kHz SCS provided significant improvements in multiple metrics of HRQoL. The comprehensive benefits provided by 10 kHz SCS were durable over 12M and support 10 kHz SCS for patients with refractory PDN. Disclosure: ERIKA PETERSEN, MD: Nevro: Consulting Fee: Self, Medtronic Neuromodulation: Consulting Fee: Self, Neuros Medical: Consulting Fee: Self, Nevro: Contracted Research: Self, Neuros Medical: Contracted Research: Self, ReNeuron: Contracted Research: Self, Medtronic Neuromodulation: Contracted Research: Self, SynerFuse: Ownership Interest ‐ Future Stock Options: Self, Abbott Neuromodulation: Consulting Fee: Self, Saluda: Contracted Research:, Vertos: Consulting Fee:, neuro.42: Ownership Interest: Own Stock, Stock Options, Future Stock Options:, Presidio Medical: Consulting Fee:, Nalu: Consulting Fee:, Nalu: Contracted Research:, Saluda: Consulting Fee:, Thomas Stauss, MD: None, James Scowcroft, MD: Nevro: Contracted Research:, Saluda: Contracted Research:, Boston Scientific: Contracted Research:, Saluda: Contracted Research:, Medtronic: Contracted Research:, Nevro: Contracted Research:, Saluda: Contracted Research:, Boston Scientific: Contracted Research:, Michael Jaasma, PHD: Nevro Corp: Employee:, Judith White, MD: NEVRO: Contracted Research:, Lilly: Consulting Fee:, Lilly: Contracted Research:, Merck: Contracted Research:, Janssen: Contracted Research:, Moderna: Contracted Research:, Astellas: Contracted Research:, Regeneron: Contracted Research:, Pfizer: Contracted Research:, Sanofi: Contracted Research:, Hanmi: Contracted Research:, Samumed: Contracted Research:, NGM: Contracted Research:, Glaxo‐Smith ‐Kline: Contracted Research:, Arcturus: Contracted Research:, Roche/Genetech: Contracted Research:, Shanghai Green Valley: Contracted Research:, Alzheon: Contracted Research:, UCB: Contracted Research:, Biogen: Contracted Research:, Eisai: Contracted Research:, Madrigal: Contracted Research:, Shawn Sills, MD: Nevro: Contracted Research:, Kasra Amirdelfan, MD: Nevro: Contracted Research:, Medtronic: Contracted Research:, Boston Scientific: Contracted Research:, Biotronik: Contracted Research:, Nalu: Contracted Research:, Saluda: Contracted Research:, Presidio: Consulting Fee:, Nevro: Contracted Research:, Boston Scientific: Contracted Research:, Saluda: Contracted Research:, Nalu: Ownership Interest: Own Stock, Stock Options, Future Stock Options:, Biotronik: Contracted Research:, Presidio: Ownership Interest: Own Stock, Stock Options, Future Stock Options:, Maged Guirguis, MD: Nevro: Consulting Fee: Self, Avanos: Consulting Fee: Self, ABBOTT: Contracted Research:, NEVRO: Contracted Research:, Boston scientific: Consulting Fee:, avanos: Contracted Research:, Saluda: Contracted Research:, Nalu: Contracted Research:, neurous: Contracted Research:, SALUDA: Consulting Fee:, Jijun Xu, MD, PhD: None, Cong Yu, MD: Nevro: Contracted Research: Self, Ali Nairizi, MD: None, Denis Patterson: Abbott Medical: Contracted Research: Self, Allergan Neurosciences: Speakers Bureau: Self, Amgen Pharmaceuticals: Speakers Bureau: Self, Nevro: Contracted Research: Self, CornerLoc: Consulting Fee: Self, Vertos Medical: Speakers Bureau: Self, AIS Healthcare: Consulting Fee: Self, Flowonix: Consulting Fee: Self, Saluda Medical: Consulting Fee: Self, CornerLoc: Ownership Interest:, Lundbeck Pharmaceutical: Speakers Bureau:, Vivex: Consulting Fee:, Abbvie: Consulting Fee:, Aurora Spine: Contracted Research:, Pajunk Medical: Consulting Fee:, Vincent Galan, MBA,MD: None, Richard Bundschu, MD: None, Neel Mehta, MD: Nevro: Contracted Research: Self, Nevro: Consulting Fee: Self, Dawood Sayed, MD: Nevro: Consulting Fee:, Abbott: Consulting Fee:, Medtronic: Consulting Fee:, SPR: Consulting Fee:, Vertos: Consulting Fee:, PainTEQ: Consulting Fee:, Vertos: Contracted Research:, Saluda: Consulting Fee:, Shivanand Lad, MD, PhD: None, David DiBenedetto, MD: Satsuma: Contracted Research:, Eli Lilly: Contracted Research:, Biohaven: Contracted Research:, Teva: Contracted Research:, SPR: Contracted Research:, Michael Creamer, DO: None, Paul Wu, MD: None, Charles Argoff, MD: BDSI: Consulting Fee: Self, Collegium: Consulting Fee: Self, Novartis: Consulting Fee: Self, Tercera: Consulting Fee: Self, Pfizer: Consulting Fee: Self, Allergan: Speakers Bureau: Self, Amgen: Speakers Bureau: Self, elsevier: Royalty: Self, Flowonix: Consulting Fee: Self, Nevro: Consulting Fee: Self, Vertex: Contracted Research: Self, Lilly: Speakers Bureau: Self, Teva: Consulting Fee: Self, Teva: Speakers Bureau: Self, Lilly: Consulting Fee: Self, Ter sera: Speakers Bureau: Self, Christian Nasr, MD: Nevro, INC: Consulting Fee:, Siemens Healthineers: Consulting Fee:, Rod Taylor, MSc, PhD: Nevro: Consulting Fee: Self, Saluda: Consulting Fee: Self, Medtronic: Consulting Fee: Self, David Caraway, MD, PhD: Nevro: Salary/Employee: Self, Nagy Mekhail, MD: Saluda Medical, Abbott, Nevro Inc, Vivex, Sollis,: Consulting Fee:, Mesoblast, Neuros,: Contracted Research:, Relievant MedSystems: Consulting Fee:, sollis: Consulting Fee:
The effect of muesli or cornflakes at breakfast on carbohydrate metabolism in type 2 diabetic patients$$$ Fourteen overweight insulin‐treated type 2 diabetic patients ate a breakfast, consisting of either muesli (slow release starch: SRS) or cornflakes (fast release starch: FRS), in either case with milk (46 g carbohydrate), during two consecutive randomized crossover periods of two weeks. The rest of the diet remained unchanged. At the end of each period the patients underwent a glucose tolerance test after an overnight fast without their usual evening insulin injection. Both mean plasma glucose responses curves were identical after the two dietary periods, but plasma insulin was significantly lower at zero (‐17%, P less than 0.05) and 2 h (‐21%, P less than 0.05) at the end of the muesli (SRS) period as compared to the cornflakes (FRS) period. The mean day‐long plasma glucose level (four measurements) at the end of the muesli period was 21% (P = 0.023) lower than after the cornflakes period. These results show that switching, at breakfast only, from standard cereals to slow release starch cereals improves the carbohydrate metabolism of diabetic patients. In addition, the fact that diabetic patients could reduce their insulin requirement (P less than 0.05) with concomitant reduction of their daily blood glucose level implies that sensitivity to insulin was improved by slow release starct foods consumed at breakfast.
Effect of dietary supplementation with a new nutraceutical formulation on cardiometabolic risk factors: a double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized clinical study$$$ INTRODUCTION: The scientific community and consumers are increasingly interested in the potential cholesterol‐lowering effect of various nutraceuticals and their combinations. The aim of our study was to test the short‐term effect of a new lipid‐lowering nutraceutical formulation in mildly hypercholesterolemic patients. MATERIAL AND METHODS: We consecutively enrolled 80 mildly hypercholesterolemic patients with low‐density lipoprotein‐cholesterol (LDL‐C) between 130 and 190 mg/dl with a low‐estimated cardiovascular disease risk. After a 8 week‐stabilization diet, the enrolled subjects were randomized to take 1 pill/evening of Zeta Colest (including: 400 mg of Berberis aristata dry extract with 340 mg of berberine, 98 mg of red yeast rice extract with 2.9 mg of total monacolins, 87.5 mg of milk thistle dry extract with 70 mg of silymarin, 50 mg of guggul dry extract with 1.3 mg of guggulsterones) or placebo for 8 weeks. Patients were followed up for metabolic and haemodynamic parameters. RESULTS: After 8 week‐supplementation with the tested combined nutraceuticals, we observed a significant reduction in total cholesterol (‐15.2 ±1.4%), LDL‐C (‐18.1 ±1.9%), non‐high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (‐17.7 ±1.8%), apoB (‐16.9 ±1.9%) and high‐sensitivity C‐reactive protein (‐3.7 ±0.7%), versus both baseline (p < 0.05) and the control group (p < 0.05). No other metabolic or liver parameters significantly changed during the observation period. Endothelial reactivity also mildly but significantly improved by 2.96 ±0.23% with the tested product. CONCLUSIONS: In the short term, the tested combined nutraceutical improved lipid metabolism, systemic inflammation and vascular function in mildly hypercholesterolemic overweight subjects.
Effects of probiotic yogurt on fat distribution and gene expression of proinflammatory factors in peripheral blood mononuclear cells in overweight and obese people with or without weight-loss diet$$$ OBJECTIVES: The purpose of this study was to investigate whether probiotics had an effect on proinflammatory markers and cytokines in overweight and obese individuals and whether they could have synergistic effects with weight‐loss diets. METHODS: A total of 75 healthy overweight and obese individuals completed this randomized doubled‐blind controlled clinical trial. Participants were randomly assigned to groups consuming regular yogurt with a low‐calorie diet (LCD, RLCD$$$ n = 25) or receiving probiotic yogurt with LCD (PLCD$$$ n = 25) or consuming probiotic yogurt without LCD (PWLCD$$$ n = 25) for 8 weeks. The pribiotic regimen contained 200 g/day yogurt, enriched by Lactobacillus acidophilus La5, Bifidobacterium BB12, and Lactobacillus casei DN001 10(8) colony‐forming units/g. Body fat percentage, high‐sensitive C‐reactive protein (hs‐CRP), tumor necrosis factor‐alpha (TNF‐α), leptin, and mRNA levels of inflammation‐related genes (TNF‐α and RAR‐related orphan receptor gamma [ROR‐γt]) in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) were measured. RESULTS: A reduction in body mass index (BMI), fat percentage, and leptin level was observed that was more obvious in groups who received the weight‐loss diet with probiotic yogurt. Reduction in the gene expression of ROR‐γt was significant in the PLCD group (p < 0.001). The expression of TNF‐α did not change among all groups after intervention. The mean concentration of leptin was significantly decreased in all groups after the dietary intervention, but the mean changes in leptin level in the PLCD group was more prominent compared to the other two groups (‐2.38, p < 0.001 [PLCD] vs ‐1.75, p = 0.002 [RLCD] and ‐0.55 ng/mL, p = 0.12 [PWLCD]). The reduction in serum levels of hs‐CRP was more evident in the PWLCD group compared to the PLCD and RLCD groups after the 8‐week intervention (‐3.4, p = 0.03 vs ‐1.76, p < 0.001 and ‐2.98 pg/mL, p < 0.001, respectively). CONCLUSION: Our results suggested that the weight‐loss diet and probiotic yogurt had synergistic effects on T‐cells subset specific gene expression in PBMCs, fat percentage, and body weight among overweight and obese individuals.
Effects of Probiotic Yogurt on Fat Distribution and Gene Expression of Proinflammatory Factors in Peripheral Blood Mononuclear Cells in Overweight and Obese People with or without Weight-Loss Diet$$$ Objectives: The purpose of this study was to investigate whether probiotics had an effect on proinflammatory markers and cytokines in overweight and obese individuals and whether they could have synergistic effects with weight‐loss diets.Methods: A total of 75 healthy overweight and obese individuals completed this randomized doubled‐blind controlled clinical trial. Participants were randomly assigned to groups consuming regular yogurt with a low‐calorie diet (LCD, RLCD$$$ n = 25) or receiving probiotic yogurt with LCD (PLCD$$$ n = 25) or consuming probiotic yogurt without LCD (PWLCD$$$ n = 25) for 8 weeks. The pribiotic regimen contained 200 g/day yogurt, enriched by Lactobacillus acidophilus La5, Bifidobacterium BB12, and Lactobacillus casei DN001 108 colony‐forming units/g. Body fat percentage, high‐sensitive C‐reactive protein (hs‐CRP), tumor necrosis factor‐alpha (TNF‐α), leptin, and mRNA levels of inflammation‐related genes (TNF‐α and RAR‐related orphan receptor gamma [ROR‐γt]) in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) were measured.Results: A reduction in body mass index (BMI), fat percentage, and leptin level was observed that was more obvious in groups who received the weight‐loss diet with probiotic yogurt. Reduction in the gene expression of ROR‐γt was significant in the PLCD group (p < 0.001). The expression of TNF‐α did not change among all groups after intervention. The mean concentration of leptin was significantly decreased in all groups after the dietary intervention, but the mean changes in leptin level in the PLCD group was more prominent compared to the other two groups (−2.38, p < 0.001 [PLCD] vs −1.75, p = 0.002 [RLCD] and −0.55 ng/mL, p = 0.12 [PWLCD]). The reduction in serum levels of hs‐CRP was more evident in the PWLCD group compared to the PLCD and RLCD groups after the 8‐week intervention (−3.4, p = 0.03 vs −1.76, p < 0.001 and −2.98 pg/mL, p < 0.001, respectively).Conclusion: Our results suggested that the weight‐loss diet and probiotic yogurt had synergistic effects on T‐cells subset specific gene expression in PBMCs, fat percentage, and body weight among overweight and obese individuals.
Anti-obesity effect of lactoferrin$$$ subgroup analysis excluding subjects with obese and/or hyper-LDL cholesterolemia$$$ Background: Lactoferrin is a multifunctional protein found in breast milk. We previously reported the anti‐obesity effects of enteric‐coated lactoferrin (eLF). Objective: As the previous study included some subjects with high Body Mass Index (BMI) or low‐Density Lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL‐Cho), we investigated the anti‐obesity effect of lactoferrin excluding those subjects. Method: We conducted a subgroup analysis of a previous report excluding subjects with BMI ≥ 30 and/or hyper‐LDL cholesterolemia. Results: Of the total 26 subjects in the previous study, 7 in the eLF group and 6 in the placebo group match the above criteria. The subgroup analysis revealed a significant decrease in visceral fat in the eLF group at week 8 compared with that at week 0 (‐10.2 cm2, P < 0.01)$$$ no differences were observed in the placebo group. The mean visceral fat was also lower in the eLF group at week 8 compared with the placebo group (‐16.2 cm2, P < 0.01). A significant decrease in BMI was observed in the eLF group at week 8 (‐0.38 kg/m2, P < 0.05) compared with that at week 0. No differences were observed in the placebo group. The mean BMI was also lower in the eLF group at week 8 compared with that in the placebo group (‐0.60 kg/m2, P < 0.05). Conclusion: eLF reduced visceral fat and BMI excluding subjects with obese and/or hyper‐LDL cholesterolemia.
Lifestyle behaviors and socio-demographic factors associated with overweight or obesity among saudi females attending fitness centers$$$ Objective: To examine the associations of overweight or obesity with several lifestyle and socio‐demographic factors among Saudi women attending fitness centers in Riyadh. Methods: Saudi females (n = 460) aged 16 years and older were recruited from 12 randomly selected fitness centers in Riyadh, using a stratified clustered sampling technique. Bodyweight and height were measured. Lifestyle behaviors were assessed using a previously validated instrument, and included physical activity, sedentary behaviors, sleep, and dietary habits. Results: Over 62% of the participants were either overweight or obese. Mean BMI values for females younger than age 30 years (26.4 ± 5.3) were significantly lower than those 30 years of age or older (29.2±5.6, p >0.001). There was a significant correlation (r = 0.450, p <0.001) between BMI levels and the participant’s reason to engage in exercise for weight loss. Females who were overweight/obese are significantly older, married, have more children, have a lower educational degree, earn less income, have higher numbers of obese in the family, and had attempted to lose weight more frequently than non‐overweight/non‐obese females. No significant differences were detected between females who were overweight/obese and those who were not overweight/obese in the majority of the lifestyle‐related variables, except that females who were not overweight or obese showed lower weekly consumption of milk and dairy products (p =0.029) and higher intakes of fast foods per week (p =0.049). Conclusion: Weight loss attempts, age, number of obese in the family, and females’ education level emerged as the most important contributory factors to obesity status, explaining nearly 23% of the common variances. A better understanding of the relationships between obesity and lifestyle behaviors is necessary for effective prevention and management of obesity in Saudi females.
Imiquimod: new indication. Basal cell carcinoma: inferior to other treatments$$$ (1) Basal cell carcinoma is a common malignancy that is rarely life‐threatening. The aim of treatment is to remove the tumour and prevent local recurrences. Surgical excision is the standard treatment, with a mean relapse rate of about 5% at 5 years. The main alternative is radiotherapy. (2) The Indications section of the Summary of Product Characteristics (SPC) for imiquimod cream in Europe now includes "topical treatment of small superficial basal cell carcinomas in adults". (3) Imiquimod cream was primarily evaluated in 2 double‐blind randomised controlled trials versus excipient, in a total of 724 patients. In these trials, small basal cell tumours (maximum 2 cm in diameter) disappeared in three‐quarters of patients after imiquimod application 5 or 7 days a week for six weeks. (4) A non comparative trial involving 143 patients showed a relapse rate of 21% at 2 years. Indirect comparisons show that this is a much higher relapse rate than after other well‐assessed treatments for basal cell cancer. (5) During clinical trials, nearly one‐third of patients who used imiquimod 5 times a week complained of pruritus, a burning sensation, or local pain. Nearly one‐half of patients experienced these problems with daily use. (6) Imiquimod cream is relatively inconvenient to use: it has to be applied in the evening$$$ residual cream must be removed the following morning$$$ and baths, showers and direct sunlight must be avoided during treatment.
Effects of 5 or 10 gram of the protein hydrolysate InsuVital* on serum insulin and glucose levels in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and the influence of varying carbohydrate loads$$$ INTERVENTION: Part I: The treatments will consist of a drink that will be freshly prepared prior to use. The drink will be administered as a single oral bolus (300 mL) containing 50 g of carbohydrate (50% glucose and 50% maltodextrin) with 0, 5, or 10 g InsuVital*. Part II: Patients will receive a freshly prepared drink containing 25 or 50 g of carbohydrate (50% glucose and 50% maltodextrin) with 10 g InsuVital*or 50 g without InsuVital* as a negative control. Drinks will be flavored by adding 0.2 g sodium saccharinate, 1.8 g citric acid, and 5 g cream vanilla flavor (Quest International) per liter of beverage. CONDITION: $$$ diabetes mellitus type 2 10018424 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Serum concentrations and AUC of glucose and insulin.$$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: na $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: • Males or females, 18‐70 years old. • Fasting glucose level > 7 mmol/L after 2 days refraining from medication. • Are on stable medication with biguanides for at least 3 months. • Prepared and able to give written informed consent$$$
Effect of bovine colostrum on anaerobic exercise performance and plasma insulin-like growth factor I$$$ In this study, we examined the effects of bovine colostrum on peak vertical jump power (VJpeak), peak cycle power (CPpeak), alactic anaerobic work capacity, resistance exercise one‐repetition maxima (1‐RM) and plasma insulin‐like growth factor I (IGF‐I) concentrations. Using a randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, parallel design, 51 males completed 8 weeks of resistance and plyometric training while consuming 60 g x day(‐1) of bovine colostrum (n = 26) or concentrated whey protein powder (n = 25). Peak vertical jump power, peak cycle power, alactic anaerobic work capacity, 1‐RM and plasma IGF‐I were not different between groups at baseline (P > 0.33). Peak vertical jump power and peak cycle power were still not significantly different between groups by week 4 (VJpeak: bovine colostrum, 7231 +/‐ 488 W$$$ whey protein, 7214 +/‐ 530 W$$$ P = 0.99$$$ CPpeak: bovine colostrum, 1272 +/‐ 202 W$$$ whey protein, 1232 +/‐ 208 W$$$ P = 0.99). By week 8, however, peak vertical jump power (bovine colostrum, 7370 +/‐ 503 W$$$ whey powder, 7237 +/‐ 481 W$$$ 95% confidence intervals, 54 to 170 W$$$ P < 0.01) and peak cycle power (bovine colostrum, 1400 +/‐ 215 W$$$ whey protein, 1311 +/‐ 192 W$$$ 95% confidence intervals, 20 to 61 W$$$ P < 0.01) were significantly higher in the bovine colostrum condition. Alactic anaerobic work capacity and 1‐RM increased (P < 0.001), but the increases were not different between groups (P > 0.08). Plasma IGF‐I did not change in either group (P = 0.55). We conclude that bovine colostrum supplementation during training significantly increased peak anaerobic power, but had no effect on alactic anaerobic work capacity, 1‐RM or plasma IGF‐I.
A randomized trial evaluating the effects of change in dairy food consumption on cardio-metabolic risk factors$$$ BACKGROUND: It is currently not known whether dairy food influences the risk of cardiovascular disease or diabetes. This study evaluates effects of changing dairy intake on cardio‐metabolic risk factors. METHODS: 180 healthy volunteers were randomised to increase, reduce or not change their dairy intake for 1 month in response to dietary advice. Body weight, waist circumference, blood pressure, fasting plasma lipids, insulin resistance and C‐reactive protein (CRP) were measured at baseline and after 1 month and compared by dietary group. RESULTS: 176 (98%) subjects completed the study. Average change in self‐reported dairy fat intake for increased dairy food was +0.9 SD 1.1 g/day (+71%), no change was ‐2.1 SD 0.4 g/day (‐15%) and decreased dairy food was ‐10.8 SD 1.2 g/day (‐77%) respectively. There was no statistically significant change in LDL or HDL cholesterol, triglycerides, systolic or diastolic blood pressure, C‐reactive protein, glucose or insulin with 95% CI standard mean differences <0.2 for all and CRP <0.3. There was a small increase in weight (+0.4 kg, SD 3.1) in those asked to increase dairy food. CONCLUSIONS: In healthy volunteers, dietary advice to change dairy intake for 1 month did not have a clinically significant effect on cardio‐metabolic risk factors. These observations suggest that dairy food can be included as part of a normal healthy diet without increasing cardio‐metabolic risk. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: ACTRN12612000574842.
Consumption of decaffeinated coffee with milk and sugar added before a high-glycemic-index meal lowers postprandial glucose surge when compared with consuming it after the meal$$$ This study aimed to compare the effect of consuming decaffeinated coffee at different times around a high glycemic index (GI) meal on postprandial glycemic responses. Ten healthy adults completed this randomized, crossover trial. In each session, overnight‐fasted participants consumed the test drink, which was a cup of decaffeinated coffee with low‐fat milk and white sugar added, at different timepoints before or after a high GI meal. Postprandial levels of glucose, insulin, and nitrotyrosine at individual timepoints, as well as the area‐under‐curves (AUC), were compared among the treatments using mixed‐effect linear model. Results showed that consuming the test drink 30 and 60 min before the high GI meal (glucose AUC ± SE: 862.6 ± 24.8 and 861.4 ± 24.8 mmol * 120 min/L, respectively) led to significantly reduced glycemic responses when compared with consuming it after the meal (952.7 ± 24.8 mmol * 120 min/L, p < 0.05 compared with either treatment). Drinking the test drink at least 30 min before the meal also led to smaller insulinemic responses, while nitrotyrosine levels were not significantly different between different consumption times. These showed that consuming decaffeinated coffee with milk and sugar added at least 30 min before a meal could benefit postprandial glycemic control.
The healthy food marketing strategies study: design, baseline characteristics, and supermarket compliance$$$ Identifying effective strategies to promote healthy eating and reduce obesity is a priority in the USA, especially among low‐income and minority groups, who often have less access to healthy food and higher rates of obesity. Efforts to improve food access have led to more supermarkets in low‐income, ethnically diverse neighborhoods. However, this alone may not be enough to reduce food insecurity and improve residents' diet quality and health. This paper summarizes the design, methods, baseline findings, and supermarket in‐store marketing strategy compliance for a randomized trial of the impact of healthy food marketing on the purchase of healthier "target"food items. Thirty‐Three supermarkets in low‐income, high‐minority neighborhoods in the metropolitan Philadelphia area were matched on store size and percentage of sales from government food assistance programs and randomly assigned to the intervention or control group. Healthy marketing strategies, including increased availability of healthier "target"products, prime shelf‐placement and call‐out promotion signs, and reduced availability of regular "comparison"products, were implemented in 16 intervention stores for an 18 month period for over 100 individual food items. Six product categories were studied: bread, checkout cooler beverages, cheese, frozen dinners, milk, and salty snacks. The primary outcome measure was weekly sales per store in each product category for 1 year preintervention and 18 months during the intervention. Compliance with the marketing strategies was assessed twice per month for the first 6 months and once a month thereafter. Store and neighborhood characteristics were not significantly different between control and intervention stores. Intercept surveys with customers to assess shopping habits and grocery marketing environment assessments to examine the food promotion environment were completed in the same six food categories. In intercept surveys, 51.0% of shoppers self‐identified as overweight and 60.6% wanted to change their weight. Shoppers who typically purchased one type of food over another commonly did so out of habit or because the item was on sale. Findings revealed that preintervention sales of healthier "target"or regular "comparison"items did not differ between intervention and control stores for 1 year prior to intervention implementation. Rates of compliance with the healthy marketing strategies were high, averaging 76.5% over the first 12 months in all 16 stores. If healthy in‐store marketing interventions are effective in this scaled‐up, longer‐Term study, they should be translated into wider use in community supermarkets.
Effect of hydrogenated and saturated, relative to polyunsaturated, fat on immune and inflammatory responses of adults with moderate hypercholesterolemia$$$ Consumption of diets high in hydrogenated fat/trans fatty acids has been shown to have an adverse affect on lipoprotein profiles with respect to cardiovascular disease risk. Dietary fat and cholesterol play an important role in the regulation of immune and inflammatory responses shown to be involved in atherogenesis. We investigated the effects of diets containing hydrogenated fat on cellular immune response and production of inflammatory cytokines in human subjects with moderately elevated cholesterol levels (LDL cholesterol >130 mg/dl). In a double blind cross‐over study, 19 subjects consumed three diets, 30% of calories as fat, of which two thirds were provided as soybean oil, soybean oil‐based stick margarine, or butter for 32 days, each in a randomized order. Production of proinflammatory mediators, prostaglandin (PG)E(2), interleukin (IL)‐1beta, IL‐6, and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF‐alpha)$$$ delayed type hypersensitivity (DTH) response, in vitro lymphocyte proliferation, and production of IL‐2 were determined. Production of IL‐6 and TNF‐alpha was significantly higher after consumption of stick margarine diet compared with soybean oil diet. IL‐1beta and TNF‐alpha production correlated positively with ratios of total cholesterol to HDL cholesterol (r = 0.499, P < 0.001 and r = 0.291, P = 0.04, respectively). There was no significant difference in DTH response, lymphocyte proliferation, or levels of IL‐2 and PGE(2) produced among three groups. Our results indicate that consumption of a diet high in hydrogenated fat does not adversely affect cellular immunity but increases production of inflammatory cytokines that have been associated with the pathophysiology of atherosclerosis.
Selection of dilution material for non-iodinated iodine as an oral contrast agent for esophageal cancer: a preliminary clinical trial$$$ Purpose: To investigate the filling state of the esophagus using different oral contrast agents for the diagnosis of esophageal cancer by computed tomography (CT). Materials and methods: This preliminary clinical trial enrolled patients with suspected esophageal carcinoma and admitted from January 2015 to January 2018. The patients were randomized into the yogurt (mixed with ioversol), lotus root powder (mixed with ioversol), gas‐producing powder, and control (pure iodine water) groups. Chest CT examinations were performed. The degree of esophageal filling and the detection of esophageal lesions were compared. Results: Finally, 136 participants were enrolled (n = 34/group). There were no significant differences in esophageal filling degree among the yogurt, lotus root powder, and gas‐producing powder groups (P = 0.093). There were 30/3/1 and 30/3/1 confirmed/false‐negative/false‐positive diagnoses in the yogurt and lotus powder groups, respectively, compared with 28/5/1 and 25/8/1 in the gas‐producing powder and control groups, respectively. The concordance rates were the highest for the yogurt (88.2%, with 91.7% specificity and 86.4% sensitivity) and lotus root powder groups (88.2%, with 92.3% specificity and 85.7% sensitivity) and the lowest for the control group (73.5%, with 90.0% specificity and 66.7% sensitivity). Conclusion: Yogurt mixed with ioversol could fill and expand the esophagus with minimal preparation, displaying the structure of the esophageal lumen and wall thickness. This mixture might be used as a positive contrast agent for esophageal CT. Similar results were observed for the lotus root powder mixed with ioversol, but its preparation was more arduous.
Influence of Food With Different Fat Concentrations on Alectinib Exposure: A Randomized Crossover Pharmacokinetic Trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Alectinib is the keystone treatment in advanced anaplastic lymphoma kinase‐positive (ALK+) non‐small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). An exposure‐response threshold of 435 ng/mL has recently been established, albeit 37% of patients do not reach this threshold. Alectinib is orally administered, and absorption is largely influenced by food. Hence, further investigation into this relationship is needed to optimize its bioavailability. PATIENTS AND METHODS: In this randomized 3‐period crossover clinical study in ALK+ NSCLC, alectinib exposure was compared among patients with different diets. Every 7 days, the first alectinib dose was taken with either a continental breakfast, 250‐g of low‐fat yogurt, or a self‐chosen lunch, and the second dose was taken with a self‐chosen dinner. Sampling for alectinib exposure (Ctrough) was performed at day 8, just prior to alectinib intake, and the relative difference in Ctrough was compared. RESULTS: In 20 evaluable patients, the mean Ctrough was 14% (95% CI, ‐23% to ‐5%$$$ P=.009) and 20% (95% CI, ‐25% to ‐14%$$$ P<.001) lower when taken with low‐fat yogurt compared with a continental breakfast and a self‐chosen lunch, respectively. Administration with a self‐chosen lunch did not change exposure compared with a continental breakfast (+7%$$$ 95% CI, ‐2% to +17%$$$ P=.243). In the low‐fat yogurt period, 35% of patients did not reach the threshold versus 5% with the other meals (P<.01). CONCLUSIONS: Patients and physicians should be warned for a detrimental food‐drug interaction when alectinib is taken with low‐fat yogurt, because it results in a clinically relevant lower alectinib exposure. Intake with a self‐chosen lunch did not change drug exposure and could be a safe and patient‐friendly alternative.
Clinical and pharmacokinetic study evaluating the effect of food on the disposition of 9-nitrocamptothecin and its 9-aminocamptothecin metabolite in patients with solid tumors$$$ BACKGROUND: 9‐Nitrocamptothecin (9NC) is an orally administered camptothecin analogue that has completed phase III trials for pancreatic cancer. In biological matrices, camptothecin analogues exist in equilibrium between the active‐lactone (LAC) and inactive‐hydroxy acid (HA) forms. 9NC has been administered on an empty stomach$$$ however, it is unclear if food alters the absorption and disposition of 9NC and its 9‐aminocamptothecin (9AC) active‐metabolite. Thus, we evaluated the disposition of 9NC and 9AC after administration of 9NC under fasting conditions and after a standard meal. METHODS: Patients were randomized to receive 9NC as a single oral dose at 1.5 mg/m(2) with 8 ounces (oz) of an acidic beverage under fasting conditions, or after a meal consisting of two eggs, 8 oz of orange juice, buttered toast, 8 oz of milk, and 4 oz of hash brown potatoes. Following a 72 h washout period, 9NC was administered with the alternative condition (i.e., with food or fasting). 9NC was then continued for 5 days of every week. Serial blood samples were obtained prior to and from 0.25 to 24 h after administration of 9NC. The total (sum of LAC + HA) of 9NC and 9AC were measured by an LC‐MS/MS assay. Area under the plasma concentration versus time curve (AUC) for 9NC and 9AC total were calculated. After the pharmacokinetic section of the study, patients received 9NC 1.5 mg/m(2) orally under fasting conditions daily for 5 days per week for 8 weeks. RESULTS: Sixteen patients with median (range) age 62 (47‐83) years, diagnoses of colorectal (six patients), lung (two patients), and other (eight patients) malignancies, received 83 [median (range) 4 (2‐9)] weeks of therapy. Patients with toxicities greater than grade 2: were diarrhea (1), nausea (2), vomiting (2), fatigue (2), anemia (3), neutropenia (3), and febrile neutropenia (2). Three patients (lung, unknown primary, and colon) had stable disease for eight weeks. The mean+/‐SD of 9NC AUC(food) and 9NC AUC(fast) (n=9) were 330+/‐182 and 558+/‐379 ng/ml.h, respectively (P<0.05). The mean+/‐SD of 9AC AUC(food) and 9AC AUC(fast) (n=9) were 244+/‐60 and 256+/‐101 ng/ml.h, respectively (P>0.05). The mean +/‐ SD ratio of 9NC AUC(food) to AUC(fasting) in individual patients (n=9) was 0.67+/‐0.22. The mean +/‐ SD ratio of 9AC AUC(food) to AUC(fasting) in individual patients (n=9) was 1.14+/‐0.61. CONCLUSIONS: Co‐administration of 9NC with food reduces the oral absorption of 9NC$$$ however, there was no difference in the exposure of 9AC. The is high interpatient variability in the effect of food on the absorption of 9NC and the interpatient variability in the effect of food on the disposition of 9AC is even greater when compared to 9NC.
Milk protein concentrate supplementation improved appetite, metabolic parameters, adipocytokines, and body composition in dieting women with obesity: a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Dairy consumption is associated with many health benefits. However, to our knowledge, no clinical trials examined the effects of milk protein concentrate (MPC) on metabolic health in overweight and obese adults. This study investigated the effect of supplementation with MPC on glycaemic status, lipid profile, biomarkers of inflammation, and anthropometric measurements in women with obesity under a weight loss diet. METHODS: This is a single‐blind, open‐labelled, parallel‐group, randomized trial. Forty‐four healthy women with obesity were randomized into a control (n = 22) or MPC (n = 22) group. Participants in the MPC group were supplemented with 30 g of MPC per day for 8 weeks. Both groups were on a calorie‐restricted diet plan with 800 Kcal lower intakes than their needs. Blood samples, dietary intake, and body composition were assessed before and after the intervention. RESULTS: MPC group had a significantly lower body mass index (P = 0.009), waist circumference (P = 0.013), fat mass (P = 0.021), appetite score (P = 0.002), fasting blood sugar (P < 0.001), insulin (P = 0.027), low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (P = 0.025), and leptin (P = 0.014) levels and higher high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (P = 0.001) and adiponectin (P = 0.032) compared to the control group after supplementation. Lean body mass, total cholesterol, and triglyceride did not differ significantly (P > 0.05). CONCLUSION: Daily intake of 30 g of MPC for 8 weeks may improve several anthropometric and metabolic markers in women with obesity under a hypocaloric diet.
Eating behavior modulates the sensitivity to the central effects of GLP-1 receptor agonist treatment: a secondary analysis of a randomized trial$$$ Aims: We investigated if individuals with higher emotional eating scores are less sensitive to the effects of a GLP‐1RA on central responses to food cues. Additionally, we investigated the associations of higher external and restraint eating scores with the sensitivity to the central effects of GLP‐1RA. Methods: This secondary analysis of a randomized crossover study in people with obesity and type 2 diabetes, consisted of two periods of 12‐week treatment with liraglutide or insulin glargine. Using functional MRI, we assessed the relation between baseline eating behavior and the effects of the GLP‐1RA liraglutide compared with insulin after 10 days and 12 weeks of treatment on brain responses to food cues. Results: After 10 days, higher emotional eating scores were associated with less pronounced GLP‐1RA induced reductions in brain responses to food pictures in the amygdala, insula and caudate nucleus. In addition, higher emotional eating scores tended to be associated with less pronounced GLP‐1RA increases in brain responses to chocolate milk receipt in the caudate nucleus and insula. After 12 weeks, there were no significant associations between emotional eating scores and liraglutide‐induced changes in brain responses to food cues. After 10 days, baseline external eating scores were associated with less pronounced GLP‐1RA induced reductions in brain responses to food pictures in the insula, amygdala and orbitofrontal cortex. After 12 weeks, baseline restraint eating scores were associated with more GLP‐1RA induced reductions in brain responses to food pictures in the insula and caudate nucleus, and with more GLP‐1RA induced reductions in brain responses to the anticipation of chocolate milk in the caudate nucleus. Conclusions: Our findings indicate that individuals with higher baseline emotional eating scores are less sensitive to the central effect of GLP‐1RA treatment. Additionally, external eating may also decrease, whereas restraint eating may increase the sensitivity to the treatment effects of GLP‐1RAs. These insights may help to optimize treatment strategies for obesity and to select patient groups with better efficacy of GLP‐1RA treatment.
Differences in Environmental Impact and Food Expenditures of Four Different Plant-based Diets and an Omnivorous Diet: results of a Randomized, Controlled Intervention$$$ The New Dietary Interventions to Enhance the Treatments for weight loss (New DIETs) study was a 6‐month weight‐loss intervention in which adults (n = 63) were randomized to follow one of 5 different diets: vegan, vegetarian, pesco‐vegetarian, semi‐vegetarian, and omnivorous. Participants completed 24‐hr dietary recalls and reported food expenditures. The Nitrogen footprint calculator was used to calculate an environmental impact score (N‐footprint) for dietary intake, expressed as kg N/capita/y. Changes in spending on groceries or meals eaten away from home did not differ by diet group at 2 or 6 months (P > 0.05). There was a significant difference in changes in N‐footprint score at both 2 (P < 0.01) and 6 months (P = 0.03) among the 5 groups, with the vegan group having a significantly greater decrease in N‐footprint score (kg N/capita/y) at both two (−16.0 ± 2.8) and six months (−13.1 ± 2.98) than the vegetarian, pesco‐vegetarian, or omnivorous groups (P < 0.05).
Phase I interaction study of Docetaxel and Tolbutamide with supplementation of Milk Thistle$$$ INTERVENTION: ‐ Administration of 135 mg docetaxel and 250 mg tolbutamide on day 1 of cycle 1 and 2. ‐ Administration of 3 times daily 1 milk thistle capsule for 4 days. ‐ 2 times 24 h‐hospital admission with bloodsampling for pharmacokinetics (including 1 blood sample for CYP2C9 genotyping). ‐ 6 times hospital visit for physical examination and bloodsampling for safety and/or pharmacokinetics. CONDITION: 10006291 $$$ cancer $$$ malignant tumors PRIMARY OUTCOME: The most important parameter is the plasma concentration of docetaxel and $$$ tolbutamide and the course of this concentration with time in the presence or $$$ absence of milk thistle. $$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary parameters are toxicities that patients experience from docetaxel in $$$ the presence or absence of milk thistle. $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Patients for whom treatment with docetaxel is considered to be of therapeutic benefit, e.g. advanced breast, gastric, esophagus, bladder, ovarian cancer and non‐small cell lung cancer, head and neck cancer and prostate cancer 2. Histological or cytological proof of cancer 3. Age >= 18 years 4. WHO performance status of 0, 1 or 2 5. Patient is able and willing to give written informed consent 6. Patient is able and willing to swallow and retain oral medication 7. Patient is able and willing to undergo blood sampling for pharmacokinetics 8. Patient is willing to comply to the protocol and to follow dietary restrictions 9. Life expectancy > 3 months allowing adequate follow up of toxicity evaluation and antitumor activity 10. Minimal acceptable safety laboratory values a. ANC of >= 1.5 X10^9 /L b. Platelet count of >= 100 X10^9 /L c. Hepatic function as defined by serum bilirubin <= 1.5 XULN, ALAT and ASAT <= 2.5 XU
A community-based education program for serum cholesterol reduction in urban hypercholesterolemic persons--comparison of intensive and usual education groups$$$ A community‐based education program was conducted for persons found to be hypercholesterolemic by screening during cardiovascular surveys, in an urban population, to evaluate the feasibility and effect of the program in primary prevention of coronary heart disease. The subjects were men and women aged 40‐64 living in the suburbs of Osaka whose serum total cholesterol was between 240 and 299 mg/dl in both the 1988 and the 1989 surveys. Persons with hypothyroidism, those taking medication for hypercholesterolemia or hypertension, and with a history of stroke and coronary heart disease were excluded. Of the 111 persons who were eligible, 104 persons were recruited for the program on March, 1989. The 104 persons were randomly assigned to either an intensive education group (n = 51) or a usual education group (n = 53). For the intensive education group, seven education classes were held from April to November, 1989. Lectures, practice sessions, interviews, and spot cholesterol measurements were conducted in a local community center. The usual education group received a letter with results from the 1989 survey and dietary instruction in April 1989 and an education class in September 1989. Mean serum cholesterol in the intensive education group showed a 10.0 mg/dl greater reduction in September 1989 and a 9.0 mg/dl greater reduction in March 1990 than in the usual education group (p less than 0.05) while mean HDL‐cholesterol did not change in either groups. The intensive education group reported a larger decrease in the dietary frequency of chicken egg, poultry skin and small fishes, foods which are rich in saturated fat and cholesterol. The frequency of fatty meat, butter and fish eggs was low in both groups and did not differ between the two groups after the one‐year program. These results indicate that a population‐based education program is feasible and effective in reducing serum total cholesterol of hypercholesterolemic persons.
The effect of inulin and resistant maltodextrin on weight loss during energy restriction: a randomised, placebo-controlled, double-blinded intervention$$$ PURPOSE: The objective of this study was to investigate the additive effects of combining energy restriction with dietary fibres on change in body weight and gut microbiota composition. METHODS: The study was a 12‐week randomised, placebo‐controlled, double‐blinded, parallel intervention trial. A total of 116 overweight or obese participants were assigned randomly either to 10 g inulin plus 10 g resistant maltodextrin or to 20 g of placebo supplementation through 400 mL of milk a day, while on a ‐ 500 kcal/day energy restricted diet. RESULTS: Altogether, 86 participants completed the intervention. There were no significant differences in weight loss or body composition between the groups. The fibre supplement reduced systolic (5.35 ± 2.4 mmHg, p = 0.043) and diastolic (2.82 ± 1.3 mmHg, p = 0.047) blood pressure to a larger extent than placebo. Furthermore, a larger decrease in serum insulin was observed in the placebo group compared to the fibre group (‐ 26.0 ± 9.2 pmol/L, p = 0.006). The intake of fibre induced changes in the composition of gut microbiota resulting in higher abundances of Parabacteroides and Bifidobacteria, compared to placebo. The effects on blood pressure and glucose metabolism were mainly observed in women, and could be attributed to a higher gut microbiota diversity after intervention. Finally, the fibre group experienced a higher degree of gastrointestinal symptoms, which attenuated over time. CONCLUSIONS: Supplementation of inulin and resistant maltodextrin did not provide an additional weight loss during an energy‐restricted diet, but reduced both systolic and diastolic blood pressure. Furthermore, the fibre supplement did stimulate the growth of potentially beneficial bacteria genera. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRY: The study was registered at http://www.clinicaltrials.gov , NCT03135041.
Lipidemic effects of an interesterified mixture of butter, medium-chain triacylglycerol and safflower oils$$$ The objective of this study was to determine if the positional structure of dietary triacylglycerol affected lipidemic responses. Thirty healthy adults (16 men and 14 postmenopausal women) with low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL‐C) concentrations >3.37 mM (130 mg/dL) enrolled in a prospective, single‐blind, cross‐over outpatient clinical trial that consisted of two 5‐wk dietary phases. After baseline screening, subjects were instructed to follow individualized meal plans (weight maintenance diets with 36% of total energy from fat, half of which was from a test oil) and randomized to receive either butter (B) or an interesterified mixture (IM) of butter, medium‐chain triacylglycerol (MCT), and safflower oils. Blood drawn during weeks 5 and 10 of feeding was analyzed for total cholesterol (TC), high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL‐C),LDL‐C, and triacylglycerols (TAG). Mean plasma levels of TC (B, 6.98+/‐1.06 mM$$$ IM, 7.09+/‐1.20 mM), HDL‐C (B,1.30+/‐0.35 mM$$$ IM, 1.29+/‐0.34 mM), and LDL‐C (B, 4.91+/‐0.95 mM$$$ IM, 4.92+/‐1.10 mM) were not significantly different between the two dietary treatments. Mean TAG levels were higher for the interesterified B‐MCT mixture (B, 1.75+/‐0.72 mM$$$ IM, 1.96+/‐0.86 mM, P < 0.05). We conclude that an IM of B, MCT, and safflower oils as compared to native B has no appreciable effect on plasma cholesterol concentrations but is associated with a modest rise in plasma TAG.
Supplementation of juçara fruit pulp in the alterations in intestinal flora and inflammation in obese individuals$$$ INTERVENTION: 40 individuals selected will be randomized to two supplementation groups: 20 individuals for the group supplemented with 5 g / day of pulp of the fruit of the palm tree obtained from the lyophilization process (group A) and 20 for the placebo group supplemented with 5 g / Day of maltodextrin colored and artificially flavored acai flavor (group B). The supplementation will be carried out in metallic sachets, making it impossible to visualize the contents. On a weekly basis, individuals will attend the University to remove these sachets. Supplementation will occur for 6 weeks. All individuals will be instructed to consume 1 sachet per day in the morning. The contents may be reconstituted in water or incorporated into yogurts, vitamins, soy extract, cereals, among other foods according to the individual's preference. All subjects will be evaluated for anthropometry and body composition, rest energy expenditure, 3‐day food record, blood collection and fecal collection, before and after 6 weeks of supplementation. Dietary supplement SP6.051.227 CONDITION: C18.452.584.500 C18.654.726.500 C19.246.099 E00‐E90 obesity, diabetes, dyslipidemia $$$ C18.654.726.500 $$$ C19.246.099 $$$ C18.452.584.500 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Increase in the number of beneficial bacteria in feces and reduction of serum LPS in individuals supplemented with juçara, evaluated by the RT‐PCR method and colorimetric test, based on the observation of a variation of at least 5% in the pre and post intervention measurements. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Reduction of serum proinflammatory cytokines in subjects supplemented with juçara, evaluated by the ELISA method, based on the observation of a variation of at least 5% in the pre and post intervention measurements. $$$ Reduction of body fat or fat free mass in individuals supplemented with juçara, evaluated by bioimpedance, from the observation of a variation of at least 5% in the pre and post intervention measurements. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Volunteers with obesity grade I and II (BMI between 30.0 and 39.9 kg / m2)$$$ Both genders$$$ Age between 30 and 59 years
Beneficial effects of cocoa on lipid peroxidation and inflammatory markers in type 2 diabetic patients and investigation of probable interactions of cocoa active ingredients with prostaglandin synthase-2 (PTGS-2/COX-2) using virtual analysis$$$ Background and aim: Altered glucose metabolism, oxidative stress, lipid levels and inflammatory markers are important risk factors in diabetes, cardiovascular, and many other diseases. Cocoa has been shown to exert antioxidant and anti‐inflammatory effects. The aim of this study is twofold: to assess the effect of Cocoa on the lipid profile and peroxidation in addition to the inflammatory markers in type 2 diabetic patients, and to represent a virtual model of probable action mechanism of observed clinical effects of Cocoa consumption using in silico analysis and bioinformatics data.Methods: One hundred subjects with type 2 diabetes were included in a randomized clinical control trial. Fifty treatment subjects received 10 grams cocoa powder and 10 grams milk powder dissolved in 250 ml of boiling water, and the other fifty control subjects received only 10 grams milk powder dissolved in 250 ml boiling water. Both groups were on the mentioned regimen twice daily for 6 weeks. Blood samples were obtained prior to Cocoa consumption and 6 weeks after intervention. Serum lipids and lipoproteins profile, malondialdehyde and inflammatory markers including tumor necrosis factor‐α (TNF‐α), interleukin‐6 (IL‐6) and high sensitive C‐reactive protein (hs‐CRP) were measured. For statistical analysis two independent and paired samples t‐test and linear regression were used. Bioinformatics and virtual analysis were performed using string data base and Molegro virtual software.Results: Cocoa consumption lowered blood cholesterol,triglyceride, LDL‐cholesterol, and TNF‐α, hs‐CRP, IL‐6 significantly (P < 0.01). The results showed that the levels of HDL‐cholesterol decreased significantly (P < 0.05) but Cocoa inhibited lipid peroxidation in treatment group than control group (P < 0.0001). Virtual analysis showed that the most frequent Cocoa ingredients, (+)‐Catechin and (‐)‐Epicatechin, can dock to the enzyme COX‐2.Conclusion: These data support the beneficial effect of Cocoa on the lipid peroxidation prevention and inflammatory markers in type 2 diabetic patients. Cocoa ingredients block the Cox‐2 activation and reduce inflammatory prostanoids synthesis according to virtual analysis.
Effects of physical activity and nitrate intake on metabolic syndrome$$$ Background: Metabolic syndrome is a cluster of serious health conditions that occur together increasing the risk of type II diabetes, stroke and cardiovascular diseases. The causes of this syndrome include obesity, physical inactivity, genetic factors and ageing. Metabolic syndrome is associated with chronic inflammatory status and vascular endothelial dysfunction due to an imbalance in adipocytokine production by the adipose tissue. Moreover, it is characterized by an increase in the degree of oxidative stress. In this study, the effects of physical activity and nitrate intake in patients with metabolic syndrome were evaluated. Methods: Patients, male with metabolic syndrome, where divided in two groups: control and nitrate supplemented (double blind crossover study). Nitrate was 8mmol in 500mL of an almond beverage, administered before the physical activity test. Blood samples from subjects were collected before and after having performed 30 minutes of physical activity in controlled conditions. The expression of antioxidant and mitochondrial biogenesis related proteins in peripheral blood mononuclear immune cells (PBMCs) was measured. Results: After the physical activity in control patients, the expression of antioxidant proteins and mitochondrial biogenesis related proteins increased. On the other hand, in patients treated with nitrate the increasing trend of these proteins was prevented. Conclusions: In conclusion, physical activity induces oxidative stress condition, and consequently the increased expression of the antioxidant defences was observed. There were some evidences that nitrate intake can modulate the physical activity induced redox imbalance and the expression of the mitochondrial biogenesis related proteins.
Enhancing sulforaphane absorption and excretion in healthy men through the combined consumption of fresh broccoli sprouts and a glucoraphanin-rich powder$$$ Sulforaphane (SF) is a chemopreventive isothiocyanate (ITC) derived from glucoraphanin (GRP) hydrolysis by myrosinase, a thioglucoside present in broccoli. The ability of broccoli powders sold as supplements to provide dietary SF is often of concern as many supplements contain GRP, but lack myrosinase. In a previous study, biomarkers of SF bioavailability from a powder rich in GRP, but lacking myrosinase, were enhanced by co‐consumption of a myrosinase‐containing air‐dried broccoli sprout powder. Here, we studied the absorption of SF from the GRP‐rich powder used in the previous study, but in combination with fresh broccoli sprouts, which are commercially available and more applicable to the human diet than air‐dried sprout powder. A total of four participants each consumed four meals (separated by 1 week) consisting of dry cereal and yogurt with sprouts equivalent to 70 μmol SF, GRP powder equivalent to 120 μmol SF, both or neither. Metabolites of SF were analysed in blood and urine. The 24 h urinary SF‐N‐acetylcysteine recovery was 65, 60 and 24 % of the dose ingested from combination, broccoli sprout and GRP powder meals, respectively. In urine and plasma, ITC appearance was delayed following the GRP powder meal compared with the sprout and combination meals. Compared with the GRP powder or sprouts alone, combining broccoli sprouts with the GRP powder synergistically enhanced the early appearance of SF, offering insight into the combination of foods for improved health benefits of foods that reduce the risk for cancer.
Effect of combination of Beta Glucan and Lactobacillus rhamnosus HerizI on white blood cell counts and serum levels of IL-4 and IL-12 in women with breast cancer undergoing chemotherapy: a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial$$$ Background: Aim of this study was the isolation of native probiotic and determine the effect of combination of Beta Glucan and Lactobacillus rhamnosus Heriz I on White Blood Cell Counts and serum levels of IL‐4and IL‐12 in breast cancer women receiving Chemotherapy. Methods: This study was randomized double‐blind placebo‐controlled clinical trial in 30 women with breast cancer. Women in the intervention group received two 10‐mg capsules of soluble 1–3,1–6, D‐beta glucan and one capsule of Lactobacillus rhamnosus strain Heriz I (2 × 107 CFU) daily and placebo group received placebo during 21days, interval between two courses of chemotherapy. White blood cells, neuthrophil, lymphocyte and monocyte counts, serum levels of IL‐4 and IL‐12 were measured before and after the study. Results: We isolated Lactobacillus rhamnosus Heriz I from conventional yogurt of Heriz region and registered in NCBI GeneBank. After administration, in both groups white blood cells counts decreased. At the end of study, serum level of IL‐4 was decreased in combination group compared to placebo (P = 0.005). Also, serum level of IL‐12 in combination group increased non‐significantly (P = 0.066). Conclusion: The findings suggest that combination of Beta Glucan and Lactobacillus rhamnosus Heriz I may be useful as immunomodulary supplements in chemotherapy patients however further studies were needed.
Effect of cumin powder on body composition and lipid profile in overweight and obese women$$$ INTRODUCTION: This study aimed to determine the effect of cumin powder on body composition and lipid profile in overweight and obese women. MATERIALS & METHODS: In this randomized clinical trial, 88 overweight/obese women were randomly assigned into two groups. The experimental group was asked to have 3 g/d cumin powder with yogurt at two meals for 3 months. The same amount of yogurt minus cumin powder was prescribed for the control group. All patients received nutrition counseling for weight loss in a similar manner. Anthropometric and biochemical parameters were determined before and after the intervention. RESULTS: Cumin powder reduced serum levels of fasting cholesterol, triglyceride, and LDL and increased HDL. Weight, BMI, waist circumference, fat mass and its percentage significantly reduced. It has no effect on FBS and fat‐free mass. CONCLUSION: Cumin powder in a weight reduction diet showed improvement in anthropometric and biochemical parameters in overweight/obese women.
Comparison between the effects of soy milk and non-fat cow milk on lipid profile and lipid peroxidation in patients with primary hypercholesterolemia$$$ OBJECTIVE: This study assessed whether the consumption of soy milk could add significantly to the lipid profile and lipid peroxidation in comparison with non‐fat milk. METHODS: A double‐blind, randomized, crossover study was conducted on 60 outpatients with primary hypercholesterolemia following a lipid‐lowering diet for at least 6 wk. Lipid profile was obtained at baseline and at 6 and 12 wk, with the patients randomly assigned to receive initially 1 L/d of soy milk or non‐fat cow milk for 6 wk. Lipid peroxidation was estimated by plasma thiobarbituric reactive substances. Apolipoprotein E genotypes were examined by polymerase chain reaction restriction fragment length polymorphism. RESULTS: The soy milk diet was associated with low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol reduction (baseline = 157 +/‐ 5 mg/dL$$$ soy milk = 148 +/‐ 4 mg/dL$$$ non‐fat cow milk = 158 +/‐ 4 mg/dL$$$ P < 0.05, soy milk versus other treatments) and with high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol increase (baseline = 58 +/‐ 2 mg/dL$$$ soy milk = 62 +/‐ 2 mg/dL$$$ non‐fat cow milk = 57 +/‐ 2 mg/dL$$$ P < 0.05, soy milk versus other treatments). In addition, plasma thiobarbituric reactive substances were reduced by the soy milk diet (baseline = 1.82 +/‐ 0.12 nM/L$$$ soy milk = 1.49 +/‐ 0.09 nM/L$$$ non‐fat cow milk = 1.91 +/‐ 0.11 nM/mL$$$ P < 0.05, soy milk versus non‐fat cow milk). Changes in lipid profile were not influenced by APOE genotypes. CONCLUSIONS: These results indicate that soy milk as part of a lipid‐lowering diet has beneficial effects in improving lipid profile and reducing lipid peroxidation.
Dairy Intake Modifies the Level of the Bile Acid Precursor and Its Correlation with Serum Proteins Associated with Cholesterol Clearance in Subjects with Hyperinsulinemia$$$ Bile acids regulate glucose homeostasis and lipid metabolism. Further, the levels of bile acids can be influenced by the intake of dairy products. Although the serum proteome can provide information on the biological pathways associated with different metabolites, it is unknown whether the intake of dairy modifies such associations between bile acids and the proteome. The objectives of this study were to examine plasma bile acid profiles, find the correlations between bile acids and lipid as well as glycemic markers, and to uncover the correlation between bile acids and proteins after high dairy (HD) and adequate dairy (AD) intake among 25 overweight individuals with hyperinsulinemia. In this randomized crossover‐trial study, hyperinsulinemia adults were randomized to both HD (≥4 servings/day) and AD (≤2 servings/day) for 6 weeks. Measurements and analyses were performed on before‐ as well as after‐ AD and HD conditions. The results indicated that plasma 7α‐hydroxy‐4‐cholesten‐3‐one (7AC4) increased after HD in comparison with before HD intake (p = 0.03). After adjusting for BMI, age, and sex, 7AC4 positively correlated with triglyceride levels in the pre‐AD (r = 0.44$$$ p = 0.03) and post‐HD (r = 0.42$$$ p = 0.04). Further, 7AC4 correlated positively with proteins associated with high‐density lipoprotein particle remodeling pathway and reverse cholesterol transport only after HD consumption. Thus, the consumption of higher dairy intake modifies the association between 7AC4‐a biomarker for bile acid synthesis‐and serum proteins involved in cholesterol clearance. Overall, higher dairy consumption may have a positive effect on cholesterol metabolism in subjects at risk of type 2 diabetes.
Topical pimecrolimus versus betamethasone for oral lichen planus: a randomized clinical trial$$$ OBJECTIVES: Oral lichen plans (OLP) is a potentially malignant inflammatory mucocutaneous disease. CD133 is an investigated surface marker for cancer stem‐like cells (CSCs) that may be involved in tumor initiation in head and neck carcinomas. We compared short‐term clinical effectiveness of topical pimecrolimus as selective inflammatory cytokine release inhibitor with betamethasone cream for erosive/atrophic OLP and investigated the influence of this therapy on CD133 expression. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Thirty patients were randomly assigned into two equal groups to receive topical pimecrolimus (group I) or betamethasone (group II) four times daily for 4 weeks. A marker lesion in each patient were assessed at baseline using clinical score (CS) and visual analog scale (VAS) then at 1, 2, and 4 weeks and after 4 weeks of treatment‐free period. CD133 expression was detected in pre‐ and post‐treatment immunostained sections. RESULTS: Both drugs showed a reduction in CS, VAS, and CD133 expressions after treatment termination (p < 0.001). Pimecrolimus‐treated lesions showed significant higher 1st week reduction in severity (33.1% (22.2)), pain score (57.53% (14.27)), less recurrence in follow‐up period and less CD133 expression by the end of the 1st 4 weeks compared with betamethasone. CONCLUSION: Pimecrolimus showed earlier clinical response and less recurrence rate compared with standard topical corticosteroid in symptomatic OLP lesions, and both treatment reduced CD133‐positive CSC population. CLINICAL RELEVANCE: The study proved the benefits of topical pimecrolimus in early management of painful lesions of OLP and its ability to inhibit CSCs, suggesting a possible role in reducing risk of malignant transformation.
comparing the vitamin A Cream with drumstick plant extract gel in treatment of oral potentially malignant disorder-leukoplakia$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Moringa Oleifera leaves mucoadhesive gel: Moringa Oleifera is rich in antioxidants. The extraction of active ingredients such as quercetin will be done using the process of maceration(hydroalcohlic method).mucoadhesive gel will be prepared using HPMC.The concentration of Moringa Oleifera will be decided by MIC,MBC Values. Route of administration ‐ will be applied locally/topically in oral mucosa. Dosage ‐ 2‐3 gms/application approximately. The amount of gel will vary depending upon the size of lesion. Duration of therapy‐ 3 months. Application/day‐thrice daily using sterile cotton bud. Control Intervention1: Retino‐A 0.1% CREAM: It is a cream which contains 1% tretinoin in a bland, hydrophilic base. Nonmedicinal ingredients: butylated hydroxytoluene, isopropyl myristate, polyoxyl (40) stearate, purified water, sorbic acid, stearic acid, stearyl alcohol, and xanthan gum. Each gram of gel contains 0.01% tretinoin. Dosage ‐ 2‐3 gms/application approximately. The amount of cream will vary depending upon the size of lesion. Duration of therapy‐ 3 months. Application/day‐thrice daily using sterile cotton bud. CONDITION: Health Condition 1: C14‐ Malignant neoplasm of other and ill‐defined sites in the lip, oral cavity and pharynx PRIMARY OUTCOME: Reduction in the size of lesion of oral leukoplakia.Timepoint: 1,2,3 months SECONDARY OUTCOME: Reduction in burning sensationTimepoint: 1,2,3 months INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1.Homogeneous leukoplakia of size range 2‐6 cm in greatest dimension. 2.Patients above 18 years. 3.Patients who are willing to participate in this study.
Gastrointestinal transit, post-prandial lipaemia and satiety following 3 days high-fat diet in men$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: High‐fat (HF) diets of 2 weeks have been shown to accelerate gastric emptying (GE). To date, no studies have shown any alteration in GE following shorter HF diets. The aim of this study was to assess if an HF, high‐energy diet of 3 days can adapt gastrointestinal (GI) transit, blood lipids and satiety. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Eleven male volunteers participated in a study consisting of three, 3‐day interventions each separated by a test day. During the first intervention, volunteers recorded their diet. In the second and third interventions, volunteers repeated their food diary plus either a low‐fat yogurt or HF yogurt supplement in randomized order. Test days involved measurement of GE using the (13)C octanoic‐acid breath‐test, mouth‐to‐caecum transit time (MCTT) using the inulin H(2) breath test and satiety using visual analogue scales. Blood samples for measurement of lipaemia were taken using a venous cannula. RESULTS: MCTT was different between the three test days (P=0.038), with the shortest MCTT following the HF intervention. GE was shortest following the HF intervention. There were no differences in satiety between the interventions. The HF intervention reduced triglycerides, total cholesterol and low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol, and increased high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol. CONCLUSION: This study shows that changes in GI transit owing to an HF diet can occur in a time period as short as 3 days.
Evaluation of cardiovascular risk and oxidative stress parameters in hypercholesterolemic subjects on a standard healthy diet including low-fat milk enriched with plant sterols$$$ A healthy diet and plant sterols (PS) are recommended for reducing low‐density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and, subsequently, the risk of premature cardiovascular disease. PS mediate a decrease in fat‐soluble vitamin concentration, which can lead to a general impairment of antioxidative defenses and an increase in oxidative stress. Thus, we evaluated the effects of a healthy diet, including PS‐enriched low‐fat milk, on cardiovascular risk and oxidative stress parameters in hypercholesterolemic subjects. This was a randomized parallel trial employing 40 subjects and consisting of two 3‐month intervention phases. After 3 months on a standard healthy diet, subjects were divided into two intervention groups: a diet group and a diet+PS group (2 g/day). Lipid profile, apolipoproteins, high‐sensitivity C‐reactive protein and oxidative stress parameters were analyzed. Diet significantly reduced total and LDL cholesterol (4.0% and 4.7%, respectively), produced an increase in the level of beta‐carotene (23%) and improved the antioxidant capacity of LDL cholesterol particles (4.6%). PS induced a significant decrease in total cholesterol (6.4%), LDL (9.9%) and the apolipoprotein B100/apolipoprotein A1 ratio (4.9%), but led to a decrease in cryptoxanthin level (29%) without any change being observed in the antioxidant capacity of LDL cholesterol particles, total antioxidant status or lipid peroxidation. After 3 months, we observed the positive effect of including a PS supplement in dietary measures, as the lipoprotein‐mediated risk of cardiovascular disease was reduced. Despite a decrease in the concentration of cryptoxanthin, no evidence of a global impairment of antioxidative defenses or an enhancement of oxidative stress parameters was found.
Effect of probiotic yogurt containing Lactobacillus acidophilus and Bifidobacterium lactis on lipid profile in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus$$$ The purpose of this study was to investigate the effects of probiotic and conventional yogurt on the lipid profile in type 2 diabetic people. In a randomized double‐blind controlled trial, 60 people (23 males and 37 females) with type 2 diabetes and low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL‐C) greater than 2.6 mmol/L were assigned to 2 groups. Participants consumed daily 300 g of probiotic yogurt containing Lactobacillus acidophilus La5 and Bifidobacterium lactis Bb12 or 300 g of conventional yogurt for 6 wk. Fasting blood samples, anthropometric measurements and 3‐d, 24‐h dietary recalls were collected at the baseline and at the end of the trial. Probiotic yogurt consumption caused a 4.54% decrease in total cholesterol and a 7.45% decrease in LDL‐C compared with the control group. No significant changes from baseline were shown in triglyceride and high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL‐C) in the probiotic group. The total cholesterol:HDL‐C ratio and LDL‐C:HDL‐C ratio as atherogenic indices significantly decreased in the probiotic group compared with the control group. Probiotic yogurt improved total cholesterol and LDL‐C concentrations in type 2 diabetic people and may contribute to the improvement of cardiovascular disease risk factors.
Effect of supplementation of fermented milk containing active peptides(ipp, VPP) in accordance with medical nutrition therapy in pre- and hypertension subjects$$$ It is well known non‐drug therapy for hypertension patients can reduce blood pressure. These types of therapy include maintaining ones ideal body weight, quitting smoking, consuming large amounts of fruits and vegetables consuming low levels of saturated fat and salt and regular exercise. Fermented milk protein derived biologically active peptides such as isoleucine‐proline‐proline_(IPP) or valine‐proline‐proline_(VPP) have been shown to lower blood pressure in hypertensive subjects. This study was conducted to investigate the antihypertensive effects of medical nutritional therapy_(MNT) in accordance with the consumption of fermented milk enriched with IPP and VPP. To accomplish this, we conducted a randomized case‐controlled study of 43 subjects who had blood pressure levels greater than 120/80 mmHg. The subjects in the study group were randomly allocated into two groups, an MNT+fermented milk (100 mL/day) group (n=21) and an MNT+L. helveticus fermented milk with tripeptides (IPP=2.2 mg, VPP=2.6 mg/100mL) group (n=22). The MNT included weight management, reduction of sodium, total fat and saturated fat intake, increased intake of fruits and vegetables, and increased intake of low fat dairy products. The treatments were administered for 12 weeks during which time no drug interventions were conducted. The daily intakes of total calories, fats, cholesterol and Na decreased significantly after 12 weeks of MNT in the control and the experimental groups. In addition, the systolic blood pressure decreased significantly in the control and experimental groups$$$ however, the diastolic blood pressure only decreased significantly in the experimental group. Overall, the results of this study indicate that the intake of fermented milk containing IPP and VPP in conjunction with MNT exerted positive effects on the blood pressure of pre‐ and hypertensive subjects.
Eating behaviour and retro-nasal aroma release in normal-weight and overweight adults: a pilot study$$$ Eating rate and bite size are important factors affecting food intake, and we hypothesise the underlying role of oral sensory exposure in this. However, the latter currently lacks objective measuring parameters, but an interesting measure could be the extent of in vivo retro‐nasal aroma release. Second, the literature is ambiguous about overweight subjects differing from normal‐weight subjects in eating behaviour. Consequently, we investigated: (1) whether eating behaviour (food intake, eating rate, bite size, number of bites and meal duration) relates to weight status and (2) whether the extent of retro‐nasal aroma release relates to eating behaviour and weight status. A matched group (sex, age and dietary restraint) of twenty‐seven normal‐weight (BMI 21.8 (SD 1.6) kg/m2) and twenty‐seven overweight/obese subjects (BMI 30.5 (SD 5.8) kg/m2) consumed a spiced rice meal and apple pie yogurt on separate test days. The extent of retro‐nasal aroma release was measured on a third test day. Mean bite size for spiced rice was significantly (P = 0.03) larger in overweight/obese (10.3 (SD 3.2) g) v. normal‐weight subjects (8.7 (SD 2.1) g). There were no other significant differences in eating behaviour or retro‐nasal aroma release between the groups. Eating behaviours were not correlated with BMI or retro‐nasal aroma release. Subjects showed consistent eating behaviour for both test products. Eating behaviour might be a characteristic of an individual but not by definition a characteristic for a group of people based on their weight. Given the large sample sizes, necessary according to a posteriori sample size calculations, one needs to consider the relevance of finding a statistically significant difference in eating behaviour between the weight groups in a laboratory setting.
Effects of Probiotic Yogurt on Serum Omentin-1, Adropin, and Nesfatin-1 Concentrations in Overweight and Obese Participants Under Low-Calorie Diet$$$ Data on the effects of probiotics on adipokines such as omentin‐1, nesfatin‐1, and adropin are limited. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of probiotic yogurt along with a low‐calorie diet (LCD) on serum omentin‐1, adropin, and nesfatin‐1 concentrations in obese and overweight individuals. Sixty obese or overweight individuals aged 20‐50 years old were involved in this randomized double‐blind placebo‐controlled clinical trial. Participants were randomly allocated into two groups to consume either probiotic yogurt containing Lactobacillus acidophilus La5, Bifidobacterium BB12, and Lactobacillus casei DN001 (108 CFU/g each) (n = 30) or regular yogurt (n = 30) along with a LCD in both groups for 8 weeks. Fasting blood samples were taken at baseline and after the 8‐week intervention to determine related variables. A significant decrease in body fat percentage was observed in the probiotic group compared with the regular group after 8 weeks (‐ 1.51 ± 069 vs ‐ 0.88 ± 0.68%, P = 0.002). After the 8‐week intervention, a significant difference in serum adropin concentration (6.04 ± 24.46 vs ‐ 8.16 ± 24.66 pg/ml, P = 0.03 and serum omentin‐1 concentration (0.09 ± 1.51 vs ‐ 1.5 ± 1.8 ng/ml, P = 0.003) was observed between two groups. We did not observe any significant changes in nesfatin‐1 and other anthropometric measures. Overall, probiotic yogurt for 8 weeks among overweight or obese individuals along with LCD had beneficial effects on body fat percentage, serum omentin‐1, and adropin concentration, but it did not have any effect on nesfatin‐1 level.
Yacon syrup: food applications and impact on satiety in healthy volunteers$$$ Syrup obtained from yacon roots could be well positioned as a nutritional product due to its high fructooligosaccharides (FOS) content. Considering this, we examined the potential food applications of yacon syrup, using the focal group methodology, and its sensorial acceptability when incorporated in yogurt. The beneficial effects of the consumption of yacon syrup were studied over a 2‐week period in a double‐blind placebo‐controlled experiment (namely Test A) and other consistent of only one day of yacon syrup consumption (namely Test B) were also evaluated. The doses of yacon syrup for both experiments were 8.74g of FOS/day. Energy intake, hunger, satiety, fullness and prospective food consumption were assessed with analogue scales at the end of each test. The results indicate that the yogurt was the food most suggested by the focus group, and the average of the scores given to the attributes when the yacon syrup was incorporated into a yogurt were: 7.78 for appearance$$$ 7.72 for aroma$$$ 7.02 for flavor and 6.96 for overall acceptability, corresponding to "like very much" and "like moderately". Furthermore, the results indicate that yacon syrup has a positive effect on appetite and its effect was dependent on gender and period of intervention, being statistically significant (P<0.05) in women, after 2‐week period. These findings suggested that increasing FOS intake could help to increase satiety, and consequently, be helpful in the management of type 2‐diabetes or control of the current high prevalence of overweight or obesity.
The Effect of Flaxseed Enriched Yogurt on the Glycemic Status and Cardiovascular Risk Factors in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: randomized, Open-labeled, Controlled Study$$$ Flaxseed is one of the rich sources of Î±‐linolenic acid and lignan. Flaxseed and its components have antioxidant, hypolipidemic and hypoglycemic effects. The study aimed to investigate the effect of flaxseed enriched yogurt on glycemic control, lipid profiles and blood pressure in patients with type 2 diabetes. A randomized, open‐labeled, controlled clinical trial was conducted on 57 patients with type 2 diabetes. Participants were assigned to receive 200 g 2.5% fat yogurt containing 30‐g flaxseed or plain yogurt daily for 8 weeks. Anthropometrics and biochemical parameters were evaluated at the beginning and end of the study. After 8 weeks of supplementation, Hemoglobin A1c was significantly decreased in the intervention group compared to control (p = 0.007). Also, at the end of the study, significant differences were seen between the flaxseed enriched yogurt and control groups in triglycerides and total cholesterol concentrations (p = 0.04 and p = 0.01), systolic blood pressure and diastolic blood pressure (p = 0.02 and p = 0.002, respectively). However, we did not find any difference between 2 groups in low‐density lipoprotein, high‐density lipoprotein, body weight and waist circumference (p > 0.05). Our results showed that the addition of flaxseed to yogurt can be effective in the management of type 2 diabetes. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT02436369
The Effect of Flaxseed Enriched Yogurt on the Glycemic Status and Cardiovascular Risk Factors in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: Randomized, Open-labeled, Controlled Study$$$ Flaxseed is one of the rich sources of α‐linolenic acid and lignan. Flaxseed and its components have antioxidant, hypolipidemic and hypoglycemic effects. The study aimed to investigate the effect of flaxseed enriched yogurt on glycemic control, lipid profiles and blood pressure in patients with type 2 diabetes. A randomized, open‐labeled, controlled clinical trial was conducted on 57 patients with type 2 diabetes. Participants were assigned to receive 200 g 2.5% fat yogurt containing 30‐g flaxseed or plain yogurt daily for 8 weeks. Anthropometrics and biochemical parameters were evaluated at the beginning and end of the study. After 8 weeks of supplementation, Hemoglobin A1c was significantly decreased in the intervention group compared to control (p = 0.007). Also, at the end of the study, significant differences were seen between the flaxseed enriched yogurt and control groups in triglycerides and total cholesterol concentrations (p = 0.04 and p = 0.01), systolic blood pressure and diastolic blood pressure (p = 0.02 and p = 0.002, respectively). However, we did not find any difference between 2 groups in low‐density lipoprotein, high‐density lipoprotein, body weight and waist circumference (p > 0.05). Our results showed that the addition of flaxseed to yogurt can be effective in the management of type 2 diabetes. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT02436369.
Effects of lacto-ovo-vegetarian diet vs. standard-weight-loss diet on obese and overweight adults with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: a randomised clinical trial$$$ The aim of the study was to compare the effects of a lacto‐ovo‐vegetarian diet (LOV‐D) vs. a standard weight‐loss diet (SWL‐D) on obese/overweight adults with NAFLD. Present randomised clinical trial recruited 75 overweight/obese adults with NAFLD, who were randomly assigned into LOV‐D and SWL‐D groups for 3 months. The LOV‐D was designed based on eliminating meat, poultry, and fish$$$ while including dairy products and eggs. The SWL‐D was planned according to the standard food pyramid, which was free in all sources of food. Adherence to LOV‐D significantly outperformed SWL‐D in reducing levels of alanine aminotransferase (ALT), body weight, waist circumference, BMI, fasting blood sugar, insulin, homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA‐IR), triacylglycerol (TG), cholesterol, low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL‐C), and systolic blood pressure (SBP). Furthermore, ultrasonography revealed a higher alleviation in NAFLD grade among LOV‐D, compared with SWL‐D. This study suggests that adherence to LOV‐D for 3 months has beneficial effects on NAFLD improvement, anthropometric measures, glycaemic‐related markers, and lipid profiles.
Probiotic, as well as conventional yogurt, can enhance the stimulated production of proinflammatory cytokines$$$ BACKGROUND: Lactic acid bacteria have been shown to stimulate the secretion of cytokines by lymphocytes and monocytes in a strain‐dependent manner. Therefore, in this study, the effect of a daily intake of probiotic yogurt on cytokine production in young healthy women was compared with that of a conventional product. METHODS: For 2 weeks each, subjects consumed 100 g, then 200 g of either a probiotic or a conventional, commercially available yogurt, both containing Lactobacillus bulgaricus and Streptococcus thermophilus with additional Lactobacillus casei DN 114 001 in the probiotic product. Cytokine production in blood culture following stimulation with phytohaemmaglutinin and lipopolysaccharide was measured using Cytometric Bead Array and enzyme‐linked immunosorbent assay. RESULTS: Stimulated production of tumour necrosis factor‐alpha increased significantly following consumption of conventional or probiotic yogurt (+63% and +24% compared with baseline, respectively, P < 0.001). There was also a significantly higher production of interleukin (IL)‐1beta in the conventional (+40%, P = 0.006) and of interferon gamma in the probiotic group (+108%, P < 0.05). IL‐10 decreased following consumption of the probiotic product, but increased significantly after intake cessation (+129%, P < 0.001). No significant differences in cytokine responses between the conventional and the probiotic yogurt were observed. CONCLUSION: Both conventional and probiotic yogurt enhanced the stimulated production of pro‐inflammatory cytokines.
Encapsulation of lipids as emulsion-alginate beads reduces food intake: a randomized placebo-controlled cross-over human trial in overweight adults$$$ The objective of this study was to investigate the efficacy of lipid emulsions encapsulated in calcium‐alginate beads in reducing food intake and appetite sensations. These emulsion‐alginate beads were ingested in a yogurt (active) and compared to an equienergetic yogurt containing nonencapsulated nutrients with comparable sensory properties (control) in a randomized placebo‐controlled trial with crossover design. Thirty‐three healthy overweight volunteers (mean age: 43 years$$$ body mass index: 27.7 kg/m2$$$ 14 male) received the 2 treatments. Test days started with a standardized small breakfast (t = 0) followed by an active or control yogurt (t = 90 minutes). Appetite sensations and gastrointestinal symptoms were monitored prior to and after consumption of the yogurt, and food intake was measured during ad libitum pasta meal consumption (t = 210 minutes). The hypothesis for this study was that delayed release of encapsulated lipids suppresses appetite sensations and reduces food intake. Food intake was significantly reduced with 51 ± 20 kcal (213 ± 84 kJ) (P =.016) after intake of the active yogurt (770 ± 38 kcal (3222 ± 159 kJ)) compared to the control (821 ± 40 kcal (3435 ± 167 kJ)). The approach that we chose is promising to reduce food intake and could contribute to the development of an easy‐to‐use product for weight management.
Effect of a low energy diet, containing a high protein, probiotic condensed yogurt, on biochemical and anthropometric measurements among women with overweight/obesity: a randomised controlled trial$$$ Background & aims: The aim of this study was to determine the effect of low energy diet containing condensed processed yogurt (Kashk), as a high protein, calcium and probiotic enriched product, on glycemic control, lipid profile, anthropometric measurements and blood pressure among women with overweight/obesity. Methods: 70 women with overweight/obesity were randomly assigned to receive either a low energy diet contained 50 g of Kashk (intervention group) or a low energy diet without Kashk (control group) for 8 weeks. Anthropometric, blood pressure and biochemical measurements were obtained before and after the intervention. Results: Between‐group comparisons showed that the intervention group significantly decreased triglycerides (P = 0.013) and low density lipoprotein cholesterol (P = 0.049) levels relative to the control group. Significantly greater reductions in body mass index (P = 0.018), fat percent (P = 0.037) and waist circumference (P = 0.047) were observed in the intervention group compared to control. Within‐group comparisons revealed significant reductions in systolic blood pressure (P = 0.035) and weight (P = 0.005) in the intervention group. Conclusions: Long‐term consumption of Kashk, as a high protein and calcium product enriched with probiotic that is accompanied by a low energy diet, might have beneficial effects on anthropometric and biochemical indices, though more cross‐over and parallel blinded trials with placebo groups are needed to confirm these results. (The clinical trial registration number is IRCT2013042913163N1).
Phase II randomised control feasibility trial of a nutrition and physical activity intervention after radical prostatectomy for prostate cancer$$$ OBJECTIVE: Dietary factors and physical activity may alter prostate cancer progression. We explored the feasibility of lifestyle interventions following radical prostatectomy for localised prostate cancer. DESIGN: Patients were recruited into a presurgical observational cohort$$$ following radical prostatectomy, they were offered randomisation into a 2×3 factorial randomised controlled trial (RCT). SETTING: A single National Health Service trust in the South West of England, UK. PARTICIPANTS: Those with localised prostate cancer and listed for radical prostatectomy were invited to participate. RANDOMISATION: Random allocation was performed by the Bristol Randomised Trial Collaboration via an online system. INTERVENTIONS: Men were randomised into both a modified nutrition group (either increased vegetable and fruit, and reduced dairy milk$$$ or lycopene supplementation$$$ or control) and a physical activity group (brisk walking or control) for 6 months. BLINDING: Only the trial statistician was blind to allocations. PRIMARY OUTCOME MEASURES: Primary outcomes were measures of feasibility: randomisation rates and intervention adherence at 6 months. Collected at trial baseline, three and six months, with daily adherence reported throughout. Our intended adherence rate was 75% or above, the threshold for acceptable adherence was 90%. RESULTS: 108 men entered the presurgical cohort, and 81 were randomised into the postsurgical RCT (randomisation rate: 93.1%) and 75 completed the trial. Of 25 men in the nutrition intervention, 10 (40.0%$$$ 95% CI 23.4% to 59.3%) adhered to the fruit and vegetable recommendations and 18 (72.0%$$$ 95% CI 52.4% to 85.7%) to reduced dairy intake. Adherence to lycopene (n=28), was 78.6% (95% CI 60.5% to 89.8%), while 21/39 adhered to the walking intervention (53.8%$$$ 95% CI 38.6% to 68.4%). Most men were followed up at 6 months (75/81$$$ 92.6%). Three 'possibly related' adverse events were indigestion, abdominal bloating and knee pain. CONCLUSIONS: Interventions were deemed feasible, with high randomisation rates and generally good adherence. A definitive RCT is proposed. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: ISRCTN 99048944.
Daily fortified-synbiotic yogurt consumption facilitates appetite control in overweight and obese adults with metabolic syndrome during a weight-loss program: a 10-week randomized controlled trial$$$ Objective:Weight loss programm is known to increase the appetite and motivation to eat. The aim of the present study was to compare the effect of fortified‐synbiotic yogurt (FSY) with calcium, whey protein and vitamin D with low‐fat conventional yogurt (LFY) on appetite control in overweight/obese individuals during weight loss. Method and matrials: This was a randomized, double‐blinded, parallel‐arm, 10‐week study. Participants were randomly allocated to two groups receiving either two servings (2×250 g)/day of a fortified synbiotic yogurt (FSY) with whey protein, calcium, and vitamin D (n=44) or a low‐fat conventional yogurt (LFY) (n=43). All participants were put on a caloric‐restricted diet throughout the 10‐week study. Fasting Visual Analogue Scale (VAS) was used to measure subjective sensations of appetite in before commencing the study, at weeks 5 and 10 of the study. Fasting plasma concentrations of ghrelin were measured as well. Result: Both groups showed a significant (P<0•001) weight loss (‐4.3±1.9 kg and ‐5.12±3.03 kg in the LFY and FSY groups, respectively). A treatment and time×treatment interaction effect indicated that weight loss with FSY induced a smaller increase in desire to eat and hunger and smaller reduction in fullness sensations (P<0.05). Intrisingly, per each kg body fat mass loss during the weight loss, the increase in the desire to eat and hunger as well as decrease in the fullness scores were significanlty lower (P<0.05) in the FSY compared to LFY group. Furthermore, changes in ghrelin concentration correlated with those in desire to eat (r=0.34, P=0.001), hunger (r =0.64, P<0•001) and fullness (r= ‐0.39, P<0.001) sensations. Although changes in fasting ghrelin concentrations were not significantly diffrerent between groups at the end of the study$$$ the FSY group showed smaller increase in gerlin after 10‐weeks study. Conclusions: Collectively, our promising results showed that FSY supplementation attenuates the orexigenic effect of body weight loss compared with LFY and in overweight and obese individuals.
A Prebiotic Fiber Blend Improved Postprandial Glucose (PPG) and Time in Range (TIR) as Evaluated by Continuous Glucose Monitoring (CGM) in Healthy Subjects with Normal Glucose Tolerance$$$ This open‐label, pre‐post, pilot study evaluated the impact of a prebiotic fiber blend (including green banana resistant starch & oat beta‐glucan) on PPG and TIR measured by CGM (Abbott Freestyle Libre Pro). Five healthy subjects (3M/2F$$$ 41±7y fasting glucose 92.2±10.9 mg/dL, BMI 23.9±3.2 kg/m2, mean+/‐SD) consumed high glycemic index foods (e.g. cornflakes & rice milk) as the first meal of the day for 6 consecutive days followed by identical meals for 6 consecutive days with 7.5 grams of the prebiotic fiber blend. Addition of the prebiotic blend resulted in a significant 26.4% reduction in the baseline‐adjusted 2‐hr PP interstitial glucose (IG) area‐under‐the curve (Fig. 1a$$$ 4125.9 ± 2468.9 vs. 3038.1 ± 1701.8 mg/dL, p=0.043). Pooled subject 6‐day % TIR (IG = 70‐140 mg/dL), % time above range (TAR, IG>140 mg/dL), and % time below range (TBR, IG<70 mg/dL) showed a significantly higher % TIR (p=0.043) and lower % TBR (p=0.043) with the prebiotic blend (Fig. 1b). This exploratory pilot study suggests the potential impact of a prebiotic fiber supplement as a complement to other dietary and pharmaceutical interventions for glycemic control. A randomized placebo controlled trial is currently underway to evaluate the impact of a full nutrition meal replacement shake with and without a similar fiber blend in persons with type 2 diabetes.
Impact of combined consumption of fish oil and probiotics on the serum metabolome in pregnant women with overweight or obesity$$$ Background: If a pregnant woman is overweight, this can evoke metabolic alterations that may have health consequences for both mother and child. Methods: Pregnant women with overweight/obesity (n = 358) received fish oil+placebo, probiotics+placebo, fish oil+probiotics or placebo+placebo from early pregnancy onwards. The serum metabolome was analysed from fasting samples with a targeted NMR‐approach in early and late pregnancy. GDM was diagnosed by OGTT. Findings: The intervention changed the metabolic profile of the women, but the effect was influenced by their GDM status. In women without GDM, the changes in nine lipids (FDR<0.05) in the fish oil+placebo‐group differed when compared to the placebo+placebo‐group. The combination of fish oil and probiotics induced changes in more metabolites, 46 of the lipid metabolites differed in women without GDM when compared to placebo+placebo‐group$$$ these included reduced increases in the concentrations and lipid constituents of VLDL‐particles and less pronounced alterations in the ratios of various lipids in several lipoproteins. In women with GDM, no differences were detected in the changes of any metabolites due to any of the interventions when compared to the placebo+placebo‐group (FDR<0.05). Interpretation: Fish oil and particularly the combination of fish oil and probiotics modified serum lipids in pregnant women with overweight or obesity, while no such effects were seen with probiotics alone. The effects were most evident in the lipid contents of VLDL and LDL only in women without GDM. Funding: State Research Funding for university‐level health research in the Turku University Hospital Expert Responsibility Area, Academy of Finland, the Diabetes Research Foundation, the Juho Vainio Foundation, Janssen Research & Development, LLC.
Effect of Ascites Plaster Acupoint Application on Ehrlich Ascites Cancer in Mice$$$ Objective:To observe the therapeutic effect of ascites cream application on Ehrlich's disease in mice, and to explore its therapeutic mechanism from the perspective of cytokines. Method:Ehrlich ascites cancer strains were treated with NIH kitten according to the type and classification of normal blank control group (model group), model control group (local group), local application group (group A)(Paste group) 4 groups were observed and studied. Result:Compared with the model group, the ascitic fluid patch or acupoint sticking could significantly prolong the survival of tumor‐bearing mice (P <0.05, P <0.01), and significantly inhibit the growth of malignant ascites (P <0.05, P <0.01). Acupoint sticking is better than topical sticking (P <0.05). Ascites cream could down‐regulate the level of sIk2R in peripheral blood (P <0.05), and significantly increase the cytotoxic activity of TNF in peripheral blood (P <0.001). Conclusion:Ehrlich ascites cancer cells exist imbalance in the regulation of cell networks. The curative effect of Ascites cream treating Ehrlich ascites cancer is exact. The mechanism may be to down‐regulate the level of ML‐2R in peripheral blood, increase the cytotoxic activity of TNF in peripheral blood, and promote cellular immune function.
Decreased melanocyte counts in topical imiquimod-treated skin$$$ Introduction: Lentigo maligna (LM) is the most common subtype of melanoma in situ. The average margin requirement for LM removal is 7.2 mm. When used in the neoadjuvant setting, topical imiquimod 5% cream enables the removal of the majority of LM tumors with 2 mm margins. However, the distinction between the surgical border of LM and surrounding background melanocytic hyperplasia common to chronically sun‐exposed skin can be ambiguous. We sought to evaluate melanocyte density counts (MDC) in imiquimod‐treated LM compared with the negative control biopsies to see if there was a measurable difference. Methods: This prospective study (IRB 00045673) evaluated 52 cases of LM treated with off‐label neoadjuvant topical imiquimod 5% cream five days a week for 8 weeks followed by conservative staged excisions with 2 mm margins. A period of 2‐4 months was allowed for recuperation between topical treatment and surgery. All patients had a 10‐mm‐long fusiform biopsy taken as a negative control to establish a baseline MDC for the site (at a distance of at least 3 cm from the LM). Frozen sections were prepared on radially sectioned LM specimens and stained with hematoxylin and eosin, Mart‐1, and SOX10. The sites of LM were located on the head (n = 47), neck (n = 3), and upper extremities (n = 2). MDCs were simultaneously counted by the authors (SF and GB) viewing the specimens under a light microscope at × 400 magnification at 3 sites per specimen and independently recorded. MDCs for the negative control and all four quadrants of the resected LM were then averaged and compared. Results: The median MDC from the negative controls was 20.0 ± 6.2 (range 9.0‐36.7). The median MDC from the post‐imiquimod treatment sites was 14.4 ± 5.4 (range 0.5‐26.6). Using a 2‐tailed paired t test, the results showed statistical significance (P <.00000009). In patients with little or no SOX10 immunostaining within the epidermis, adequate SOX10 immunostaining was verified by positive staining of the eccrine apparatus in the specimen as well immunostaining of a positive control LM tissue specimen. Discussion: Neoadjuvant topical imiquimod 5% cream applied 5 times weekly for 8 weeks leads to decreased MDCs in LM treated sites compared with the MDCs of adjacent negative control sites. The decreased melanocytic hyperplasia in imiquimod‐treated sites reduces the ambiguity in making a distinction between the border of the excised LM and background melanocytic hyperplasia.
Effects of whey proteins on glycaemia and insulinaemia to an oral glucose load in healthy adults$$$ a dose-response study$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Whey proteins have insulinogenic properties and the effect appears to be mediated from a postprandial plasma amino‐acid (AA) response. The aim was to study the possible dose‐response relationship between whey intake and glycaemic‐, insulinaemic‐ and plasma AA responses. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Twelve healthy volunteers participated in the study. They were provided three whey protein drinks, containing 4.5, 9 or 18 g protein as breakfast meals in random order. All meals contained 25 g available carbohydrates (glucose). The same amount of glucose in water was used as reference. RESULTS: Linear dose‐response relations were found between whey protein intake and postprandial glycaemia, insulinaemia and plasma AAs. The two highest doses, 18 g and 9 g, significantly reduced postprandial glycaemia (incremental area under the curve (iAUC) 0‐120 min$$$ P ≤ 0.05). The 18 g dose significantly increased the insulin response (iAUC 0‐120 min$$$ P ≤ 0.05). All measured plasma AAs (15 in total), except glutamic acid, responded in a dose‐dependent way, and the 9 and 18 g doses resulted in significantly higher plasma levels of AAs compared with the reference. CONCLUSIONS: Whey protein affects glycaemia, insulinaemia and plasma AAs to a glucose load in a dose‐dependent manner. Comparatively low doses of whey protein (9 g) reduced postprandial glycaemia significantly when added to a carbohydrate‐rich meal.
Comparison of carbohydrate and milk-based beverages on muscle damage and glycogen following exercise$$$ This study examined effects of carbohydrate (CHO), milk‐based carbohydrate‐protein (CHO‐PRO), or placebo (P) beverages on glycogen resynthesis, muscle damage, inflammation, and muscle function following eccentric resistance exercise. Untrained males performed a cycling exercise to reduce muscle glycogen 12 hours prior to performance of 100 eccentric quadriceps contractions at 120% of 1‐RM (day 1) and drank CHO (n = 8), CHO‐PRO (n = 9$$$ 5 kcal/kg), or P (n = 9) immediately and 2 hours post‐exercise. At 3 hours post‐eccentric exercise, serum insulin was four times higher for CHO‐PRO and CHO than P (p < .05). Serum creatine kinase (CK) increased for all groups in the 6 hours post‐eccentric exercise (p < .01), with the increase tending to be lowest for CHO‐PRO (p < .08) during this period. Glycogen was low post‐exercise (33+/‐3.7 mmol/kg ww), increased 225% at 24 hours, and tripled by 72 hours, with no group differences. The eccentric exercise increased muscle protein breakdown as indicated by urinary 3‐methylhistidine and increased IL‐6 with no effect of beverage. Quadriceps isokinetic peak torque was depressed similarly for all groups by 24% 24 hours post‐exercise and remained 21% lower at 72 hours (p < .01). In summary, there were no influences of any post‐exercise beverage on muscle glycogen replacement, inflammation, or muscle function.
Milk enriched with phytosterols reduces plasma cholesterol levels in healthy and hypercholesterolemic subjects$$$ The consumption of plant sterols has been shown to decrease plasma concentrations of cholesterol without adverse effects in human subjects. To evaluate if milk would be a good vehicle for phytosterols to lower plasma levels of cholesterol, we performed a randomized blind study with healthy subjects (n = 22) and hypercholesterolemic patients (n = 19), both groups treated with phytosterol‐enriched milk (2 g/d). Another hypercholesterolemic group (n = 15) was used as a control group. Lipid profile and biochemical, hematologic, and hemorheological parameters were determined at the beginning and after 15 and 30 days of milk beverage intake. After 15 days of treatment, healthy individuals showed lowered total cholesterol and LDL‐C levels, by 8.31% (P = .05) and 11% (P < .05), respectively. After 30 days of the trial, these values did not change significantly. Hypercholesterolemic patients treated with phytosterol‐enriched milk demonstrated significantly diminished levels of total cholesterol and LDL‐C concentrations, by 9.62% (P < .05) and 12.20 % (P < .05), respectively. After 30 days, an increase in the total cholesterol and LDL‐C levels was observed for hypercholesterolemic subjects, 6.69% (P < .05) and 8.68% (P < .05), respectively. In the hypercholesterolemic control subjects, no difference was found between plasma levels of total cholesterol, high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol, and LDL‐C. Only healthy subjects showed significant changes during the intake of phytosterol‐enriched milk. The results obtained indicate that phytosterol‐enriched milk is a good vehicle for reducing plasma cholesterol in hypercholesterolemic subjects. © 2007.
Effect of soy and milk protein supplementation on serum lipid levels: a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVE: Previous clinical trials have documented that soy protein reduces low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol and increases high‐density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol compared with milk protein. However, the effect of soy protein on lipids compared with carbohydrate has not been not well studied. We examined the effect of soy and milk protein supplementation on lipids and lipoproteins compared with carbohydrate among adults without hypercholesterolemia. SUBJECTS/METHODS: We conducted a randomized, double‐blind, 3‐phase crossover trial among 352 US adults with serum total cholesterol level of <240 mg/dl from September 2003 to April 2008. Trial participants were assigned to 40 g/day supplementation of soy protein, milk protein or complex carbohydrate from wheat each for 8 weeks in random order with a 3‐week washout period between interventions. Overnight fasting blood samples were collected at the termination of each intervention phase. RESULTS: Compared with carbohydrate, soy protein supplementation was significantly associated with a net change (95% confidence interval (CI)) in total cholesterol and total/HDL cholesterol ratio of ‐3.97 mg/dl (‐7.63 to ‐0.31, P=0.03) and ‐0.12 (‐0.23 to ‐0.01, P=0.03), respectively. Compared with milk protein, soy protein supplementation was significantly associated with a net change (95% CI) in HDL and total/HDL cholesterol ratio of 1.54 mg/dl (0.63 to 2.44, P=0.0009) and ‐0.14 (‐0.22 to ‐0.05, P=0.001), respectively. Compared with carbohydrate, milk protein supplementation was significantly associated with a net change (95% CI) in HDL of ‐1.13 mg/dl (‐2.05 to ‐0.22, P=0.02). CONCLUSIONS: This randomized controlled trial indicates that soy protein, but not milk protein, supplementation improves the lipid profile among healthy individuals.
Cholesterol-lowering effect of skim milk from immunized cows in hypercholesterolemic patients$$$ The effect of skim milk from cows immunized against a variety of human intestinal bacteria on serum cholesterol concentrations was examined in 11 patients with primary hypercholesterolemia in a 24‐wk, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, crossover study. After a 4‐wk baseline period, patients were treated for 8 wk either with skim milk from immunized cows (active) or with control skim milk (placebo) followed by an 8‐wk period with the treatment order reversed. Eight weeks of active treatment with skim milk from immunized cows reduced serum total cholesterol concentrations by 0.52 +/‐ 0.59 mmol/L (mean +/‐ SD$$$ P less than 0.025), or 8%, LDL cholesterol by 0.16 +/‐ 0.59 mmol/L (NS), or 4%, and the atherogenic index (total cholesterol/HDL cholesterol) by 0.42 +/‐ 1.85 (P less than 0.05), or 8%, compared with the placebo treatment. Reversal of the favorable development occurred upon cessation of active treatment. We conclude that daily supplementation of a normal diet with skim milk from immunized cows can result in a significant reduction of elevated blood cholesterol concentrations.
Effects of active addition of bacterial cultures in fermented milk to patients with chronic bowel discomfort following irradiation$$$ Radiotherapy is a cornerstone in the treatment of malignancies in the pelvis. Consequently, there is usually exposure of the intestine and especially the lower colon and rectum, with ensuing disturbances in bowel habits at different times following radiotherapy. The main problem is diarrhoea associated with lactose intolerance, bile salt absorption and fat malabsorption. Bacterial contamination has also been described. In the present study we have evaluated the influence of the active administration of specific bacterial cultures in fermented milk, which inhibit the growth of potentially pathogenic micro‐organisms, to 40 consecutive patients with chronic alteration in their bowel habits caused by previous radiotherapy of pelvic malignancies. The results suggest that intake of fermented milk products could be of value in decreasing chronic bowel discomfort following radiotherapy of pelvic malignancies. However, a more extensive study is warranted in order to very the significance of the results and to find the optimal product.
An urea, arginine and carnosine based cream (Ureadin Rx Db ISDIN) shows greater efficacy in the treatment of severe xerosis of the feet in Type 2 diabetic patients in comparison with glycerol-based emollient cream. A randomized, assessor-blinded, controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Xerosis is a common skin disorder frequently observed in diabetic patients. An effective hydration of foot skin in diabetics is a relevant preventive strategy in order to maintain a healthy foot. Urea is considered an effective hydrating and emollient topical product. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the efficacy of topical urea 5% with arginine and carnosine (Ureadin Rx Db, ISDIN Spain) (UC) in comparison with glycerol‐based emollient topical product (Dexeryl, Pierre Fabre) (EC), in Type 2 diabetic patients. METHODS: We assessed the effect of UC on skin hydration in a randomized, evaluator‐blinded comparative study in 40 type II diabetic patients, aged 40‐75 years, treated with UC or the comparator for 28 days with a twice‐daily application. The principal outcomes were the Dryness Area Severity Index (DASI) Score and the Visual Analogue Score (VAS) for skin dryness evaluated at baseline and at the end of study period by an investigator unaware of treatment allocation. RESULTS: UC induced significantly greater hydration than EC with an 89% reduction in DASI score (from 1.6 to 0.2$$$ p < 0.001) in comparison with baseline values. After 4 weeks, compared with the control group, DASI score in UC treated group was significantly lower (0.2 vs. 1.0$$$ p = 0.048). VAS score (high values mean better hydration) significantly increased in both groups during treatment. VAS score at the end of treatment period was significantly higher in UC group in comparison with EC group (9.8 vs. 8.2$$$ p = 0.05). CONCLUSION: Application of urea 5%, arginine and carnosine cream increases skin hydration and alleviates the condition of skin dryness in Type 2 diabetic patients in comparison with a control glycerol‐based emollient product. (Dutch Trials Register trial number 3328).
The chronic consumption of milk proteins improve vascular function and lipid biomarkers in mildly hypertensive adults: results from the Whey2Go RCT$$$ Cardiovascular diseases are the major cause of death in the world and their reduction is a key public health target(1). Epidemiological studies have shown that milk consumption has beneficial impacts on the cardiovascular system(2). The aim of this study was to investigate if intact dairy proteins can improve vascular function in mildly hypertensive adults. This was an 8‐wk double‐blinded, randomised, cross‐over, controlled intervention study. Forty‐two participants were randomised to consume 2 × 28 g of whey protein, Ca‐caseinate and 2 × 27 g maltodextrin (control) daily. A linear mixed‐model ANOVA was used to assess the impacts of the interventions. Thirty‐eight participants completed the study. We found significant reductions in peripheral and central systolic pressure (‐5·7 mmHg, p = 0·007$$$ ‐5·4 mmHg, p = 0·012, respectively) and mean pressure (‐3·7 mmHg, p = 0·025$$$ ‐4·0 mmHg, p = 0·019, respectively) assessed by pulse wave analysis after whey protein supplementation compared with control. Flow‐mediated dilation increased significantly after both whey protein and Ca‐caseinate compared with control (1·31 %, p < 0·001, and 0·83 %, p = 0·003, respectively). Both whey protein and Ca‐caseinate significantly reduced total cholesterol (‐0·26 mmol/L, p = 0·013$$$ ‐0·20 mmol/L, p = 0·042, respectively), however only whey protein decreased triacylglycerol (‐0·23 mmol/L, p = 0·025) too, compared with control. Adhesion molecules were also lowered: sICAM‐1 and sVCAM‐1 were reduced after whey protein (p = 0·011) and Ca‐caseinate consumption (p = 0·039) compared with control, respectively. The 8‐week consumption of intact milk proteins resulted in improvements in vascular reactivity, biomarkers of endothelial function and lipid risk factors with greater benefit after whey protein supplementation. This may have important implications for public health. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02090842.
Effects of probiotic Lactobacillus casei DN-114 001 in prevention of radiation-induced diarrhea: results from multicenter, randomized, placebo-controlled nutritional trial$$$ PURPOSE: To determine whether a probiotic drink containing Lactobacillus casei DN‐114 001 reduces the incidence of radiation‐induced diarrhea in patients with gynecologic cancer. METHODS AND MATERIALS: Patients who were undergoing pelvic radiotherapy (45‐50 Gy, conventional fractionation) for either cervical carcinoma (radiotherapy and weekly cisplatin) or endometrial adenocarcinoma (postoperative radiotherapy) were randomly assigned to a probiotic drink or placebo, in a double‐blind fashion. The probiotic drink consisted of liquid yogurt containing L. casei DN‐114 001 at 10(8) CFU/g. The patients recorded the daily the number of bowel movements and scored the stool consistency using the Bristol scale. Diarrhea was graded weekly according the Common Toxicity Criteria system. The primary endpoint was to reduce the incidence of diarrhea, defined by a Common Toxicity Criteria Grade of 2 or greater or the need for loperamide. RESULTS: A total of 85 patients were enrolled. Grade 2 or greater diarrhea and/or the use of loperamide was observed in 24 of 41 patients in the placebo group and 30 of 44 in the probiotic group (p = 0.568). No differences were found in the median time to the presentation of the primary endpoint. Probiotic intervention had a significant effect on stool consistency (p = 0.04). The median time for patients to present with Bristol scale stools of Type 6 or greater was 14 days for patients receiving the probiotic drink vs. 10 days for those receiving placebo. CONCLUSION: Nutritional intervention with the probiotic drink containing L. casei DN‐114 001 does not reduce the incidence of radiation‐induced diarrhea as defined by a Common Toxicity Criteria Grade 2 or greater. However, it had a significant effect on stool consistency as measured by the Bristol scale.
Effects of 15-d repeated consumption of Hoodia gordonii purified extract on safety, ad libitum energy intake, and body weight in healthy, overweight women: a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Extracts from Hoodia gordonii have been shown to decrease food intakes and body weights in animals and were proposed as a food supplement or ingredient for weight management. OBJECTIVE: We assessed the safety and efficacy of a 15‐d repeated consumption of H. gordonii purified extract (HgPE) relative to a placebo in humans. DESIGN: Healthy, overweight women, who were stratified by percentage body fat, received either HgPE (n = 25) or a placebo (n = 24) for 15 d. Subjects were resident in a clinic for a 4‐d run‐in period and a 15‐d treatment period in which they received 2 servings/d of 1110 mg HgPE or a placebo formulated in a yogurt drink 1 h before breakfast and dinner. Subjects were otherwise allowed to eat ad libitum from standardized menus. RESULTS: There were no serious adverse events, but HgPE was less well tolerated than was the placebo because of episodes of nausea, emesis, and disturbances of skin sensation. Blood pressure, pulse, heart rate, bilirubin, and alkaline phosphatase showed significant (P < 0.05) increases in the HgPE group. Mean effects on ad libitum energy intakes and body weights did not differ significantly between the HgPE‐ and placebo‐treatment groups (P > 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: In comparison with a matched placebo, the consumption of HgPE for 15 d appeared to be associated with significant adverse changes in some vital signs and laboratory parameters. HgPE was less well tolerated than was the placebo and did not show any significant effects on energy intakes or body weights relative to the placebo. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01306422.
Low-fat yogurt consumption reduces markers of chronic inflammation in apparently healthy lean and obese women$$$ The objective of this study was to determine whether daily low‐fat yogurt consumption would reduce biomarkers of chronic inflammation by improving intestinal barrier function in apparently healthy lean and obese women. Lean and obese women (18.5‐27 vs. 30‐40 kg/m2$$$ n = 30/group) participated in a randomized, controlled study where they received 12 oz low‐fat yogurt (YL, yogurt lean$$$ YO, yogurt obese) or soy pudding (CL, control lean$$$ CO, control obese) daily for 9 wk while maintaining their usual energy intake. Plasma biomarkers of inflammation and intestinal barrier function were determined in the fasted state at wk 0, 3, 6, and 9. At baseline, obese participants had higher plasma lipopolysaccharide‐binding protein (LBP), LBP/soluble CD14 (sCD14) ratio, immunoglobulin M endotoxin‐core antibody (IgM EndoCAb), interleukin 6 (IL‐6), high‐sensitivity C‐reactive protein (hsCRP), tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF‐α) and TNF‐α/soluble tumor necrosis factor receptor II (sTNF‐RII) ratio than lean participants. After 9 wk of yogurt consumption, YO biomarkers of chronic inflammation were lower than those at baseline: IL‐6 by 17%, hsCRP by 9%, TNF‐α by 7%, and TNF‐α/sTNF‐RII by 7%. Also, at 9 wk, plasma IgM EndoCAb, peripheral blood mononuclear cell mRNA expression of transforming growth factor beta 1 and nuclear factor kappa B inhibitor alpha increased by 5%, 20%, and 54% respectively in YO compared to those at 0 wk. YL also had decreased TNF‐α, TNF‐α/sTNF‐RII and increased IgM EndoCAb from baseline. Biomarkers of inflammation were unaffected in those receiving soy pudding regardless of obesity status. CO had an 11% increase in LBP/sCD14 ratio. Therefore, consumption of low‐fat yogurt for 9 weeks appears to improve intestinal barrier function and reduce fasting biomarkers of chronic inflammation in both lean and obese women.
Does Yogurt Enriched with Platelet-Activating Factor Inhibitors from Olive Oil By-Products Affect Gut Microbiota and Faecal Metabolites in Healthy Overweight Subjects? (A randomized, parallel, three arm trial.)$$$ OBJECTIVE: The effect of the daily consumption of a low‐fat yogurt (150 g) enriched with Platelet‐Activating Factor receptor (PAF‐R) antagonists, or the plain one, on gut microbiota and faecal metabolites was investigated in healthy overweight subjects. METHODS: A randomized, three‐arm, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, parallel‐group study was performed that lasted 8 weeks. Blood and stools were collected and analyzed before and after the intervention. RESULTS: Our findings revealed that the intake of the enriched yogurt resulted in a significant increase in the levels of Bifidobacterium spp., Clostridium perfringens group and Firmicutes‐to‐Bacteroidetes (F/B) ratio. On the other hand, a significant increase in the levels of Lactobacillus and C. perfringens group was detected after the intake of the plain yogurt. The increase in the levels of C. perfringens group was inversely associated with the plasma catabolic enzyme of PAF, namely LpPLA2 (lipoprotein‐associated phospholipase A2), a cardiovascular risk marker that has been linked with inflammation and atherosclerosis. Moreover, in the enriched with PAF‐R antagonists yogurt group, the increased levels of C. perfringens group were also associated with lower PAF action assessed as ex vivo human platelet‐rich plasma (PRP) aggregation. Additionally, a higher % increase in molar ratio of Branched Short Chain Fatty Acids (BSCFAs) was detected for both yogurt groups after the 8 week‐intervention compared to control. The consumption of the enriched yogurt also resulted in a significant drop in faecal caproic levels and a trend for lower ratio of butyrate to total volatile fatty acids (VFAs) compared to baseline levels. CONCLUSION: Yogurt consumption seems to favorably affect gut microbiota while its enrichment with PAF‐R antagonists from olive oil by‐products, may provide further benefits in healthy overweight subjects. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT02259205).
The effect of purslane seeds on biomarkers of oxidative stress in diabetic patients: a randomized controlled cross-over clinical trial$$$ Background: This study was designed to examine the effects of purslane seeds on biomarkers of oxidative stress in type 2 diabetic patients. Methods: This cross‐over randomized controlled clinical trial was conducted on 40 patients with type 2 diabetes. Participants were randomly assigned to receive either 10 g/day purslane seeds with 240 cc low‐fat yogurt (intervention group) or only 240 cc low‐fat yogurt (as a control group) for 5 weeks. After a 2‐week washout period, subjects were moved to the alternate arm for an additional 5 weeks. At baseline and end of each study phase, fasting blood samples were collected to quantify biomarkers of oxidative stress. Results: We observed a slight decrease in plasma total antioxidant capacity in both groups, however, between‐group changes were not significant (−2.67 vs. −2.95 μg/dL, P = 0.94). Plasma malondialdehyde in purslane group increased slightly, however, we observed no significant effect in the control group (1.62 vs. −0.47 μg/dL, P = 0.58). Although both groups had a slight reduction in plasma oxidized low‐density lipoprotein (ox‐LDL), we failed to find any significant effect of purslane on plasma ox‐LDL (−1.06 vs. −1.71 μg/dL, P = 0.85). Conclusions: This cross‐over clinical trial revealed that consumption of purslane seeds for 5 weeks in type 2 diabetic patients did not result in improved oxidative stress.
Diagnostic and treatment of skin cancer lesions using Photodynamic Therapy - a less invasive technique than surgery with the application of a medication that interacts with light$$$ INTERVENTION: Device Drug Each group had 189 patients, totalizing 567 patients. In the control group, the surgical removal of the lesion was performed, considered a minor surgical procedure. In the groups treated with photodynamic therapy using aminolevulinic acid (ALA) and methyl aminolevulinate (M‐ALA), 3 hours after application of the cream with 20% ALA, a red light was used to excite the photosensitizer. In the light application, the dose was 150 J/cmÂ², using an intensity of 125 mW/cmÂ² for 20 minutes. This photodynamic therapy session was repeated after 7 days, following the same protocol. Light Minor Surgical Procedures Procedure/surgery CONDITION: Basal cell carcinoma $$$ Carcinoma, Basal Cell Carcinoma, Basal Cell PRIMARY OUTCOME: The ALA‐PDT group had a complete response of 90.48% and the MAL‐PDT group had 86.10%, verified from biopsy after 30 days of treatment. In the surgery group, 97.25% of the lesions presented free margins by histopathology. The study aimed to randomly compare the effectiveness of photodynamic therapy using ALA or MAL and surgery.$$$ Determination of the sample space by the method described by Blackwelder in 1982, requiring 174 patients for each group. Considering a drop of 10%, 189 patients were determined per group, totaling 567 patients. SECONDARY OUTCOME: After 82 months, the disease‐free rate was (77.6 Â± 8.0)% for the ALA group, (82.0 Â± 4.1)% for the MAL group and (94.7 Â± 5.1 )% for the surgery group, ascertained from clinical evaluation. INCLUSION CRITERIA: patients of both sexes$$$ older than 18 years$$$ present malignant lesions of the basal cell carcinoma nodular subtype (according to the International Classification of Diseases ICD 10, code D04.9) with a maximum diameter of two (2) centimeters (initial lesions)$$$ patients with multiple lesions may also be treated, provided that each lesion fits the characteristics described in the previous item$$$ patients with impaired neurological or judgmental capacity may be included as long as the responsible relative for their care signs the consent term.
5-Fluorouracil versus surgery in superficial basal cell carcinoma and other skin malignancies$$$ 5‐Fluorouracil (5‐FU) 5% is approved by the US Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of superficial basal cell carcinoma (sBCC) based on complete response rates of 92% and 96% for cream and solution, respectively. Phase 4 studies have thus far confirmed the clinical efficacy of this agent. An additional study has shown similar rates of clinical response for 5‐FU in Bowen disease. Although cosmetic effects of treatment can be important to patients, no study to date has objectively examined cosmetic outcomes in patients with sBCC. My colleagues and I have designed a prospective trial comparing 5‐FU 5% cream (Efudex®) with electrodesiccation and curettage in sBCC, specifically investigating the cosmetic effects of each type of treatment. Preliminary results from this study are expected to be available late this year.
Replacing dairy fat with rapeseed oil causes rapid improvement of hyperlipidaemia: a randomized controlled study$$$ BACKGROUND: Rapeseed oil (RO), also known as canola oil, principally contains the unsaturated fatty acids 18:1n‐9, 18:2n‐6 and 18:3n‐3 and may promote cardiometabolic health. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effects on lipoprotein profile, factors of coagulation and insulin sensitivity of replacing a diet rich in saturated fat from dairy foods (DF diet) with a diet including RO‐based fat (RO diet). DESIGN: During a 2×3‐week randomized, controlled, cross‐over trial, 20 free‐living hyperlipidaemic subjects were provided with isocaloric test diets that differed in fat composition alone. Blood lipoprotein profile, coagulation and fibrinolytic factors and insulin sensitivity (euglycaemic clamp) were determined before and after the dietary intervention. RESULTS: All subjects completed the study, and compliance was high according to changes in serum fatty acids. The RO diet, but not the DF diet, reduced the levels of serum cholesterol (‐17%), triglycerides (‐20%) and low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (‐17%), cholesterol/high‐density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol ratio (‐21%), apolipoprotein (apo) B/apo A‐I ratio (‐4%) and factor VII coagulant activity (FVIIc) (‐5%) from baseline. These changes were significantly different between the diets (P=0.05 to P<0.0001), except for FVIIc (P=0.1). The RO diet, but not the DF diet, modestly increased serum lipoprotein(a) (+6%) and tended to increase the glucose disappearance rate (K‐value, +33%). HDL cholesterol, insulin sensitivity, fibrinogen and tissue plasminogen activator inhibitor‐1 levels did not change from baseline or differ between the two diets. CONCLUSIONS: In a diet moderately high in total fat, replacing dairy fat with RO causes a rapid and clinically relevant improvement in serum lipoprotein profile including lowering of triglycerides in hyperlipidaemic individuals.
Timing and distribution of protein ingestion during prolonged recovery from resistance exercise alters myofibrillar protein synthesis$$$ Quantity and timing of protein ingestion are major factors regulating myofibrillar protein synthesis (MPS). However, the effect of specific ingestion patterns on MPS throughout a 12 h period is unknown. We determined how different distributions of protein feeding during 12 h recovery after resistance exercise affects anabolic responses in skeletal muscle. Twenty‐four healthy trained males were assigned to three groups (n = 8/group) and undertook a bout of resistance exercise followed by ingestion of 80 g of whey protein throughout 12 h recovery in one of the following protocols: 8 × 10 g every 1.5 h (PULSE)$$$ 4 × 20 g every 3 h (intermediate: INT)$$$ or 2 × 40 g every 6 h (BOLUS). Muscle biopsies were obtained at rest and after 1, 4, 6, 7 and 12 h post exercise. Resting and post‐exercise MPS (l‐[ring‐(13)C6] phenylalanine), and muscle mRNA abundance and cell signalling were assessed. All ingestion protocols increased MPS above rest throughout 1‐12 h recovery (88‐148%, P < 0.02), but INT elicited greater MPS than PULSE and BOLUS (31‐48%, P < 0.02). In general signalling showed a BOLUS>INT>PULSE hierarchy in magnitude of phosphorylation. MuRF‐1 and SLC38A2 mRNA were differentially expressed with BOLUS. In conclusion, 20 g of whey protein consumed every 3 h was superior to either PULSE or BOLUS feeding patterns for stimulating MPS throughout the day. This study provides novel information on the effect of modulating the distribution of protein intake on anabolic responses in skeletal muscle and has the potential to maximize outcomes of resistance training for attaining peak muscle mass.
Effects of slow- v. fast-digested protein supplementation combined with mixed power training on muscle function and functional capacities in older men$$$ Ageing leads to a progressive loss of muscle function (MF) and quality (MQ: muscle strength (MS)/lean muscle mass (LM)). Power training and protein (PROT) supplementation have been proposed as efficient interventions to improve MF and MQ. Discrepancies between results appear to be mainly related to the type and/or dose of proteins used. The present study aimed at determining whether or not mixed power training (MPT) combined with fast‐digested PROT (F‐PROT) leads to greater improvements in MF and MQ in elderly men than MPT combined with slow‐digested PROT (S‐PROT) or MPT alone. Sixty elderly men (age 69 (sd 7) years$$$ BMI 18‐30 kg/m2) were randomised into three groups: (1) placebo + MPT (PLA$$$ n 19)$$$ (2) F‐PROT + MPT (n 21) and (3) S‐PROT + MPT (n 20) completed the intervention. LM, handgrip and knee extensor MS and MQ, functional capacity, serum metabolic markers, skeletal muscle characteristics, dietary intake and total energy expenditure were measured. The interventions consisted in 12 weeks of MPT (3 times/week$$$ 1 h/session) combined with a supplement (30 g:10 g per meal) of F‐PROT (whey) or S‐PROT (casein) or a placebo. No difference was observed among groups for age, BMI, number of steps and dietary intake pre‐ and post‐intervention. All groups improved significantly their LM, lower limb MS/MQ, functional capacity, muscle characteristics and serum parameters following the MPT. Importantly, no difference between groups was observed following the MPT. Altogether, adding 30 g PROT/d to MPT, regardless of the type, does not provide additional benefits to MPT alone in older men ingesting an adequate (i.e. above RDA) amount of protein per d.
Effect of soy milk consumption on glycemic status, blood pressure, fibrinogen and malondialdehyde in patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: a randomized controlled trial$$$ Objective: Diet plays a critical role in the management of non‐alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Studies on the NAFLD's experimental models have reported that soy had positive effects on the improvement of metabolic parameters. However, there is a lack of clinical trials regarding the efficacy of whole soy foods. Therefore, this study was conducted to determine the effect of soy milk on some of the metabolic characteristics in patients with NAFLD. Methods: Sixty‐sex patients diagnosed with NAFLD were included in this randomized, parallel, controlled trial and were randomly assigned to either the soy milk or control group. Both groups received a 500‐deficit calorie diet plan. Also, patients in the soy milk group consumed 240 ml/day soy milk for 8 weeks. Fasting blood sugar (FBS), serum insulin, HOMA‐IR, HOMA‐β%, and QUICKI as well as serum malondialdehyde (MDA), plasma fibrinogen, and blood pressure (BP) were measured at the beginning and end of the study. Results: After 8‐weeks of intervention, soy milk group had a greater significant reduction in serum insulin(‐3.44 ± 5.02 vs. ‐1.09 ± 3.77 μIU/ml, P = 0.04), HOMA‐IR (‐0.45±0.64 vs ‐0.14 ± 0.47, P = 0.03), systolic (‐3.81±4.15 vs ‐1.48±2.93 mmHg, P = 0.01) and diastolic (‐2.39±2.80 vs. ‐0.94±2.76 mmHg, P = 0.04) BP, and also, a significant increase in QUICKI (0.02± 0.032 vs. 0.008±0.018, P = 0.04) compared to the control group. While, changes in the FBS, HOMA‐β%, fibrinogen, and MDA were not significantly different between the study groups. Conclusion: A low‐calorie diet containing soy milk had beneficial effects on serum insulin, HOMA‐IR, QUICKI, and BP in patients with NAFLD.
Consumption of Enriched Yogurt with PAF Inhibitors from Olive Pomace Affects the Major Enzymes of PAF Metabolism: a Randomized, Double Blind, Three Arm Trial$$$ Platelet‐activating factor (PAF), a proinflammatory lipid mediator, plays a crucial role in the formation of the atherosclerotic plaque. Therefore, the inhibition of endothelium inflammation by nutraceuticals, such as PAF inhibitors, is a promising alternative for preventing cardiovascular diseases. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the impact of a new functional yogurt enriched with PAF inhibitors of natural origin from olive oil by‐products on PAF metabolism. Ninety‐two apparently healthy, but mainly overweight volunteers (35–65 years) were randomly allocated into three groups by block‐randomization. The activities of PAF’s biosynthetic and catabolic enzymes were measured, specifically two isoforms of acetyl‐CoA:lyso‐PAF acetyltransferase (LPCATs), cytidine 5′‐diphospho‐choline:1‐alkyl‐2‐acetyl‐sn‐glycerol cholinephosphotransferase (PAF‐CPT) and two isoforms of platelet activating factor acetylhydrolase in leucocytes (PAF‐AH) and plasma (lipoprotein associated phospholipase‐A2, LpPLA2). The intake of the enriched yogurt resulted in reduced PAF‐CPT and LpPLA2 activities. No difference was observed in the activities of the two isoforms of lyso PAF‐AT. In conclusion, intake of yogurt enriched in PAF inhibitors could favorably modulate PAF biosynthetic and catabolic pathways.
Metabolic effects of beta-lactoglobulin, casein and whey supplementations during controlled catabolic inflammation in humans$$$ Background and aims: Infectious disease is associated with insulin resistance and muscle loss, resulting from a combination of inflammation, bed rest, and malnutrition. Dairy protein supplements are insulinotropic and preserves muscle mass, and we therefore aimed to investigate themetabolic effects of β‐lactoglobulin (BLG), casein (CAS) and whey (WHE) protein supplements during controlled catabolic conditions. Materials and methods: We used a randomized double‐blinded crossover design to investigate nine male participants. Before each trial day participants were exposed to lipopolysaccharide (LPS, 1 ng/kg) combined with 36 hours of fasting + bed rest to mirror a typical infectious episode. During each trial day, participants were investigated at baseline and following BLG, CAS, and WHE ingestion. We used the forearm model to quantify muscle protein kinetics Results: Consumption of BLG, CAS and WHE all improved the net balance of phenylalanine (NBPhe) in forearm muscle from baseline (p<0.05) without differences between interventions. The incremental area under the curve (iAUC) for seruminsulin was 62%higher following BLG compared with CAS (p <0.001) and 29% higher compared with WHE (p<0.001). In line with this finding, plasma concentrations of insulinotropic glucose‐dependent insulinotropic peptide (GIP) increased 70% in BLG compared with CAS (p=0.007). Baseline glucose concentrations were low (4.2 mmol/L) and increased upon dairy consumption without differences between interventions (p>0.05). Conclusion: The dairy protein supplements BLG, WHE, and CAS have similar anabolic effects on muscle during controlled catabolic conditions. BLG showed insulinotropic properties, which is of great interest within the field of nutritional research aiming to combat post‐prandial glucose fluctuations (e.g. pre‐meal servings for type 2 diabetes patients).
Gastrointestinal metabolism of a vegetable-oil emulsion in healthy subjects$$$ BACKGROUND: Given the growing prevalence of overweight and obesity, weight‐management strategies could be developed based on the effect of specific food ingredients on the gastrointestinal system to reduce food intake. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to investigate the mechanisms by which a vegetable‐oil emulsion may exert its effect on satiety by applying a multilumen tube to investigate digestion and absorption of lipids in the stomach and proximal jejunum. DESIGN: We gave 16 healthy, normal‐weight subjects (in a double‐blind, placebo‐controlled crossover design) a test product (yogurt with a vegetable‐oil emulsion) or an equal‐calorie control by intragastric administration on 2 separate occasions. Gastric and intestinal samples were collected from the proximal jejunum during 180 min. RESULTS: We observed almost double amounts (P < 0.05) of total lipids, mainly as free fatty acids, from the test product (450 +/‐ 119 mg) in the proximal jejunum compared with amounts of total lipids from the control product (230 +/‐ 50 mg), and an over‐time difference of free fatty acid concentrations was observed between the products (P < 0.05). To our knowledge, a novel and unexpected finding was the appearance of needle‐shaped crystals in the jejunal samples that originated from the vegetable‐oil emulsion and consisted of saturated fatty acids. Crystals were only rarely seen in the control samples. CONCLUSION: The higher amount of lipids in the proximal jejunum and the recovery of crystals in the intestinal samples after test‐product infusion provide a plausible physiologic explanation for the ileal brake mechanism that leads to the increased satiety observed for this test product.
Effect of lean red meat and dairy on insulin sensitivity$$$ Epidemiological studies link a high consumption of red and processed meat to the risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus, while high dairy con sumption has been associated with a decreased risk, but interventions are limited. We aimed to compare the effects on insulin sensitivity from consuming a diet high in lean red meat with minimal dairy, a diet high in dairy (low and high fat) with no red meat, and a control diet containing neither red meat nor dairy. A randomized crossover study was undertaken with 47 overweight and obese men and women with normal glucose tolerance (n=27) and with impaired fasting glucose or impaired glucose tolerance (n=20). Participants followed the three weight stable diets for four weeks in a randomised crossover design, with glucose, insulin and c‐peptide measured during an oral glucose tolerance test at the end of each diet. The primary comparison was between the red meat diet and the dairy diet. Fasting insulin was signifi‐ cantly higher in the dairy diet compared to the red meat diet (p < 0.01), with no change in fasting glucose resulting in a decrease in HOMA‐assessed insulin sensitivity after the high dairy diet (p < 0.05). A significant interaction between diet and gender was observed such that in women alone HOMA‐IR was significantly different between the red meat and dairy diets (p < 0.01). Insulin sensitivity calculated by the Matsuda method showed a 14.7% reduced sensitivity after the dairy diet in women (p < 0.01) with no difference between diets in men. In women the insulin AUC between red meat and dairy was significantly different (p=0.011) with no difference between diets for men. C‐peptide was not different between diets. A high consumption of lean red meat produced a similar insulin and glucose response to that of the diet containing white meat (chicken or fish). In contrast to epidemiological findings, these results suggest that a high consumption of dairy reduces insulin sensitivity in comparison to a diet high in lean red meat.
Dietary medium-chain saturated fatty acids induce gene expression of energy metabolism-related pathways in adipose tissue of abdominally obese subjects$$$ BACKGROUND: Dietary medium‐chain saturated fatty acids (MC‐SFAs) have been shown to reduce total body fat. Previously, we showed that MC‐SFAs prevent body fat accumulation, despite weight gain. Here, we aim to explore potential molecular mechanisms underlying the protective effect of MC‐SFAs on body fat gain. METHODS: The DairyHealth study examined the long‐term effects of milk protein and milk fat with a low or high content of MC‐SFA. In this 12 week, randomized, double‐blind, diet intervention study, participants consumed 60 g milk protein (whey or casein) and 63 g milk fat (high MC‐SFA or low MC‐SFA) daily in a two by two factorial design. We used microarrays to measure whole genome gene expression changes in subcutaneous adipose tissue in a subpopulation of 12 participants, 6 in the low MC‐SFA+casein group and 6 in the high MC‐SFA+casein group. Gene expression of several genes that were found to be changed by MC‐SFAs was confirmed in the full study population using qPCR. RESULTS: High MC‐SFA resulted in an upregulation of gene expression related to citric acid cycle and oxidative phosphorylation, and a downregulation of gene expression related to complement system and inflammation. CONCLUSIONS: We hypothesize that the beneficial effects of MC‐SFAs on prevention of fat accumulation are mediated via increased gene expression related to energy metabolism in the adipose tissue. Decreases in inflammation‐related gene expression may have beneficial effects in relation to cardiometabolic diseases.
Consumption of Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis BB-12 in yogurt reduced expression of TLR-2 on peripheral blood-derived monocytes and pro-inflammatory cytokine secretion in young adults$$$ Purpose: Probiotic bacteria modulate immune parameters and inflammatory outcomes. Emerging evidence demonstrates that the matrix used to deliver probiotics may influence the efficacy of probiotic interventions in vivo. The aims of the current study were to evaluate (1) the effect of one species, Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis BB‐12 at a dose of log10 ± 0.5 CFUs/day on immune responses in a randomized, partially blinded, 4‐period crossover, free‐living study, and (2) whether the immune response to BB‐12 differed depending on the delivery matrix. Methods: Healthy adults (n = 30) aged 18–40 years were recruited and received four treatments in a random order: (A) yogurt smoothie alone$$$ smoothie with BB‐12 added (B) before or (C) after yogurt fermentation, or (D) BB‐12 given in capsule form. At baseline and after each 4‐week treatment, peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) were isolated, and functional and phenotypic marker expression was assessed. Results: BB‐12 interacted with peripheral myeloid cells via Toll‐like receptor 2 (TLR‐2). The percentage of CD14+HLA‐DR+ cells in peripheral blood was increased in male participants by all yogurt‐containing treatments compared to baseline (p = 0.0356). Participants who consumed yogurt smoothie with BB‐12 added post‐fermentation had significantly lower expression of TLR‐2 on CD14+HLA‐DR+ cells (p = 0.0186) and reduction in TNF‐α secretion from BB‐12‐ (p = 0.0490) or LPS‐stimulated (p = 0.0387) PBMCs compared to baseline. Conclusions: These findings not only demonstrate a potential anti‐inflammatory effect of BB‐12 in healthy adults, but also indicate that the delivery matrix influences the immunomodulatory properties of BB‐12.
The impact of probiotic yogurt versus ordinary yogurt on serum sTWEAK, sCD163, ADMA, LCAT and BUN in patients with chronic heart failure: a randomized, triple-blind, controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: To date, no study has investigated the effects of probiotic yogurt as a functional food in patients with chronic heart failure (CHF). Therefore, the aim of this study was to compare the impact of probiotic yogurt versus ordinary yogurt on inflammatory, endothelial, lipid and renal indices in CHF patients. In this randomized, triple‐blind clinical trial, 90 patients with CHF were randomly allocated into two groups to take either probiotic or ordinary yogurt for 10 weeks. Serum levels of soluble tumor necrosis factor‐like weak inducer of apoptosis (sTWEAK), soluble cluster of differentiation 163 (sCD163), asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA), and lecithin cholesterol acyltransferase (LCAT) were measured by using ELISA kits, and blood urea nitrogen (BUN) was measured by calorimetry method at baseline and at the end of trial. The P‐value <0.05 was defined as statistically significant. RESULTS: Seventy‐eight patients completed the study. At the end of the intervention, the levels of sTWEAK in both groups increased significantly, and this increase was greater in the probiotic yogurt group [691.84 (335.60, 866.95)] compared to control group [581.96 (444.99, 929.40)], and the difference between the groups was statistically significant after adjusting for confounders (P‐value: 0.257, adjusted P‐value: 0.038). However, no significant differences were found between the groups in the cases of other study indices. CONCLUSION: Probiotic yogurt may be useful for improving the inflammatory status in patients with CHF through increasing sTWEAK levels, however, further studies are needed in this area. © 2022 Society of Chemical Industry.
Dietary plant stanol ester consumption improves immune function in asthma patients: results of a randomized, double-blind clinical trial$$$ BACKGROUND: In vitro and ex vivo studies have suggested that plant sterols and stanols can shift the T helper (Th) 1/Th2 balance toward a Th1‐type immune response, which may be beneficial in Th2‐dominant conditions such as asthma and allergies. OBJECTIVE: We evaluated in vivo whether plant stanol esters affect the immune response in asthma patients. DESIGN: Fifty‐eight asthma patients participated in a randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled intervention study. All subjects started with a 2‐wk run‐in period in which they consumed 150 mL control soy‐based yogurt without added plant stanol esters/d. Next, an 8‐wk experimental period was started in which one‐half of the participants received plant stanol enriched soy‐based yogurts (4.0 g plant stanols/d), whereas the other one‐half of subjects continued the consumption of control yogurts. After 4 wk of daily plant stanol consumption, all participants were vaccinated against hepatitis A virus (HAV), and the increase of antibody titres was monitored weekly until 4 wk after vaccination. RESULTS: Asthma patients in the plant stanol ester group showed higher antibody titres against HAV 3 and 4 wk after vaccination [19% (P = 0.037) and 22% (P = 0.030), respectively]. Also, substantial reductions in plasma total immunoglobulin E, interleukin (IL)‐1β, and tumor necrosis factor‐α were shown in the plant stanol ester group. The increase in serum plant stanol concentrations was correlated significantly with the decrease in IL‐13 concentrations and the Th1 switch in the Th1/Th2 balance. However, no absolute differences in cytokine production between the plant stanol ester group and the control group were shown. CONCLUSION: To the best of our knowledge, we are among the first authors to show that plant stanol ester consumption improves the immune function in vivo in asthma patients. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01715675.
Treatment of female arousal and orgasmic complaints in a female cancer population treated with zestrar: a topical applied blend of botanical oils$$$ Objective: Cancer treatment including surgery, radiation and cytostatic medications can directly and indirectly impact arousal and orgasmic. Presently, there are no approved products presently available for female sexual orgasm dysfunction (FSOD) and many cancer survivors' women opt for over the counter (OTC) products in an attempt to enhance orgasmic responsivity. In addition, cancer patient remain apprehensive to use topical hormones or novel systemic centrally acting medications. Methods: We present an updated case series of 15 cancer survivors with multiple cancers women who presented with self reported delayed arousal and poor orgasmic response and decreased orgasmic intensity Results: Patient demographics included median age of 55.4 years. The following malignancies were represented in this small case series: Breast, rectal, uterine, ovarian, lung and hematologic. One woman was single and another was divorced whereas 13 were married. All women were sexually active. All were placed on local moisturizers and lubricants to help mitigate these symptoms. Four patients were on concurrent minimally absorbed local intravaginal hormones (3 Estradiol cream, 1 DHEA suppositories). Seven women had laboratory blood testing. Most women had normal hormones though the majority had free testosterone levels in the lower one third for normal range. No patients were on testosterone supplementation. All women had estradiol levels within the menopausal range. Patients were evaluated and assessed using a standardized protocol (previously described) by a sexual medicine gynecologist. All patients reported efficacy with respect to improved intensity of orgasmic response, and decreased latency of time to orgasms after use of the non‐prescription product, ZestraR, a proprietary blend of botanical oils and extracts. No side adverse events were reported and all noted subjective improvement in orgasmic intensity and decreased latency. All reported improved sexual satisfaction at the 4‐week follow up visit. Conclusion: Cancer patients suffer from distressing female sexual problems and treatment for malignancy affects the genital arousal and orgasmic function. Further randomized clinical trial study with standardized screeners and questionnaires with set endpoints is necessary to establish the generalizability of these preliminary case findings.
Comparison of vaginal laser therapy to vaginal estrogen therapy (VELVET) for women with genitourinary syndrome of menopause (GSM)$$$ Objective: To compare 6‐month efficacy and safety for treatment of vaginal dryness/GSM in women undergoing fractionated C02 vaginal laser therapy to women using estrogen vaginal cream. Methods: This multicenter, randomized trial compared fractionated C02 laser to estrogen cream at 6 institutions. We included menopausal women with significant vaginal atrophy symptoms based on a VAS bother score > 7. We excluded women with prolapse >Stage 2, recentpelvic surgery, priormesh surgery, active genital infection, history of estrogen sensitive malignancy, and other autoimmune conditions. The primary outcome was the VAS vaginal dryness score. Secondary outcomes included evaluation of vaginal atrophy (vaginal health index [VHI], vaginal maturation index [VMI]), QoL symptoms (day‐to‐day impact of vaginal aging questionnaire [DIVA]), assessment of sexual function (female sexual function index [FSFI], patient report of sexually activity), and urinary symptoms (urogenital distress inventory [UDI‐6]). Adverse events and patient global impression of improvement (PGI‐I) and satisfaction were also assessed. 85 subjects/group were required for this non‐inferiority trial (90% power, 15% dropout) and an intention‐to‐treat analysis was performed with logistic regression adjusting for baseline differences. Results: ±± 4.6 kg/m and the majority were Caucasian (91.4%). Demographics did not differ between groups except the laser group was less parous [0 (range 0‐4) vs 2 (0‐6), p=0.04]. A summary of 6‐month outcomes is in TABLE 1. On PGI, 85.8% of laser patients rated their improvement as "better or much better" and 78.5% reported being either "satisfied or very satisfied" compared to 70% and 73.3% in the estrogen group$$$ this was not statistically different between groups. 10 adverse events (AE) were either mild or moderate and included vaginal bleeding, pain, and/or discharge, breast tenderness, UTI, migraine, and abdominal cramping. AE's did not differ between groups. On logistic regression, mean difference in FSFI scores was no longer statistically significant$$$ and, VMI scores remained higher in the estrogen group (adj p‐value 0.02)$$$ although, VMI data were only availABLE for 34 subjects (16 laser, 18 estrogen). Due to changes in regulatory requirements, enrollment was halted prior to study completion. Conclusions: At 6‐months, fractionated C02 vaginal laser and vaginal estrogen treatment resulted in similar improvement in GSM symptoms as well as urinary and sexual function. Overall, 70‐80% of patients were satisfied or very satisfied with either treatment and there were no serious adverse events. Funded by a grant from the Foundation for Female Health Awareness (www. femalehealthawareness.org). ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT02691936 [TABLE Presented].
Comparison of Effectiveness of Moringa Oleifera Leaves Extract Gel (2%) with Retino A (0.1%) Cream for Treatment of Oral Leukoplakia: double Blinded Randomized Control Trial$$$ AIM: The study aims to evaluate and compare the efficacy of Moringa oleifera leaf extract gel (2%) & Retino A cream (0.1%) in reducing the size of lesions in oral leukoplakia. OBJECTIVES: The present study aimed to evaluate the efficacy of two interventions, Moringa oleifera mucoadhesive gel and Retino‐A cream, in reducing the size of lesions in patients with oral leukoplakia. Specifically, the objectives were: (1) to assess the efficacy of Moringa oleifera mucoadhesive gel in determining the reduction in lesion size, (2) to assess the efficacy of Retino‐A cream in determining the reduction in lesion size, and (3) to compare the efficacy of Moringa oleifera mucoadhesive gel (2%) in determining the change in lesion size in oral leukoplakia patients. METHODS: Clinically diagnosed cases of oral Leukoplakia were included in this study. The sample size is 72. Thirty‐six patients had lesion sizes ranging from 2‐ 4 cm, and 36 patients had lesion sizes ranging from 4.1 ‐ 6 cm that were equally distributed in the case and control groups using the chit system. The case and control groups had 36 patients with an equal size range of lesions. The case and control group participants will be advised topical application of the intervention and Retino‐A thrice daily using a sterile cotton bud. RESULTS: M. oleifera gel (2%) was found to be more effective in the reduction in the size of the lesion as compared to Retino‐A in the treatment of oral leukoplakia patients. CONCLUSION: This study showed that M. oleifera mucoadhesive gel (2%) is an effective and safe treatment option for oral leukoplakia patients. It demonstrated a significant reduction in lesion size compared to Retino‐A cream (0.1%) after 3 months of therapy, without any reported adverse effects. However, long‐term follow‐up studies are needed to evaluate its long‐term effectiveness. The potent antioxidant property of M. oleifera makes it a promising candidate for further studies with concentration variations and in other potentially malignant oral disorders, such as lichen planus and OSMF. The development of chemotherapeutic drugs from M. oleifera for cancer treatment should also be considered. Overall, M. oleifera appears to be a promising natural alternative to synthetic drugs for the treatment of oral leukoplakia. KEY WORDS: Leukoplakia, Oral leukoplakia, premalignant lesion, precancer, potentially malignant disorders.
27636 Addition of narrow-band ultraviolet light B phototherapy to ruxolitinib cream in patients with vitiligo$$$ Previous reports with Janus kinase (JAK) inhibitors have suggested additional therapeutic benefit with concomitant phototherapy in patients with vitiligo. In a phase 2, randomized, dose‐ranging study in adult patients with vitiligo (NCT03099304), ruxolitinib cream, a JAK1/JAK2 inhibitor, was associated with substantial repigmentation for up to 52 weeks of treatment as assessed by ≥50% improvement in facial and total Vitiligo Area Scoring Index (F‐VASI50 and T‐VASI50). After Week 52, patients were allowed to add narrow‐band ultraviolet‐B (NB‐UVB) therapy while continuing open‐label treatment with twice‐daily 1.5% ruxolitinib cream. Nineteen patients (mean age, 47 years) received add‐on NB‐UVB for ≥12 weeks (mean [range] duration, 40 [15–51] weeks) at various frequencies based on investigator site’s standard phototherapy protocol, most commonly 3 times/week (n = 9). Only 4 patients (21%) had adverse events (AEs$$$ all grade 1/2 in severity) after receiving add‐on NB‐UVB, and no AEs were related to treatment. No AEs related to skin application site reaction, skin malignancies, or laboratory abnormalities were reported. All 19 patients who received ruxolitinib cream with add‐on phototherapy experienced improvement in repigmentation (before vs after add‐on NB‐UVB: F‐VASI75, 42% vs 68%$$$ F‐VASI90, 21% vs 58%$$$ T‐VASI50, 42% vs 68%). The benefit was more apparent in the 12 patients who had not achieved F‐VASI50 at Week 24. In summary, the addition of phototherapy to ruxolitinib cream in patients with vitiligo was well tolerated and demonstrated further improvement in repigmentation. Larger studies are needed to confirm these findings.
Pain reduction in children during port-à-cath catheter puncture using local anaesthesia with EMLA™$$$ INTRODUCTION: Alleviating pain is of high importance for children undergoing chemotherapy. Eutectic mixture of lidocain‐prilocain cream (EMLA) is assumed to require 60 min application time. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We prospectively compared the pain during port‐à‐cath punctures after 40 min compared to 60 min of application time. A prospective, unblinded, cross‐over study was performed. The children received two punctures during their chemotherapy protocol. Patients in group 1 had the first puncture after 40 min EMLA application time. Their second puncture (approximately a week later) was done after 60 min. Patients in group 2 started after 40 min. Pain was scored using the visual analogue scale (VAS) and the Bieri scale. Patients, parents and a nurse scaled the pain after the intervention. Eighty‐seven children between 2 and 18 years with different malignant diseases were included. RESULTS AND DISCUSSION: On the VAS pain scale, the mean pain was 2.3 (minimum 0, maximum 9.2) after 40 min and 1.9 (minimum 0, maximum 9.4) after 60 min according to the observations of the nurse and very similarly according to the parents' observations. The children expressed more pain after 40 min of EMLA application time (mean pain, 3.5) and a significant pain reduction after 60 min application time (mean pain 1.7). CONCLUSION: In this study children experienced less pain after 60 min application time, but pain reduction was already seen after 40 min. The child's perception of pain differed from observers' point of view and should therefore always be included in pain management.
Improvement of Actinic Keratoses Using Topical DNA Repair Enzymes: a Randomized Placebo-Controlled Trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Actinic keratoses (AKs) are proliferations of abnormal keratinocytes, which may progress into non‐melanoma skin cancers. Although multiple treatment modalities exist for AKs, their incidence continues to rise, making new methods of both prevention and treatment necessary. DNA repair enzymes have been shown to reverse sun‐damage, resulting in reduced rates of AKs and non‐melanoma skin cancer (NMSC) in specific patient populations. OBJECTIVE: We investigated the efficacy of a topical DNA repair enzyme lotion as a field therapy for AKs. METHODS: In a single center, randomized double‐blind study, we randomly assigned 15 patients with AKs on their face or scalp to receive topical DNA repair enzyme lotion or placebo (Eucerin Professional lotion). Lotion was self‐applied to a treatment field twice daily for 8 consecutive weeks. Complete clearance (primary outcome) was assessed at week 8, and local reactions were quantitatively measured. Follow‐up at week 12 assessed for continued clearance of AKs. RESULTS: Thirteen subjects completed the trial. Compared to baseline, patients who used the repair enzyme had significantly fewer AKs than those using the control lotion after 8‐weeks treatment. Specifically, there was a 46.6% percent decrease in AKs the DNA repair enzyme lotion group compared to a 32.7% decrease in the placebo group. Significance between the two groups was noted at the12 week follow‐up, where there was an additional 29.2% decrease in AK percentage in the DNA repair enzyme group, while the placebo group had a 31.4% increase in AKs (P=0.0026). On final self‐assessment, 85% of subjects reported being at least "satisfied" with the ability of the medication to decrease their AK burden. No side effects were reported. CONCLUSION: These results suggest that topical DNA repair enzymes may help reduce the number of AKs in individuals with moderate‐to‐severe photodamaged skin. Additionally, there may be a lasting effect of the DNA repair if application is discontinued. Further, cutaneous malignancies were not detected in any of the subjects during the study period. Despite the brevity of the study, these preliminary results suggest the role of DNA repair enzymes for not only treatment, but also skin cancer prevention. Further study and more objective evaluation measures are required for definitive conclusions to be drawn. J Drugs Dermatol. 2017$$$16(10):1030‐1034..
651 Risk factors for recurrence with topical imiquimod cream for lentigo maligna: survival analysis with 17 years follow-up$$$ Topical imiquimod 5% cream has been investigated as an off‐label primary or adjuvant treatment for melanoma in situ lentigo maligna (LM) type, although long‐term follow‐up data are lacking. In this single‐institution retrospective analysis we evaluated treatment response and recurrence from 2002‐2019 for LM treated with primary or adjuvant topical imiquimod (5%) with or without tazarotene gel 0.1% as pretreatment. 98 patients were identified with a total of 103 lesions analyzed. Mean follow‐up time was 5.9 years (SD: 5.2), with 29.1% of cases having >10 years follow‐up. The overall response rate was 97.1%. There were 3 treatment non‐responders and 8 local recurrences (8/100 lesions, 8.0%) developing at an average of 2.9 years after treatment (SD: 2.7 years). Risk factors for recurrence were analyzed using survival analysis (recurrence‐free survival with Kaplan‐Meier Curves). Significant variables included history of a failed excision prior to imiquimod therapy (p= 0.03) and clinical clearance (p= 0.01). Variables which tended towards significance included <60 applications (p= 0.08) and an insufficient overall treatment (a combination of # of applications, # of weeks, # applications/week, and tazarotene pretreatment: p= 0.10). Non‐significant variables included age (>65), size (>1.0 cm), and histologic clearance. Our analysis supports previously published literature, while overcoming barriers in sample size and follow‐up time to present a novel survival analysis from this large cohort. Our observed low recurrence in a large case series with long‐term follow‐up suggests the efficacy of topical 5% imiquimod for LM and emphasizes the need for randomized control trials comparing imiquimod to conventional/staged surgery.
Topical betamethasone valerate as a prophylactic agent to prevent acute radiation dermatitis in head and neck malignancies: a randomised, open-label, phase 3 trial$$$ PURPOSE: We assessed the role of topical betamethasone as a prophylactic agent in patients receiving radiation for head and neck malignancies. PATIENTS AND METHODS: This randomised, open‐ label, phase 3 trial was done in a single research institute. Patients receiving curative radiation for head and neck cancer were randomised into 2 groups of 75 each by computer‐generated permuted block random assignment. Patients in test arm applied 0.1% topical betamethasone valerate cream once a day, after radiation. Patients in the control arm received best supportive care. RTOG acute toxicity grading scale was used to assess radiation dermatitis after every 5th fraction till completion and at 2 weeks post treatment. Primary outcome in both arms was the proportion of patients who developed grade 2 and 3 acute skin reaction. The trial is registered at Central Trial Registry of India(CTRI), No: CTRI/2017/04/008298. RESULT(S): Between April 15 2017 and October 30 2018,150 patients were randomised into the study, 75 in each arm.14 and 15 patients in test and control arm respectively did not complete the intended treatment. As per intention to treat analysis, 25/75 patients (33.3%) and 38/75 patients (50.7%) developed Grade 2 and above radiation dermatitis in the test and control arm respectively, (absolute difference 17.4%, 95% CI: 4 ‐ 30$$$ p = 0.032).15/75 patients (20%) developed Grade 3 reactions in the test arm compared to 18/75 (24%) in the control arm (absolute difference 4%, 95% CI: 7 ‐15$$$ p = 0.554). CONCLUSION(S): Although prophylactic use of betamethasone significantly reduced the composite outcome of the proportion of patients developing grade 2 and Grade 3 radiation dermatitis it did not reduce the proportion of patients developing the clinically significant outcome of Grade 3 radiation dermatitis.Copyright © 2020. Published by Elsevier Inc.
The effects of combination of perianal-intrarectal lidocaineprilocaine cream and periprostatic nerve block for pain control during transrectal ultrasound guided biopsy of the prostate: a randomized, controlled trial$$$ Hypothesis / aims of study Transrectal ultrasound guided prostate biopsy (TRUS‐Bx) is painful method of prostate cancer detection. About 65% to 90% of patient reported have discomfort and and 20% of them experienced severe pain (1). If the proper pain‐alleviating method is applied, it can support the compliance of the patients, and make it easier to get a patient agreement if re‐biopsy is needed. Pain during TRUS‐Bx has a 2‐fold source, originating from the insertion and permanence of the TRUS probe in the rectum, which is innervated below the dentate line by the inferior rectal branches of the pudendal nerve, and from multiple needle punctures through the prostate capsule, which is innervated by autonomic branches of the neurovascular bundles running between the posterolateral aspect of the prostate and rectum (2). Peri‐prostatic nerve block (PPNB) is gold standard for pain control during TRUS‐Bx (3). However, this manner only is not enough to control the pain which arises when the transducer goes through anus. We tested the efficacy and safety of combination of perianal‐intrarectal lidocaine‐prilocaine cream with periprostatic nerve block during prostate needle biopsy. Study design, materials and methods From October 2007 to August 2009, we conducted prospective randomized‐controlled study. Patients who satisfied certain criteria were enrolled in this study, including patients with increased PSA with or without abnormal digital rectal examination and those with lesion suspected malignancy on TRUS with or without abnormal digital rectal examination. Exclusion criteria were as follows: history of previous prostate biopsy, chronic prostatalgia, anal diseases such as anal fissure, hemorrhoid, anal surgical history, chronic prostatitis/pelvic pain syndrome, concomitant analgesic medication, any other medical condition interfering with pain assessment, a history of warfarin treatment or bleeding tendency and impaired intellectual ability. A total of 74 men were randomized by a computer generated schedule into two groups. In group 1 (n = 36), patients received combination of perianalintrarectal lidocaine‐prilocaine cream with periprostatic nerve block, and group 2 (n = 38), they received lubricant jelly and periprostatic nerve block. After 30 minute with the left lateral decubitus position, TRUS‐Bx was performed and 12 systematic prostatic cores, including 6 parasagittal and 6 laterally targeted biopsies covering the base, mid zones and apexes, were obtained using an 18 gauge spring loaded biopsy gun. Pain is evaluated with a 10‐point visual analog scale (VAS) at three hours after the biopsy. All the patients were discharged after checking if they had complications such as gross hematuria, rectal bleeding, voiding difficulty and fever. A week later, they were followed up to see the result of the biopsy and other side effects. The primary outcome was the pain score on VAS 3‐hours after the biopsy. Results Mean patient age, serum PSA, total prostate volume were similar between the two groups (Table 1). 26 patients (35%) were diagnosed with prostate cancer$$$ 13 patients belonged to the group 1 (36%), 13 to the group 2 (34%), which was no significantly different between two groups. The mean VAS score in group 1 was significantly lower than that in group 2 (2.2 vs. 3.0$$$ p=0.001). Also there was a significant difference in the percentage of the patients who marked 3 or more on VAS (44% in the group 1 vs. 65% in the group 2). There was no general or local adverse effect associated with the anesthetics. There were only minor complications such as mild gross hematuria, mild hematochezia and hemospermia. Mild gross hematuria occurred in 33 patients, mild hematochezia in 3, and acute urinary retention in 1All patients recovered with conservative management and no patient needed hospitalization due to complications. There was no difference in complication rates between two groups. Interpretation of results Pains during prostate needle biopsy are usually responsible for two main factors: anal discomfort due to the ultrasound probe and pain due to insertion of needles through the prostate gland (2). PPNB is effective when biopsy needle pierces the rectal wall, but when ultrasound probe penetrated the rectum‐related pain is not sufficient. Lidocaine‐prilocaine cream can reduce the pain as ultrasound probe penetrate the anus and rectum. Our results suggested that combination of intrarectal lidocaineprilocaine cream with PPNB was more effective in pain control during TRUS‐Bx than PPNB only. Concluding message A combination of perianal‐intrarectal lidocaine‐prilocaine cream and periprostatic nerve block is an effective and useful technique that is well tolerated by the patient with minimal complications. This safe, simple technique can be considered before prostate needle biopsy to reduce patient discomfort (Table persented).
Treatment of basal cell carcinoma with sequential photodynamic therapy and imiquimod cream may improve long-term patient outcomes$$$ Photodynamic therapy (PDT) and the topical immunomodulator imiquimod 5% cream are both established modalities for the treatment of superficial basal cell carcinomas (sBCCs). PDT response rates are in the region of 90% at 3 months with recurrence rates of up to 22% after 24 month follow‐up. Imiquimod response rates are in the region of 80% at 3 months with recurrence rates of 20% at 24 months. Treatments are continually sought that reduce recurrence rates and the associated patient morbidity, as well as the economic burden associated with this common cutaneous malignancy. Recent studies suggest that PDT and imiquimod act on sBCCs via immunomodulatry pathways with potentially synergistic effects. Individual case reports have demonstrated good therapeutic efficacy of sequential PDT and imiquimod treatment. We report the clinical outcomes from a patient cohort with sBCCs. 17 patients (10 male and 7 female) aged 26‐93 (mean age 62) with biopsy proven sBCCs underwent two cycles of topical MAL PDT one week apart. Two weeks after completing PDT, patients received a four‐week course of topical imiquimod 5% cream. Review took place at 3, 6, 12, and 24 months after completion of treatment. Outcome measures included resolution of the index lesion, treatment side effects, cosmetic outcome and recurrence. Median follow‐up was 14 months (range 7 to 26). 16 (94%) patients demonstrated complete resolution of the index lesion at 3 month follow‐up. One patient (6%) demonstrated partial resolution of a large multifocal sBCC on the back, which was successfully treated with excision of the residual area. On completion of therapy, two patients (12%) experienced persistent erythema and one (6%) post‐inflammatory hyperpigmentation as local side‐effects. Cosmetic outcome was deemed very good or excellent in 14 (82%) and good in three patients (18%). One patient (6%) developed a recurrence 12 months after treatment. Sequential use of PDT and imiquimod 5% cream is effective in the treatment of sBCCs, and may offer increased efficacy and reduced recurrence rates compared with either treatment in isolation. Treatment is well tolerated and the side effects experienced are no higher than those reported for the individual therapies. A three‐arm prospective randomized controlled trial with a cross‐over design for sequential treatment is now warranted to compare treatment protocols.
A randomized clinical trial comparing vaginal laser therapy to vaginal estrogen therapy in women with genitourinary syndrome of menopause: the VeLVET Trial$$$ OBJECTIVE: The aim of the study was to compare 6‐month efficacy and safety for treatment of vaginal dryness/genitourinary syndrome of menopause in women undergoing fractionated CO2 vaginal laser therapy to women using estrogen vaginal cream. METHODS: This multicenter, randomized trial compared fractionated CO2 laser to estrogen cream at 6 institutions. We included menopausal women with significant vaginal atrophy symptoms and we excluded women with prolapse below stage 2, recent pelvic surgery, prior mesh surgery, active genital infection, history of estrogen sensitive malignancy, and other autoimmune conditions. The primary outcome was the visual analog scale vaginal dryness score. Secondary outcomes included evaluation of vaginal atrophy, quality of life symptoms, assessment of sexual function, and urinary symptoms. Adverse events (AEs) and patient global impression of improvement (PGI‐I) and satisfaction were also assessed. RESULTS: Sixty‐nine women were enrolled in this trial before enrollment was closed due to the Federal Drug Administration requiring the sponsor to obtain and maintain an Investigational Device Exemption. Of the 69 participants enrolled, 62 completed the 6‐month protocol$$$ 30 women were randomized to the laser and 32 to estrogen cream from June 2016 to September 2017. Demographics did not differ between groups except the laser group was less parous (0 [range 0‐4] vs 2 [0‐6], P = 0.04). On patient global impression, 85.8% of laser participants rated their improvement as "better or much better" and 78.5% reported being either "satisfied or very satisfied" compared to 70% and 73.3% in the estrogen group$$$ this was not statistically different between groups. On linear regression, mean difference in female sexual function index scores was no longer statistically significant$$$ and, vaginal maturation index scores remained higher in the estrogen group (adj P value 0.02)$$$ although, baseline and 6‐month follow‐up vaginal maturation index data were only available for 34 participants (16 laser, 18 estrogen). CONCLUSIONS: At 6 months, fractionated CO2 vaginal laser and vaginal estrogen treatment resulted in similar improvement in genitourinary syndrome of menopause symptoms as well as urinary and sexual function. Overall, 70% to 80% of participants were satisfied or very satisfied with either treatment and there were no serious adverse events. : Video Summary:http://links.lww.com/MENO/A470.
The effect of betamethasone cream in preventing radiation skin reaction in head and neck cancers$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Topical 0.1% Betamethasone Valerate: Betamethasone cream topical application is the intervention. An even coating of 0.1% Betomethasone will be applied over the entire radiation field within an hour of the daily radiation treatment by the nursing staff.Onefinger tip unit (FTU) is the amount of cream that is squeezed out along an adultâ??s finger tip,that is from the very end of the finger to the first crease in the finger.As a guide one FTU is enough to cover an area twice the size of adult hand.Cream will be applied during the course of radiation(around 6 weeks) and till 2 weeks after radiation Control Intervention1: group receiving institutional standard: group receiving institutional standard which includes advising to wash the irradiated area gently and dry the area with a soft towel. They are advised to wear loose fitting cotton clothes. They are adviced not to scratch the irradiated area. Emolients are advised if they have severe itching. CONDITION: Patients getting Radical Radiotherapy in Head and Neck malignancies PRIMARY OUTCOME: efficacy of 0.1% Topical Betamethasone cream in decreasing the proportion of patients with Grade 2,3,4 radiation dermatitis in Head and Neck malignancies‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: from start of radiotherapy to 2 weeks following completion SECONDARY OUTCOME: To assess patientsâ?? skin related quality of life using EORTC QLQ‐H&N 35 quality of life scores $$$ ‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: At start of treatment and completion of treatment To assess toxicities of topical application of 0.1% Betamethasone cream. $$$ ‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: From start of radiotherapy to 2 weeks following completion To evaluate 0.1% Topical Betamethasone cream as an interventional agent in Radiation dermatitis based on time to develop grade 2,3,4 dermatitis $$$ $$$ ‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: from start of radiotherapy to 2 weeks following completion INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients should be recieving radical RT,With ECOG 1&2
It's a kind of magic! the unexpected impact of a systematic in-patient controlled clinical trial on patient well-being$$$ Purpose behind Innovation: Breast cancer is the most common malignancy for women in New Zealand, the majority receiving radiation therapy as part of their treatment regimen. Radiation‐induced skin toxicities occur in a large proportion of patients yet currently there is no standard treatment for them, practice largely being based on historical and anecdotal evidence. Technique/Process Used: As radiation therapy techniques become increasingly complex and practice focuses on the greater good of the patient, some crossing of professional boundaries will occur. In a first for New Zealand, we instigated radiation therapist (RT)‐led on‐treatment review clinics for breast cancer patients which saw us step into an area that is traditionally considered the domain of medics. This led to clinical trials, initiated and managed by RTs, aimed at providing the authentication for our emerging evidence‐based practice. One trial in particular had significant ramifications for our practice. The randomised controlled multi‐centre trial compared the efficacy of silicon foam dressing with the standard treatment of aqueous cream. A total of 104 patients were enrolled, the majority receiving 50Gy in 25 fractions. Toxicities were assessed three times a week using the Radiation‐Induced Skin Reaction Scale with patients doubling as their own controls to eliminate confounding patient and treatment‐related factors. The trial endpoint was moist desquamation (MD). Benefits/Challenges: Statistical analysis, using ANOVA design of repeated measurement of paired patches together with the non‐parametric Wilcoxon signed rank test, clearly demonstrated a significant toxicity decrease (42%$$$ p<0.001). An intriguing incongruity emerged when the percentage of our patients progressing to MD‐14% control$$$ 0% trial area‐was compared with those from other centres‐44% control$$$ 24% trial area. Future Work/Implications: Analysis of this disparity resulted in a substantial change in our practice, allowing us to capitalise on these enhanced patient outcomes. Further research examining the correlation between the levels of holistic care afforded to patients and the intensity of reactions experienced/observed is also underway.
Change in fatty acid composition of serum lipids in obese females after short-term weight-reducing regimen with the addition of n-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids in comparison to controls$$$ Short‐term weight‐reducing regimens were shown to influence fatty acid composition of serum lipids unfavorably. Adding long chain n‐3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n‐3 LC PUFA) to a low‐calorie diet (LCD) could avoid these changes. The aim of this study was to examine the effect of a short‐term in‐patient weight‐reducing regimen including LCD with yogurt enriched by low doses of n‐3 PUFA (n‐3 LCD). The enriched yogurt contained 790 mg of fish oil, predominantly eicosapentaenoic (20:5n‐3$$$ EPA) and docosahexaenoic (22:6n‐3$$$ DHA). Forty obese women were randomly assigned to the group consuming LCD and joghurt either with or without n‐3 enrichment. Following the 3‐week diet in the n‐3 LCD group a significantly higher increase in the proportion of n‐3 LC PUFA (sum of n‐3 FA, EPA and DHA) in serum lipids was confirmed. In phospholipids (PL) a significant difference in the sum of n‐6 fatty acids was found, a decrease in the n‐3 LCD group and an increase in LCD group. Significantly higher increase in the PL palmitate (16:0) was shown in the LCD group. The results suggest that low doses of n‐3 fatty acid enrichment can help to avoid unfavorable changes in fatty acid composition in serum lipids after a short‐term weight‐reducing regimen.
Comprehensive lifestyle intervention vs soy protein-based meal regimen in non-alcoholic steatohepatitis$$$ BACKGROUND: Non‐alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) has become one of the leading causes of liver disease in the western world. In obese patients weight reduction is recommended. Up to now there are no specific guidelines for weight loss in order to reduce hepatic fat content. AIM: To investigate the effects of a 24‐wk guided lifestyle intervention program compared to a meal replacement regimen based on soy protein. METHODS: Twenty‐six subjects with NASH participated in a randomized single‐center study. They were randomly assigned to either meal replacement group (MR‐G) with soy‐yogurt‐honey preparation or to guided lifestyle change group (LC‐G) with endurance activity and nutrition counselling. Serum alanine transaminase (ALT), aspartate transaminase (AST), lipid parameters, and adipokines were measured. Liver fat content and lipid composition were determined by magnetic resonance imaging and magnetic resonance spectroscopy. Body fat mass and lean body mass were assessed using Bod Pod® device. Pre‐ and post‐intervention monitoring of parameters was performed. Statistical analyses were conducted with SPSS software, results were expressed as median (interquartile range). RESULTS: Twenty‐two subjects (MR‐G, n = 11 and LC‐G, n = 11) completed the study (9 women, 13 men$$$ age 52.1 (15.0) years, body mass index (BMI) 32.3 (3.3) kg/m²). In both groups a significant weight loss was achieved (MR‐G: ‐6.4 (3.6) kg, P < 0.01$$$ LC‐G: ‐9.1 (10.4) kg, P < 0.01). BMI dropped in both groups (MR‐G: ‐2.3 (1.5) kg/m2, P = 0.003$$$ LC‐G: ‐3.0 (3.4) kg/m2, P = 0.006). Internal fat and hepatic lipid content were markedly reduced in both groups in comparable amount. There was a strong correlation between reduction in liver fat and decrease in ALT. Likewise, both groups showed an improvement in glycemic control and lipid profile. Changes in adipokines, particularly in adiponectin and leptin were closely related to intrahepatic lipid changes. CONCLUSION: Comprehensive lifestyle intervention and meal replacement regimen have comparable effects on body and liver fat, as well as decrease in markers of hepatic inflammation among NASH patients.
Zinc supplementation in patients with Head and Neck Cancer in Radiotherapy$$$ INTERVENTION: D01.268.556.940 Experimental group: 59 adult patients will receive a new formulation of zinc supplementation (once a day orally), in suspension presentation, containing chelated zinc (bisciglinate) at a dose of 20mg daily (20mg of elemental zinc) according to the International Dietary Recommendations (DRIs). Placebo group: 59 patients will receive the same formulation (once a day orally) without zinc and in the same presentation. To identify, classify and measure dysgeusia, all research participants, that is, the placebo group and the experimental group will indispensably carry out the sensory analysis, at the initial moment T1 (Day 1 of radiotherapy) and at the final moment T30 (Day 1). 30 of radiotherapy). The sensory analysis will be carried out with four preparations (honey, lemon juice, boldo tea, and natural yogurt with mango and salt), stored in stainless steel pots in liquid consistency, 50 ml of each sample must be portioned into four thermal cups of disposable styrofoam, with individual lids already arranged and properly coded in a tray containing straw for each test. After tasting the food samples, the descriptive test will be applied, using a scale to evaluate the sensory attributes related to flavor and then another verbal, numerical, and unipolar 5‐point scale to determine the intensity of sweet flavors, salty, bitter, and sour present in the samples. The study will be randomized and controlled and composed of two groups: a control group that will receive the placebo, and the experimental group, which will undergo zinc supplementation. Randomization will be performed using the Randomizer Software (https://www.randomizer.org). The researcher performing the randomization will not have contact with any participants during the study and will not be involved in the recruitment CONDITION: Dysgeusia E02.815 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Measure dysgeusia by the perception of flavors such as “sweet, salty, sour, bitter and tasteless” and the intensity in the following variants: “very strong, strong, moderate, weak, very weak”, through sensory analysis. To compare the degree of dysgeusia obtained between time T1 and T30 of zinc supplementation and to compare the experimental and control groups after 30 days of radiotherapy using the supplement. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Assess food acceptance according to the percentage obtained by the validated tool BRASPEN Follow the weight monitored by the nutritional assessment. To analyze adherence to supplementation assessed by the Morisky‐Green scale and vial count. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients with head and neck cancer$$$ age between 19 and 65 years$$$ under radiotherapy treatment, of both genders.
Effect of Pretreatment with Lactobacillus delbrueckii and Streptococcus thermophillus on Tailored Triple Therapy for Helicobacter pylori Eradication: a Prospective Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Helicobacter pylori plays an important role in gastric cancer and typical eradication regimens are no longer effective in many countries, including Thailand. The aim of our study was to compare the effect of Lactobacillus delbrueckii and Streptococcus thermophillus on tailored triple therapy for Helicobacter pylori eradication. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This prospective single‐center study was conducted in Thailand. Helicobacter pylori associated gastritis patients were randomized to 2 groups: group 1 (n=100) was tailored triple therapy with placebo (esomeprazole 20 mg bid, clarithromycin 500 mg bid or metronidazole 400 mg tid if clarithromycin resistance and amoxicillin 1000 mg bid), and group 2 was tailored triple therapy plus pretreatment with probiotic containing yogurt. Successful eradication was defined as both negative histology and negative rapid urease test at four weeks after treatment. RESULTS: A total of 200 infected patients were enrolled. PP analysis involved 194 patients: 96 in the tailored triple therapy with placebo group (group 1) and 98 the in tailored triple therapy plus pretreatment with probiotic containing yogurt group (group 2). Successful eradication was observed in 170 (87.6%) patients$$$ by PP analysis, the eradication rate was significantly higher in group 2 (P=0.04, 95%CI$$$ 0.02‐0.13) than in group 1. ITT analysis also showed that the value was significantly higher in the tailored triple threapy plus pretreatment with probiotic containing yogurt group (group 2) (89/100$$$ 89%) than in the tailored triple therapy with placebo group (group 1) (P=0.01, 95%CI$$$ 0.04‐0.15). In terms of adverse events, there was no significant difference between the two groups. CONCLUSIONS: Pretreatment with probiotic containing yogurt can improve Helicobacter pylori eradication rates with tailored triple therapy. Adding probiotics does not reduce adverse effects of the medication.
Olive oil aroma extract modulates cerebral blood flow in gustatory brain areas in humans$$$ BACKGROUND: Low‐ and high‐fat meals affect homeostatic and gustatory brain areas differentially. In a previous study, we showed that a high‐fat meal decreased cerebral blood flow (CBF) in homeostatic brain areas (hypothalamus), whereas a low‐fat meal increased CBF in gustatory regions (anterior insula). OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to investigate the long‐lasting effect of fat‐free flavor‐active compounds of olive oil on the brain and whether those aroma components can trigger fat‐associated brain responses in homeostatic and gustatory regions. DESIGN: Eleven healthy male subjects participated in a functional magnetic resonance imaging study. On 2 measurement days, subjects consumed single‐blinded a plain low‐fat yogurt or low‐fat yogurt mixed with a fat‐free aroma extract of olive oil. Resting CBF was measured before and 30 and 120 min after yogurt intake. Hunger was rated before each measurement. Blood samples were collected at 6 time points. RESULTS: The extract‐containing yogurt elicited higher CBF in the frontal operculum 30 and 120 min after a meal. Furthermore, the activity change in the anterior insula after 30 min correlated positively with the glucose change in the extract condition only. No effects were observed in the hypothalamus. CONCLUSIONS: The anterior insula and the frontal operculum are regarded as the primary taste cortex. Modulation of the frontal operculum by the yogurt containing the olive oil extract suggests that it might be possible to simulate fat‐triggered sensations in the brain on the gustatory level, possibly by ingredients the body implicitly associates with fat. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01716286.
EFFECT OF PROBIOTICS FOR THE PREVENTION OF ACUTE RADIATION-INDUCED DIARRHOEA AMONG CERVICAL CANCER PATIENTS$$$ INTERVENTION: Biogurt Â® ‐ each capsule contains: Functional yogurt 300 mg containing 1.75 billion lyophilized live Lactobacillus acidophilus LA‐5 plus Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis BB‐12 (produced by Fame Pharmaceuticals, Myanmar, Reg No. ‐ TMR 011383 (0615), MFD ‐ April, 2016, EXP ‐ April, 2018) The probiotic group was given one capsule three times daily (each capsule contains: Functional yogurt 300 mg containing 1.75 billion lyophilized live Lactobacillus acidophilus LA‐5 plus Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis BB‐12), beginning from the first day of radiotherapy, continuing every day until the end of radiotherapy. , The placebo group received the placebo capsules (containing starch of equal weight as the study drug) which had identical colour and size as the study drug. The treatment schedule was the same as that of the study group. CONDITION: Probiotics, Lactobacillus acidophilus, Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. Lactis, Radiation‐induced diarrhoea, cervical cancer Radiation‐induced diarrhoea $$$ Probiotics, Lactobacillus acidophilus, Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. Lactis, Radiation‐induced diarrhoea, cervical cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: incidence of radiation‐induced diarrhoea [Timeframe assessed everyday with face‐to‐face interview percentage] Severity of the radiation‐induced diarrhoea â?? by Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (C [Timeframe daily Grades â?? face‐to‐face interview] SECONDARY OUTCOME: Dose of Loperamide [Timeframe daily mg, face‐to‐face interview, ] Episode of abdominal pain in days [Timeframe daily days, face‐to‐face interview, ] Interruption of radiotherapy due to diarrhoea [Timeframe daily percentage, face‐to‐face interview, ] Onset of radiation‐induced diarrhoea [Timeframe daily Days/Gray face‐to‐face interview] Severity of abdominal pain â?? (CTCAE Version 4.0) [Timeframe daily grades, face‐to‐face interview] The time to the use of loperamide from the start of radiation [Timeframe daily days, face‐to‐face interview, ] The use of the antidiarrhoeal medication â?? loperamide [Timeframe daily percentage, face‐to‐face interview, ] INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Patients with the cervical cancer (FIGO staging â?? I B and above) who will receive external beam radiotherapy for a minimum of 40 Gy at pelvis level with or without concurrent chemotherapy 2. Age â?? above 18 years 3. Patients with the ECOG performance status (0‐2)
Post-aesthetic surgery scars: the challenge of perfection, and the importance of choosing the best treatment$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIMS. This study highlights the importance of treating and monitoring wounds, and compares two common topical treatments applied to two scars on a patient who underwent bilateral cosmetic surgery. One of the treatments consisted of topically applying a cream with silver sulfadiazine, vitamin A and lidocaine, while the other consisted of applying a moisturizer with no active ingredient. METHODS. A prospective, comparative, controlled, double‐blind, randomized study was conducted. 32 patients (22‐50 years old) participated in the study: 24 with bilateral breast implants and 8 with face and neck lifts, which represents a total of 64 scars. Exclusion criteria: hypersensitivity to silver, malignant diseases, rheumatic or collagen diseases, decompensated diabetes, organ failure and morbid obesity, last trimester of pregnancy. Both post‐surgery scars (right and left) of each of the patients randomly received one of two topical treatments under study. Patients were monitored for one month after the treatment commenced (basal, at day 6, 9, 16, 23, 30). Registration methods use: Linear and superficial scar measurement, Vancouver Scar (VSS) and Patient and Observer Scar Assessment Scale (POSAS). Sample size: 54 scars (90% power). RESULTS. The scars treated with active ingredients resulted in significantly better quality statistically, showed a higher percentage of decrease in surface area and were considered better by the patient (p ≤ 0.05). CONCLUSIONS. This study proposes a new approach to post‐aesthetic surgery wounds and highlights the importance of using a topical treatment with Silver Sulfadiazine, Lidocaine and Vitamin A to achieve faster and better quality healing and superior patient perception regarding their scar.
Improved eradication rate of standard triple therapy by adding bismuth and probiotic supplement for Helicobacter pylori treatment in Thailand$$$ BACKGROUND: Helicobacter pylori (H. pylori) remains an important cause of gastric cancer and peptic ulcer disease worldwide. Treatment of H. pylori infection is one of the effective ways to prevent gastric cancer. However, standard triple therapy for H. pylori eradication is no longer effective in many countries, including Thailand. This study was designed to evaluate the efficacy of adding bismuth and probiotic to standard triple therapy for H. pylori eradication. MATERIALS AND METHODS: In this prospective single center study, H. pylori infected gastritis patients were randomized to receive 7‐ or 14‐day standard triple therapy plus bismuth with probiotic or placebo. Treatment regimen consisted of 30 mg lansoprazole twice daily, 1 g amoxicillin twice daily, 1 g clarithromycin MR once daily and 1,048 mg bismuth subsalicylate twice daily. Probiotic bacteria composed of Bifidobacterium lactis, Lactobacillus acidophilus and Lactobacillus paracasei. Placebo was conventional drinking yogurt without probiotic. CYP2C19 genotyping and antibiotic susceptibility tests were also done. H pylori eradication was defined as a negative 13C‐urea breath test at least 2 weeks after completion of treatment. RESULTS: One hundred subjects were enrolled (25 each to 7‐ and 14‐day regimens with probiotic or placebo). Antibiotic susceptibility tests showed 36.7% metronidazole and 1.1% clarithromycin resistance. CYP2C19 genotyping revealed 40.8%, 49% and 10.2% were rapid, intermediate and poor metabolizers, respectively. The eradication rates of 7‐ or 14 regimens with probiotics were 100%. Regarding adverse events, the incidence of bitter taste was significantly lower in the 7‐ day regimen with the probiotic group compared with 7‐ day regimen with placebo (40% vs. 64%$$$ p=0.04). CONCLUSIONS: The 7‐day standard triple therapy plus bismuth and probiotic can provide an excellent cure rate of H. pylori (100%) in areas with low clarithromycin resistance such as Thailand, regardless of CYP2C19 genotype. Adding a probiotic also reduced treatment‐related adverse events.
Yogurt consumption and estrogen metabolism in healthy premenopausal women$$$ Dietary modification of intestinal microflora by yogurt or Lactobacilli supplementation has been shown to decrease fecal β‐glucuronidase activity, thereby possibly affecting estrogen metabolism and lowering breast cancer risk. To determine if yogurt consumption modifies fecal β‐glucuronidase activity and plasma and urine estrogen concentrations, 16 women (24.8 ± 1.0 y$$$ mean ± SEM) were assigned randomly to two groups, control (CON$$$n=7) or yogurt treatment (YOG$$$n=9). Control subjects refrained from yogurt consumption for three months, whereas the YOG group consumed two cups (454 g/d) of commercially produced yogurt made with a culture (1:1 ratio) of Lactobacillus delbrueckii ssp bulgaricus and Lactococcus salivarius ssp thermophilus (>107 colony forming units/g yogurt) for three consecutive months. Prior yogurt consumption did not exceed 4‐6 cups/month and subjects consumed their usual diets during the study. Three‐day diet records, fasting mid‐luteal blood, and 24 h urine collections were obtained during three consecutive clays of subjects' first‐, second‐, and fourth‐menstrual cycles. Fecal samples were collected once during each menstrual cycle. Dietary nutrient intakes were not significantly different within or between groups throughout the study. The YOG group was consuming a low‐fat diet (19‐22% of total calories). Fecal β‐glucuronidase activity and plasma and urinary estrone and estradiol‐17β concentrations were assessed following baseline and months one and three for CON and YOG consumers. No significant differences were observed within or between groups for any of the aforementioned biochemical variables. In conclusion, three months of yogurt consumption did not alter fecal β‐glucuronidase activity or plasma and urine estrogen concentrations.
Improve eradication rate of standard triple therapy by adding bismuth and probiotic supplement for H. Pylori treatment in Thailand$$$ Objective: Standard triple therapy for H. pylori eradication is no longer effective in many countries including Thailand. This study designed to evaluate efficacy of adding bismuth and probiotic to standard triple therapy for H. pylori eradication in Thailand. Method: This prospective single center study was done. H. pylori infected gastritis patients were randomized to 7‐ or 14‐day standard triple therapy plus bismuth with probiotic or placebo. Treatment regimen consisted of bismuth subsalicylate (524) 2 tab twice daily, lansoprazole (30 mg) twice daily, amoxicillin 1 g twice daily and clarithromycin MR 1 g once daily. Probiotic bacteria were composed of Bifidobacterium lactis, Lactobacillus acidophilus and Lactobacillus paracasei. Placebo was drinking yogurt without probiotic. CYP2C19 genotyping and antibiotic susceptibility tests were done. H. pylori eradication was evaluated by 13C‐UBT 2 weeks or more after treatment. Results: 100 subjects were enrolled (25 each to 7‐ and 14‐day regimens with probiotic or placebo). Antibiotic susceptibility testing showed 36.7% metronidazole and 1.1% of clarithromycin resistances. CYP2C19 genotyping revealed 40.8% RM, 49% IM and 10.2% PM. Eradication rate with 7‐ or 14 regimens with probiotic achieved eradication rate of 100%. Interestingly, side effects with bitter taste in 7‐day regimen with probiotic was significant less than 7‐day regimen with placebo (40% vs 64%$$$ p ‐value = 0.04). Conclusion: 7‐day standard triple therapy plus bismuth and probiotic provided excellent cure rate (100%) regardless of CYP2C19 genotype with less adverse reactions in low clarithromycin resistance area. 7‐day standard triple therapy can return to clinical practice by adding bismuth and probiotic.
The Effectiveness of Yogurt+ Probiotic on Chemotherapy-Related Diarrhea in Patients with Colorectal Cancer: a Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Background: Chemotherapy‐related diarrhea reduces patients' quality of life and sometimes changes or interrupts their treatment regimen. This study aimed to evaluate the effect of yogurt with probiotics on diarrhea caused by chemotherapy. Method: The present study was a randomized controlled clinical trial. The sample consisted of 66 patients with colorectal cancer, recruited with convenience sampling method from patients who were referred to Buali Hospital of Tehran. The samples were randomly divided into three groups. The first group received yogurt with probiotics, the second group received yogurt alone, and the third group of control did not use yogurt during treatment. Data were gathered using the diarrhea section of adverse events. The number of defecations, the severity of diarrhea, and the consistency of stool in the seven days of the intervention were compared among the three groups. Analysis of variance and Tukey's post hoc test were performed through SPSS software. Results: The number of defecations in the yogurt group with probiotics and yogurt was significantly lower than the control group (P < 0.05). The severity of diarrhea in the yogurt group with probiotics decreased more rapidly (P < 0.05). Stool consistency in the yogurt group with probiotics was significantly better than the control group (P < 0.05). Conclusion: Based on the results of the present study, yogurt with probiotics can reduce and improve diarrhea caused by chemotherapy. The results also showed that yogurt alone can reduce diarrhea and improve its symptoms.
Effect of a high cheese intake compared to high-fat meat or carbohydrate on cardiovascular risk markers in overweight postmenopausal women$$$ Background: Effects of saturated fat on LDL‐C concentration might depend on nutrients and specific saturated fatty acids in the food. A recent observational study found dairy saturated fat to be inversely associated and meat saturated fat to be positively associated with CVD risk. Objective: To explore the effect of replacing SFA from cheese with SFA primarily from meat or with carbohydrate in iso‐caloric diets on blood lipids, lipoproteins and fecal excretion of fat and bile acids. Methods: The study was a randomized crossover open‐label intervention, in 14 overweight postmenopausal women, with three full‐diet periods of two‐week duration separated by two‐week wash out periods. The three isocaloric diets were$$$ CHEESE: a high‐cheese (96‐120g) intervention diet$$$ MEAT: a macronutrient matched non‐dairy high‐meat control diet$$$ CARB: a non‐dairy low‐fat high‐carbohydrate control diet. Results: The CHEESE diet caused 5% higher HDL‐C (p=0.012) and 8% higher apo‐A1 (p<0.001) concentrations compared to the CARB diet. There were no differences between diets in TC, LDL‐C, apo‐B or TAG. Fecal fat excretion was 1.8 g and 0.9 g higher on the CHEESE diet compared to the CARB and MEAT diets (p<0.001 and p= 0.004). The CHEESE diet caused higher fecal bile acid excretion compared to the CARB diet only (p<0.05). Conclusions: A high‐cheese diet did not seem to have adverse effects on the CVD risk markers. As the high‐cheese diet caused higher HDL‐C and apo‐A1 it appears to be less atherogenic than a low‐fat high‐carbohydrate diet. Our findings confirm that cheese increases fecal fat excretion.
The Metabolic Effects of Pre-probiotic Supplementation After Roux-en-Y Gastric Bypass (RYGB) Surgery: a Prospective, Randomized Controlled Study$$$ Purpose: Following Roux‐en‐Y gastric bypass (RYGB), positive alterations are observed in gut microbiota and intestinal peptides. Previous studies demonstrated similar alterations observed in cases when pre‐probiotics are used without surgery. The aim of this trial was to evaluate the effectiveness of early use of pre‐probiotics after RYGB. Material and Methods: The operation and follow‐up of the patients were performed at Istanbul University Medical Faculty. Thirty‐two patients who had undergone RYGB were randomized to pre‐probiotic group (PreProBG, n = 16$$$ 200 g/day yogurt plus 10 g/day inulin+oligofructose) and probiotic group (ProBG, n = 16$$$ 200 g/day yogurt only) for 6 months. Blood samples (glucose, insulin, A1c, GLP‐1, PYY), anthropometric measurements, and appetite ratings have been evaluated at baseline and 3 (m3) and 6 (m6) months after RYGB. Results: Initial anthropometric measurements and appetite ratings decreased significantly after surgery and there were no significant differences between the groups. The decrease of area under the curve(insulin) was less and has a positive correlation with the changes in anthropometric measurements in PreProBG. GLP‐1 and PYY which increased dramatically after surgery in all patients were higher in PreProBG. But this increase had a negative correlation with the changes in anthropometric measurements during the study. Conclusion: Increased insulin, GLP‐1, and PYY secretion was more enhanced by pre‐probiotic use in early postoperative period. But this increase not only in anthropometric measurements but also in appetite ratings affects negatively, contrary to expectations. In summary, it should be investigated with new studies that use of pre‐probiotics in the late postoperative period may be more effective in patients with weak insulin and incretin response and therefore insufficient weight loss. Trial Registration clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT03517345.
Effect of consuming salad and yogurt as preload on body weight management and cardiovascular risk factors: a randomized clinical trial$$$ Few investigations reported the reductive effect of preload consuming on energy intake. The objective of the study was to compare the effects of consuming a mix of low glycaemic index foods such as vegetable salad, yogurt and water before or with meal on anthropometric measures and cardio vascular diseases (CVD) risks. In this randomized controlled clinical trial, 25 men and 35 women were recruited to consume similar amounts of macronutrients within a hypocaloric diet for 3 months. Although subjects in the preload group consumed preload 15 min before the main meal, subjects in the control group consumed them with meal. The results showed that body weight, waist circumference, triglyceride, total cholesterol and systolic blood pressure decreased in more amount in the preload group ( ‐ 7.8 ± 0.5%, ‐ 2.7 ± 0.2%, ‐ 5.7 ± 1.1%, ‐ 3.1 ± 0.53% and ‐ 4.4 ± 0.4%, respectively$$$ p < 0.05 for all). Fasting blood sugar and low density lipoprotein (LDL)‐cholesterol decreased significantly only in the preload group. Consuming vegetable salad, yogurt and water as preload leads to greater changes in anthropometric measures and CVD risks.
The effect of probiotic and conventional yogurt consumptions on anthropometric parameters in individuals with non alcoholic fatty liver disease$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Probiotics have beneficial effects on the host by improving the intestinal microflora. The role of intestinal microflora in obesity‐related disorders such as nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) largely is known. There are evidences for the possible effects of probiotics products in NAFLD. This study aimed to investigate the effects of probiotic yogurt intake compared to conventional yogurt on anthropometric parameters in patients with NAFLD. METHODS: In present double‐blind randomized controlled clinical trial, 72 NAFLD patients with body mass index (BMI) greater than 25 Kg/m2 were studied. Subjects were randomly allocated to either the intervention or control group (n=36, in each group) and consumed daily 300 g of probiotic yogurt or 300 g of conventional yogurt for 8 week, respectively. Dietary intakes, weight, height and waist circumference were measured at the beginning and end of the study and BMI were calculated. Statistical analysis was performed using SPSS software. Data were analyzed by chi‐squared test, independent sample t‐tests, analysis of covariance and paired t‐tests. (IRCT: 201210313664N8) FINDINGS: In probiotic yogurt group significant reductions were observed in weigh (84.32±13.2 vs. 82.58±13.33 Kg) and BMI (30.1±3.61 vs. 29.48±3.7 Kg/m2$$$ p<0.001 for both). Changes percent in weight and BMI were 1.07% compared with the control group (p<0.004 and p<0.005, respectively). Waist circumference significantly was decreased in both of groups (97.4±8.45 vs. 95.71±8.36 cm in probiotic yogurt group and 98.38±10.58 vs. 97.04±10.56 cm in conventional yogurt group$$$ p<0.002 for both) but these changes were not different between two groups. CONCLUSION: The result of this study showed that probiotic yogurt consumption lead to reduction of weight and BMI in NAFLD patients and may be useful in weight management in these patients.
Endothelial Function is improved by Inducing Microbial Polyamine Production in the Gut: a Randomized Placebo-Controlled Trial$$$ Recently, it was demonstrated that spermidine‐induced autophagy reduces the risk of cardiovascular disease in mice. Intestinal bacteria are a major source of polyamines, including spermidine. We previously reported that the intake of both Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis (Bifal) and arginine (Arg) increases the production of putrescine, a spermidine precursor, in the gut. Here, we investigated the effects of Bifal and Arg consumption on endothelial function in healthy subjects. Healthy individuals with body mass index (BMI) near the maximum value in the “healthy” range (BMI: 25) (n = 44) were provided normal yogurt containing Bifal and Arg (Bifal + Arg YG) or placebo (normal yogurt) for 12 weeks in this randomized, double‐blinded, placebo‐controlled, parallel‐group comparative study. The reactive hyperemia index (RHI), the primary outcome, was measured using endo‐peripheral arterial tone (EndoPAT). The change in RHI from week 0 to 12 in the Bifal + Arg YG group was significantly higher than that in the placebo group, indicating that Bifal + Arg YG intake improved endothelial function. At week 12, the concentrations of fecal putrescine and serum putrescine and spermidine in the Bifal + Arg YG group were significantly higher than those in the placebo group. This study suggests that consuming Bifal + Arg YG prevents or reduces the risk of atherosclerosis.
The Effects of Food Labelling on Postexercise Energy Intake in Sedentary Women$$$ Food labelling has been previously reported to influence energy intake (EI). Whether food labels influence postexercise EI remains to be determined. We assessed how food labelling and exercise (Ex) interact to influence food perception and postexercise EI. In this randomized crossover design, 14 inactive women participated in 4 experimental conditions: Ex (300 kcal at 70% of VO2peak) and lunch labelled as low in fat (LF), Ex and lunch labelled as high in fat (HF), Rest and LF, and Rest and HF. The lunch was composed of a plate of pasta, yogurt, and oatmeal cookies, which had the same nutritional composition across the 4 experimental conditions. EI at lunch and for the 48‐hour period covering the testing day and the following day was assessed. Furthermore, perceived healthiness of the meal and appetite ratings were evaluated. There were no effects of exercise and food labelling on EI. However, meals labelled as LF were perceived as heathier, and this label was associated with higher prospective food consumption. Initial beliefs about food items had a stronger effect on healthiness perception than the different food labels and explain the positive correlation with the amount of food consumed (ρ = 0.34, P < 0.001).
Dynamic radioisotope scintigraphy for gastric banding adjustment$$$ BACKGROUND: Gastric banding is today a common restrictive procedure to treat morbid obesity. After operation, adjustment of the band is required to adequately restrict food intake, allowing better results. The aim of this study was to evaluate the results of a unique method of adjustment using dynamic radioisotope scintigraphy. METHODS: 40 patients after Laparoscopic Adjustable Gastric Banding (LAGB) were prospectively divided into 2 equal groups, and the results of adjustment analyzed using the conventional method of fluoroscopic image and barium swallow (FA Group), and our proposed new method of dynamic radioisotope scintigraphy (DRS Group) using Tc99‐phytate labeled plain yogurt. RESULTS: After 6 months follow‐up, the FA group lost 12.34%, while the DRS group lost 20.34% of their initial weight. In the FA group, we found that 95% of the patients needed re‐adjustments versus only 25% in the DRS group (P <0.0001). Vomiting was more frequent in the FA group than in the DRS group, mean 0.65 and 0.2, respectively (P < 0.009). The radiation exposure was 4 times higher in the FA group, but the cost of the 2 adjustment procedures was similar. CONCLUSION: DRS is a more physiologically friendly and accurate method of gastric banding adjustment than the conventional barium swallow adjustment$$$ it also results in a better weight loss during the first 6 months after operation.
Added soluble fiber enhances the satiating power of low-energy-density liquid yogurts$$$ BACKGROUND: Low‐energy‐density foods with high satiating power may be useful tools for weight management. Energy density of yogurts can range from 0.4 to 1.8 kcal/g. OBJECTIVE: To test the effects of added inulin, a soluble fiber, on the satiating properties of low‐energy‐density and high‐energy‐density yogurt beverages (16 oz or 472 mL). DESIGN: The study followed a within‐subject preload design with repeated measures. Each participant completed six conditions, presented in a counterbalanced order. SUBJECTS: Participants were 18 men and 20 women, aged 18 to 35 years. INTERVENTION: The experimental conditions were two high‐energy‐density yogurt beverages (440 kcal$$$ 0.9 kcal/g) and two low‐energy‐density yogurt beverages (180 kcal$$$ 0.4 kcal/g) with or without inulin (6 g) and an equal volume of orange juice (180 kcal). A no beverage control condition was used as well. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Repeated ratings of hunger, fullness, and desire to eat and energy consumption at the lunch meal served 120 minutes post‐ingestion were the main measures. STATISTICAL ANALYSES PERFORMED: Repeated measures analyses of variance were used to analyze motivational ratings and energy and nutrient intakes at the test meal. RESULTS: Yogurt beverages and liquid orange juice significantly suppressed appetite and promoted satiety relatively to the no beverage condition. Yogurt beverages had greater satiating power than did orange juice, as evidenced by higher satiety ratings and reduced energy intakes at lunch. The satiating power of low‐energy‐density yogurt with inulin was comparable to that of high‐energy‐density yogurt. CONCLUSIONS: Energy presented in liquid form can have satiating power. Added fiber can potentiate the satiating properties of low‐energy‐density liquid yogurts. Adding fiber to low‐energy‐density foods may be an effective way to suppress appetite and control food intake.
Comparison of the effects of a liquid yogurt and chocolate bars on satiety: a multidimensional approach$$$ In the context of epidemic obesity, satiety is an important target for nutritional interventions. Using a multidimensional approach, we compared the effect on satiety of two food products frequently consumed in France by young adults as a small mid‐afternoon meal called the 'goûter'. Participants were eighteen healthy young males (aged 20.8 (sd 1.8) years) of normal body weight (BMI 21.7 (sd 1.7) kg/m2) used to eating four times per d including a 'goûter'. On two occasions, under laboratory conditions, the time‐blinded participants consumed a fixed energy lunch (2.8 MJ) and, 240 min later, either a liquid yogurt or chocolate bars matched for energy (1.2 MJ) and weight (366 g). Then, satiety was assessed by: (1) ratings of hunger, appetite, desire to eat and fullness at 20 min intervals (perception), (2) the delay until the subject requested his dinner meal (duration) and (3) energy intake at this meal (consumption). Results showed that satiety was perceived higher after liquid yogurt than chocolate bars over the 60 min preceding the next meal, as evidenced by hunger (P < 0.005), appetite, (P < 0.005), desire to eat (P < 0.04) and fullness (P < 0.05) ratings. However, its duration was similar between liquid yogurt and chocolate bars (165 (se 8) and 174 (se 7) min respectively) and this difference was not followed by reduced intake at dinner. In conclusion, this approach of satiety revealed that a liquid yogurt induced a lower subjective motivation to eat than chocolate bars during the hour preceding the spontaneous onset of a meal, without affecting subsequent food intake.
The effects of food perception on energy compensation following exercise in sedentary women$$$ Background: An effect of food labeling on energy intake (EI) has been previously reported and may partly explain the large inter‐individual responses in EI previously noted following exercise (Ex). Objectives: To assess how labeling and exercise interact to influence food perception and EI following physical activity. Design: In this randomized cross‐over design, 14 inactive women took part in 4 experimental conditions: Ex (300kcal at 70% of their individual VO2peak) and lunch labeled as low in fat (LF), Ex and lunch labeled as high in fat (HF), sedentary control (Ctl) and LF, and Ctl and HF. The lunch was compose of a pasta plate, a yogurt and oatmeal cookies with the same nutritional composition throughout sessions. EI at lunch and for the following 34 hours (validated food menu), as well as healthiness perception of the meal, appetite ratings (visual analogue scales) and level of stress were assessed. Results: No significant difference was observed in EI at lunch and for the following 34 hours across sessions. However, participants with high vs. low scores on a perceived stress scale showed opposite responses to the exercise and labeling manipulation. The food items presented as LF were perceived as healthier (p < 0.001), but this distinction was more consistently significant across food item when no exercise was performed. Healthiness ratings correlated positively with the amount of food consumed (ρ=0.339, p < 0.001). The labeling manipulation showed stronger influence on food item associated healthier initial beliefs. Conclusion: Despite no effects of exercise and food labeling on acute EI (lunch and total 48h), healthiness perception was influenced by labeling and initials beliefs and linked with the amount of different food item consumed.
Effects of polydextrose on the subjective feelings of appetite in women during the Satiation and Satiety periods when consumed as part of a breakfast or as a mid-morning snack$$$ Background/Aims: Polydextrose (PDX) may induce changes in appetite [1,2]. A new method has been proposed to analyse the subjective feelings of appetite when they are assessed by visual analogue scales (VAS) during the Satiation (pre‐ to post‐meal) and Satiety (post‐meal to subsequent meal) periods [1,3]. This is the first study on the effects of PDX on appetite to be conducted only in women. Objectives: Hunger, Fullness, Desire to Eat, and Prospective Food Consumption were assessed during the Satiation and Satiety periods in 32 women (27.4 ± 6.6 yrs$$$ 25.9 ± 2.7 kg/m2) in an acute, randomized, double‐ blinded and crossover study. Four conditions were tested: an isocaloric placebo versus 12.5 g of PDX mixed with yogurt and consumed as part of a breakfast or a mid‐morning snack. All four conditions had the same calorie load of 1600 kJ before the ad libitum lunch. Material/Methods: VAS results were expressed as incremental areas under the curve (iAUC) for both Satiation and Satiety periods [1]. A mixed model was applied to analyse the results having Conditions (four) and Time as a fixed factors and having Subject, Cohort (four), and Treatment Day (four) as random factors. Results: PDX reduced Hunger by 31.4% (P = 0.01) during the Satiation period when consumed as part of the mid‐morning snack. There were no significant changes when PDX was consumed as part of the breakfast, likely due to the interference with other nutrients. Conclusion: PDX effectively reduced hunger feelings in women when consumed as a mid‐morning snack, which may be beneficial for compliance of a restricted diet to prevent snack intake.
Australian patients with coronary heart disease achieve high adherence to 6-month Mediterranean diet intervention: preliminary results of the AUSMED Heart Trial$$$ Objective: It is unclear whether the cardioprotective Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) can be adhered to in non‐Mediterranean populations. The aim of this study was to report preliminary results on adherence to a 6‐mo ad libitum MedDiet intervention in multiethnic Australian patients with coronary heart disease, including maintenance at 12 mo. Methods: Participants (62 ± 9 y of age, 83% men) were randomized to the MedDiet (n = 34) or a low‐fat diet (n = 31). Dietitian‐led appointments occurred at 0, 3, and 6 mo with a follow‐up phone review at 12 mo. Dietary intake was assessed via 7‐d food diaries analyzed in FoodWorks8, and MedDiet adherence was measured by a validated 14‐item questionnaire. Results: In the pooled cohort, the MedDiet adherence score was low at baseline (5.2 ± 2.1 of 14), with only 6.2% achieving a high score (≥9). MedDiet participants significantly improved the MedDiet adherence score compared with low‐fat diet participants after 6 mo (+4.8 ± 2.7 versus +1.2 ± 2 points, respectively$$$ P < 0.001). MedDiet participants significantly increased intake of olive oil, nuts, tomato, yogurt, legumes, and seafood and decreased intake of processed meats and added sugars compared with low‐fat diet participants (P < 0.05). Maintenance of the MedDiet at 12 mo was high with 78% of MedDiet participants maintaining an adherence score ≥9$$$ however, mean adherence score decreased by 1 ± 1.9 point (P = 0.01) between 6 and 12 mo. Conclusions: The MedDiet intervention in this pilot trial of Australian patients with coronary heart disease was well adhered to, improved diet quality, and could therefore provide a feasible alternative to a low‐fat diet. Notably, improvement in adherence to the MedDiet was achieved through dietitian‐led intervention and cross‐cultural translation of dietary principles.
The effect of yogurt co-fortified with probiotic and vitamin D on lipid profile, anthropometric indices and serum 25-hydroxi vitamin D in obese adult: A Double-Blind Randomized- Controlled Trial$$$ Vitamin D deficiency can be regarded as one of the overgrowing health problem in all of the world. Evidence from a clinical trial suggested a role for probiotic bacteria in increasing vitamin D. However, probiotics effect is strain specific and this effect should be confirmed about different strains. The objective was to determine if yogurt fortification with probiotic bacteria, Lactobillus acidophilus La‐B5, Bifidobacterium lactis Bb‐12 either alone or in combination with vitamin D can be a complementary treatment for vitamin D deficiency. The end‐points were vitamin D, cardio metabolic lipid profile, anthropometric indices (weight, height, waist, hip, fat mass, lean body mass) and dietary intake. A 10‐week parallel‐group, double‐blind, randomized and controlled trial was conducted on 140 obese men and women. The participants were randomly allocated to receive 100 grams either 1) plain low‐fat yogurt or 2) probiotic yogurt or 3) vitamin D‐fortified yogurt or 4) probiotic and vitamin D cofortified yogurt. All groups received low‐calorie diet. Vitamin D increased significantly in group 4 (p = .008), group 3 (p = .001) and group 1 (p = .012 with no difference between groups. Vitamin D‐fortified yogurt had the most effect size and showed a significant difference versus plain (p = .018) and probiotic yogurt (p = .002). Regarding lipid profile, there were no significant differences between groups. Data from this study does not support the hypothesis that yogurt fortified with probiotic bacteria, Lactobillus acidophilus La‐5 and Bifidobacterium lactis Bb‐12 either alone or in combination with vitamin D might impose any increasing effect on serum level of vitamin D in comparison with vitamin D‐fortified yogurt.
Soy milk consumption and blood pressure among type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy$$$ OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to determine the effects of soy milk consumption cardiovascular risk and biomarkers of renal function in type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy. METHODS: This randomized, crossover, controlled clinical trial was conducted in 29 type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy. Participants were randomly assigned to consume a diet containing soy milk, or a diet containing cow's milk, each for 4 weeks. There was a 2‐week washout between the two intervention periods. Anthropometric and biochemical measurements were performed according to standard protocols. RESULTS: The mean age and body mass index of patients were 51 ± 10 years and 28 ± 4 kg/m(2), respectively. Consumption of soy milk resulted in a significant reduction in systolic blood pressure compared with consumption of cow's milk (percent change: ‐4.50 vs. 5.89%$$$ P = .03). Serum triglyceride levels decreased significantly after soy milk consumption (percent change: ‐15.22 vs. 2.37%$$$ P = .02). After adjustment for carbohydrate intake, the effect of soy milk on triglyceride level was not significant. There were no significant differences between soy milk and cow's milk consumption in terms of their effect on cardiovascular risks and markers of kidney function. CONCLUSIONS: Soy milk consumption was associated with better blood pressure control among diabetic patients with nephropathy.
Post-Prandial Cognitive and Blood Pressure Effects of a DHA-Rich Omega-3 Powder in Middle-Aged Males: a Pilot Study$$$ The use of omega‐3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (ω‐3 PUFA) supplements is increasingly common among middle‐aged and older adults. Users of ω‐3 PUFA supplements often report using such supplements to support cognitive health, despite mixed findings reported within the ω‐3 PUFA literature. To date, very few studies have explored cognitive effects in distinctly middle‐aged (40 to 60 years) adults, and none have examined the acute effects (in the hours following a single dose) on cognitive performance. The current study evaluated whether a single dose of ω‐3 PUFA (4020 mg docosahexaenoic acid and 720 mg eicosapentaenoic acid) influences cognitive performance and cardiovascular function in middle‐aged males. Cognitive performance and cardiovascular function were assessed before and 3.5–4 h after consumption of a high dose of ω‐3 PUFA (DHA + EPA) or placebo, incorporated into a standardized meal (i.e., single serve of Greek yogurt). In this study of middle‐aged males, no significant differential treatment effects were observed for cognitive performance. However, a significant reduction in aortic systolic blood pressure (pre‐dose to post‐dose) was apparent following consumption of the ω‐3 PUFA (DHA + EPA) treatment (mean difference = −4.11 mmHg, p = 0.004) but not placebo (mean difference = −1.39 mmHg, p = 0.122). Future replication in a sample comprising females, as well as patients with hypertension, is merited.
Long-term efficacy and safety of tretinoin emollient cream 0.05% in the treatment of photodamaged facial skin: a two-year, randomized, placebo-controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Long‐term (>1 year) placebo‐controlled studies of tretinoin in the treatment of photodamaged skin have not been conducted. Recently, we conducted a 2‐year placebo‐controlled study of tretinoin emollient cream 0.05%, including histopathologic assessment of safety and analysis of markers of collagen deposition. OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to determine the long‐term safety and efficacy of tretinoin emollient cream 0.05% in the treatment of moderate to severe facial photodamage. METHODS: A total of 204 subjects were treated with tretinoin or placebo (vehicle emollient cream) applied to the entire face once a day for up to 2 years. Clinical and histologic effects were assessed at regularly scheduled clinic visits. RESULTS: Treatment with tretinoin resulted in significantly greater improvement relative to placebo in clinical signs of photodamage (fine and coarse wrinkling, mottled hyperpigmentation, lentigines, and sallowness), overall photodamage severity, and investigator's global assessment of clinical response (p<0.05). Histologic evaluation showed no increase in keratinocytic or melanocytic atypia, dermal elastosis, or untoward effects on stratum corneum following treatment with tretinoin compared with placebo. Immunohistochemistry studies, conducted at three study centers, showed a significant increase relative to placebo in facial procollagen 1C terminal, a marker for procollagen synthesis, at month 12 (p=0.0074). CONCLUSION: Long‐term treatment with tretinoin emollient cream 0.05% is safe and effective in subjects with moderate to severe facial photodamage.
Modulation of human intestinal microbiota in a clinical trial by consumption of a β-D-glucan-enriched extract obtained from Lentinula edodes$$$ Purpose: The aim of this study was to evaluate the hypocholesterolemic, immune‐ and microbiota‐modulatory effect of a mushroom extract in hypercholesterolemic subjects. Methods: A randomized, controlled, double‐blind, and parallel clinical trial was carried out with subjects from 18 to 65 years old (n = 52) with untreated mild hypercholesterolemia. Volunteers consumed a β‐d‐glucan‐enriched (BGE) mixture (10.4 g/day) obtained from shiitake mushrooms (Lentinula edodes) ensuring a 3.5 g/day of fungal β‐d‐glucans or a placebo incorporated in three different commercial creams. Results: This mixture showed hypocholesterolemic activities in vitro and in animal studies. After eight weeks intervention, no significant differences in lipid‐ or cholesterol‐related parameters were found compared to placebo subjects as well as before and after the BGE mixture administration. No inflammatory or immunomodulatory responses were noticed and no changes in IL‐1β, IL‐6, TNF‐α or oxLDL were recorded. However, consumption of the BGE mixture was safe and managed to achieve the dietary fibre intake recommended as cardiovascular protective diet. Moreover, the BGE mixture modulated the colonic microbiota differently compared to placebo. Microbial community composition varied from before to after the intervention with several genera being positively or negatively correlated with some biomarkers related to cholesterol metabolism. Conclusion: These results suggested a relation between cholesterol metabolism, microbiota and BGE administration. Nevertheless, the precise significance of this differential modulation was not fully elucidated and requires further studies.
Serum cholesterol, triglyceride and lipoprotein response in hypercholesterolemic males to replacement of cow's milk with a soy beverage$$$ The effects on serum total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG) and lipoprotein cholesterol levels, of replacing 750 ml of cows milk/day with an equivalent amount of a beverage containing soy protein isolate and 2% corn oil was investigated. Volunteers were university and community members (21 males, aged 21‐67 years) who consumed their normal diets throughout the 24‐week study. After an initial 8‐week stabilization period, each subject daily drank 750 ml milk for 8 wks, and 750 ml soy beverage for 8 wks, the order being randomized for the group. Analysis of food intake showed a small but significant increase in the percentage of energy from protein during the soy beverage period, but no significant differences in the percentages of energy from fat or carbohydrate, or in the P/S ratio. C intake was significantly reduced during the soy period, as was animal/plant protein ratio. Body weights did not change throughout the 6‐month period. These dietary changes resulted in a significant reduction in mean serum TC levels. No changes were found in serum TG, HDL‐C and LDL‐C levels. Serum TC levels were also lower during the soy beverage period than during the initial screening of serum C levels, but not during the milk period, when compared with the initial screening levels.
Effects of substituting dietary soybean protein and oil for milk protein and fat in subjects with hypercholesterolemia$$$ OBJECTIVES: To determine whether, in individuals with hypercholesterolemia, substituting dietary soybean products for cows' milk products improves the plasma lipid profile and whether any change in the profile is due partially to soy oil. DESIGN: Randomized 3‐treatment crossover trial. SETTING: Family practice clinics and an outpatient clinic in London, Ont. PARTICIPANTS: Seventeen healthy men and 17 healthy women with elevated plasma levels of total and low‐density‐lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and with normal plasma levels of triglycerides. INTERVENTIONS: Participants incorporated into their normal diet either 2% cows' milk products, soybean products or a combination of skim milk products and soy oil, each over period of 4 weeks, with 22‐week wash‐out periods. Plasma lipid profile, blood pressure and body weight were assessed after each dietary and wash‐out period. OUTCOME MEASURES: Plasma levels of total and lipoprotein cholesterol, plasma levels of triglycerides, apolipoprotein B and A1 levels, blood pressure and plasma lipid peroxidation. RESULTS: The change in diet had no effect on body mass index, levels of apolipoproteins B and A1 and most plasma lipids. During the soybean period, the subjects' mean level of high‐density‐lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol increased 9% (p < 0.04) and their mean LDL/HDL cholesterol ratio decreased 14% (p < 0.007). These effects were less pronounced during the skim milk/soy oil period. In the 24 subjects with the highest initial LDL cholesterol level and LDL/HDL cholesterol ratio, the mean LDL cholesterol level decreased 11% after the soybean period. In all subjects, changes in the LDL/HDL cholesterol ratio induced by a soybean diet were negatively correlated with the initial LDL/HDL cholesterol ratio and positively correlated with the initial HDL cholesterol level. CONCLUSIONS: In people with hypercholesterolemia, the plasma lipid profile improved after treatment with a soybean‐product diet, and this improvement was partially due to soy oil. The degree of responsiveness was associated with initial risk factors for coronary artery disease.
A preliminary randomized trial of metformin to augment low milk supply (MALMS)$$$ Background: Emerging clinical research is corroborating an important role for healthy insulin action in lactation. Metformin is a first‐line drug for improving insulin action and is considered safe to use during lactation, but it has never been tested for efficacy in treating low milk supply. Objective(s): To conduct a preliminary randomized clinical trial (RCT) of metformin versus placebo in women with low milk production and signs of insulin resistance. Material/Methods: RCT inclusion criteria included: mother 1‐8 weeks postpartum, low milk production based on 24‐hour test weighing, and ≥1 insulin resistance sign$$$ with a singleton, healthy term infant. Exclusion criteria included identified cause of low milk supply or contraindication to metformin. Eligible mothers were randomly assigned 2:1 to metformin or placebo. Mothers received a hospital‐grade pump and were instructed to augment breastfeeding >8 times/day with breast pumping. Milk production was remeasured 2 and 4 weeks post‐intervention. Results: 51 women were screened and 15 met RCT eligibility. Median values at baseline in metformin (n = 10) versus placebo (n = 5), respectively, were: maternal age (33 versus 36 years), body mass index (37.5 versus 39.7 kg/m2), gestational diabetes (60% versus 20%), infant age (20 versus 40 days), breast emptying (18 versus 15 times/day) and milk output (148 versus 266 grams/day). Milk output improved in 6/10 metformin (60%) versus 1/5 placebo (20%, Fisher's exact P‐value = 0.28). Median change from baseline was 8 versus ‐56 grams, respectively (Wilcoxon P‐value, 0.30). Conclusions: A trend toward greater improvement in the metformin group was mostly due to overall worsening of milk production in the placebo group, despite aggressive pumping and lactation support. More work is needed to develop interventions for metabolically at‐risk mothers with low milk supply.
Low fat milk powder containing esterified plant sterols improves the blood lipid profile of adults with hypercholesterolemia$$$ OBJECTIVE: To observe the impact of plant sterol esters (PSE) mixed in low fat milk powder (2.5 g of PSE/day) on plasma cholesterol levels in hypercholesterolemic subjects during a 6‐week intervention period. METHODS: In this double‐blind, randomized, placebo‐controlled study, 59 subjects (19 males, mean age (60.28 ± 6.98) years) with primary hypercholesterolemia (fasting LDL cholesterol between 3.4‐6.0 mmol/L) were randomly divided into two groups (treatment group, 2.5 g of plant sterol esters a day, n = 30) and placebo group (n = 29). Blood samples were collected at week 0, 3 and 6. The primary outcome was change in plasma LDL‐cholesterol (LDL‐C). Secondary outcomes were changes in total cholesterol (TC), HDL cholesterol (HDL‐C), triglycerides (TG), anthropometry and blood biochemistry. RESULTS: LDL‐C significantly reduction from baseline (4.18 ± 0.54) mmol/L to (3.44 ± 0.61) mmol/L (‐17.7%, P < 0.05) at week 3 and (3.35 ± 0.39) mmol/L (‐19.9%, P < 0.05) at week 6 in the treatment group, whereas in placebo group from (4.11 ± 0.54) mmol/L at baseline to (3.47 ± 0.60) mmol/L (‐15.57%, P < 0.05) and (3.61 ± 0.39) mmol/L (‐12.17%, P < 0.05) at week 3 and week 6, respectively. TC was reduced from (6.30 ± 0.86) mmol/L at baseline to (5.92 ± 0.75) mmol/L (‐6.03%, P > 0.05) at week 3 and (5.43 ± 0.77) mmol/L (‐13.8%, P < 0.05) at week 6 in treatment group, from (6.20 ± 0.76) mmol/L at week 0 to (5.70 ± 0.76) mmol/L (‐8.06%, P < 0.05) at week 3 and (5.84 ± 0.75) mmol/L (‐5.81%, P < 0.05) at week 6 in placebo group. PSE‐enriched milk did not affect plasma HDL‐C level and TG level at both week 3 and week 6. After normalization to the placebo group, the treatment group showed significant reduction in LDL‐C and total cholesteron after 6 weeks. The observed difference of reduction was 7.69% (‐0.33 mmol/L, P < 0.05) for LDL‐C and 8.00% (‐0.51 mmol/L, P < 0.05) for TC between the two groups. There were no significant changes in safety parameters, including blood biochemistry tests during the study period. CONCLUSION: Plant sterol ester enriched milk powder is effective in reducing LDL‐C among Chinese hypercholesterolemic subjects at a dosage recommended by EFSA.
Reduction of LDL-cholesterol in mildly hypercholesterolemic Thais with plant stanol ester-fortified soy milk$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effects of soy milk fortified with plant stanol ester on changes in LDL‐cholesterol, fat‐soluble vitamins and sex hormones in Thai volunteers. MATERIAL AND METHOD: In a double‐blind, placebo‐controlled study, 120 mildly hypercholesterolemic Thais were randomly assigned to stanol and control groups that were comparable in lipid profile and body mass index. Subjects consumed regular or 2g stanol‐containing soymilk once a day and postprandially for six weeks. The serum lipid profile was measured at weeks 0, 2 and 6$$$ serum fat‐soluble vitamins and sex hormones were measured at weeks 0 and 6. RESULTS: The mean reduction in total cholesterol was 8.2 % in the stanol group (p < 0.0001) and 0.6% in the control group. LDL‐cholesterol declined in both groups at week two, but the reduction was maintained to week six only in the stanol group. The mean reduction in LDL‐cholesterol was 13.5% in the stanol group (p < 0.0001) at week 6, compared to a 4.6% decrease in the control group. Adjusted serum beta‐cryptoxantene and beta‐carotene levels decreased at week six for the stanol group. Serum sex hormone levels in both groups remained unchanged. CONCLUSION: Consumption of stanol‐ester‐containing soymilk for six weeks significantly reduced LDL‐cholesterol in mildly hypercholesterolemic Thais. No adverse effect on sex hormones was observed However, stanol‐ester consumers are at risk of fat‐soluble‐vitamin deficiencies if the vitamin intake from foods is inadequate.
Efficacy of Probiotic Milk Formula on Blood Lipid and Intestinal Function in Mild Hypercholesterolemic Volunteers: a Placebo-control, Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Several studies have reported that probiotics could modulate host lipid metabolism via altering the intestinal microbiota. Hence, the current study was aimed to assess the efficacy of a mixture of probiotic‐contained milk formula (PMF) with three different bacterial strains [Lactobacillus acidophilus (La5), Lactobacillus casei (TMC), Bifidobacterium lactis (Bb12)] on lipid profile and intestinal function in healthy mild hypercholesterolemic volunteers. Totally, 40 healthy mild hypercholesterolemic subjects (180–220 mg/dL) were randomly assigned into two groups as placebo or experimental group. All the subjects were requested to drink either PMF (experimental) or skimmed milk drink formula‐placebo (30 g mixed with 200 mL of water) for 10 weeks and continued by 2 weeks of the follow‐up period. Supplementation of PMF for 10 weeks significantly improved (p < 0.05) the fecal weight, fecal movement (decreased fecal gastrointestinal passing time) by improving intestinal microbiota (increasing beneficial bacterial species like Lactobacillus, Bifidobacterium spp.), and lag time of low‐density lipoprotein (LDL) oxidation. Also, intake of PMF substantially reduced (p < 0.05) the levels of total cholesterol (TC$$$ 8.1%) and low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL‐c$$$ 10.4%) and thus showcasing its cardioprotective efficacy. PMF considerably improves gastrointestinal function by modulating fecal movement, intestinal microbiota, and decrease cholesterol and might be helpful in the management of hypercholesterolemia.
Risk management of cardiovascular disease through milk enriched with sterols in a young-adult population$$$ randomized controlled clinical trial$$$ INTRODUCTION: Hypercholesterolemia is one of the most relevant risk factors in cardiovascular disease, where use of plant sterols one strategy evident. AIM: To determine the effectiveness of a rich in phytosterols for reducing markers of cardiovascular disease in young adult population milk. METHODS: A randomized, clinical controlled trial, double‐blind crossover study. Sterols (2.24 g per day) were ingested through commercial milk, with two phases and three weeks respectively separated by a washout period of 2 weeks, for those subjects during the "milk of study", and the same amount of skim milk, sterols, for placebo. At the beginning and end of each phase blood draws were performed.. Lipid profile, hematology, inflammation, etc$$$ anthropometric data, health habits and blood laboratory markers were collected. RESULTS: Nineteen people completed the study of 34.68 years (± 6.91). Difference between baseline and final scores were 19.47 (± 29.10) mg/dl, 24.47 (± 30.68) mg/dl, 14.36 (± 44.16) mg/dl for LDL‐cholesterol, total Cholesterol and Triglycerides, respectively. Without considerable changes in HDLc. There are significant differences between placebo and milk with sterols for LDL (p=0.009) and total Cholesterol (p=0.003). CONCLUSIONS: Sterols supplied in a functional food, such as milk, can be a strategy for non‐ pharmacological treatment of hypercholesterolemia and therefore a tool for cardiovascular risk reduction globally.
Low fat milk powder containing esterified plant sterols improves the blood lipid profile of adults with hypercholesterolemia$$$ OBJECTIVE: To observe the impact of plant sterol esters (PSE) mixed in low fat milk powder (2.5 g of PSE/day) on plasma cholesterol levels in hypercholesterolemic subjects during a 6‐week intervention period. METHODS: In this double‐blind, randomized, placebo‐controlled study, 59 subjects (19 males, mean age (60.28 ± 6.98) years) with primary hypercholesterolemia (fasting LDL cholesterol between 3.4‐6.0 mmol/L) were randomly divided into two groups (treatment group, 2.5 g of plant sterol esters a day, n = 30) and placebo group (n = 29). Blood samples were collected at week 0, 3 and 6. The primary outcome was change in plasma LDL‐cholesterol (LDL‐C). Secondary outcomes were changes in total cholesterol (TC), HDL cholesterol (HDL‐C), triglycerides (TG), anthropometry and blood biochemistry. RESULTS: LDL‐C significantly reduction from baseline (4.18 ± 0.54) mmol/L to (3.44 ± 0.61) mmol/L (‐17.7%, P < 0.05) at week 3 and (3.35 ± 0.39) mmol/L (‐19.9%, P < 0.05) at week 6 in the treatment group, whereas in placebo group from (4.11 ± 0.54) mmol/L at baseline to (3.47 ± 0.60) mmol/L (‐15.57%, P < 0.05) and (3.61 ± 0.39) mmol/L (‐12.17%, P < 0.05) at week 3 and week 6, respectively. TC was reduced from (6.30 ± 0.86) mmol/L at baseline to (5.92 ± 0.75) mmol/L (‐6.03%, P > 0.05) at week 3 and (5.43 ± 0.77) mmol/L (‐13.8%, P < 0.05) at week 6 in treatment group, from (6.20 ± 0.76) mmol/L at week 0 to (5.70 ± 0.76) mmol/L (‐8.06%, P < 0.05) at week 3 and (5.84 ± 0.75) mmol/L (‐5.81%, P < 0.05) at week 6 in placebo group. PSE‐enriched milk did not affect plasma HDL‐C level and TG level at both week 3 and week 6. After normalization to the placebo group, the treatment group showed significant reduction in LDL‐C and total cholesteron after 6 weeks. The observed difference of reduction was 7.69% (‐0.33 mmol/L, P < 0.05) for LDL‐C and 8.00% (‐0.51 mmol/L, P < 0.05) for TC between the two groups. There were no significant changes in safety parameters, including blood biochemistry tests during the study period. CONCLUSION: Plant sterol ester enriched milk powder is effective in reducing LDL‐C among Chinese hypercholesterolemic subjects at a dosage recommended by EFSA.
Consumption of soymilk lowers atherogenic lipid fraction in healthy individuals$$$ The effect of soy‐based products on lipid profile has not been well established. Whereas some investigators have reported that soy is hypocholesterolemic, others could only demonstrate this in hypercholesterolemic subjects, while a few have not found any marked association between soy and cholesterol levels. This study was therefore aimed at investigating the effect of soymilk on lipid and lipoprotein profile of normocholesterolemic, apparently healthy Nigerian Africans. Five hundred milliliters of soymilk preparation was consumed daily by 42 apparently healthy young to middle‐aged subjects for a period of 21 days. Forty‐two other volunteers with similar characteristics, who did not drink the soymilk over this time frame, were randomly selected as controls. Plasma total cholesterol (TC), high‐density lipoprotein‐cholesterol (HDL‐C), and triglyceride (TG) concentrations were determined twice by standard spectrophotometric methods (at the initial visit and after 3 weeks). Low‐density lipoprotein‐cholesterol (LDL‐C) was calculated from the TC, TG, and HDL‐C concentrations. After 21 days, regulated soymilk consumption significantly reduced mean plasma TC by 11% and LDL‐C by 25% (P < .001 and P < .001, respectively) and increased mean plasma HDL‐C by 20% (P < .05) in the test population. Plasma TG was not significantly altered. In control subjects, no significant differences were observed in mean TC, LDL‐C, HDL‐C, and TG. Daily consumption of soymilk significantly decreased atherogenic plasma cholesterol concentration. This suggests that soy drink could be an important non‐pharmacological cholesterol‐reducing agent.
Effect of high- and low-fiber diets on plasma lipids and insulin$$$ Seven healthy young adults were maintained for two separate 1‐week periods on each of two very high‐carbohydrate diets, one with low‐fiber and one with high‐fiber content. In both diets 15% of the calories were from protein, 15% from fat, and 70% were from carbohydrate. The low‐fiber diet consisted of milk, glucose, and dextrins in liquid formula form, the high‐fiber diet was composed of starchy foods. The crude fiber content of the high‐ and low‐fiber diets was 18.0 and 1.0 g, respectively. The diets were isocaloric and the subjects maintained a stable weight. During the low‐fiber diet the fasting triglycerides rose, reaching a peak 45% above base‐line in 6 days. During the high‐fiber diet the triglycerides fell to a level slightly below base‐line. The cholesterol fell 16 and 23% below base‐line on the low‐ and high‐fiber diets. The glucose response to test meals representative of each diet was similar. The insulin response to a low‐fiber meal was twice as great as that to a high‐fiber meal containing an equivalent amount of carbohydrate. The results suggest that carbohydrate‐induced hyperlipemia does not occur if the high carbohydrate diet is rich in dietary fiber, and furthermore that the insulin‐stimulating potential of foods in a very high‐carbohydrate diet is a critical determinant of the magnitude of carbohydrate‐induced lipemia.
Effects of soy protein isolate (SPI) and casein on the postprandial lipemia in normolipidemic men$$$ To elucidate the effects of soybean protein and casein on postprandial lipemia, oral fat load tests were performed before and 3 weeks after the administration of soy protein isolate (SPI) and casein supplement to normolipidemic men. Eleven normolipidemic male subjects on otherwise identical controlled diets were assigned to either a 20 g/d soy protein isolate (SPI) dietary supplement or a casein dietary supplement for three weeks in a crossover design. Fat load tests with 40 g/m2 of bovine milk fat were carried out before and after 3 weeks on the experimental dietary supplements. Fasting plasma concentrations of lipids and apolipoproteins were not significantly different from baseline levels before or after the administration of SPI or casein supplemented diets. Neither SPI nor casein supplement affected the fasting plasma concentrations of lipids and apolipoproteins. The areas under the incremental curve (AUIC) of triglyceride (TG) and remnant‐like particles triglyceride (RLP‐TG) after both experimental diets were not significantly different from those before the experimental diets. However, the AUIC of remnant‐like particles cholesterol (RLP‐C) showed a tendency (p = 0.07) to decrease after administration of the diet supplemented with SPI than before the diet. The AUIC of RLP‐C was significantly (p < 0.05) lower after the diet supplemented with SPI than after administration of the diet supplemented with casein. These results suggest that 3 weeks of 20 g/d SPI dietary supplement favorably affects the postprandial remnant lipoprotein response as compared to the casein dietary supplement.
Double-blind study of the addition of high-protein soya milk v. cows' milk to the diet of patients with severe hypercholesterolaemia and resistance to or intolerance of statins$$$ Total substitution of soyabean protein for animal protein in the diet has been repeatedly shown to lower plasma cholesterol levels in hypercholesterolaemic individuals. A new, highly palatable, high‐protein soya drink may allow replacement of a significant percentage of animal protein in the diet. The soya drink was given, within a crossover design v. a cows' milk preparation of similar composition and taste, to twenty‐one severely hypercholesterolaemic patients (mean baseline plasma cholesterol 8.74 mmol/l) with a history of resistance to or intolerance of statin treatment. Each dietary supplement was given for 4 weeks, with a 4‐week interval between treatments, Plasma lipid levels were monitored every 2 weeks during each dietary sequence. The concomitant dietary treatment, which had been followed for a long time by all patients, was carefully monitored throughout the study. The soya supplementation reduced plasma total cholesterol level by 6.5%, when given first, and by 7.4% when given after cows' milk. When given first, cows' milk resulted in a small, non‐significant reduction of plasma cholesterol level (‐3.9%), and when given after soya, it changed total plasma cholesterol to a minimal extent (‐1.6%). Changes in total and LDL‐cholesterol levels after 2 and 4 weeks of soya v. cows' milk treatment were, thus, respectively ‐6.1, ‐7.0 and ‐6.2, ‐7.8% (both P < 0.05). These first data from a double‐blind study confirm a significant cholesterol‐lowering effect of soyabean protein, even when only partly replacing animal protein in the diet, in individuals with extreme plasma cholesterol elevations.
Effects of preoperative feeding with a whey protein plus carbohydrate drink on the acute phase response and insulin resistance. A randomized trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Prolonged preoperative fasting increases insulin resistance and current evidence recommends carbohydrate (CHO) drinks 2 hours before surgery. Our hypothesis is that the addition of whey protein to a CHO‐based drink not only reduces the inflammatory response but also diminish insulin resistance. METHODS: Seventeen patients scheduled to cholecystectomy or inguinal herniorraphy were randomized and given 474 ml and 237 ml of water (CO group) or a drink containing CHO and milk whey protein (CHO‐P group) respectively, 6 and 3 hours before operation. Blood samples were collected before surgery and 24 hours afterwards for biochemical assays. The endpoints of the study were the insulin resistance (IR), the prognostic inflammatory and nutritional index (PINI) and the C‐reactive protein (CRP)/albumin ratio. A 5% level for significance was established. RESULTS: There were no anesthetic or postoperative complications. The post‐operative IR was lower in the CHO‐P group when compared with the CO group (2.75 ± 0.72 vs 5.74 ± 1.16$$$ p = 0.03). There was no difference between the two groups in relation to the PINI. The CHO‐P group showed a decrease in the both CRP elevation and CRP/albumin ratio (p < 0.05). The proportion of patients who showed CRP/albumin ratio considered normal was significantly greater (p < 0.05) in the CHO‐P group (87.5%) than in the CO group (33.3%). CONCLUSIONS: Shortening the pre‐operative fasting using CHO and whey protein is safe and reduces insulin resistance and postoperative acute phase response in elective moderate operations. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrial.gov NCT01354249.
Investigation of the effect of high dairy diet on body mass index and body fat in overweight and obese children$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether an increase in dairy food consumption improves the changes in BMI and adiposity in children on an energy restricted diet. METHODS: Overweight and obese children (n = 120, age: 12‐18 y, BMI: 27‐40 kg/m2) were randomized to receive a calorie restricted diet providing a 500 kcal/d deficit from total energy expenditure and two (n = 40), three (n = 40) or four (n = 40) servings of dairy products/day. Anthropometric measurements in addition to serum hs‐CRP and lipid profile were measured at baseline and after 12 weeks. RESULTS: Among the 96 children who completed the study, significant reductions in overall BMI, BMI z‐score, weight, total body fat percentage and total body fat mass were observed (p < 0.001) but these reductions were not significantly affected by increasing dairy intake (p > 0.05). Overall waist/hip ratio, Serum vitamin D and lipid profile did not change significantly (p > 0.05) apart from a significant increase in HDL‐cholesterol (p < 0.001) which was independent of dairy intake (p > 0.05). CONCLUSION: Increased intake of dairy products does not lead to an augmented change in BMI, weight and body fat in overweight and obese children beyond what is achieved by calorie restriction.
Additional benefit in CVD risk indices derived from the consumption of fortified milk when combined with a lifestyle intervention$$$ OBJECTIVE: The current study aimed to evaluate the effect of fortified milk combined with a lifestyle and counselling programme on several CVD risk factors after a 3‐month dietary intervention. DESIGN: Hypercholesterolaemic adults were randomized to a group supplemented with low‐fat milk that was enriched with phytosterols, α‐linolenic and linoleic fatty acids, vitamins and antioxidants (enriched milk group, EMG: n 40), a placebo milk group (PMG: n 36) or a control group (CG: n 25). The EMG and PMG consumed respectively 500 ml of enriched milk or placebo milk daily and attended biweekly counselling sessions over a 3‐month period. SETTING: Harokopio University, Athens, Greece. SUBJECTS: A sample of 101 hypercholesterolemic adults aged 40‐60 years. RESULTS: Regarding lifestyle changes, total and saturated fat intakes decreased significantly in both intervention groups compared with the CG (P < 0·005). Furthermore, total steps were increased (P = 0·029) and BMI was decreased (P = 0·017) significantly in both intervention groups compared with the CG. Regarding biochemical indices, EPA content in erythrocyte membranes increased (P < 0·001) while serum C‐reactive protein decreased (P = 0·003) significantly in both intervention groups compared with the CG. Finally, significant increases in plasma folic acid and vitamin B12 levels and a significant decrease in homocysteine levels were observed in the EMG compared with the PMG and CG (all P < 0·001). A favourable change in LDL cholesterol:HDL cholesterol was also observed in the EMG and tended to be significant compared with the PMG and CG (P = 0·066). CONCLUSIONS: The present study showed that consumption of fortified milk accompanied with lifestyle counselling induces extra benefits in terms of LDL cholesterol:HDL cholesterol and serum homocysteine levels.
The effect of soy protein with or without isoflavones relative to milk protein on plasma lipids in hypercholesterolemic postmenopausal women$$$ BACKGROUND: Clinical trial data and the results of a meta‐analysis suggest a hypocholesterolemic effect of soy protein. The effect may be partially attributable to the isoflavones in soy. Few studies have examined the separate effects of soy protein and isoflavones. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to determine the effect of soy protein and isoflavones on plasma lipid concentrations in postmenopausal, moderately hypercholesterolemic women. DESIGN: This was a randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled clinical trial with 3 treatment groups. After a 4‐wk run‐in phase during which the women consumed a milk protein supplement, the subjects were randomly assigned to 12 wk of dietary protein supplementation (42 g/d) with either a milk protein (Milk group) or 1 of 2 soy proteins containing either trace amounts of isoflavones (Soy‐ group) or 80 mg aglycone isoflavones (Soy+ group). RESULTS: LDL‐cholesterol concentrations decreased more in the Soy+ group (n = 31) than in the Soy‐ group (n = 33) (0.38 compared with 0.09 mmol/L$$$ P = 0.005), but neither of these changes was significantly different from the 0.26‐mmol/L decrease observed in the Milk group (n = 30). The results for total cholesterol were similar to those for LDL cholesterol. There were no significant differences in HDL‐cholesterol or triacylglycerol concentrations between the 3 groups. CONCLUSIONS: The difference in total‐ and LDL‐cholesterol lowering between the 2 soy‐protein supplements suggests an effect attributable to the isoflavone‐containing fraction. However, the unexpected LDL‐cholesterol lowering observed in the Milk group, and the fact that there was no significant difference between either soy group and the Milk group, suggests that changes may have been due to other factors related to participation in the study.
Effect of low-fat, fermented milk enriched with plant sterols on serum lipid profile and oxidative stress in moderate hypercholesterolemia$$$ BACKGROUND: Plant sterol (PS)‐enriched foods have been shown to reduce plasma LDL‐cholesterol concentrations. In most studies, however, PSs were incorporated into food products of high fat content. OBJECTIVE: We examined the effect of daily consumption of PS‐supplemented low‐fat fermented milk (FM) on the plasma lipid profile and on systemic oxidative stress in hypercholesterolemic subjects. DESIGN: Hypercholesterolemic subjects (LDL‐cholesterol concentrations >or=130 and <or= 190 mg/dL$$$ n = 194) consumed 2 low‐fat portions of FM in the same meal daily for 6 wk. Subjects were randomly assigned to 2 groups: low‐fat FM enriched with 0.8 g PS ester per portion or control FM. Plasma concentrations of lipids, oxidized LDL, beta‐carotene, beta‐sitosterol, campesterol, and high‐sensitivity C‐reactive protein were measured during the trial. RESULTS: Plasma LDL‐cholesterol concentrations were reduced by 9.5% and 7.8% after 3 and 6 wk, respectively, in the 1.6‐g/d PS group compared with the control group, whereas plasma triacylglycerol and HDL‐cholesterol concentrations were not significantly affected. In addition, there were no significant changes in serum beta‐carotene on normalization to LDL cholesterol during the study period in both groups, whereas plasma concentrations of oxidized LDL were reduced significantly in the PS group compared with the control group (‐1.73 compared with 1.40 U/L, respectively$$$ P < 0.05). Plasma sitosterol concentrations were increased by 35% (P < 0.001 compared with control)$$$ however, campesterol concentrations did not change during the study period. CONCLUSION: Daily consumption of 1.6 g PS in low‐fat FM efficiently lowers LDL cholesterol in subjects with moderate hypercholesterolemia without deleterious effects on biomarkers of oxidative stress.
Plant sterol-enriched milk tea decreases blood cholesterol concentrations in Chinese adults: a randomised controlled trial$$$ The cholesterol‐lowering effects of plant sterols in a format suitable for use in China have not previously been investigated. We conducted the study to quantify in adult Chinese the effects on blood lipid concentrations of a plant sterol‐enriched milk tea powder. The study was a double‐blind, randomised trial in which 309 participants were randomised to receive daily 2.3 or 1.5 g plant sterol supplementation or placebo for 5 weeks. The milk tea was consumed with the two fattiest meals of the day with half the assigned daily dose taken on each occasion. Fasting venous blood samples were collected before commencement and upon completion of randomised treatment. The mean age of study participants was 44 years, 62% were female and 62% had a history of hypercholesterolaemia. Baseline mean total cholesterol was 5.5 mmol/l and LDL‐cholesterol was 3.2 mmol/l. Compared with placebo, the 2.3 g/d plant sterol dose reduced total cholesterol by 0.25 (95% CI 0.07, 0.43) mmol/l (P = 0.01) and the 1.5 g/d dose by 0.23 (95% CI 0.06, 0.41) mmol/l (P = 0.01). For LDL‐cholesterol the corresponding reductions were 0.17 (95% CI 0.00, 0.35) mmol/l (P = 0.06) and 0.15 (95% CI ‐0.02, 0.32) mmol/l (P = 0.08). For neither outcome was there evidence of differences between the effects of the two doses (both P values >0.4). In conclusion, the consumption of plant sterol‐enriched milk tea decreased cholesterol concentrations although to a lesser extent than was anticipated. The reason for reduced efficacy is unclear but may be attributable to the novel food format used or the Chinese population studied.
Randomized controlled trial of the effect of phytosterols-enriched low-fat milk on lipid profile in Chinese$$$ Phytosterols found naturally in plants are known to reduce cholesterol absorption in the gut. The traditional southern Chinese diet typically contains many vegetables and not much meat, and there is high prevalence of lactose intolerance in Chinese$$$ we therefore aimed to test if phytosterols‐enriched milk is effective in lowering serum LDL‐cholesterol in Chinese. Two hundred and twenty‐one participants (41 men and 180 women$$$ age 24‐79) without cholesterol‐lowering drugs or diabetes mellitus were randomized to daily intake of phytosterols‐enriched low‐fat milk which contained 1.5 g phytosterols per day (N = 110) or a conventional low‐fat milk (N = 111) for three weeks. Fasting bloods were taken before and at the end of the study for the measurement of lipid and glucose profile. Physical examination was also performed. Comparing treatment with control, treatment group had significant decrease in serum LDL‐cholesterol level (9.5 ± 2.0%$$$ p < 0.0001). Phytosterols intake also decreased total cholesterol (P < 0.0001) and diastolic blood pressure (P = 0.01). Consumption of a phytosterols‐enriched low‐fat milk led to a significant fall in LDL‐cholesterol, total cholesterol, and diastolic blood pressure in Chinese. This can be recommended as part of a healthy diet for people. (ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT02541201$$$ Date of registration: 26 Aug 2015).
Streptococcus thermophilus fermented milk reduces serum MDA-LDL and blood pressure in healthy and mildly hypercholesterolaemic adults$$$ Low‐density lipoprotein (LDL)‐cholesterol, malondialdehyde‐modified low‐density lipoprotein (MDA‐LDL), MDA‐LDL/LDL‐cholesterol in serum, and blood pressure are considered useful risk markers of cardiovascular diseases. This study aimed to examine whether a fermented milk containing Streptococcus thermophilus YIT 2001 (ST), which has high anti‐oxidative activity, would benefit healthy and mildly hyper‐LDL‐cholesterolaemic adults via a randomised, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial. ST‐fermented milk or non‐fermented placebo milk (PC) was consumed once a day for 12 weeks by 29 and 30 subjects, respectively, with average serum LDL‐cholesterol levels of about 140 mg/dl. Serum levels of LDL‐cholesterol and MDA‐LDL and blood pressure were analysed before (baseline) and after consumption. Comparisons of the responses between both groups were assessed using analysis of covariance (ANCOVA, with the baseline value as the covariate). ANCOVA demonstrated that the ST group had significant reductions in MDA‐LDL, MDA‐LDL/LDL‐cholesterol, systolic blood pressure (SBP), and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) compared with the PC group during the consumption period (P<0.05). Moreover, stratified analysis revealed that there were significant reductions in MDA‐LDL, MDA‐LDL/LDL‐cholesterol, SBP, and DBP in the ST group compared with the PC group during the consumption period in subjects who had above median (65 U/l) levels of oxidative stress marker MDA‐LDL at baseline (P<0.05), but not in subjects with levels below the median. These findings suggest that daily consumption of ST‐fermented milk may be beneficial in healthy or mildly hyper‐LDL cholesterolaemic subjects through reductions in risk marker values of oxidative stress and/or cardiovascular diseases. The benefits were particularly remarkable in subjects who had higher levels of MDA‐LDL.
Soy milk with a high glycitein content does not reduce low-density lipoprotein cholesterolemia in type II hypercholesterolemic patients$$$ In order to evaluate acceptability and effectiveness of a partial addition of soy protein to the daily diet in well‐established type II hypercholesterolemic individuals, a double‐blind study was carried out with a soy milk providing 25 g/day of protein versus an identically formulated cow's milk. Twenty patients with type II hypercholesterolemia, 4 males and 16 females, age range 38‐76 years, all with cholesterol levels >7 mmol/l and low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol <5.5 mmol/l, were selected. Significant triglyceride elevations (WHO Fredrickson type IIB) were present in 4 patients, and the body mass index was 24.2 +/‐ 3.47 kg/m(2). Different from prior studies, either with isoflavone‐free products or with a moderately isoflavone‐rich milk, the milk in the present study did not reduce total and low‐density lipoprotein cholesterolemia. A detailed analysis of the composition showed significant differences in the isoflavone content versus products used in prior studies with a positive outcome. Soy milk isoflavones were, in fact, characterized by a high glycitein content and a low genistein/daidzein ratio. Glycitein is a minor component in most soy products, and its role in cholesterol regulation is unclear. In view of the high interest in the use of soy products for the prevention of coronary diseases, the metabolic behavior of different isoflavones in man should be better characterized, and the role of isoflavone composition of soy products given for the control of cholesterolemia needs further clarification.
Influence of diets containing cow's milk or soy protein beverage on plasma lipids in children with familial hypercholesterolemia$$$ The present article summarizes the effects of diets containing either cow's milk or soy protein beverage on plasma lipids and lipoproteins in children with familial hypercholesterolemia. After a stabilization period of 6 weeks without any hypolipemic medication, 10 subjects aged 6‐12 years were randomly assigned to either cow's milk or soy protein beverage with subsequent crossover after a washout period, each of 4 weeks duration. During the experimental periods, subjects were fed diets containing 20% of energy as protein, of which 35% was from cow's milk protein or soy protein isolate, 28% of energy as fat with a polyunsaturated:monounsaturated:saturated fat ratio of 1:3:3, and less than 200 mg/day of cholesterol. The soy protein beverage, compared to cow's milk, induced significant reductions in plasma triglycerides and very‐low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol, as well as a significant increase in high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol, indicating that consumption of soy protein beverage may be beneficial for the prevention of coronary heart disease in children with familial hypercholesterolemia.
Cardiometabolic Indices after Weight Loss with Calcium or Dairy Foods: secondary Analyses from a Randomized Trial with Overweight/Obese Postmenopausal Women$$$ The role of dairy foods and calcium/vitamin D supplements in cardiometabolic diseases is unknown. The objective of this secondary analysis is to investigate cardiometabolic risk factors changes after a 6‐month weight‐loss intervention in overweight/obese postmenopausal women divided in three groups: Ca+vitamin D supplements (S)$$$ low‐fat dairy foods (D$$$ 4−5 servings/day)$$$ or control/placebo pills (C), as complements to hypocaloric diets. The original study focused on bone/body composition. This analysis included blood pressure (BP), and serum triglycerides, lipids (including apoproteins Apo1 and ApoB), adipokines, and C‐reactive protein in n = 97 participants who finished with complete data points. Systolic BP decreased 5.1%, 4.8%, and 1.8% in S, D, and C groups, respectively (p < 0.05 for S and D vs. baseline and vs. C at 6 months). Reduction in triglycerides and ratio of total cholesterol (TC)/high‐density lipoproteins cholesterol (HDL‐C) was the highest in S, while the reduction in TC and LDL‐C was the highest in D group (all p < 0.05). Leptin and ApoB significantly decreased and adiponectin and ApoA1 increased in all groups. In conclusion, although the C group’s participants experienced an improvement in some of the cardiometabolic indices with weight loss, those in the S and D groups showed significantly better results in most of the outcomes, indicating the beneficial effects of low‐fat dairy foods and/or Ca+vitamin D intake as complements to a hypocaloric diet.
A flexible, low-glycemic index mexican-style diet in overweight and obese subjects with type 2 diabetes improves metabolic parameters during a 6-week treatment period$$$ OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to compare the effects of a flexible lower‐ and higher‐glycemic index (GI) Mexican‐style diet on biochemical data and BMI during a 6‐week treatment period. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This study was a randomized, crossover design of two 6‐week periods with a 6‐week washout period between treatments. Subjects with type 2 diabetes (n = 36) with a BMI >25 kg/m(2) were selected. Fourteen subjects completed the study with eligible dietary records. Dietary instruction was provided on flexible diets with both a high and low GI. Fasting venous blood samples were taken at the start and finish of each dietary period, and biochemical data were analyzed. Multi‐ and univariate one‐factor repeated‐measures ANOVA were used to compare biochemical data. RESULTS: Glycemic load and GI were lower during the low‐GI diet, and dietary fiber was lower during the high‐GI diet. The participants in the low‐GI period consumed significantly fewer carbohydrates, such as white‐wheat bread, white long‐grain rice, potatoes, high‐GI fruits, and carrots, and more carbohydrates, such as pinto beans, whole‐meal wheat bread, and low‐GI fruits than did participants in the high‐GI period. There were no differences in the amount of carbohydrates consumed, such as corn tortillas and dairy products. At the end of the study periods, A1c was improved on the low‐ compared with the high‐GI diet (P < 0.008). CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that a low‐GI diet, containing Mexican‐style foods, may help to improve the metabolic control in type 2 obese diabetic subjects during a 6‐week period.
Increased dairy product consumption as part of a diet and exercise weight management program improves body composition in adolescent females with overweight and obesity-A randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Exercise can improve body composition in adolescents and adults with overweight/obesity. Consumption of dairy foods, as part of a healthy lifestyle program, can also promote favourable body composition changes in adults with overweight/obesity. However, the few studies examining these combined effects on body composition in adolescents are inconclusive. Objective: To determine whether increased dairy product consumption, as part of a lifestyle modification program featuring exercise training and dietary guidance promotes favourable body composition changes in adolescent females with overweight/obesity. Methods: Fifty‐four participants (age: 14.8 ± 2.2y$$$ BMI percentile: 95th ± 6) assigned to three groups completed the study. There were two experimental groups: recommended dairy (RDa$$$ n = 24) and low dairy (LDa$$$ n = 22), and a no‐intervention control group (Con$$$ n = 8). RDa and LDa participated in a 12‐week, eucaloric, lifestyle modification intervention consisting of mixed‐mode exercise (3x/week), and nutritional counselling. RDa was provided 4 servings/day of dairy foods, while LDa and Con maintained habitually low intakes (0‐2 servings/day). Body weight/composition, waist/hip circumference, cardiovascular fitness and food intake were assessed at weeks 0 and 12. Results: Weight did not significantly change in any group. RDa significantly decreased fat mass (FM) and increased lean mass (LM) more than LDa and Con (FM: −1.3 ± 2.1 kg, −1.1 ± 2.0 kg, 0.8 ± 1.8 kg$$$ LM: 1.5 ± 1.9 kg, 0.7 ± 1.6 kg, 0.5 ± 1.4 kg, respectively). LDa also significantly decreased FM and increased LM more than Con (P <.005$$$ all interactions). Conclusion: The inclusion of dairy foods in the diet of adolescent females with overweight/obesity, as part of a diet and exercise intervention, favourably improves body composition in the absence of weight loss.
Dairy calcium intake, serum vitamin D, and successful weight loss$$$ BACKGROUND: The role of dairy calcium intake and serum vitamin D concentrations in weight loss is controversial. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to assess the association of dairy calcium intake and serum vitamin D with weight loss. DESIGN: We analyzed data from participants in the 2‐y Dietary Intervention Randomized Controlled Trial (DIRECT) [n = 322$$$ mean body mass index (BMI$$$ in kg/m²): 31$$$ mean age: 52 y]. A representative sample (n = 126) was followed for 6 mo for serum vitamin D changes. RESULTS: Baseline serum 25‐hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] concentrations decreased significantly across the tertiles of baseline BMI (25.6 ± 8.0, 24.1 ± 8.9, and 22.9 ± 6.8 ng/mL, respectively$$$ P for trend = 0.02). Baseline concentrations of vitamin D and dairy calcium intake were not associated with subsequent weight loss. However, in repeated‐measures models adjusted for age, sex, baseline BMI, total fat intake, and diet group assignment, higher 6‐mo tertile levels of dairy calcium intake (median for tertiles: 156.5, 358.0, and 582.9 mg/d, respectively) and serum 25(OH)D (14.5, 21.2, and 30.2 ng/mL, respectively) were associated with increased weight loss across the 2‐y intervention (‐3.3, ‐3.5, and ‐5.3 kg, respectively, for dairy calcium$$$ P = 0.043$$$ ‐3.1, ‐3.8, and ‐5.6 kg, respectively, for vitamin D$$$ P = 0.013). In a multivariate logistic regression adjusted simultaneously for age, sex, baseline BMI, total fat intake, diet group, vitamin D concentration, and dairy calcium, an increase of 1 SD in dairy calcium intake increased the likelihood of weight loss of >4.5 kg in the preceding 6 mo [odds ratio (OR): 1.45$$$ P = 0.046]. A similar increase was seen for serum 25(OH)D at the 6‐mo point (OR: 1.7$$$ P = 0.009). CONCLUSION: Our study suggests that both higher dairy calcium intake and increased serum vitamin D are related to greater diet‐induced weight loss. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00160108.
Impact of dairy consumption on essential hypertension: a clinical study$$$ BACKGROUND: Several studies have presented evidence suggesting that dairy consumption has beneficial effects on blood pressure (BP) in healthy subjects$$$ however, only a few studies have examined this possibility in patients with established essential hypertension using ambulatory blood pressure monitoring. The objective of this study was to investigate how consuming dairy products impacts mean daytime systolic and diastolic BP in men and women with mild to moderate essential hypertension. METHODS: Eighty‐nine men and women with systolic BP ≥ 135 mm Hg and ≤ 160 mm Hg and diastolic BP ≤ 110 mm Hg were enrolled in this single‐blind, randomized, cross‐over, controlled study. Participants had to incorporate three daily servings of dairy products or control products equivalent in macronutrients and sodium during four‐week treatment phases. Twenty‐four hour ambulatory BP and endothelial function were assessed at screening and at the end of each dietary phase. RESULTS: The consumption of three daily servings of dairy products led to a significant reduction in mean daytime ambulatory systolic BP (‐2 mm Hg$$$ P = 0.05) in men compared with readings after the control phase. In women, dairy consumption had no effect on ambulatory systolic BP. Moreover, endothelial function was significantly improved by dairy consumption in the whole cohort. CONCLUSION: These data indicate that the consumption of three daily servings of dairy products have beneficial effects on daytime systolic ambulatory BP compared to a heart‐healthy, dairy‐free, diet in men with mild to moderate essential hypertension. TRIAL REGISTRATION: This trial is registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01776216.
Effects of fruits and vegetables and dairy foods on platelet activity$$$ Our past research has shown that a dairy‐rich diet produces an ideal intracellular environment (significantly lower intracellular calcium (Ca)i to magnesium ratio) compared with two low dairy/calcium diets. This study examined the effect of dairy foods on platelet activity, which is regulated by (Ca)i. Adults with untreated hypertension (n=16) were fed 3 experimental diets (5 wk each) in a randomized crossover study design. Diets included a dairy rich, high fruits and vegetables diet (D‐F&V$$$ 30% fat, 7% saturated fat [SFA], 3.4 servings [svg]/d dairy, 9.6 svg/d F&V), a high fruits and vegetables diet (F&V$$$ 30% fat, 7% SFA, 0.4 svg/d dairy, 9.6 svg/d F&V), and an average Western diet (AWD$$$ 36% fat, 15% SFA, 0.4 svg/d dairy, 3.6 svg/d F&V). (Ca)i mobilization in platelets was measured after treatment with vasopression (VP) by flow cytometry. As expected, VP induced a rapid elevation in (Ca)i from baseline on all diets (p's < 0.01). Peak change in (Ca)i was 130% higher on AWD vs D‐F&V and F&V diets (p's < 0.05). Serum P‐selectin, a marker of platelet activation, was higher on AWD vs. D‐F&V diet (p < 0.02), while the F&V diet was not different from either. Taken together, the AWD appears to detrimentally affect platelet properties in hypertensive subjects compared with diets high in fruits and vegetables$$$ and dairy foods may offer additional benefits.
Safety and efficacy of antenatal milk expressing for women with diabetes in pregnancy: protocol for a randomised controlled trial$$$ INTRODUCTION: Many maternity providers recommend that women with diabetes in pregnancy express and store breast milk in late pregnancy so breast milk is available after birth, given (1) infants of these women are at increased risk of hypoglycaemia in the first 24 h of life$$$ and (2) the delay in lactogenesis II compared with women without diabetes that increases their infant's risk of receiving infant formula. The Diabetes and Antenatal Milk Expressing (DAME) trial will establish whether advising women with diabetes in pregnancy (pre‐existing or gestational) to express breast milk from 36 weeks gestation increases the proportion of infants who require admission to special or neonatal intensive care units (SCN/NICU) compared with infants of women receiving standard care. Secondary outcomes include birth gestation, breastfeeding outcomes and economic impact. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: Women will be recruited from 34 weeks gestation to a multicentre, two arm, unblinded randomised controlled trial. The intervention starts at 36 weeks. Randomisation will be stratified by site, parity and diabetes type. Women allocated to the intervention will be taught expressing and encouraged to hand express twice daily for 10 min and keep an expressing diary. The sample size of 658 (329 per group) will detect a 10% difference in proportion of babies admitted to SCN/NICU (85% power, α 0.05). Data are collected at recruitment (structured questionnaire), after birth (abstracted from medical record blinded to group), and 2 and 12 weeks postpartum (telephone interview). DATA ANALYSIS: the intervention group will be compared with the standard care group by intention to treat analysis, and the primary outcome compared using χ(2) and ORs. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: Research ethics approval will be obtained from participating sites. Results will be published in peer‐reviewed journals and presented to clinicians, policymakers and study participants. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: Australian Controlled Trials Register ACTRN12611000217909.
Acute Flaxseed Intake Reduces Postprandial Glycemia in Subjects with Type 2 Diabetes: a Randomized Crossover Clinical Trial$$$ Background: Postprandial glycemic excursions are associated with impairment control of diabetes mellitus. Long‐term consumption of flaxseed can lower blood glucose levels$$$ however, its effects on the postprandial glycemic response remain unknown. Therefore, this study aimed to evaluate the acute effects of raw flaxseed consumption on the 2 h postprandial glycemic curve in men with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Methods: This was a randomized crossover clinical trial. Nineteen men with T2DM were randomly assigned a standardized breakfast without (control) or with a previous intake of 15 g of ground raw golden flaxseed (flax). Glycemia was measured at fasting and postprandial at 15, 30, 45, 60, 90, and 120 min. Palatability markers (visual appeal, smell, and pleasantness of taste) and taste intensity (sweetness, saltiness, bitterness, sourness, and creaminess) were evaluated. Results: The peak glucose rise and the 2 h AUC glycemic response reduced in the flax group by 17% (p = 0.001) and 24% (p < 0.001), respectively. The glucose peak time, palatability, and taste parameters did not differ between the two groups. Conclusions: Ingestion of 15 g of ground raw golden flaxseed before breakfast decreases the 2 h postprandial glycemic response in men with T2DM.
Effect of dairy and non-dairy calcium on fecal fat excretion in lactose digester and maldigester obese adults$$$ BACKGROUND: The effect of dietary calcium (Ca) on fecal fat excretion in lactose maldigestion is not known. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effect of dairy and non‐dairy dietary Ca on fecal fat excretion in lactose digesters and maldigesters during moderate energy restriction. DESIGN: A randomized cross‐over trial comparing the effect of 500 mg versus 1500 mg dairy and non‐dairy Ca on fecal fat excretion in 34 healthy adults during moderate (‐30%) energy restriction induced weight loss for 12 weeks. The participants were classified as lactose digester or maldigester on the basis of breath hydrogen test. MEASUREMENTS: Anthropometric parameters and body composition, resting energy expenditure, energy and nutrient intake, fecal fat, physical activity, blood pressure, blood and urine sampling for pertinent measurements. RESULTS: Fecal fat loss expressed as percent of fat intake was significantly higher with 1500 mg (high Ca) as compared with 500 mg (low Ca) Ca intake per day (mean: 3.0%$$$ 95% CI: 2.3 to 3.7%$$$ P<0.001) independent of Ca source and lactose digestion status. CONCLUSIONS: During a moderate energy restriction induced weight loss, a high‐Ca diet causes an increase in fecal fat excretion independent of Ca source. Ca intake related fecal fat loss is also independent of the ability to digest lactose and it is not diminished over time (US Clinical Trial Registration: Clinicaltrials.gov NCT00808275).
Effects of soy protein on lipoprotein lipids and fecal bile acid excretion in men and women with moderate hypercholesterolemia$$$ BACKGROUND: Soy protein (SP) and low‐fat dairy product consumption have been suggested to have hypocholesterolemic effects, although the responsible mechanisms are poorly understood. OBJECTIVE: This randomized, controlled, parallel arm trial evaluated the effects of an insoluble fraction of SP and total milk proteins (TMPs) with high calcium content on the fasting lipid profile. It also assessed the potential contributions of increased excretion of bile acids and neutral sterols to their lipid‐altering effects. METHODS: Subjects with hypercholesterolemia (low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol [LDL‐C] 100‐199 mg/dL) followed the Therapeutic Lifestyle Changes diet for 4 weeks, followed by a 2‐week lead‐in with 3.75 g/d colesevelam HCl. Individuals with LDL‐C lowering of ≥5.0% with colesevelam HCl were randomly assigned to one of two groups after a 3‐week washout: 1) 25 g/d of an insoluble fraction of partially hydrolyzed SP or 2) 25 g/d TMP. RESULTS: Both SP and TMP reduced atherogenic lipoproteins, as indicated by changes in total cholesterol (‐7.4% and ‐3.6%), LDL‐C (‐10.9% and ‐5.9%), nonhigh‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (‐10.8% and ‐3.9%), and apolipoprotein B (‐9.7% and ‐2.4%), respectively (P < .05 for between group differences except LDL‐C, P = .085). No significant increases were observed in either group for fecal bile acids or neutral sterols. CONCLUSION: These results confirm that SP consumption exerts a hypocholesterolemic effect and indicate that TMP elicits a less pronounced response. However, these findings do not support the hypothesis that increased bile acid excretion is an important contributor to the hypocholesterolemic effects of either protein source.
A 20 g collagen protein hydrolysate and milk protein blend, stimulates muscle anabolism equivalently to a milk protein blend containing higher quantities of essential amino acids$$$ Introduction: Collagen protein (CP)‐supplements enhance muscle growth/strength alongside resistance‐exercise [1, 2] and maintain superior nitrogen balance vs. whey‐or‐milk proteins (MP) [3]. While acute stimulatory effects of CP on muscle protein synthesis (MPS) have been queried [4], the effects of CP‐blends remain ill‐defined. We investigated MPS responses to blended vs. non‐blended proteinsource supplements, in older adults. Methods: Healthy older men (N = 7, 71 ± 2 y, BMI 27 ± 3) underwent a randomized trial of 20 g protein from either a CP+ MP blend (Fresubin® 3.2 kcal) or a kcal‐matched [higher in essential amino acids (EAA)] drink of MP alone. Vastus lateralis (VL) MPS was determined using stable isotope‐tracer techniques and 'anabolic signaling' via immuno‐blotting using VL biopsies taken at 0/2/4 h. Blood samples were collected throughout$$$ with insulin measured via ELISA, and plasma AA by mass spectrometry. Results: Plasma leucine increased in both trials [peak (P‐), CP ? MP: 127 lM, P<0.05, MP: 181 lM, P<0.0001)], whilst glycine increased in CP only (CP+ MP: 384 ± 52 lM, P<0.0001, MP: 174 ± 6 lM, P = NS). Plasma insulin increased in both trials (P‐, CP+ MP: 58 mU/L, MP: 42 mU min/L both P<0.01), AUC (CP+ MP: 7127 ± 1260 vs. MP: 6194 ± 1190 mU min/L). MPS increased equally across‐trials, from ∗ 0.049 ± 0.004% h, to CP ? MP: 0.086 ± 0.011% h and, MP: 0.083 ± 0.013% h (both P<0.05). Muscle p‐mTOR fold‐change (FC) from baseline increased with CP+ MP (2 h: 4.7 ± 1.6, 4 h: 3.7 ± 2) and MP (2 h: 2.2 ± 0.4, 4 h: 1.4 ± 0.3) (time P<0.05). Similarly, p‐AKT FC increased in both trials (CP+ MP, 2 h: 3.2 ± 1, 4 h: 2.2 ± 1, MP, 2 h: 2.5 ± 0.3 4 h: 1.4 ± 0.3) (time P<0.01). Conclusion: A 20 g mixed blend (CP+ MP) resulted in equivalent MPS responses to MP alone, and thus may be a suitable alternative for use in older adults.
Cardiovascular benefits of combined interval training and post-exercise nutrition in type 2 diabetes$$$ AIM: The purpose of this study was to examine whether the combination of high‐intensity interval training (HIIT) and post‐exercise protein supplementation would improve cardiovascular outcomes in individuals with T2D. METHODS: In a double‐blind controlled trial, fifty‐three adults with T2D (free of CVD and not on exogenous insulin) were randomized to 12weeks of cardio and resistance‐based HIIT (4‐10×1min at 90% maximal heart rate) with post‐exercise milk, milk‐protein, or placebo supplementation, thrice weekly. Before and after, carotid and femoral artery intima media thickness (IMT) and femoral flow profiles were assessed using high‐resolution ultrasound. Central and peripheral arterial stiffness were assessed by pulse wave velocity (PWV), and resting and maximal heart rate rates were measured. RESULTS: After 12weeks of HIIT femoral IMT (Pre: 0.84±0.21mm vs. Post: 0.81±0.16mm, p=0.03), carotid‐femoral PWV (Pre: 10.1±3.2m/s vs. Post: 8.6±1.8m/s, p<0.01) and resting heart rate (Pre: 70.4±10.8bpm vs. Post: 67.8±8.6 bpm, p=0.01) were all significantly lower. There were no differences between nutrition groups (all significant main effects of time) for all outcomes. CONCLUSION: HIIT reduces femoral IMT, arterial stiffness and resting heart rate in individuals with T2D. The addition of post‐exercise milk or protein to HIIT did not have additive effects for improving cardiovascular outcomes in the present study. Taken together, HIIT alone may be an effective means to reduce the burden of cardiovascular complications in T2D.
Glucose and insulin responses to meals containing milk, lactose, glucose or fructose in subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes$$$ The postprandial blood glucose and serum insulin responses to liquid test meals containing 40 g carbohydrate from milk, lactose, glucose or fructose and equal amounts of energy were compared in 10 non‐insulin‐dependent (type 2) diabetic patients. The meals were consumed in random order on consecutive days after an overnight fast. Significant differences (p less than 0.001, ANOVA) were observed between the glucose and insulin responses to the meals. The glucose response was significantly higher after the glucose containing meal and lower after the fructose meal as compared with the other meals. The insulin response was significantly higher after the lactose and glucose meals than after the milk and fructose meals. After the milk and lactose meals the blood glucose responses were similar whereas the insulin response was significantly lower after the milk meal. As lactose apparently was similarly absorbed from the two meals the difference in the insulin response was probably due to different insulinogenic effects of the protein components or to differences in the physical properties of the respective meals.
Cholesterol-lowering effects of plant sterol esters and non-esterified stanols in margarine, butter and low-fat foods$$$ OBJECTIVES: To determine the efficacy on plasma cholesterol‐lowering of plant sterol esters or non‐esterified stanols eaten within low‐fat foods as well as margarine. DESIGN: Randomised, controlled, single‐blind study with sterol esters and non‐esterified plant stanols provided in breakfast cereal, bread and spreads. Study 1 comprised 12 weeks during which sterol esters (2.4 g) and stanol (2.4 g)‐containing foods were eaten during 4 week test periods of cross‐over design following a 4 week control food period. In Study 2, in a random order cross‐over design, a 50% dairy fat spread with or without 2.4 g sterol esters daily was tested. SUBJECTS: Hypercholesterolaemic subjects$$$ 22 in study 1 and 15 in study 2. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Plasma lipids, plasma sterols, plasma carotenoids and tocopherols. RESULTS: Study 1‐median LDL cholesterol was reduced by the sterol esters (‐13.6%$$$ P<0.001 by ANOVA on ranks$$$ P<0.05 by pairwise comparison) and by stanols (‐8.3%$$$ P=0.003, ANOVA and <0.05 pairwise comparison). With sterol esters plasma plant sterol levels rose (35% for sitosterol, 51% for campesterol$$$ P<0.001)$$$ plasma lathosterol rose 20% (P=0.03), indicating compensatory increased cholesterol synthesis. With stanols, plasma sitosterol fell 22% (P=0.004), indicating less cholesterol absorption. None of the four carotenoids measured in plasma changed significantly. In study 2, median LDL cholesterol rose 6.5% with dairy spread and fell 12.2% with the sitosterol ester fortified spread (P=0.03 ANOVA and <5% pairwise comparison). CONCLUSION: 1. Plant sterol esters and non‐esterified stanols, two‐thirds of which were incorporated into low‐fat foods, contributed effectively to LDL cholesterol lowering, extending the range of potential foods. 2. The LDL cholesterol‐raising effect of butter fat could be countered by including sterol esters. 3. Plasma carotenoids and tocopherols were not reduced in this study. SPONSORSHIP: Meadow Lea Foods, Australia.
The effect of giving rice bran milk on blood glucose levels and body weight in hyperglycemic primary school teachers in Makassar city$$$ This study aims to determine the effect of rice bran milk on fasting blood glucose levels and body weight of primary school teachers in Makassar City. This study was quasi‐experimental with pretest‐posttest with control group design. The population is all primary school teachers in Makassar City who have abdominal circumference > 80 cm for woman and >90 for men. The samples are those who meet the inclusion criteria who had fasting blood glucose levels >100 mg/dL, do not consume drugs. Sample selected then randomly divided in to experimental and control group, each group consist of 12 participants. Provision of rice bran milk was given once a day (30 gram) and nutritional education for one month for experimental group and only nutritional education once a day through WhatsApp media for the control group. Blood Glucose level, body weight and 24H dietary recall was reported before and after study both for experiment and control groups. The data were analyzed by paired t‐test and experimental independent samples t‐test, using SPSS. The results of this study showed that, in experimental group, the fasting blood glucose level reduced significantly (p<0.05) but increased in the control group after intervention there were also a significance differences between fasting blood glucose level in experimental and control group (p<0.05). There were a significance differences between body weight before and after intervention in intervention group (p<0.05) but not in control group and there were also a significance differences of body weight between experimental and control groups at posttest. Conclusion, rice bran milk can be used as nutritional supplements for the control of hyperglycemia and body weight of overweight and diabetic individuals.
Effect of probiotic Lactobacillus plantarum Dad-13 powder consumption on the gut microbiota and intestinal health of overweight adults$$$ BACKGROUND Shifting on lifestyle, diet, and physical activity contributed on increasing number of obese people around the world. Multiple factors influence the development of obesity. Some research suggested that gut microbiota (GM) plays an important role in nutrient absorption and energy regulation of individuals, thus affecting their nutritional status. Report of Indonesia Basic Health Research showed that the prevalence of obesity in every province tended to increase. Although the root cause of obesity is excessive calorie intake compared with expenditure, the differences in gut microbial ecology between healthy and obese humans may affect energy homeostasis. GM affect body weight, especially obesity. Probiotics that are consumed while alive and able to colonize in the intestine are expected to increase the population of good bacteria, especially Bifidobacteria and Lactobacilli, and suppress pathogens such as Enterobacteriaceae and Staphylococcus. The strain of L. plantarum Dad‐13 has been demonstrated to survive and colonize in the gastrointestinal tract of healthy Indonesian adults who consume fermented milk containing L. plantarum Dad‐13. The consumption of probiotic L. plantarum Dad‐13 powder decreased E. coli and non‐E. coli coliform bacteria in school‐aged children in Indonesia. L. plantarum is a dominant bacterium in the average Indonesian’s GM. For this reason, this bacterium is probably a more suitable probiotic for Indonesians. AIM To determine the effect of the consumption of indigenous probiotic Lactobacillus plantarum Dad‐13 powder in overweight adults in Yogyakarta (Indonesia). METHODS Sixty overweight volunteers with a body mass index (BMI) equal to or greater than 25 consume indigenous probiotic powder L. plantarum Dad‐13 (2 × 109 CFU/gram/sachet) for 90 d. The study was a randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled study. The volunteers filled in a diary on a daily basis, which consisted of questions on study product intake (only during ingestion period), other food intake, number of bowel movements, fecal quality (consistency and color), any medications received, and any symptom of discomfort, such as diarrhea, constipation, vomiting, gassing, sensation of illness, etc. Fecal samples and the subjects’ diaries were collected on the morning of day 10 + 1, which was marked as the end of the baseline period and the start of the ingestion period. During the ingestion period (from day 11 to day 101), several parameters to measure and analyze the results included body weight and height (once a month), the lipid profile, GM analysis using MiSeq, short‐chain fatty acid (SCFA) analysis using gas chromatography, and the measurement of fecal pH using a pH meter. RESULTS The consumption of indigenous probiotic powder L. plantarum Dad‐13 caused the average body weight and BMI of the probiotic group to decrease from 84.54 ± 17.64 kg to 83.14 ± 14.71 kg and 33.10 ± 6.15 kg/m2 to 32.57 ± 5.01 kg/m2, respectively. No significant reduction of body weight and BMI in the placebo group was observed. An analysis of the microbiota showed that the number of Bacteroidetes, specifically Prevotella, increased significantly, while that of Firmicutes significantly decreased. No significant change in lipid profile in both groups was found. Also, no significant change in SCFAs (e.g., butyrate, propionate, acetic acid) and pH level was found after the consumption of the probiotic. CONCLUSION No significant differences in pH before and after ingestion were observed in both the probiotic and placebo groups as well as in the lipid profile of both cholesterol and triglyceride, high‐density lipoprotein (HDL), low‐density lipoprotein (LDL), and the LDL/HDL ratio. In addition, no significant changes in the concentration of SCFAs (e.g., acetic acid, propionate, and butyrate) were found after consumption. Interestingly, a significant decrease in body weight and BMI (P < 0.05) was determined in the treatment group. An analysis of GM shows that L. plantarum Dad‐13 caused the Firmicutes population to decrease and the Bacteroidetes population (especially Prevotella) to increase.
Evidence for brain serotonin-mediated control of carbohydrate consumption in normal weight and obese humans$$$ A plasma insulin and amino acid‐mediated mechanism is thought to modulate brain serotonin concentration, thereby regulating carbohydrate consumption on a meal to meal basis. It has been suggested that obesity is associated with a defect in the appetite control system. Furthermore, post‐absorptive plasma levels of several amino acids are increased in obese subjects, which is ascribed to obesity‐associated insulin resistance and/or hyperinsulinemia. We studied breakfast‐induced changes in plasma ratios of tryptophan to other large neutral amino acids and associated differences in macro‐nutrient composition of lunch food in normal weight and obese human subjects. The study was randomized, double blind and cross‐over with a 2 x 2 factorial design with drug/placebo and type of breakfast as factors. Nineteen healthy, non‐obese (body mass index (BMI) 22.5 +/‐ 1.9 kg/m2, mean +/‐ s.d.) and 19 obese (BMI 34.7 +/‐ 6.2 kg/m2) female volunteers were treated with either 60 mg fluoxetine (FXT), a serotonin re‐uptake blocker specifically acting in the brain, or placebo for four days with a wash‐out period between treatments of four weeks. The subjects received either a carbohydrate (CHO) breakfast (80 g maltodextrin, 300 kcal) or a protein‐rich (PROT) breakfast (60% milk protein and 40% CHO, 300 kcal) on two consecutive days (days 4 and 5 of each treatment period). Plasma glucose, insulin and amino acids were measured at several time points after breakfast. Three hours after breakfast, subjects were able to choose from 29 different food items. Total energy content and weight of lunch food and energy percentage of each macronutrient were calculated.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Effects of Probiotic Supplementation on Nutrient Intake, Ghrelin, and Adiponectin Concentrations in Diabetic Hemodialysis Patients$$$ Objective: The paper aimed to explore the effect of probiotic supplementation on nutrient intake, Ghrelin, and adiponectin concentrations in diabetic hemodialysis patients. Methods: A total of 86 patients with diabetic nephropathy who received hemodialysis treatment in the Department of Nephrology of the First People's Hospital of Shanghai from May 2019 to March 2021 were selected as the research subjects, including 52 male patients and 34 female patients, with an average age of 56.57 ± 4.28. According to the research protocol, the patients were divided into the control group (n = 30) and the observation group (n = 56). In the control group, dietary soybean milk was used as a placebo. In the observation group, capsules containing probiotics Lactobacillus acidophilus, Lactobacillus casei, and Bifidobacterium were taken with soybean milk. All patients signed an informed consent form before being included in the study. The results of the experimental biochemical analysis and the archived data counted the general data of the patients. Plasma adiponectin concentrations were measured with a commercially available human enzyme immunoassay kit. Ghrelin concentrations were estimated by specific commercial methods. Correlation software was used to calculate patient nutritional intake data. Serum creatinine, insulin resistance, fasting blood glucose, and levels of oxidative stress and inflammatory factors were measured using appropriate biochemical assays. Results: There was no difference in baseline characteristics between the two groups (P > .05). Before treatment, there was no difference in serum adiponectin concentration between the two groups (P > .05). After treatment, the serum adiponectin concentration in the observation group was lower than in the control group (P < .05). Before treatment, there was no difference in serum ghrelin levels between the two groups (P > .05). After treatment, serum ghrelin levels in the observation group were higher than in the control group (P < .05). Before treatment, there was no difference in nutrient intake between the two groups (P > .05). After treatment, the nutrient intake in the observation group was higher than in the control group (P < .05). Serum creatinine, fasting blood glucose, urine protein/creatinine ratio, and HOMA‐IR in the observation group were lower than in the control group (P < .05). The serum levels of malondialdehyde, C‐reactive protein, and TNF‐α in the observation group were lower than those in the control group (P < .05), and the levels of glutathione in the observation group were higher than those in the control group (P < .05). Conclusion: Supplementation of probiotics in DN dialysis patients can increase serum ghrelin concentration, increase nutrient intake through appetite regulation, and reduce adiponectin level, which is beneficial to blood sugar control, insulin resistance, and renal function.
The effect of acute hyperglycaemia on appetite and food intake in Type 1 diabetes mellitus$$$ AIMS: To determine the effects of acute hyperglycaemia on appetite and food intake in Type 1 diabetes mellitus. METHODS: Two separate studies, each involving eight adults with uncomplicated Type 1 diabetes, were performed: one in the fasted state (A) and the other after a nutrient preload (B). In both studies, perceptions of appetite (hunger and fullness) and food intake at a buffet meal were evaluated during euglycaemia (blood glucose, approximately 6 mmol/l) and hyperglycaemia (blood glucose, approximately 14 mmol/l). Both experiments were randomized and single‐blind. In study A, appetite was assessed in the fasted state for 90 min before the buffet meal. In study B, a nutrient 'preload' of Ensure and milk containing 13C‐octanoic acid was consumed 90 min before the meal. Gastric emptying of the preload was quantified with a radioisotopic breath test technique. RESULTS: There was no significant difference in plasma insulin concentrations between euglycaemia and hyperglycaemia in either study. In study A, there were no differences in hunger, fullness or energy intake between the two treatment days. In study B, subjects were slightly less hungry between the preload and buffet meal during hyperglycaemia than euglycaemia (P = 0.04), and tended to have slower gastric emptying during hyperglycaemia (emptying coefficient, 3.89 +/‐ 0.16 vs. 3.57 +/‐ 0.21$$$ P = 0.052), but there was no difference in food intake between hyperglycaemia and euglycaemia. CONCLUSIONS: Acute hyperglycaemia suppresses hunger after a nutrient preload, but not in the fasted state, in patients with uncomplicated Type 1 diabetes. This effect is small and not associated with changes in food intake.
Effects of soymilk containing soy protein on human serum cholesterol in normal and borderline hypercholesterolemia subjects$$$ The effect of 12 weeks intake of soymilk containing 6.9g soy protein on human serum cholesterol and the safety were investigated using Japanese normal and borderline hypercholesterolaemic subjects. 84 subjects (50 men, 34 female, average age 46.0 years old) were randomly divided into 2 groups (test group or placebo group). Test group was given 200mL soymilk which was soymilk containing 6.9g soy protein or placebo for 12 weeks. Blood test and medical examination by interview were carried out at every month. Total cholesterol level was significantly decreased in the test group from 221.9mg (0 week) to 207.2mg/dL (12 weeks), although placebo group was not changed during 12 weeks. And significantly difference between test and placebo groups was observed at variation of 12 weeks. Moreover, in the test group on 220mg/dL or higher of total cholesterol level was significantly decreased from 242.2mg (0 week) to 220.0mg/dL (12 weeks), and LDL‐ cholesterol level was significantly decreased from 147.6mg (0 week) to 134.0mg/dL (8 weeks), although placebo group was not changed during 12 weeks. And total and LDL‐ cholesterol levels were significantly differences between test and placebo groups at 12 weeks and more LDL‐ cholesterol level was significantly difference at 8 weeks. And there was no side effect in the blood test except for blood lipids and the confirmation of conscious and subconscious symptom. These results suggest that soymilk containing 6.9g soy protein has obviously serum cholesterol lowering effect on subjects with total cholesterol. And it is safe and useful to enhance and maintain the health.
Effect of high in comparison to low dairy intake intervention on markers of bone and cartilage remodeling and phosphate metabolism in healthy adults with overweight$$$ Background: In the ageing population, issues with bone and joint health are highly prevalent. Both beneficial and potential risks of dairy products on bone and joint health are reported in epidemiological studies. Furthermore, the phosphorus (P) load from dairy could potentially lead to unfavorable changes in P metabolism. Objective: To investigate the effect of dairy intake on markers of bone and joint metabolism and P metabolism in an intervention study with high and low dairy intake. Methods: In a post hoc analysis of a randomized cross‐over trial with overweight adults, the effect of a standardized high dairy intake [HDI (5–6 dairy portions per day) versus low dairy intake (LDI, ≤ 1 dairy portion/day)] for 6 weeks on markers of bone and joint health was assessed using enzyme‐linked immunosorbent assays and electrochemiluminescence immunoassays. Markers indicative for cartilage breakdown, including urinary CTX‐II, serum COMP and 4‐hydroxyproline, and markers indicative for bone remodeling, such as serum CTX‐I, PTH, 25(OH)D, osteocalcin, P1NP and FGF23, were investigated using linear mixed models. Furthermore, changes in P metabolism, including the main phosphate‐regulating hormone FGF23 were explored. Results: This study was completed by 46 adults (57% female, age 59 ± 4 years, BMI 28 ± 2 kg/m2). Following HDI, markers such as urinary CTX‐II excretion, COMP, 25(OH)D, PTH and CTX‐I were significantly lower after HDI, as compared to LDI. For example, CTX‐II excretion was 1688 ng/24 h at HDI, while it was 2050 ng/24 h at LDI (p < 0.001). Concurrently, P intake was higher at HDI than at LDI (2090 vs 1313 mg/day, p < 0.001). While plasma P levels did not differ (1.03 vs 1.04 mmol/L in LDI, p = 0.36), urinary P excretion was higher at HDI than at LDI (31 vs 28 mmol/L, p = 0.04). FGF23 levels tended to be higher at HDI than at LDI (76.3 vs. 72.9 RU/mL, p = 0.07). Conclusions: HDI, as compared to LDI, reduced markers that are indicative for joint and bone resorption and bone turnover. No changes in P metabolism were observed. Clinical trial registry: This trial was registered at https://trialsearch.who.int/Trial2.aspx?TrialID=NTR4899 as NTR4899.
The comparison between the effects of traditional and integrated modern breast massage on the size of breast masses caused by plugged milk ducts in lactating mothers$$$ INTERVENTION: Position the patient on her back with 45o head elevation using one pillow. Massage procedure 1.Place both hands on the breast and start the massage by applying pressure through finger area. Massage around the breast approximately 5 times. 2.For 5 minutes, massage the breast in circular motion starting from the base of the breast toward the nipple, by applying pressure through index, middle, and ring fingers which are aligned together. 3.Manual expression of breast milk until the milk stop flowing, then repeat steps (1) through (3) until no milk flow is observed after manual expression. 4.The total massage duration is approximately 30 minutes 5.Measure the mass size and scoring for pain., Massage procedure 1. Butterfly stroke: Massage with both hands by applying pressure in circular motion through palmar side of 2nd through 5th fingers. Massage around the breast 5 times starting from the nipple toward the base of the breast. 2. Fingertip circles: Support the breast with the right hand, while massage around the breast 5 times with the other by applying pressure through the tips of 2nd through 5th fingers. 3. Diamond stroke: Grasp the base of the breast between 2 hands the squeeze it gently while moveing both hand toward the nipple. The duration from steps (1) through (3) is 5 minutes. 4. Lymphatic drainage stroke: Massage with both hands by applying pressure in circular motion through palmar side of 2nd through 5th fingers. Massage around the breast for 5 minutes starting from the nipple toward the axillar. 5. Massage for 2 minutes with circular motion around the areolar area. 6. With the thumb and index fingers of non‐dominant hand, fix the mass. Massage around the areolar area with the other hand for 2 minutes, then manually express breast milk. Repeatedly alternate between the massage and breast milk expression until the milk stops flowing. Steps (2) through (3) and then (6) could be repeated until no milk flow CONDITION: Plugged milk duct in lactating mothers $$$ plugged milk duct, breast massage, mastitis, breast abscess plugged milk duct, breast massage, mastitis, breast abscess PRIMARY OUTCOME: Time (days) to resolution of breast masses [Timeframe After treatment initiation Number of days after treatment initiation until the breast mass cannot be palpated.] SECONDARY OUTCOME: Complications (breast abscess and/or nipple infection) [Timeframe during and after the treatment Clinical diagnosis by attending physicians] Pain score [Timeframe Before, during, and after the treatment Numeric rating scale] Percent reduction of the breast mass size after treatment [Timeframe Before and after each treatment session Measure the widest diameter of the mass and the width perpendicular to it with a caliper ] INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Breastfeeding mother age 18‐45 years old 2. Develop new onset of blocked milk duct for less than 72 hours 3. Did not receive prior antibiotic or other treatment modalities
Eating behavior modulates the sensitivity to the central effects of GLP-1 receptor agonist treatment: a secondary analysis of a randomized trial$$$ AIMS: We investigated if individuals with higher emotional eating scores are less sensitive to the effects of a GLP‐1RA on central responses to food cues. Additionally, we investigated the associations of higher external and restraint eating scores with the sensitivity to the central effects of GLP‐1RA. METHODS: This secondary analysis of a randomized crossover study in people with obesity and type 2 diabetes, consisted of two periods of 12‐week treatment with liraglutide or insulin glargine. Using functional MRI, we assessed the relation between baseline eating behavior and the effects of the GLP‐1RA liraglutide compared with insulin after 10 days and 12 weeks of treatment on brain responses to food cues. RESULTS: After 10 days, higher emotional eating scores were associated with less pronounced GLP‐1RA induced reductions in brain responses to food pictures in the amygdala, insula and caudate nucleus. In addition, higher emotional eating scores tended to be associated with less pronounced GLP‐1RA increases in brain responses to chocolate milk receipt in the caudate nucleus and insula. After 12 weeks, there were no significant associations between emotional eating scores and liraglutide‐induced changes in brain responses to food cues. After 10 days, baseline external eating scores were associated with less pronounced GLP‐1RA induced reductions in brain responses to food pictures in the insula, amygdala and orbitofrontal cortex. After 12 weeks, baseline restraint eating scores were associated with more GLP‐1RA induced reductions in brain responses to food pictures in the insula and caudate nucleus, and with more GLP‐1RA induced reductions in brain responses to the anticipation of chocolate milk in the caudate nucleus. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings indicate that individuals with higher baseline emotional eating scores are less sensitive to the central effect of GLP‐1RA treatment. Additionally, external eating may also decrease, whereas restraint eating may increase the sensitivity to the treatment effects of GLP‐1RAs. These insights may help to optimize treatment strategies for obesity and to select patient groups with better efficacy of GLP‐1RA treatment.
Fermented milk (ropy milk) replacing regular milk reduces glycemic response and gastric emptying in healthy subjects$$$ Gastric emptying time and glycemic responses to 400 g regular milk and 400 g ropy milk ('laangfil') were studied in nine healthy non‐obese men. One gram of lactose/100 g ropy milk was added to make the lactose content equal in the two milk products. The products were given on two different morning occasions in random order. 99Tc was added to the milk products and gastric emptying recorded by a gamma camera. The emptying time for 50% (t50) of the stomach content was shorter for regular milk (42±10 min) than for ropy milk (62±14 min) (p<0.01). A similar significant difference was found for t75. Regular milk also gave a significantly (p<0.01) larger incremental area under the blood glucose curve (29.4±11.8 mmol x min x l‐1) than ropy milk (14.0±12.0 mmol x min x l‐1). Ropy milk gave a significantly lower maximal blood glucose and serum insulin peak. The addition of crushed rye crispbread to the two milk products served to three subjects did not change the glucose and insulin response pattern. The low glycemic response to ropy milk compared to regular milk could be explained by its slower gastric emptying rate. This in turn may be due to the higher viscosity of the ropy milk. Although not tested in diabetic subjects, ropy milk may be a good substitute for usual milk in the diabetic diet.
Effects of dairy compared with soy on oxidative and inflammatory stress in overweight and obese subjects$$$ BACKGROUND: We recently showed that calcitriol increases oxidative and inflammatory stress$$$ moreover, inhibition of calcitriol with high‐calcium diets decreased both adipose tissue and systemic oxidative and inflammatory stress in obese mice, whereas dairy exerted a greater effect. However, these findings may be confounded by concomitant changes in adiposity. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to evaluate the acute effects of a dairy‐rich diet on oxidative and inflammatory stress in overweight and obese subjects in the absence of adiposity changes. DESIGN: Twenty subjects (10 obese, 10 overweight) participated in a blinded, randomized, crossover study of dairy‐ compared with soy‐supplemented eucaloric diets. Two 28‐d dietary periods were separated by a 28‐d washout period. Inflammatory and oxidative stress biomarkers were measured on days 0, 7, and 28 of each dietary period. RESULTS: The dairy‐supplemented diet resulted in significant suppression of oxidative stress (plasma malondialdehyde, 22%$$$ 8‐isoprostane‐F(2alpha), 12%$$$ P < 0.0005) and lower inflammatory markers (tumor necrosis factor‐alpha, 15%, P < 0.002$$$ interleukin‐6, 13%, P < 0.01$$$ monocyte chemoattractant protein‐1, 10%, P < 0.0006) and increased adiponectin (20%, P < 0.002), whereas the soy exerted no significant effect. These effects were evident by day 7 of treatment and increased in magnitude at the end of the 28‐d treatment periods. There were no significant differences in response to treatment between overweight and obese subjects for any variable studied. CONCLUSION: An increase in dairy food intake produces significant and substantial suppression of the oxidative and inflammatory stress associated with overweight and obesity. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00686426.
Impact of colonic fermentation on sterols after the intake of a plant sterol-enriched beverage: a randomized, double-blind crossover trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Cholesterol microbial transformation has been widely studied using in vitro fermentation assays, but less information is available on the biotransformation of plant sterols (PS). The excretion percentage of animal sterols (AS) (67‐73%) is considerably greater than that of PS (27‐33%) in feces from healthy humans following a Western diet. However, a lower content of AS in feces from subjects following a vegetarian, vegan or low‐fat animal diet has been seen when compared to omnivorous subjects. Although only one human study has reported fecal sterol excretion after the consumption of PS‐enriched food (8.6 g PS/day), it was found that the target group showed an increase in the excretion of cholesterol and a 57% decrease in its metabolites compared to the control group. OBJECTIVE: Evaluation of the impact of a PS‐enriched milk based fruit beverage intake on fecal sterol excretion and the microbial conversion of sterols in postmenopausal women with mild hypercholesterolemia. METHODS: Forty postmenopausal women participated in a randomized, double‐blind, crossover study with two beverages, with a PS‐enriched (2 g PS/day) or without. The women were divided in two groups: 20 women consumed the PS‐enriched beverage and the other 20 women consumed a placebo (without PS) beverage for 6 weeks. After a four‐week washout period, the type of beverage was exchanged and consumed for another 6 weeks. Feces were collected at the start (0 and 10 weeks) and end of each intervention period (6 and 16 weeks), and fecal sterols were determined by capillary gas chromatography with mass spectrometry. RESULTS: The intake of the PS‐enriched beverage modified the fecal sterol excretion profile. A significant increase mainly in PS and their metabolites versus the placebo intervention period was observed. Although the same effect was not observed in the case of AS, a tendency towards increased cholesterol and decreased coprostanol (the main metabolite of cholesterol) was recorded after PS‐enriched beverage intake versus placebo. Furthermore, the PS‐enriched beverage also modified the microbial conversion of sterols. In this context, an important decrease in the conversion percentage of cholesterol in 16 women (between 11% and 50%) and of sitosterol in 24 women (between 15% and 61%) was observed. CONCLUSIONS: The results obtained suggest that the microbiota could preferably use PS as a substrate, when present in a greater proportion compared with cholesterol. Besides, a lower sitosterol and cholesterol conversion trend would mean that intake of the PS‐enriched beverage could modulate the metabolic activity of the gut microbiota. Therefore, further studies on the impact of PS‐enriched foods upon gut microbiota modulation are needed. Clinical Trial Registry Number: NCT02065024 listed on the NIH website: ClinicalTrials.gov. Clinical Trial Registry Name: Food Matrix and Genetic Variability as Determinants of Bioavailability and Biological Effects of Beta‐cryptoxanthin and Phytosterols (foodmagenpol). The full trial protocol is available upon request to the corresponding author.
Cholesterol-lowering effects of a new isolated soy protein with high levels of nondenaturated protein in hypercholesterolemic patients$$$ This study was undertaken to compare the effects on plasma cholesterol concentration of a new isolated soy protein in which the protein structure is kept in its native, nondenaturated form (verum 1) versus a conventional isolated soy protein (verum 2) and milk protein (placebo). This prospective, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled study was conducted in an outpatient clinical study center in Berlin, Germany. Over 8 wk, 120 patients (total cholesterol, 5.2‐7.8 mmol/L) were given verum 1, verum 2, or placebo at a dosage of 25 g protein daily. At the end of the treatment period, total cholesterol levels were significantly reduced by 10.7% in the verum 1 group compared with placebo (P<.001), and levels were reduced by 5.8% in the verum 2 group (P=.008). The difference between the 2 verum groups was statistically significant (P=.008). Low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol levels were significantly reduced with nondenaturated isolated soy protein only: levels were reduced by 9.4% in the verum 1 group (P=.002) and by 4.9% in the verum 2 group (P=.107). Again, the difference between the verum groups was significant (P=.05). The results of this study confirm that supplementation with isolated soy protein can lead to significant reductions in plasma concentrations of total and low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol. These reductions are significantly more pronounced with an isolated soy protein that maintains the native protein structure than with a commercially available reference isolated soy protein.
A healthy diet with and without cereal grains and dairy products in patients with type 2 diabetes: study protocol for a random-order cross-over pilot study--Alimentation and Diabetes in Lanzarote--ADILAN$$$ BACKGROUND: Research on the role of nutrition in type 2 diabetes has largely focused on macro/micronutrient composition and dietary fiber intake, while fewer studies have tested the effects of differing food choice. Some observational studies and short‐term intervention studies suggest that a food pattern mimicking the diet with which humans evolved positively influences glucose control and associated endocrine systems. Such a food pattern mainly differs from other common healthy food patterns in its absence of cereal grains and dairy products. The primary aim of this pilot study is to determine the effect of two healthy diets with or without cereal grains and dairy products on glucose control, while keeping participants' weight stable and other food parameters, such as macro/micronutrient composition, dietary fiber and glycemic load, the same in both diets. METHODS/DESIGN: We intend to include 15 adult patients with a medical diagnosis of type 2 diabetes mellitus with or without medication and with an increased waist circumference (≥ 80 cm for women and ≥ 94 cm for men) in a random‐order cross‐over diet intervention study during two periods of four‐weeks separated by a six‐week washout period. Patients will be instructed to eat two healthy diets according to official dietary guidelines with respect to macro/micronutrient composition and fiber content, but differing in the type of food included, with one diet being without cereal grains and dairy products. Lunch will be served in a hospital kitchen for control of nutrient intake, while the rest of the meals will be eaten at home according to specific directions. The energy content of the diets will be individually adjusted to maintain a stable body weight during the two four‐week intervention periods. Primary outcomes will be change in fasting plasma glucagon and fructosamine, while secondary outcomes include change in fasting glucose and glycated hemoglobin, glucose and glucagon response during oral glucose tolerance test, blood lipids, blood pressure, C‐reactive protein, body composition, quality of life, subjective experience with the two diets, satiety scores and changes in medication. DISCUSSION: Using these results, we will assess the need to conduct larger and longer studies with similar design. TRIAL REGISTRATION: This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01891955 and Spanish Agency of Medication and Sanitary Products (AEMPS) registration code: MFV‐ADI‐2013‐01.
Soy-dairy protein blend or whey protein isolate ingestion induces similar postexercise muscle mechanistic target of rapamycin complex 1 signaling and protein synthesis responses in older men$$$ BACKGROUND: Previous work demonstrated that a soy‐dairy protein blend (PB) prolongs hyperaminoacidemia and muscle protein synthesis in young adults after resistance exercise. OBJECTIVE: We investigated the effect of PB in older adults. We hypothesized that PB would prolong hyperaminoacidemia, enhancing mechanistic target of rapamycin complex 1 (mTORC1) signaling and muscle protein anabolism compared with a whey protein isolate (WPI). METHODS: This double‐blind, randomized controlled trial studied men 55‐75 y of age. Subjects consumed 30 g protein from WPI or PB (25% soy, 25% whey, and 50% casein) 1 h after leg extension exercise (8 sets of 10 repetitions at 70% one‐repetition maximum). Blood and muscle amino acid concentrations and basal and postexercise muscle protein turnover were measured by using stable isotopic methods. Muscle mTORC1 signaling was assessed by immunoblotting. RESULTS: Both groups increased amino acid concentrations (P < 0.05) and mTORC1 signaling after protein ingestion (P < 0.05). Postexercise fractional synthesis rate (FSR$$$ P ≥ 0.05), fractional breakdown rate (FBR$$$ P ≥ 0.05), and net balance (P = 0.08) did not differ between groups. WPI increased FSR by 67% (mean ± SEM: rest: 0.05% ± 0.01%$$$ postexercise: 0.09% ± 0.01%$$$ P < 0.05), decreased FBR by 46% (rest: 0.17% ± 0.01%$$$ postexercise: 0.09% ± 0.03%$$$ P < 0.05), and made net balance less negative (P < 0.05). PB ingestion did not increase FSR (rest: 0.07% ± 0.03%$$$ postexercise: 0.09% ± 0.01%$$$ P ≥ 0.05), tended to decrease FBR by 42% (rest: 0.25% ± 0.08%$$$ postexercise: 0.15% ± 0.08%$$$ P = 0.08), and made net balance less negative (P < 0.05). Within‐group percentage of change differences were not different between groups for FSR, FBR, or net balance (P ≥ 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: WPI and PB ingestion after exercise in older men induced similar responses in hyperaminoacidemia, mTORC1 signaling, muscle protein synthesis, and breakdown. These data add new evidence for the use of whey or soy‐dairy PBs as targeted nutritional interventions to counteract sarcopenia. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01847261.
Shift from a dairy product-rich to a dairy product-free diet: influence on cytotoxicity and genotoxicity of fecal water--potential risk factors for colon cancer$$$ Several epidemiologic studies have suggested that dairy product intake is associated with a decreased incidence of colon cancer. To determine whether the cytotoxicity and genotoxicity of the aqueous portion of human stool (two potential risk markers for the disease) were affected by a change in dairy product intake, 18 healthy male and female volunteers were randomly divided into two groups. In a crossover design, the volunteers shifted from their normal dairy product‐rich diet to a dairy product‐free diet. Nutritional analysis of the food consumed during the study period showed a significant decrease in energy intake from 9000 to 7866 kJ/d because of a decreased intake of protein and fat. Carbohydrate and fiber intakes remained unchanged during the intervention. Calcium intake decreased significantly from 1488 to 372 mg/d, with similar significant decreases in phosphate and vitamin D intakes. Cytotoxicity of fecal water, analyzed by the HT‐29 cytotoxicity assay, indicated a significant decrease in cell survival from 34% to 20% when dairy products were excluded from the participants' diets. Single‐cell gel electrophoresis (COMET assay), used to analyze genotoxicity of fecal waters, indicated no differences brought about by the dietary intervention. In conclusion, our findings indicate that a shift from a dairy product‐rich to a dairy product‐free diet resulted in a significant effect on an accepted risk marker for colon cancer and may suggest that the mechanism by which dairy products are protective is at the level of tumor promotion rather than initiation.
Comparison of metabolic effects of white beans processed into two different physical forms$$$ In the present study eight control subjects and eight patients with non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) consumed single portions of processed beans equivalent to 50 g of carbohydrate. The beans were processed by different methods into two physical forms$$$ one maintained the integrity of the bean cells (undamaged bean cells, UC) and the other ruptured the bean cells (damaged bean cells, DC). Incremental glucose response areas after ingestion of either UC or DC were not significantly different in control subjects, while incremental insulin response areas (49 +/‐ 7 vs. 26 +/‐ 4 microU X ml‐1 X h‐1, P less than .05) were significantly lower after eating UC‐processed beans. In patients with NIDDM both incremental glucose (150 +/‐ 14 vs. 73 +/‐ 25 mg X dl‐1 X h‐1, P less than .001) and insulin (67 +/‐ 16 vs. 46 +/‐ 11 microU X ml‐1 X h‐1, P less than .05) response areas were significantly lower after UC administration. To test the effectiveness of the UC‐processed bean when incorporated into mixed meals, nine patients with NIDDM consumed mixed meals containing either DC or UC on two separate mornings. The test meals represented a typical Mexican American use of pureed beans wrapped in a flour tortilla topped with melted cheese. Incremental glucose responses were significantly lower after the UC meal (171 +/‐ 42 mg X dl‐1 X h‐1, P less than .05) when compared with the DC meal (212 +/‐ 34 mg X dl‐1 X h‐1). Incremental insulin areas were also lower after the UC (91 +/‐ 19 microU X ml‐1 X h‐1) when compared with the DC meal (120 +/‐ 22 microU X ml‐1 X h‐1).(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Metabolic Flexibility in Response to a High-Fat Meal Challenge Is Not a Universal Indicator of Overall Metabolic Health$$$ Objectives: Metabolic flexibility, the ability to switch fuel sources based on availability, is a generally accepted sign of metabolic health, and is impaired in people with insulin resistance. The Dietary Guidelines for Americans (DGA) suggests a low fat, high fiber diet to improve metabolic health. Here we evaluate the effect of DGA based diet on metabolic flexibility and health in women with insulin resistance. Methods: In an 8‐week controlled feeding intervention, overweight/obese women with ≥1 metabolic syndrome characteristics were randomized to consume either a diet based on DGA 2010 (DGA) or a ‘Typical’ American Diet (TAD), n = 22 each. Participants were given a high‐fat meal challenge (HFMC‐60% fat, 25% carbs, and 15% protein) at weeks 0, 2, and 8, when circulating lipids, substrate oxidation, plasma metabolome and lipidome were measured at 0, 0.5, 3 and 6h time points. Metabolic flexibility was evaluated as the change in fat oxidation over time. Mixed model analyses and multivariate approaches were used to evaluate the effect of diet on these outcomes$$$ p< 0.05 was considered statistically significant. Results: Total cholesterol and HDLc were lower at wk8 compared to wk0, but only in DGA, at wk8 groups were not different. Metabolic flexibility was not affected by diet. Consistent (all weeks) fat burner phenotypes based on % of ingested fat (HFMC) burned were observed. High burners (HB) burned >40% of ingested fat vs low burners burned < 30% (LB). HB group had higher fat mass, total mass, lean mass, BMI and lower HDLc. Partial least squares discriminant analysis (Q2: 0.20, R2X: 0.177, R2Y: 0.716) identified, among others, that LB, but not HB, were associated with higher rates of disappearance of acylcarnitines from plasma. Conclusions: An 8‐week DGA based diet did not improve conventional measures of plasma lipids or metabolic flexibility. The HB group, which demonstrated consistent fuel switching to fat following fat intake, did not display metabolically optimal lipid profile or anthropometry. Further, plasma acylcarnitines, a sign of metabolic disorders when high, cleared faster in LB, and not in HB. Overall, in this group of women with insulin resistance, being able to switch to burn fat in response to a fat bolus did not offer additional metabolic health benefits. Funding Sources: National Dairy Council, Campbell Soup Co., USDA‐ ARS, West Coast Metabolomics NIH Pilot Award.
Effect of a dairy- and calcium-rich diet on weight loss and appetite during energy restriction in overweight and obese adults: a randomized trial$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: A diet rich in dairy and calcium (Ca) has been variably associated with improvements in body composition and decreased risk of type 2 diabetes. Our objective was to determine if a dietary pattern high in dairy and Ca improves weight loss and subjective appetite to a greater extent than a low dairy/Ca diet during energy restriction in overweight and obese adults with metabolic syndrome. SUBJECTS/METHODS: A total of 49 participants were randomized to one of two treatment groups: Control (low dairy, ≈ 700 mg/day Ca, ‐500 kcal/day) or Dairy/Ca (high dairy, ≈ 1400 mg/day Ca, ‐500 kcal/day) for 12 weeks. Body composition, subjective ratings of appetite, food intake, plasma satiety hormones, glycemic response and inflammatory cytokines were measured.Results:Control (‐2.2 ± 0.5 kg) and Dairy/Ca (‐3.3 ± 0.6 kg) had similar weight loss. Based on self‐reported energy intake, the percentage of expected weight loss achieved was higher with Dairy/Ca (82.1 ± 19.4%) than Control (32.2 ± 7.7%$$$ P=0.03). Subjects in the Dairy/Ca group reported feeling more satisfied (P=0.01) and had lower dietary fat intake (P=0.02) over 12 weeks compared with Control. Compared with Control, Dairy/Ca had higher plasma levels of peptide tyrosine tyrosine (PYY, P=0.01) during the meal tolerance test at week 12. Monocyte chemoattractant protein‐1 was reduced at 30 min with Dairy/Ca compared with Control (P=0.04). CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, a dairy‐ and Ca‐rich diet was not associated with greater weight loss than control. Modest increases in plasma PYY concentrations with increased dairy/Ca intake, however, may contribute to enhanced sensations of satisfaction and reduced dietary fat intake during energy restriction.
No Difference between Spray Dried Milk and Native Whey Supplementation with Strength Training$$$ BACKGROUND: A rapid digestibility and high leucine content are considered important for maximal stimulation of muscle protein synthesis. Consequently, with these properties, native whey may hold greater anabolic potential than milk, when supplemented in combination with strength training. Our aim was to compare the effects of supplementation with milk or native whey, during a 12‐wk strength training period, on gains in muscle mass and strength in young adults. METHODS: In this double‐blinded, randomized, controlled study a total of 40 untrained young men and women received two daily servings of either milk or native whey containing 20 g of protein, during a 12‐wk strength training intervention. Muscle strength, lean mass, thigh muscle cross‐sectional area, m. vastus lateralis thickness and muscle fiber cross‐sectional area were assessed before and after the training period. In addition, the acute phosphorylation of the anabolic kinases p70S6K, 4E‐BP1 and eEF‐2 in response to a standardized workout and supplementation was investigated before and after the 12‐wk training period. RESULTS: Muscle mass and strength increased, by all measures applied (5%‐16%, P < 0.001), with no differences between groups (P > 0.25). p70S6K phosphorylation increased ( 1000%, P < 0.02) 2 h after exercise in the untrained and trained state, but no differences in anabolic signaling were observed between supplements (P > 0.40). No correlation between these acute measures and changes in muscle mass or strength were observed. CONCLUSION: Supplementation with milk or native whey during a 12‐wk strength training period did not differentially affect muscle mass and strength in young untrained individuals.
Effect of extra virgin olive oil and butter on endothelial function in type 1 diabetes$$$ Post‐prandial hyperglycemia can be relevant in developing early manifestations of atherosclerosis. EVOO (Extra Virgin Olive Oil), rich in saturated fatty acids and commonly used in the Mediterranean diet, seems to control post‐prandial hyperglycemia better than butter. Subjects with type 1 diabetes are at higher risk of developing cardiovascular disease and show endothelial dysfunction, an early manifestation of atherosclerosis in the first years of the disease. Our study aims to evaluate whether EVOO and butter influence endothelial function in subjects with type 1 diabetes when added to a single high glycemic index (HGI) meal. In this exploratory cross‐over study, 10 subjects with type 1 diabetes and 6 healthy subjects were scheduled to receive two types of HGI meals: one enriched with EVOO and one with butter. Before and after each test meal at different time points, all subjects underwent the evaluation of endothelial function by flow‐mediated dilation technique, glucose and lipids measurements, and gastric emptying assessment by ultrasound. Flow‐mediated dilation significantly increased after EVOO‐enriched meal compared with butter in subjects with type 1 diabetes (two‐way‐repeated measurements ANOVA, p = 0.007). In patients with type 1 diabetes, the add‐on of EVOO to HGI meal improves vascular function compared to butter, which has detrimental effects.
Effect of extra virgin olive oil and butter on endothelial function in type 1 diabetes$$$ Post‐prandial hyperglycemia can be relevant in developing early manifestations of atherosclerosis. EVOO (Extra Virgin Olive Oil), rich in saturated fatty acids and commonly used in the Mediterranean diet, seems to control post‐prandial hyperglycemia better than butter. Subjects with type 1 diabetes are at higher risk of developing cardiovascular disease and show endothelial dysfunction, an early manifestation of atherosclerosis in the first years of the disease. Our study aims to evaluate whether EVOO and butter influence endothelial function in subjects with type 1 diabetes when added to a single high glycemic index (HGI) meal. In this exploratory cross‐over study, 10 subjects with type 1 diabetes and 6 healthy subjects were scheduled to receive two types of HGI meals: one enriched with EVOO and one with butter. Before and after each test meal at different time points, all subjects underwent the evaluation of endothelial function by flow‐mediated dilation technique, glucose and lipids measurements, and gastric emptying assessment by ultrasound. Flow‐mediated dilation significantly increased after EVOO‐enriched meal compared with butter in subjects with type 1 diabetes (two‐way‐repeated measurements ANOVA, p = 0.007). In patients with type 1 diabetes, the add‐on of EVOO to HGI meal improves vascular function compared to butter, which has detrimental effects.
Protein leucine content is a determinant of shorter- and longer-term muscle protein synthetic responses at rest and following resistance exercise in healthy older women: a randomized, controlled trial$$$ Background: Older women may not be consuming enough protein to maintain muscle mass. Augmentation of protein intake with leucine may enhance the muscle protein synthetic response in older women to aid in maintaining muscle mass. Objective: We measured the acute (hourly) and integrated (daily) myofibrillar protein synthesis (myoPS) response to consumption of a high‐quality mixed protein beverage compared with an isonitrogenous protein beverage with added leucine. Design: In a parallel design, free‐living, healthy older women (aged 65‐75 y, n = 11/group) consumed a fixed, weight‐maintaining diet with protein at 1.0 g · kg‐1 · d‐1 and were randomly assigned to twice‐daily consumption of either 15 g milk protein beverage containing 4.2 g leucine (LEU) or 15 g mixed protein (milk and soy) beverage containing 1.3 g leucine (CON). Unilateral leg resistance exercise allowed a determination of acute ([13C6]‐phenylalanine infusion, hourly rate) and integrated (deuterated water ingestion, daily rate) exercised and rested myoPS responses. Results: Acute myoPS increased in response to feeding in the rested (CON: 13% ± 4%$$$ LEU: 53% ± 5%) and exercised (CON: 30% ± 4%$$$ LEU: 87% ± 7%) leg in both groups, but the increase was greater in LEU (P < 0.001). Integrated myoPS increased during the supplementation period in both legs (rested: 9% ±1%$$$ exercised: 17% ± 2%$$$ P < 0.001) in LEU, but in the exercised leg only (7% ± 2%$$$ P < 0.001) in CON. Conclusions: A 15‐g protein‐containing beverage with ∼4 g leucine induced greater increases in acute and integrated myoPS than did an isonitrogenous, isoenergetic mixed‐protein beverage. Declines in muscle mass in older women may be attenuated with habitual twice‐daily consumption of a protein beverage providing 15 g protein and higher (4.2 g/serving) amounts of leucine. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02282566.
Protein leucine content is a determinant of shorter- and longer-term muscle protein synthetic responses at rest and following resistance exercise in healthy older women: a randomized, controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Older women may not be consuming enough protein to maintain muscle mass. Augmentation of protein intake with leucine may enhance the muscle protein synthetic response in older women to aid in maintaining muscle mass. OBJECTIVE: We measured the acute (hourly) and integrated (daily) myofibrillar protein synthesis (myoPS) response to consumption of a high‐quality mixed protein beverage compared with an isonitrogenous protein beverage with added leucine. DESIGN: In a parallel design, free‐living, healthy older women (aged 65‐75 y, n = 11/group) consumed a fixed, weight‐maintaining diet with protein at 1.0 g · kg‐1 · d‐1 and were randomly assigned to twice‐daily consumption of either 15 g milk protein beverage containing 4.2 g leucine (LEU) or 15 g mixed protein (milk and soy) beverage containing 1.3 g leucine (CON). Unilateral leg resistance exercise allowed a determination of acute ([13C6]‐phenylalanine infusion, hourly rate) and integrated (deuterated water ingestion, daily rate) exercised and rested myoPS responses. RESULTS: Acute myoPS increased in response to feeding in the rested (CON: 13% ± 4%$$$ LEU: 53% ± 5%) and exercised (CON: 30% ± 4%$$$ LEU: 87% ± 7%) leg in both groups, but the increase was greater in LEU (P < 0.001). Integrated myoPS increased during the supplementation period in both legs (rested: 9% ±1%$$$ exercised: 17% ± 2%$$$ P < 0.001) in LEU, but in the exercised leg only (7% ± 2%$$$ P < 0.001) in CON. CONCLUSIONS: A 15‐g protein‐containing beverage with ∼4 g leucine induced greater increases in acute and integrated myoPS than did an isonitrogenous, isoenergetic mixed‐protein beverage. Declines in muscle mass in older women may be attenuated with habitual twice‐daily consumption of a protein beverage providing 15 g protein and higher (4.2 g/serving) amounts of leucine. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02282566.
Effects of phytosterol ester-enriched low-fat milk on serum lipoprotein profile in mildly hypercholesterolaemic patients are not related to dietary cholesterol or saturated fat intake$$$ Phytosterols (PS) are recommended to reduce LDL‐cholesterol. However, the influence of cholesterol and fat intake on the lipid‐lowering effect of PS in mildly hypercholesterolaemia is unclear. Thus, the aim of the present study was to evaluate whether the efficacy of PS is related to the composition of saturated fat and dietary cholesterol intake. Additionally, serum carotenoid content was analysed to evaluate to what extent it was undermined by PS. This was a 3‐month randomised, parallel trial with a three‐arm design. Patients were divided into three groups: healthy diet (n 24), healthy diet+PS (n 31) and free diet+PS (n 29), receiving 2 g/d of PS. Healthy and free diets were characterised by a daily ingestion of 6.8 % of saturated fat and 194.4 mg of cholesterol and 12.7 % of saturated fat and 268.1 mg of cholesterol, respectively. After PS therapy, patients receiving the healthy diet+PS or a free diet+PS exhibited a similar reduction in total cholesterol (6.7 and 5.5 %), LDL‐cholesterol (9.6 and 7.0 %), non‐HDL‐cholesterol (12.2 and 8.9 %) and apo B‐100/apo A‐I ratio (11.5 and 11.6 %), respectively. In patients following the healthy diet, (β‐carotene concentration rose by 26.9 %, whereas the β‐carotene and lycopene levels dropped by 21.0 and 22.8 % in the group receiving the free diet+PS, respectively. No change was observed in carotenoid levels in healthy diet+PS group. In conclusion, the efficacy of PS in relation to lipoprotein profile is not influenced by saturated fat or dietary cholesterol intake, which confirms the positive effect of healthy diet therapy in improving the negative effects that PS exert on carotenoid levels.
Consumption of oat milk for 5 weeks lowers serum cholesterol and LDL cholesterol in free-living men with moderate hypercholesterolemia$$$ The aim of this study was to investigate whether consumption of a newly developed oat milk deprived of insoluble fiber would result in lower serum cholesterol and low‐density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol levels in men with moderate hypercholesterolemia. The study had a randomized, controlled double‐blind design, and oat milk was compared with an identically flavored control drink. Sixty‐six men were recruited from a screening program and were randomly assigned to two groups. Each group took either oat milk or a control drink (rice milk) for 5 weeks (0.75 liters/day) and then switched to the other drink regimen for another 5‐week period with a 5‐week washout period between the test periods. The oat milk contained more dietary fiber, especially beta‐glucan (0.5 g/100 g), than the control drink (<0.02 g/100 g). Both drinks were well appreciated and got similar sensory evaluation, indicating that the double‐blind design had been attained. In the final analysis 52 subjects remained. Compared with the control drink, intake of oat milk resulted in significantly lower serum total cholesterol (6%, p = 0.005) and LDL cholesterol (6%, p = 0.036) levels. The decrease in LDL cholesterol was more pronounced if the starting value was higher (r = ‐0.55, p < 0.001). The concentration of high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol was not significantly different after consumption of the two drinks. Serum triglycerides did not change significantly after intake of oat milk, but a significant increase was observed after intake of the control drink (p = 0.003). It is concluded that also oat milk deprived of insoluble fiber has cholesterol‐reducing properties.
Soy milk powder supplemented with phytosterol esters reduced serum cholesterol level in hypercholesterolemia independently of lipoprotein E genotype: a random clinical placebo-controlled trial$$$ Phytosterols (PSs) are reported to lower the serum total cholesterol and low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations enriched in some fatty foods, such as margarine. However, these high‐fat foods are not very suitable for older people. Soy milk is the favorite food for elderly people in China$$$ therefore, we hypothesized that the consumption of soy milk powder supplemented with PSs would decrease the serum cholesterol levels in older Chinese people independent of the genotypes of apolipoprotein E (ApoE). Mild to moderate hyperlipidemic patients (n = 170) were recruited from different communities and treated with placebo soy milk powder or 3.4 g PS esters‐enriched soy milk powder (2.0 g/d free PS in 30 g soy milk powder). The fasting serum lipid profiles at the baseline and after 3 and 6 months of intervention were measured. The ApoE genotype was also determined. After 3 months of PS intervention, the serum lipid profile was not changed significantly in either group. The serum total cholesterol, low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol, and non‐ high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol levels decreased by 9.3%, 11.4%, and 12.6%, respectively, in the PS group at the end of the intervention (6 months) compared with the control group, whereas the serum high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglyceride levels were not affected significantly. In the PS group, both the ApoE3 and ApoE4 carriers had a similar response to PS consumption. These findings suggested that PS‐fortified soy milk powder was effective in lowering the serum cholesterol levels in older Chinese volunteers with mild to moderate hypercholesterolemia in both the ApoE3 and ApoE4 carriers.
Serum lipid responses to phytosterol-enriched milk in a moderate hypercholesterolemic population is not affected by apolipoprotein E polymorphism or diameter of low-density lipoprotein particles$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: The importance of both low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDLc) size and the apolipoprotein E (Apo E) in the atherogenic process is known, but there is little information with regard to the effect of phytosterols (PS) on these parameters. The aim of this study was to evaluate the influence of PS on lipid profile and LDLc size according to Apo E genotype. SUBJECTS/METHODS: This was a randomized parallel trial employing 75 mild‐hypercholesterolemic subjects and consisting of two 3‐month intervention phases. After 3 months of receiving a standard healthy diet, subjects were divided into two intervention groups: a diet group (n=34) and a diet+PS group (n=41) that received 2 g/day of PS. Total cholesterol (TC), triacylglycerols, LDLc, high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDLc), non‐HDLc, Apo A‐I and B‐100, LDLc size and Apo E genotype were determined. RESULTS: Patients receiving PS exhibited a significant decrease in TC (5.1%), LDLc (8.1%), non‐HDLc (7.4%) and Apo B‐100/Apo A‐I ratio (7.7%), but these effects did not depend on Apo E genotype. No significant changes were found in lipid profile according to Apo E genotype when patients following dietary recommendations were considered as a whole population or separately. No variations in LDLc size were observed in any of the intervention groups. CONCLUSION: The results of this study show that Apo E genotype does not have an impact on the lipid response to PS as a cholesterol‐lowering agent in mild‐hypercholesterolemic patients. Furthermore, the evidence obtained confirms that LDLc particle size is not modified when PS are added to a standard healthy diet.
Effect of Phytosterol and Inulin Fortified Soy Milk on Serum Lipid in Thai-Hypercholesterolemic Volunteers: a Double-Blinded Randomized-Controlled Trial$$$ INTERVENTION: 180 ml of soy milk which contains 4.5 gm of fat, 5 gm of protein, and 12 gm of carbohydrate fortified with 1 gm phytosterol and 5 gm inulin, 180 ml of soy milk which contains 4.5 gm of fat, 5 gm of protein, and 12 gm of carbohydrate without phytosterol or inulin CONDITION: LDL cholesterol $$$ LDL cholesterol, LDL reduction, phytosterol, inulin LDL cholesterol, LDL reduction, phytosterol, inulin PRIMARY OUTCOME: LDL cholesterol [Timeframe 2, 4, 8, 12 weeks lipid profile ] SECONDARY OUTCOME: total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, triglyceride [Timeframe 2, 4, 8, 12 weeks lipid profile] INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) more than 18 years of age 2) had LDL‐c of 130‐190 mg/dL without lipid lowering medication 3) consent to join the study
Serum lipid responses to phytosterol-enriched milk in a moderate hypercholesterolemic population is not affected by apolipoprotein e polymorphism or diameter of low-density lipoprotein particles$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: The importance of both low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDLc) size and the apolipoprotein E (Apo E) in the atherogenic process is known, but there is little information with regard to the effect of phytosterols (PS) on these parameters. The aim of this study was to evaluate the influence of PS on lipid profile and LDLc size according to Apo E genotype. SUBJECTS/METHODS: This was a randomized parallel trial employing 75 mild‐hypercholesterolemic subjects and consisting of two 3‐month intervention phases. After 3 months of receiving a standard healthy diet, subjects were divided into two intervention groups: a diet group (n=34) and a diet+PS group (n=41) that received 2 g/day of PS. Total cholesterol (TC), triacylglycerols, LDLc, high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDLc), non‐HDLc, Apo A‐I and B‐100, LDLc size and Apo E genotype were determined. RESULTS: Patients receiving PS exhibited a significant decrease in TC (5.1%), LDLc (8.1%), non‐HDLc (7.4%) and Apo B‐100/Apo A‐I ratio (7.7%), but these effects did not depend on Apo E genotype. No significant changes were found in lipid profile according to Apo E genotype when patients following dietary recommendations were considered as a whole population or separately. No variations in LDLc size were observed in any of the intervention groups. CONCLUSION: The results of this study show that Apo E genotype does not have an impact on the lipid response to PS as a cholesterol‐lowering agent in mild‐hypercholesterolemic patients. Furthermore, the evidence obtained confirms that LDLc particle size is not modified when PS are added to a standard healthy diet.
The effects of dietary patterns on plasma renin activity: results from the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension trial$$$ A diet rich in fruits, vegetables and low‐fat dairy products, and reduced in saturated fat, total fat and cholesterol (the 'DASH' diet) significantly lowers blood pressure (BP). Previous studies have documented that certain therapies that lower BP increase plasma renin activity (PRA). Using data from the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) trial, we assessed the effects of dietary patterns on PRA and determined the relationship of change in PRA with change in BP on each diet. After eating a control diet for 3 weeks, participants were then randomized to receive for 8 weeks: the control diet, a diet rich in fruits and vegetables (F/V), or the DASH diet. Baseline and follow‐up levels of PRA were available in 381 participants. Compared with the control diet, the DASH diet increased PRA by 0.37 ng ml(‐1) h(‐1) (P=0.01). In multivariable linear regression analyses, there was an inverse association of PRA change with systolic BP change on the control diet (slope=‐0.35, P=0.001), but PRA did not differ by BP change on the F/V diet (slope=‐0.002, P=0.98) or DASH diet (slope=‐0.08, P=0.32). These data suggest that a blunted counter‐regulatory response of the renin‐angiotensin system is associated with the BP‐lowering effect of the F/V and DASH diets.
Effect of two carbohydrate-modified tube-feeding formulas on metabolic responses in patients with type 2 diabetes$$$ OBJECTIVES: This study evaluated the glycemic, insulinemic, and glucagon‐like peptide‐1 (GLP‐1) responses of subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus to consumption of two diabetes‐specific tube‐feeding formulas (slowly digested carbohydrate formula [SDC] and diabetes‐specific formula [DSF]) and one formula intended for individuals without diabetes (standard formula [STND]). METHODS: Forty‐eight subjects controlled with diet and/or oral antihyperglycemic medications received the SDC, DSF, and STND. Postprandial glucose, insulin, and GLP‐1 were measured on three occasions after an overnight fast in a double‐blinded, randomized, three‐treatment, crossover design. RESULTS: The positive area under the curve for glucose and insulin with the STND was higher (P < 0.001) compared with the SDC and DSF. The adjusted GLP‐1 concentration at 60 min was higher for the SDC compared with the DSF and STND (P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: Both lower‐carbohydrate diabetes‐specific formulas resulted in a lower postprandial blood glucose response compared with the STND. The formula also rich in slowly digested carbohydrate and monounsaturated and omega‐3 fatty acids (SDC) produced significantly lower blood glucose and insulin responses and higher levels of GLP‐1 in the presence of significantly lower insulin concentrations. These results support the view that the quantity and quality of carbohydrate and fat may play important roles in the management of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and could result in improved beta‐cell function over the long term.
Emulsifying dietary fat modulates postprandial endotoxemia associated with chylomicronemia in obese men: a pilot randomized crossover study$$$ BACKGROUND: Postprandial hyperlipemia is recognized as a major cardio‐metabolic risk factor, recently linked to the co‐absorption of pro‐inflammatory lipopolysaccharides with dietary lipids. This causes endotoxemia that is involved in the pathophysiology of obesity and insulin resistance, but to date the impact of food formulation is unknown. We tested a novel concept that endotoxin absorption can be modulated by fat emulsified structure in the meal, and potentially differently in obese vs. lean men. METHODS: In a randomized controlled crossover study, eight normal‐weight and eight obese age‐matched healthy men ingested two isocaloric, isolipidic breakfasts of identical composition including 40 g of milk fat that was emulsified or unemulsified. Plasma‐ and chylomicron‐endotoxemia and chylomicron‐triglycerides were measured during 8 h after breakfast ingestion. RESULTS: After emulsion consumption, parallel to an enhanced chylomicronemia, obese subjects presented an early and sharp increase in chylomicron‐endotoxemia at 60 min (P time = 0.02), which was higher than (i) after spread fat in obese subjects (P < 0.05) and (ii) after both spread and emulsified fat in normal‐weight subjects (P < 0.05). However in obese subjects, the iAUC of plasma endotoxemia over 8 h was lower after emulsion than after spread fat (P < 0.05) whereas in NW subjects such reduction of plasma LPS‐iAUC was not observed (P = 0.67). CONCLUSION: This study provides initial evidence that optimizing fat structure in the meal can be part of a dietary strategy to lower the metabolic impact of postprandial endotoxemia in obese men. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Registered at ClinicalTrials.gov # NCT01249378 on July 13, 2010.
Effect of dairy calcium or supplementary calcium intake on postprandial fat metabolism, appetite, and subsequent energy intake$$$ BACKGROUND: High calcium intake has been shown to increase fecal fat excretion. OBJECTIVE: Our aim was to examine whether a high calcium intake from dairy products or from supplements affects postprandial fat metabolism and appetite through fat malabsorption. DESIGN: Four different isocaloric meals were tested in 18 subjects according to a randomized crossover design. The test meals contained high (HC meal: 172 mg/MJ), medium (MC meal: 84 mg/MJ), or low (LC meal: 15 mg/MJ) amounts of calcium from dairy products or a high amount of calcium given as a calcium carbonate supplement (Suppl meal: 183 mg/MJ). Concentrations of plasma total triacylglycerol, chylomicron triacylglycerol, serum total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, cholecystokinin, glucagon‐like peptide 1, ghrelin, peptide YY, glucose, and insulin and appetite sensation were measured before and at regular intervals until 420 min postprandially. RESULTS: Dairy calcium significantly diminished the postprandial lipid response. The baseline adjusted area under the curve for chylomicron triacylglycerol was approximately 17% lower after the MC meal (P = 0.02) and approximately 19% lower after the HC meal (P = 0.007) than after the LC meal and approximately 15% lower after the MC meal (P = 0.0495) and approximately 17% lower after the HC meal (P = 0.02) than after the Suppl meal. No consistent effects of calcium on appetite sensation, or on energy intake at the subsequent meal, or on the postprandial responses of cholecystokinin, glucagon‐like peptide 1, ghrelin, peptide YY, insulin, or glucose were observed. CONCLUSIONS: Increased calcium intakes from dairy products attenuate postprandial lipidemia, most probably because of reduced fat absorption, whereas supplementary calcium carbonate does not exert such an effect. This may be due to differences in the chemical form of calcium or to cofactors in dairy products. Calcium did not affect appetite sensation, glucose metabolism, or gut hormone secretion.
Genetically predicted milk consumption and bone health, ischemic heart disease and type 2 diabetes: a Mendelian randomization study$$$ Background/objectives:Milk provides protein and micronutrients, and is recommended by some dietary guidelines, particularly for bone health. Meta‐analysis of small randomized controlled trials suggests that milk may increase bone mineral density, but they are very heterogeneous. No randomized controlled trial has assessed the effects of milk on major chronic diseases. Previous Mendelian randomization studies of milk did not consider bone health, found no effects on ischemic heart disease (IHD) or type 2 diabetes (T2D) but higher body mass index. Using larger genetic studies, we estimated the effects of milk on osteoporosis, IHD, T2D, adiposity, lipids and glycemic traits.Subjects/methods:Instrumental variable analysis based on a genetic variant endowing lactase persistence (rs4988235 (MCM6)) was used to obtain estimates for osteoporosis (GEFOS), IHD (CARDIoGRAMplusC4D), T2D (DIAGRAM), adiposity (GIANT), lipids (GLGC) and glycaemic traits (MAGIC). Eye color was a negative control for IHD, as it mirrors the distribution of lactase persistence and IHD in Western Europe.Results:Genetically predicted adult milk consumption was not clearly associated with bone mineral density, IHD (odds ratio (OR): 1.03 per s.d., 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.95‐1.12) and or T2D (OR: 0.92, 95% CI: 0.83‐1.02) but was associated with higher log‐transformed fasting insulin (0.05, 95% CI: 0.02‐0.07) and body mass index (0.06, 95% CI: 0.03‐0.09). Genetically predicted eye color was not associated with IHD.Conclusions:The lack of association of genetically predicted milk consumption with bone health, IHD or T2D suggests few beneficial effects but is more consistent with milk promoting adiposity.
Enamel rehardening with cheese in irradiated patients$$$ Radiotherapy of head and neck malignancies results in severe xerostomia which induces radiation caries. Hard cheese has potent anti‐cariogenic effects, even with minimal salivary gland function. Eight patients irradiated for neck cancer volunteered for this study. The saliva flow rate varied between 0.0‐0.15 ml/minute. In vitro etched enamel slabs, prepared from human teeth, were exposed intraorally to parafilm stimulated salivary secretion for 5 minutes or, alternatively, to cheese compounds and saliva due to masticating 20 gm hard cheese for 5 minutes. Microhardness measurements were carried out on the enamel surface at start (baseline), after etching and after rehardening. Stimulated saliva or cheese compounds and saliva, due to mastication, induced rehardening of surface enamel in both, non‐irradiated and irradiated subjects. The rehardening was significantly increased in the irradiated group consuming cheese as compared to rehardening by stimulated saliva only and not significantly less of that achieved in non‐irradiated subjects. Rehardening achieved with stimulated saliva in irradiated patients was of a borderline‐significant lower degree in comparison to non‐irradiated subjects. The reduced rehardening capacity of a decreased saliva flow in irradiated patients may be complemented by cheese compounds. For xerostomic patients, hard cheese consumption may be regarded as effective to keep initial caries under control.
"Benifuuki" Extract Reduces Serum Levels of Lectin-Like Oxidized Low-Density Lipoprotein Receptor-1 Ligands Containing Apolipoprotein B: a Double-Blind Placebo-Controlled Randomized Trial$$$ (1) Background: Arteriosclerosis is associated with high levels of low‐density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol. O‐methylated catechins in “Benifuuki” green tea are expected to reduce cholesterol levels, although there is limited research regarding this topic$$$ (2) Methods: This trial evaluated 159 healthy volunteers who were randomized to receive ice cream containing a high‐dose of “Benifuuki” extract including 676 mg of catechins (group H), a low‐dose of “Benifuuki” extract including 322 mg of catechins (group L), or no “Benifuuki” extract (group C). Each group consumed ice cream (with or without extract) daily for 12 weeks, and their lipid‐related parameters were compared$$$ (3) Results: A significant reduction in the level of lectin‐like oxidized LDL receptor‐1 ligand containing ApoB (LAB) was detected in group H, compared to groups L and C. No significant differences between the three groups were detected in their levels of total cholesterol, triglycerides, and LDL cholesterol$$$ (4) Conclusions: “Benifuuki” extract containing O‐methylated catechins may help prevent arteriosclerosis.
Simultaneous ingestion of fructose and fat exacerbates postprandial exogenous lipidemia in young healthy Japanese women$$$ AIM: To investigate the acute effects of the simultaneous ingestion of fructose and fat on postprandial lipoprotein metabolism in healthy young women. METHODS: Nine young healthy Japanese women with a normal weight (body mass index: 18.5≤‐< 25 kg/m(2)), a normal ovarian cycle and an apolipoprotein E 3/3 phenotype were enrolled as participants and studied on four occasions. At each session, the subjects ingested one of four beverages containing either glucose or fructose (0.5 g/kg body weight each) with or without OFTT cream (1 g/kg, 0.35 g/ kg as fat) in a randomized crossover design. Blood samples were collected at baseline and at 0.5, 1, 2, 4 and 6 hours after ingestion. RESULTS: The ingestion of fructose combined with fat led to significantly higher rises in the serum triglyceride (TG), remnant‐like particle (RLP)‐TG, remnant lipoprotein‐cholesterol (RemL‐C) and apolipoprotein B‐48 (apoB48) concentrations with delayed peaks compared with that observed following ingestion of the other three types of beverages. The incremental area under the curve (ΔAUC)‐TG and ΔAUC‐apoB48 were larger than those observed for the ingestion of fat only. The serum RLP‐TG and apoB48 concentrations returned to the fasting levels (0 hours) at the end of the test (6 hours) following the ingestion of fat only$$$ however, these concentrations did not return to the fasting levels following the intake of fructose combined with fat. CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest a delay in the clearance of intestinal TG‐rich lipoproteins, namely chylomicron and its remnant, following the ingestion of fructose combined with fat. The simultaneous ingestion of fructose and fat markedly enhances postprandial exogenous lipidemia in young healthy Japanese women.
Effect of fat-reformulated dairy food consumption on postprandial flow-mediated dilatation and cardiometabolic risk biomarkers compared with conventional dairy: a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Longer‐term consumption of SFA‐reduced, MUFA‐enriched dairy products has been reported to improve fasting flow‐mediated dilatation (FMD). Yet, their impact on endothelial function in the postprandial state warrants investigation. OBJECTIVES: The aim was to compare the impact of a fatty acid (FA) modified with a conventional (control) dairy diet on the postprandial %FMD (primary outcome) and systemic cardiometabolic responses to representative meals, and retrospectively explore whether treatment effects differ by apolipoprotein E (APOE) or endothelial NO synthase (eNOS) Glu298Asp gene polymorphisms. METHODS: In a crossover‐design randomized controlled study, 52 adults with moderate cardiovascular disease risk consumed dairy products [38% of total energy intake (%TE) from fat: FA‐modified (target: 16%TE SFAs$$$ 14%TE MUFAs) or control (19%TE SFAs$$$ 11%TE MUFAs)] for 12 wk, separated by an 8‐wk washout. Blood sampling and FMD measurements (0‐480 min) were performed pre‐ and postintervention after sequential mixed meals that were representative of the assigned dairy diets (0 min, ∼50 g fat$$$ 330 min, ∼30 g fat). RESULTS: Relative to preintervention (∆), the FA‐modified dairy diet and meals (treatment) attenuated the increase in the incremental AUC (iAUC), but not AUC, for the %FMD response observed with the conventional treatment (‐135 ± 69% vs. +199 ± 82% × min$$$ P = 0.005). The ∆ iAUC, but not AUC, for the apoB response decreased after the FA‐modified treatment yet increased after the conventional treatment (‐4 ± 3 vs. +3 ± 3 mg/mL × min$$$ P = 0.004). The ∆ iAUC decreased for plasma total SFAs (P = 0.003) and trans 18:1 (P < 0.0001) and increased for cis‐MUFAs (P < 0.0001) following the conventional relative to the FA‐modified treatment. No treatment × APOE or eNOS genotype interactions were evident for any outcome. CONCLUSIONS: This study provides novel insights into the longer‐term effects of FA‐modified dairy food consumption on postprandial cardiometabolic responses.
Phototherapy promotes healing of chronic diabetic leg ulcers that failed to respond to other therapies$$$ OBJECTIVE: We tested the hypothesis that combined 660 and 890 nm LED phototherapy will promote healing of diabetic ulcers that failed to respond to other forms of treatment. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A double‐blind randomized placebo controlled design was used to study 23 diabetic leg ulcers in two groups of 14 patients. Group one ulcers were cleaned, dressed with 1% silver sulfadiazine cream and treated with "placebo" phototherapy (<1.0 J cm(‐2)) twice per week, using a Dynatron Solaris 705(R) device. Group two ulcers were treated similarly but received 3 J cm(‐2) dose. RESULTS: At each of 15, 30, 45, 60, 75, and 90 days of healing, mean ulcer granulation and healing rates were significantly higher for group two than the "placebo" group (P < 0.02). While "placebo" treated ulcers worsened during the initial 30 days, group two ulcers healed rapidly$$$ achieving 56% more granulation and 79.2% faster healing by day 30, and maintaining similarly higher rates of granulation and healing over the "placebo" group all through. By day 90, 58.3% of group two ulcers had healed fully and 75% had achieved 90‐100% healing. In contrast, only one "placebo" treated ulcer healed fully by day 90$$$ no other ulcer attained > or =90% healing. CONCLUSION: Combined 660 and 890 nm light promotes rapid granulation and healing of diabetic ulcers that failed to respond to other forms of treatment.
Comparison of the effects of cow's milk, fortified soy milk, and calcium supplement on plasma adipocytokines in overweight and obese women$$$ Introduction: Obesity is an escalating public health problem. Adipose tissue synthesizes and secretes a variety of biological molecules, termed adipocytokines that may contribute to obesitylinked metabolic abnormalities, including cardiovascular diseases. We compared the effects of cow's milk, calcium fortified soy milk and calcium supplement on adipocytokines in premenopausal overweight and obese women. Materials and Methods: In this clinical trial, 100 healthy overweight or obese premenopausal women were randomly allocated to one of the following dietary regimens for 8 weeks: 1) a control diet 2) a calcium‐ supplemented diet containing 800mg/d calcium carbonate 3) a high milk diet containing three servings of low fat milk or a 4) a soy milk diet containing three servings of calcium fortified soy milk (all of them providing a 500kcal/day deficit). At baseline and after 8 weeks, anthropometric indices and plasma leptin, adiponectin, TNFα, CRP, and IL‐6 were measured. Results: Plasma CRP and leptin were significantly correlated with all anthropometric indices except for WHR, and plasma adiponectin had significant negative correlation with WHR at baseline. Although plasma leptin, CRP, and IL‐6 decreased significantly in all groups (P<0.01), except for CRP in the control group, there were no significant differences among four groups. Conclusion: Results showed that a 500kcal/d deficit diet has beneficial effects on plasma adipocytokines, but calcium intake, either as calcium carbonate or as milk, causes no differences, and merits further research.
Moderate amounts of fructose- or glucose-sweetened beverages do not differentially alter metabolic health in male and female adolescents$$$ BACKGROUND: Adolescents consume more sugar‐sweetened beverages than do individuals in any other age group, but it is unknown how the type of sugar‐sweetened beverage affects metabolic health in this population. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to compare the metabolic health effects of short‐term (2‐wk) consumption of high‐fructose (HF) and high‐glucose (HG)‐sweetened beverages in adolescents (15‐20 y of age). DESIGN: In a counterbalanced, single‐blind fashion, 40 male and female adolescents completed two 2‐wk trials that included 1) an HF trial in which they consumed 710 mL of a sugar‐sweetened beverage/d (equivalent to 50 g fructose/d and 15 g glucose/d) for 2 wk and 2) an HG trial in which they consumed 710 mL of a sugar‐sweetened beverage/d (equivalent to 50 g glucose/d and 15 g fructose/d) for 2 wk in addition to their normal ad libitum diet. In addition, the participants maintained similar physical activity levels during each trial. The day after each trial, insulin sensitivity and resistance [assessed via Quantitative Insulin Sensitivity Check Index (QUICKI) and homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA‐IR) index] and fasting and postprandial glucose, lactate, lipid, cholesterol, insulin, C‐peptide, insulin secretion, and clearance responses to HF or HG mixed meals were assessed. RESULTS: Body weight, QUICKI (whole‐body insulin sensitivity), HOMA‐IR (hepatic insulin resistance), and fasting lipids, cholesterol, glucose, lactate, and insulin secretion or clearance were not different between trials. Fasting HDL‐ and HDL₃‐cholesterol concentrations were ∼10‐31% greater (P < 0.05) in female adolescents than in male adolescents. Postprandial triacylglycerol, HDL‐cholesterol, HDL₃‐cholesterol, and glucose concentrations were not different between HF and HG trials. The lactate incremental area under the curve was ∼3.7‐fold greater during the HF trial (P < 0.05), whereas insulin secretion was 19% greater during the HG trial (P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Moderate amounts of HF‐ or HG‐sweetened beverages for 2 wk did not have differential effects on fasting or postprandial cholesterol, triacylglycerol, glucose, or hepatic insulin clearance in weight‐stable, physically active adolescents.
Does dairy calcium intake enhance weight loss among overweight diabetic patients?$$$ OBJECTIVE: To examine the effect of dairy calcium consumption on weight loss and improvement in cardiovascular disease (CVD) and diabetes indicators among overweight diabetic patients. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This was an ancillary study of a 6‐month randomized clinical trial assessing the effect of three isocaloric diets in type 2 diabetic patients: 1) mixed glycemic index carbohydrate diet, 2) low‐glycemic index diet, and 3) modified Mediterranean diet. Low‐fat dairy product consumption varied within and across the groups by personal choice. Dietary intake, weight, CVD risk factors, and diabetes indexes were measured at baseline and at 6 months. RESULTS: A total of 259 diabetic patients were recruited with an average BMI >31 kg/m2 and mean age of 55 years. No difference was found at baseline between the intervention groups in CVD risk factors, diabetes indicators, macronutrient intake, and nutrient intake from dairy products. Dairy calcium intake was associated with percentage of weight loss. Among the high tertile of dairy calcium intake, the odds ratio for weight loss of >8% was 2.4, P = 0.04, compared with the first tertile, after controlling for nondairy calcium intake, diet type, and the change in energy intake from baseline. No association was noted between dairy calcium and other health indexes except for triglyceride levels. CONCLUSIONS: A diet rich in dairy calcium intake enhances weight reduction in type 2 diabetic patients. Such a diet could be tried in diabetic patients, especially those with difficulty adhering to other weight reduction diets.
Effect of soya protein on serum lipid profile and lipoprotein concentrations in patients undergoing hypercholesterolaemic haemodialysis$$$ Clinical trials have shown that soya protein reduces the concentrations of some atherogenic lipids in subjects with normal renal function. The present study examined the effects of soya protein on serum lipid concentrations and lipoprotein metabolism in patients on hypercholesterolaemic haemodialysis. Twenty‐six hypercholesterolaemic (total cholesterol > or =6.21 mmol/l) patients on haemodialysis were studied in a randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled clinical trial. After a 4‐week run‐in phase, the subjects were randomly assigned to two groups. Isolated soya protein or milk protein 30 g was consumed daily as a beverage at breakfast or post‐dialysis for 12 weeks. Soya protein substitution resulted in significant reductions in total cholesterol (17.2 (sd 8.9 )%), LDL‐cholesterol (15.3 (sd 12.5 )%), apo B (14.6 (sd 12.1 )%) and insulin (23.8 (sd 18.7) %) concentrations. There were no significant changes in HDL‐cholesterol or apo A‐I. These results indicate that replacing part of the daily protein intake with soya protein has a beneficial effect on atherogenic lipids and favourably affects lipoprotein metabolism in hypercholesterolaemic patients undergoing haemodialysis.
Effect of post-exercise supplement consumption on adaptations to resistance training$$$ OBJECTIVE: Athletes are interested in nutritional manipulations that may enhance lean tissue gains stimulated by resistance training. Some research demonstrates that acute consumption of food containing protein causes superior muscle protein synthesis compared to isoenergetic foods without protein. This benefit has not been verified in longer‐term training studies. We compared body composition and muscle function responses to resistance training in males who consumed a carbohydrate or a multi‐macronutrient beverage following each training session. METHODS: Nineteen, untrained men (18‐25 years) consumed either a milk (MILK) or a carbohydrate‐electrolyte (CHO) drink immediately following each workout during a 10 week resistance training program. Muscle strength (1RM for seven exercises), body composition (DXA scan), fasted, resting concentrations of serum total and free testosterone, cortisol, IGF‐1, and resting energy expenditure (REE) were measured prior to and at the end of training. RESULTS: Resistance training caused an increase (44 +/‐ 4%, p < 0.001) in muscular strength for all subjects. The training program reduced percent body fat (8%, p < 0.05, ‐0.9 +/‐ 0.5 kg) and increased fat‐free soft tissue (FFST) mass (2%, 1.2 +/‐ 0.3 kg, p < 0.01). MILK tended to increase body weight and FFST mass (p = 0.10 and p = 0.13, respectively) compared to CHO. Resting total and free testosterone concentrations decreased from baseline values in all subjects (16.7%, 11%, respectively, p < 0.05). Significant changes in fasting IGF‐1, cortisol, and REE across training were not observed for either group. CONCLUSION: Post‐resistance exercise consumption of MILK and CHO caused similar adaptations to resistance training. It is possible that a more prolonged training with supplementation period would expand the trend for greater FFST gains in MILK.
Minimal whey protein with carbohydrate stimulates muscle protein synthesis following resistance exercise in trained young men$$$ Whey protein is a supplemental protein source often used by athletes, particularly those aiming to gain muscle mass$$$ however, direct evidence for its efficacy in stimulating muscle protein synthesis (MPS) is lacking. We aimed to determine the impact of consuming whey protein on skeletal muscle protein turnover in the post‐exercise period. Eight healthy resistance‐trained young men (age=21+/‐1 .0 years$$$ BMI=26.8+/‐0.9 kg/m2 (means+/‐SE)) participated in a double‐blind randomized crossover trial in which they performed a unilateral leg resistance exercise workout (EX: 4 sets of knee extensions and 4 sets of leg press$$$ 8‐10 repetitions/set$$$ 80% of maximal), such that one leg was not exercised and acted as a rested (RE) comparator. After exercise, subjects consumed either an isoenergetic whey protein plus carbohydrate beverage (WHEY: 10 g protein and 21 g fructose) or a carbohydrate‐only beverage (CHO: 21 g fructose and 10 g maltodextran). Subjects received pulse‐tracer injections of L‐[ring‐2H5]phenylalanine and L‐[15N]phenylalanine to measure MPS. Exercise stimulated a rise in MPS in the WHEY‐EX and CHO‐EX legs, which were greater than MPS in the WHEY‐RE leg and the CHO‐RE leg (all p<0.05), respectively. The rate of MPS in the WHEY‐EX leg was greater than in the CHO‐EX leg (p<0.001). We conclude that a small dose (10 g) of whey protein with carbohydrate (21 g) can stimulate a rise in MPS after resistance exercise in trained young men that would be supportive of a positive net protein balance, which, over time, would lead to hypertrophy.
Supplementation of a suboptimal protein dose with leucine or essential amino acids: effects on myofibrillar protein synthesis at rest and following resistance exercise in men$$$ Leucine is a nutrient regulator of muscle protein synthesis by activating mTOR and possibly other proteins in this pathway. The purpose of this study was to examine the role of leucine in the regulation of human myofibrillar protein synthesis (MPS). Twenty‐four males completed an acute bout of unilateral resistance exercise prior to consuming either: a dose (25 g) of whey protein (WHEY)$$$ 6.25 g whey protein with total leucine equivalent to WHEY (LEU)$$$ or 6.25 g whey protein with total essential amino acids (EAAs) equivalent to WHEY for all EAAs except leucine (EAA‐LEU). Measures of MPS, signalling through mTOR, and amino acid transporter (AAT) mRNA abundance were made while fasted (FAST), and following feeding under rested (FED) and post‐exercise (EX‐FED) conditions. Leucinaemia was equivalent between WHEY and LEU and elevated compared to EAA‐LEU (P=0.001). MPS was increased above FAST at 1–3 h post‐exercise in both FED (P <0.001) and EX‐FED (P <0.001) conditions with no treatment effect.At 3–5 h, only WHEY remained significantly elevated above FAST in EX‐FED(WHEY 184% vs. LEU 55% and EAA‐LEU 35%$$$ P =0.036). AAT mRNA abundance was increased above FAST after feeding and exercise with no effect of leucinaemia. In summary, a low dose of whey protein supplemented with leucine or all other essential amino acids was as effective as a complete protein (WHEY) in stimulating postprandial MPS$$$ however only WHEY was able to sustain increased rates of MPS post‐exercise and may therefore be most suited to increase exercise‐induced muscle protein accretion.
Stimulation of net muscle protein synthesis by whey protein ingestion before and after exercise$$$ Timing of nutrient ingestion has been demonstrated to influence the anabolic response of muscle following exercise. Previously, we demonstrated that net amino acid uptake was greater when free essential amino acids plus carbohydrates were ingested before resistance exercise rather than following exercise. However, it is unclear if ingestion of whole proteins before exercise would stimulate a superior response compared with following exercise. This study was designed to examine the response of muscle protein balance to ingestion of whey proteins both before and following resistance exercise. Healthy volunteers were randomly assigned to one of two groups. A solution of whey proteins was consumed either immediately before exercise (PRE$$$ n = 8) or immediately following exercise (POST$$$ n = 9). Each subject performed 10 sets of 8 repetitions of leg extension exercise. Phenylalanine concentrations were measured in femoral arteriovenous samples to determine balance across the leg. Arterial amino acid concentrations were elevated by approximately 50%, and net amino acid balance switched from negative to positive following ingestion of proteins at either time. Amino acid uptake was not significantly different between PRE and POST when calculated from the beginning of exercise (67 +/‐ 22 and 27 +/‐ 10 for PRE and POST, respectively) or from the ingestion of each drink (60 +/‐ 17 and 63 +/‐ 15 for PRE and POST, respectively). Thus the response of net muscle protein balance to timing of intact protein ingestion does not respond as does that of the combination of free amino acids and carbohydrate.
Protein ingestion prior to strength exercise affects blood hormones and metabolism$$$ PURPOSE: The effects of protein consumption before strength training session on blood hormones, energy metabolites, RER, and excess postexercise oxygen consumption (EPOC) were examined. METHODS: Ten resistance‐trained young men consumed either a 25 g of whey and caseinate proteins (PROT) or a noncaloric placebo (P) in a liquid form 30 min before a heavy strength training session (STS) in a crossover design separated by at least 7 d. STS lasted 50 min and included 5 x 1 RM squats, 3 x 10 RM squats and 4 x 10 RM leg presses with 2‐, 3‐, and 2‐min recoveries, respectively. A protein‐carbohydrate supplement was consumed after STS in both trials. Venous blood samples were collected before, during, and after STS and oxygen consumption before and after STS. RESULTS: Serum growth hormone (GH), testosterone, and free fatty acids (FFA) were significantly (P < or = 0.05) higher in P compared with PROT 5 min after an STS. The calculated area under curve (AUC) of the serum insulin response during an STS was significantly (P < 0.001) higher in PROT compared with P. The EPOC value from 90 to 120 min after an STS was significantly greater in the PROT condition compared with P (P = 0.01), and PROT treatment had a significantly higher RER 2 h postexercise (P = 0.04). The AUC of serum FFA during STS correlated significantly and negatively with RER 10‐30 min after STS (r = ‐0.53, P = 0.02). CONCLUSIONS: Consuming 25 g of whey and caseinate proteins 30 min before an STS significantly decreases serum GH, testosterone, and FFA levels, and increases serum insulin during an STS. Furthermore, the pre‐STS protein increased EPOC and RER significantly during 2‐h recovery after STS.
Assessment of dairy products, dietary calcium and vitamin d intake in patients with breast cancer$$$ Introduction: Semen is one of the factors in preparing endometrium for embryo implantation. This is in contrast with public believed that immune response to antigen in ejaculated semen will disrupt fertility and pregnancy. The aim of this study was investigation of the influence of seminal plasma injection on Intracytoplasmic Sperm Injection (ICSI) success among infertile couples. Methods: This clinical trial was conducted on 140 infertile couples undergoing ICSI treatment in Kosar infertility clinic and reproductive health research center of Urmia, Iran during 2010‐2011. Couples were randomly divided into seminal plasma injection and control groups. Cry preserved seminal plasma was prepared 30‐60 minutes before embryo transferring. bHCG test and sonography was performed respectively at day 14 and between 6th to 12th weeks after embryo transfer. Outcomes were compared between two groups. Data were analyzed by SPSS software version 16 and chi‐square test. P value less than 0.05 was considered significant. Results: There were no significant differences in number of oocyte, quantity and quality of transferred embryo between two groups (p>0.05). Rate of implantation based onβHCG results were 24.3% (17 women) in intervention group and 25.5% (18 women) in control group. Rate of abortion was 18.7% (n=2) and 11.1% (n=3) in intervention and control groups, respectively. There were no significant differences in implantation rate (p=1) and early abortion rate (p=0.5) between two groups. Conclusion: Intravaginal application of seminal plasma has no effects on fertility outcomes in patients undergoing ICSI treatment.
Whey protein supplementation does not affect exercise training-induced changes in body composition and indices of metabolic syndrome in middle-aged overweight and obese adults$$$ Little is known about the effects of different quantities of whey protein on exercise training‐induced changes in body composition and indices of metabolic syndrome in middle‐aged overweight and obese adults. Therefore, we examined the effects of consuming 0.8‐MJ supplements with 0 (n = 126), 10 (n = 112), 20 (n = 44), or 30 (n = 45) g whey protein twice daily in conjunction with resistance (2 d/wk) and aerobic (1 d/wk) exercise training in a double‐blind, randomized, placebo‐controlled, community‐based 9‐mo study in men (n = 117) and women (n = 210)$$$ (age: 48 ± 7.9 y$$$ BMI: 30.0 ± 2.8 kg/m(2)). Whey protein supplementation did not influence any of the following outcomes, some of which were affected by training. Among all participants, strength increased by 15 ± 12% (P < 0.001) and maximal oxygen uptake capacity (VO(2)max) increased by 9 ± 15% (P < 0.001). Body weight was unchanged (0.1 ± 3.7 kg, P = 0.80), lean body mass increased by 1.9 ± 2.8% (0.95 ± 1.3 kg, P < 0.001), and fat mass decreased by 2.6 ± 9.4% (‐0.86 ± 3.1 kg, P = 0.001). Oral‐glucose‐tolerance testing showed that plasma glucose AUC was unchanged (‐18.0 ± 170 mmol/L·  3 h, P = 0.16), insulin AUC decreased by 2.6 ± 32% (‐7.5 ± 29 nmol/L·  3 h, P = 0.01), and HOMA‐IR (0.2 ± 2.0, P = 0.81) and the insulin sensitivity index (0.3 ± 3.0, P = 0.63) were unchanged. Plasma concentrations of TG$$$ total, LDL, and HDL cholesterol$$$ C‐reactive protein$$$ plasminogen activator inhibitor‐1$$$ blood pressure$$$ and waist circumference were unchanged. Whey protein supplementation did not affect exercise training‐induced responses in body composition and indices of metabolic syndrome in middle‐aged overweight and obese adults who maintained body weight.
Consuming a mixed diet enriched with lupin protein beneficially affects plasma lipids in hypercholesterolemic subjects: a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND & AIMS: The objectives of this study were to assess whether 25 g/d lupin protein, integrated into a mixed diet, might affect cardiovascular risk factors and whether l‐arginine was responsible for these effects. METHODS: Seventy‐two hypercholesterolemic subjects participated in the randomized, controlled, double‐blind three‐phase crossover study. They were assigned to three diets with 25 g/d lupin protein (LP), milk protein (MP) or milk protein plus 1.6 g/d arginine (MPA) each for 28 d in a random order interrupted by 6‐week washout periods. Lupin protein and the comparator milk protein were incorporated into complex food products (bread, roll, sausage, and vegetarian spread). Arginine was administered via capsules. Sixty‐eight subjects were included in final analyses. RESULTS: Compared with MP, LDL cholesterol was significantly lower after LP. Compared with MP and MPA, homocysteine was significantly lower after LP. Compared with baseline, concentrations of total, LDL, and HDL cholesterol significantly decreased after LP and MPA. Triacylglycerols and uric acid significantly decreased after LP. The relative changes in total and LDL cholesterol were significantly greater for subjects with severe hypercholesterolemia (>6.6 mmol/L) than those with moderate hypercholesterolemia (5.2‐6.6 mmol/L). CONCLUSIONS: The present study showed for the first time that incorporation of 25 g/d of lupin protein into a variety of complex food products lowers total and LDL cholesterol, triacylglycerols, homocysteine, and uric acid in hypercholesterolemic subjects. The hypocholesterolemic effect is stronger in subjects with severe hypercholesterolemia. Arginine might be responsible for some, but not all of the beneficial effects of lupin protein. This trial was registered at http://clinicaltrials.gov (study ID number NCT01598649).
Non-esterified plant sterols solubilized in low fat milks inhibit cholesterol absorption--a stable isotope double-blind crossover study$$$ BACKGROUND: The cholesterol absorption inhibiting properties of plant sterols in milks are unknown. The milk fat globule membrane components may enhance the absorption of cholesterol and could make plant sterols less efficient in this complex matrix. AIM OF THE STUDY: To evaluate in hypercholesterolemic men the cholesterol absorption inhibiting properties of verified properly solubilized, non‐esterified plant sterols in partly vegetable oil containing milks. METHODS: The plant sterols in milk were determined to be properly solubilized, and to have effective in vitro functionality. Sixteen hypercholesterolemic adult men (initial total cholesterol 5.8‐8.6 mM) then consumed milk containing sterols (1.8 g of non‐esterified pure plant sterols/d) and control milk, alternatively, during two 6‐day periods in a double blind cross over design. During the trial, cholesterol absorption was evaluated from the ratio of plasma isotopic enrichment of [26, 26, 26, 27, 27, 27‐(2)H(6)]cholesterol from oral intake (35.6 +/‐ 0.2 micromol, +/‐ SEM) over enrichment of [23, 24, 25, 26, 27‐(13)C(5)]cholesterol from intravenous injection (77.9 +/‐ 0.5 micromol). RESULTS: Plant sterols in low fat milks contained very few crystals > 11 microm in the presence and absence of bile salts and lysophospholipids, and inhibited cholesterol uptake in Caco‐2 cell. This assured that the sterols were properly solubilized prior to the clinical trial. In the clinical study, compliance of volunteers was excellent. After tracer injections (72 h), the plasma [(2)H] and [(13)C] isotopic enrichments changed from 0.024 +/‐ 0.001 and 0.072 +/‐ 0.003 MPE (control) to 0.015 +/‐ 0.001 and 0.074 +/‐ 0.002 MPE during sterol treatment, respectively. Cholesterol absorption was reduced from 70.1 +/‐ 4.2 % with control to 41.1 +/‐ 4.0 % with milks containing plant sterol (P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: These results demonstrate that properly solubilized non‐esterified plant sterols in milks significantly inhibit cholesterol absorption in mildly hypercholesterolemic men.
Consumption of Goat Cheese Naturally Rich in Omega-3 and Conjugated Linoleic Acid Improves the Cardiovascular and Inflammatory Biomarkers of Overweight and Obese Subjects: a Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ This study examines the value of a goat cheese naturally enriched in polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) (n‐3 PUFA and conjugated linolenic acid (CLA)) as means of improving cardiovascular and inflammatory health. Sixty‐eight overweight and obese subjects (BMI ≥ 27 and <40 kg/m2), with at least two risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) in a lipid panel blood tests, participated in a randomized, placebo‐controlled, double‐blind, parallel designed study. The subjects consumed for 12 weeks: (1) 60 g/d control goat cheese and (2) 60 g/d goat cheese naturally enriched in n‐3 PUFA and CLA. Diet and physical activity were assessed. Anthropometric and dual‐energy X‐ray absorptiometry (DXA) tests were performed. Blood samples were collected at the beginning and at the end of the study period. Changes in health status, lifestyle and dietary habits, and daily compliance were recorded. The consumption of a PUFA‐enriched goat cheese significantly increased plasma high‐density lipoprotein (HDL)‐cholesterol, as well as in apolipoprotein B, and it significantly decreased high‐sensitivity C‐reactive protein concentrations compared to the control goat cheese (p < 0.05). The significant improvement of the plasma lipid profile and inflammatory status of people with risk for CVD due to the consumption of PUFA‐enriched cheese suggests a potential role of this dairy product as an alternative to develop high nutritional value food in a balanced diet comprising regular exercise.
Moderate over-feeding of different sources of metabolizable energy and protein improved gestational insulin resistance markers and maternal metabolic status of sheep around lambing$$$ The objective of this study was to determine the effect of moderate over‐nutrition of energy (using flaxseed as a source of n‐3 fatty acids) and protein (using rumen‐protected lysine and methionine) around parturition on prepartal insulin resistance (IR) and periparturient metabolic status and performance of ewes. For this purpose, 32 apparently healthy ewes (2.5 ± 1 years old, 42.19 ± 1.65 kg body weight (BW)) were randomly selected out of 200 pregnant Zell ewes on d 50 before the expected lambing. After receiving a ten‐day adaptation diet, eight ewes were randomly allocated to one of the following four dietary treatments: 1) the adaptation diet that meets the metabolizable energy (ME) and protein (MP) requirements of ewes during late pregnancy as recommended by National Research Council = NRC (2007) (Control = CON). 2) A diet with 10% higher levels of ME than NRC (2007) recommendations using corn grain as a source of extra ME (HEC). 3) A diet with 10% higher levels of ME compared to NRC (2007) recommendations using flaxseed for additional ME (HEF). 4) A diet with a 10% higher level of MP than NRC (2007) recommendations using rumen‐protected lysine and methionine as a source of extra MP (PRO). While the dietary treatments did not affect animals' dry matter intake (DMI), the CON ewes lost more BW starting from d 10 to d 30 relative to parturition compared to others (P < 0.05). Milk protein and fat yield (g/d) were significantly higher for PRO and HEF compared to HEC and CON ewes (P < 0.05). Moderately over‐fed ewes with MP and ME had an improved insulin sensitivity (IS) compared to CON ones. The source of additional ME also impacted IR indices because HEC showed an enhancement in IS than HEF animals (P < 0.05). A lower IS in CON ewes was parallel with higher concentrations of plasma urea at prepartum (P < 0.01), lower levels of plasma cholesterol, triglyceride (P < 0.01) and glucose post‐partum (P < 0.05), and a tendency for higher levels of beta‐hydroxybutyrate (BHB) and non‐esterified fatty acids (NEFA) in CON ewes during both pre‐ and post‐partum periods. There were negative correlations between plasma urea, BHB, and NEFA with IR markers on d 7 prepartum in line with these results. Comparing data, we could not find a significant change in metabolic status among ewes fed with either PRO or HEF/HEC. In conclusion, the inclusion of 10% extra MP and ME could improve late gestation maternal IS and the metabolic status of dams around lambing.
Postprandial effect of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on apolipoprotein B-containing lipoproteins and vascular reactivity in type 2 diabetes$$$ BACKGROUND: Plasma lipoproteins may be classified by their apolipoprotein composition. The lipoprotein subclass containing apolipoproteins B and C (LpB:C) is considered the most atherogenic. OBJECTIVE: We evaluated the acute effects of individual fatty acids on apolipoprotein B (apo B)‐containing lipoproteins in adults with type 2 diabetes (n = 15). DESIGN: We administered 3 meals in a randomized, double‐blind, crossover design. Treatments contained skim milk and 50 g fat from high‐oleic acid safflower and canola oils (monounsaturated fatty acid$$$ MUFA), MUFA + 3.5 g alpha‐linolenic acid (ALA$$$ MUFA + ALA) from high‐ALA canola oil, or MUFA + 4.0 g both eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA$$$ MUFA + EPA/DHA) from sardine oil. Apo B, LpB, LpB:C, LpB:E + LpB:C:E, and LpA‐II:B:C:D:E were measured at baseline and 2 and 4 h after the meal. Flow‐mediated dilation was measured at baseline and 4 h after the meal. RESULTS: The treatments significantly increased apo B and LpB postprandially (P < 0.03 for both), but the magnitude of the changes did not differ significantly between the treatments. The postprandial change in LpB:C was 23% lower after MUFA + EPA/DHA than after MUFA (treatment x time interaction, P < 0.0001). MUFA + ALA attenuated the increase in LpA‐II:B:C:D:E in those with high triacylglycerols (>/=1.69 mmol/L) but was the only treatment to significantly increase this particle in those with low triacylglycerols (treatment x group interaction, P < 0.0001). Examination of change scores did not reveal the source of the interaction of treatment and time (P < 0.007) for LpB:E + LpB:C:E. Furthermore, the subjects with the largest increases in LpB:C exhibited the largest impairment in endothelial function. CONCLUSIONS: The results suggest that unsaturated fatty acids differentially affect concentrations of apo B‐containing lipoprotein subclasses. A rise in LpB:C adversely affects endothelial function. Meals containing MUFA + EPA/DHA attenuated the postprandial rise in LpB:C and the impairment of endothelial function.
Effect of acute consumption of strawberry jam on glycaemic status in both non-complicated and type 2 diabetic obese volunteers: a pilot study$$$ The aim of this intervention trial was to evaluate the impact of consumption of two different types of strawberry jam on glycaemic status in 16 non‐complicated and 7 type 2 diabetic volunteers, having a body mass index higher than 30 kg/m2 (obesity status) and selected according to the specific criteria. Volunteers consumed a test meal consisting of 30 g of white bread, 50 g of an experimental jam (sweetened with organic apple juice) and 150 ml of whole cow milk$$$ a control jam (sweetened with white beet sugar) was provided within the same test meal with a week gap. For the determination of glucose and insulin levels, venous blood samples were collected after overnight fasting and every 30 min for 3 h after the ingestion of the test meal. Both groups of volunteers had a significantly lower (P<0.05) increase of glucose and insulin levels at 30 and 60 min after the consumption of the experimental jam with respect to the control one, highlighting the importance of the type of carbohydrates in controlling glycaemic status: indeed, this type of jam, containing mainly fructose, was successful not only for diabetics but also for subjects at risk of developing this pathology, with a severe obesity condition. The consumption of this kind of product could be a strategy to enhance the quality of life in type 2 diabetic people, helping them to follow a dietary regimen including highly accepted food. © Springer‐Verlag 2011.
A mild favorable effect of soy protein with isoflavones on body composition--a 6-month double-blind randomized placebo-controlled trial among Chinese postmenopausal women$$$ BACKGROUND: In vitro and animal studies suggested that soy protein and isoflavones promote weight and body fat loss. However, clinical trials in humans were few and the effects remained uncertain. OBJECTIVES: To examine whether soy protein with isoflavones and isoflavone extracts exert beneficial effects on body composition among postmenopausal women. DESIGN: A double‐blind randomized placebo‐controlled trial was conducted among 180 postmenopausal Chinese women with mild hyperglycemia. After a 2‐week adaptation, participants were randomly assigned to one of the three arms to receive 15 g soy protein and 100 mg isoflavones (Soy group), or 15 g milk protein and 100 mg isoflavones (Iso group), or 15 g milk protein (placebo group) on a daily basis for 6 months.Results:We observed a mild but significant favorable effect of soy protein with isoflavones on the changes of body weight (BW), body mass index, and body fat percentage relative to isoflavone extracts and milk protein after 6‐month supplementation. The mean differences of BW between the Soy and the Iso groups were ‐0.75 kg (95% CI: ‐1.363 to ‐0.136, P=0.017), and between the Soy and the placebo groups were ‐0.60 kg (95% CI: ‐1.209 to ‐0.019, P=0.047). The mean difference of change percentage in body fat percentage between the Soy and the Iso groups was ‐3.74% (95% CI: ‐6.88 to ‐0.60%, P=0.02), and between the Soy and the placebo groups was ‐2.54% (95% CI: ‐5.69 to 0.12%. P=0.08). CONCLUSIONS: Six‐month supplementation of soy protein with isoflavones had a mild favorable effect on body composition in postmenopausal women.
Endogenous GLP1 and GLP1 analogue alter CNS responses to palatable food consumption$$$ Glucagon‐like peptide‐1 (GLP1) affects appetite, supposedly mediated via the central nervous system (CNS). In this study, we investigate whether modulation of CNS responses to palatable food consumption may be a mechanism by which GLP1 contributes to the central regulation of feeding. Using functional MRI, we determined the effects of endogenous GLP1 and treatment with the GLP1 analogue liraglutide on CNS activation to chocolate milk receipt. Study 1 included 20 healthy lean individuals and 20 obese patients with type 2 diabetes (T2DM). Scans were performed on two occasions: during infusion of the GLP1 receptor antagonist exendin 9 ‐ 39 (blocking actions of endogenous GLP1) and during placebo infusion. Study 2 was a randomised, cross‐over intervention study carried out in 20 T2DM patients, comparing treatment with liraglutide to insulin, after 10 days and 12 weeks. Compared with lean individuals, T2DM patients showed reduced activation to chocolate milk in right insula (P = 0.04). In lean individuals, blockade of endogenous GLP1 effects inhibited activation in bilateral insula (P ≤ 0.03). Treatment in T2DM with liraglutide, vs insulin, increased activation to chocolate milk in right insula and caudate nucleus after 10 days (P ≤ 0.03)$$$ however, these effects ceased to be significant after 12 weeks. Our findings in healthy lean individuals indicate that endogenous GLP1 is involved in the central regulation of feeding by affecting central responsiveness to palatable food consumption. In obese T2DM, treatment with liraglutide may improve the observed deficit in responsiveness to palatable food, which may contribute to the induction of weight loss observed during treatment. However, no long‐term effects of liraglutide were observed.
Effects of resistance training and protein plus amino acid supplementation on muscle anabolism, mass, and strength$$$ This study examined 10 wks of resistance training and the ingestion of supplemental protein and amino acids on muscle performance and markers of muscle anabolism. Nineteen untrained males were randomly assigned to supplement groups containing either 20 g protein (14 g whey and casein protein, 6 g free amino acids) or 20 g dextrose placebo ingested 1 h before and after exercise for a total of 40 g/d. Participants exercised 4 times/wk using 3 sets of 6‐8 repetitions at 85‐90% of the one repetition maximum. Data were analyzed with two‐way ANOVA (p < 0.05). The protein supplement resulted in greater increases in total body mass, fat‐free mass, thigh mass, muscle strength, serum IGF‐1, IGF‐1 mRNA, MHC I and IIa expression, and myofibrillar protein. Ten‐wks of resistance training with 20 g protein and amino acids ingested 1 h before and after exercise is more effective than carbohydrate placebo in up‐regulating markers of muscle protein synthesis and anabolism along with subsequent improvements in muscle performance.
Resistance training and dietary protein: effects on glucose tolerance and contents of skeletal muscle insulin signaling proteins in older persons$$$ BACKGROUND: Resistance training (RT) and dietary protein independently influence indexes of whole‐body glucose control, though their synergistic effects have not yet been documented. OBJECTIVE: This study assessed the influence of dietary protein intake on RT‐induced changes in systemic glucose tolerance and the contents of skeletal muscle insulin signaling proteins in healthy older persons. DESIGN: Thirty‐six older men and women (age: 61 +/‐ 1 y) performed RT (3 times/wk for 12 wk) and consumed either 0.9 g protein . kg(‐1) . d(‐1) [lower‐protein (LP) group$$$ approximately 112% of the Recommended Dietary Allowance (RDA)] or 1.2 g protein . kg(‐1) . d(‐1) [higher‐protein (HP) group$$$ approximately 150% of the RDA]$$$ the HP group consumed more total, egg, and dairy proteins. RESULTS: After RT, body weight was unchanged$$$ whole‐body protein and water masses increased, and fat mass decreased with no significantly different responses observed between the LP and HP groups. The RT‐induced improvement in oral glucose tolerance (decreased area under the curve, AUC) was not significantly different between the groups (LP: ‐28%$$$ HP: ‐25%). The insulin (‐21%) and C‐peptide (‐14%) AUCs decreased in the LP group but did not change significantly in the HP group. Skeletal muscle insulin receptor, insulin receptor substrate‐1, and Akt contents were unchanged, and the amount of atypical protein kinase C zeta/lambda (aPKC zeta/lambda), a protein involved with insulin signaling, increased 56% with RT, independent of protein intake. CONCLUSION: These results support the hypothesis that older persons who consume adequate or moderately high amounts of dietary protein can use RT to improve body composition, oral glucose tolerance, and skeletal muscle aPKC zeta/lambda content without a change in body weight.
Effects of an isocaloric healthy Nordic diet on insulin sensitivity, lipid profile and inflammation markers in metabolic syndrome -- a randomized study (SYSDIET)$$$ BACKGROUND: Different healthy food patterns may modify cardiometabolic risk. We investigated the effects of an isocaloric healthy Nordic diet on insulin sensitivity, lipid profile, blood pressure and inflammatory markers in people with metabolic syndrome. METHODS: We conducted a randomized dietary study lasting for 18‐24 weeks in individuals with features of metabolic syndrome (mean age 55 years, BMI 31.6 kg m(‐2) , 67% women). Altogether 309 individuals were screened, 200 started the intervention after 4‐week run‐in period, and 96 (proportion of dropouts 7.9%) and 70 individuals (dropouts 27%) completed the study, in the Healthy diet and Control diet groups, respectively. Healthy diet included whole‐grain products, berries, fruits and vegetables, rapeseed oil, three fish meals per week and low‐fat dairy products. An average Nordic diet served as a Control diet. Compliance was monitored by repeated 4‐day food diaries and fatty acid composition of serum phospholipids. RESULTS: Body weight remained stable, and no significant changes were observed in insulin sensitivity or blood pressure. Significant changes between the groups were found in non‐HDL cholesterol (‐0.18, mmol L(‐1) 95% CI ‐0.35$$$ ‐0.01, P = 0.04), LDL to HDL cholesterol (‐0.15, ‐0.28$$$ ‐0.00, P = 0.046) and apolipoprotein B to apolipoprotein A1 ratios (‐0.04, ‐0.07$$$ ‐0.00, P = 0.025) favouring the Healthy diet. IL‐1 Ra increased during the Control diet (difference ‐84, ‐133$$$ ‐37 ng L(‐1) , P = 0.00053). Intakes of saturated fats (E%, beta estimate 4.28, 0.02$$$ 8.53, P = 0.049) and magnesium (mg, ‐0.23, ‐0.41$$$ ‐0.05, P = 0.012) were associated with IL‐1 Ra. CONCLUSIONS: Healthy Nordic diet improved lipid profile and had a beneficial effect on low‐grade inflammation.
The effect of dietary protein source on serum lipids$$$ Hypercholesterolemia and elevated LDL‐C are leading risk factors for cardiovascular disease. Vegetable based diets can improve serum cholesterol profiles with specific beneficial effects attributed to soy foods. However, there are limited data comparing the effects of soy based and non‐soy based vegetable diets on lipids, particularly using whole food diets. We conducted a secondary data analysis using data from a randomized trial that evaluated the effect of dietary protein source on calcium metabolism. Postmenopausal women without renal, GI, or bone disease, or insulin requiring DM (n=176, age = 63 ± 7 years) were randomized to one of four weighed metabolic diets for eight weeks. Diets were equivalent in energy (2149 ± 157 kcals/d), protein (73 ± 4 g/d), and fat (73 ± 20 g/d) with >80% of the protein coming from either non‐dairy animal, non‐soy vegetable, dairy or soy sources. Total cholesterol content was 0 mg/d in vegetable and soy diets and 238 ± 87 mg/day in animal and dairy diets. Saturated fat was 12 ± 5, 8 ± 1, 29 ± 4, 9 ± 4 g/d in the animal, vegetable, dairy, and soy diets respectively (p<0.05 for dairy vs. other groups). Polyunsaturated fat was 9 ± 4, 27 ± 6, 5 ± 2, 23 ± 3 g/d in the animal, vegetable, dairy, and soy diets respectively (p<0.05 for each of animal and dairy vs. each of vegetable and soy). Fasting blood samples, obtained at baseline and week 8 were assayed for total cholesterol, LDL‐C, HDL‐C, triglycerides, glucose and insulin. Change in each variable was calculated by subtracting the baseline value from the week 8 value. Parameters were compared across diet groups using ANOVA. Baseline lipid concentrations were not different among diet groups. Total cholesterol decreased by 39 ± 3 mg/d in the soy group (p<0.001 vs. dairy, p=0.002 vs. animal) and 31 ± 5 in the vegetable group (p=0.004 vs. dairy, 0.15 vs. animal). LDL‐C decreased by 28 ± 3 mg/d in the soy group (p<0.001 vs. dairy, p=0.01 vs. animal) and 21 ± 4 in the vegetable group (p=0.006 vs. dairy, 0.38 vs. animal). There were no significant differences in lipid effects between the soy and vegetable diets. There were no significant differences among the groups in change in triglyceride, VLDL, HOMA‐IR, fasting glucose, or insulin. HDL‐C decreased by 12 ± 1 mg/d in the soy group (p<0.008 vs. dairy, p=0.02 vs. animal) although there were no significant differences in change in total cholesterol:HDL ratio. There were no significant changes in HDL‐C in any other diet group. In conclusion, both the soy and vegetable diets resulted in significant reductions in total cholesterol and LDL although the reductions in the vegetable group, while significant compared to the dairy group, were not statistically significant compared to the animal group. Given that there were no significant differences between the soy and vegetable groups, these data do not support a specific lipid lowering component in soy foods, but suggest a beneficial effect of plant based diets in general.
The effects of a 3-month nutrition intervention on dietary habits and weight change in hospitalized schizophrenic patients with metabolic syndrome$$$ Introduction: Schizophrenic patients are more likely to develop metabolic syndrome (MetS) than the general population. Although the exact reasons for higher MetS prevalence are not yet been fully determined, poor dietary habits may contribute to its development. This study aims to examine the effects of a 3‐month nutrition intervention on dietary habits and weight change in hospitalized schizophrenic patients with MetS. Materials and Methods: Seventy‐nine hospitalized schizophrenic patients with MetS (aged 18‐67) were enrolled in a 3‐month randomized controlled trial. Sixty‐seven of initially enrolled patients (84.8%) completed the intervention. Participants were randomly assigned to an intervention group (IG$$$ n = 33) or a control group (CG$$$ n = 34). The IG followed the DASH diet (‐400 kcal/day when compared to regular hospital diet), the CG continued being on a regular hospital diet (2200‐2400 kcal/day), while both groups participated in a nutrition educational program (4 lectures about the development of healthier eating habits). Prior and after the intervention, body weight (BW) was measured and dietary habits were assessed using the nutrition section of Dlugosch &Krieger's General Health Behaviour Questionnaire. Participants also kept a diary of food individually purchased. Results: Nutrition intervention positively modulated the dietary habits and BW of both groups. After 3 months, in the IG, the consumption of white bread (p < 0.001), pastries (p < 0.001), cured meat products (p < 0.001), sweets (p = 0.003), and carbonated soft drinks (p = 0.009) significantly decreased, while the consumption of whole‐wheat bread (p < 0.001), fruits (p < 0.001), nuts (p < 0.001), and vegetables (p < 0.001) significantly increased, when compared to the baseline data. Simultaneously, in the CG, the identified modifications mainly referred to a decreased consumption of snacks (p = 0.042) and fast food (p = 0.005), together with an increased consumption of low‐fat milk and dairy products (p = 0.019) and vegetables (p = 0.003). Furthermore, results have shown that, compared to the CG, IG significantly improved dietary habits by decreasing the consumption frequency of white bread (p < 0.001), cured meat products (p < 0.001), and sweets (p = 0.043), while at the same time significantly increasing the consumption frequency of whole‐wheat bread (p < 0.001), low‐fat milk and dairy products (p < 0.001), fruits (p < 0.001), nuts (p < 0.001), and vegetables (p < 0.001). After 3 months, BW significantly decreased in IG (p < 0.001) and CG (p = 0.018), but with no significant difference between respective groups (p = 0.943). Discussion: The findings suggest that this type of a 3‐month nutrition intervention could be a valuable tool for an improvement of dietary habits and potentially an add‐on therapy to reduce the MetS prevalence and the overall cardiovascular risk in schizophrenic patients.
Pain-Reducing Modalities Before Botulinum Type A Injections for Hemifacial Spasm Treatment: a Comparative Study$$$ Background: Botulinum toxin A (Botox) therapy is safe and effective for hemifacial spasm, however, the associated discomfort and pain from injections limit its usefulness. Objective: To evaluate pain, preparation difficulty, and satisfaction following application of a eutectic mixture of local anesthetic (EMLA) cream, ice application, and placebo before Botox injections for hemifacial spasm. Materials and Methods: Twenty‐two patients received four Botox injections in the facial area to treat hemifacial spasm, between June 2022 and March 2023. The initial treatment began in June 2022, followed by treatments at 3, 6, and 9 months. The EMLA cream, ice application, control, and placebo were administered consecutively for each Botox treatment. Pain, preparation difficulty, and satisfaction were evaluated on a 0 to 10 scale. Neurological and bleeding complications were recorded. Results: The mean pain score for EMLA cream application was the lowest, followed by cold compressions. The mean pain score in the control with placebo intervention was not significantly different from that in the control. The control without placebo intervention had the lowest difficulty in preparation score at 0.82 and showed no significant difference with EMLA application. Whereas cold compression had the highest difficulty in preparation score. The highest satisfaction score was obtained with the EMLA cream application at 9.45. The satisfaction score was higher in the control with placebo intervention at 8.32 than in the control, which had the lowest satisfaction score at 6.91. The number of injections and neurological complications did not differ among the four methods. The bleeding site ratio was the lowest with the cold compression method. Conclusion: EMLA cream application resulted in the lowest mean pain and the highest satisfaction scores. Control with placebo intervention increased the satisfaction score without reducing the mean pain score. Cold compression decreased bleeding complications, and the second‐lowest mean pain scores.
Is there an association between diet, obesity and acne?$$$ Background Despite acne being an almost universal condition in younger people, relatively little is known about its epidemiology. Objectives We sought to summarize what is known about the relationship between diet and obesity with acne by conducting a systematic review of relevant epidemiological studies. Methods We searched the Medline database and EMBASE from 1974 until the end of January 2012. Additionally, NHSevidence was searched. Our search strategy combined the terms acne vulgaris with epidemiology, aetiology, cause, diet, dairy, food, milk, GI, glycaemic index, chocolate, body mass index and obesity. Results We found one single‐blind, randomized controlled trial (RCT) of a high vs. low glycaemic index in 43 men. Those on a low‐glycaemic load diet had fewer total lesion counts than those who consumed carbohydratedense foods. Associated factors such as the weight loss of participants and the fats and protein consumed needed further delineation however. A questionnaire study, using a validated food frequency questionnaire of over 47 000 women, found a positive association between a history of acne and skimmed milk. This study had a high risk of recall bias and confounding factors were not taken into account fully. Two further studies also found positive associations between milk and acne. Both studies were limited by the absence of blinded objective measurements. Regarding chocolate, a single‐blind placebo‐controlled, crossover trial in male prisoners found no difference in severity between a high chocolate consuming group and a control group. The roles of iodine, vitamin‐A, antioxidants, omega‐3 fatty acids and fibre were not clear. A large population‐based study found obesity rates to be higher in females with acne but not in males. The number of obese patients in the population under study was low however. Conclusions The evidence to date is weak mainly due to methodological flaws. This highlights a need for larger, welldesigned, blinded, randomized, provocation trials.
Dairy calcium supplementation in overweight or obese persons: its effect on markers of fat metabolism$$$ BACKGROUND: Dairy calcium supplementation has been proposed to increase fat oxidation and to inhibit lipogenesis. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to investigate the effects of calcium supplementation on markers of fat metabolism. DESIGN: In a placebo‐controlled, crossover experiment, 10 overweight or obese subjects who were low calcium consumers received 800 mg dairy Ca/d for 5 wk. After 4 wk, adipose tissue was taken for biopsy for analysis of gene expression. Respiratory exchange, glycerol turnover, and subcutaneous adipose tissue microdialysis were performed for 7 h after consumption of 400 mg Ca or placebo, and the ingestion of either randomized slow‐release caffeine (SRC$$$ 300 mg) or lactose (500 mg). One week later, the test was repeated with the SRC or lactose crossover. RESULTS: Calcium supplementation increased urinary calcium excretion by 16% (P = 0.017) but did not alter plasma parathyroid hormone or osteocalcin concentrations. Resting energy expenditure (59.9 +/‐ 3.0 or 59.6 +/‐ 3.3 kcal/h), fat oxidation (58.4 +/‐ 2.5 or 53.8 +/‐ 2.2 mg/min), plasma free fatty acid concentrations (0.63 +/‐ 0.02 or 0.62 +/‐ 0.03 mmol/L), and glycerol turnover (3.63 +/‐ 0.41 or 3.70 +/‐ 0.38 micromol . kg(‐1) . min(‐1)) were similar with or without calcium, respectively. SRC significantly increased free fatty acid concentrations, resting fat oxidation, and resting energy expenditure. During microdialysis, epinephrine increased dialysate glycerol concentrations by 250% without and 254% with calcium. Expression of 7 key metabolic genes in subcutaneous adipose tissue was not affected by calcium supplementation. CONCLUSION: Dairy calcium supplementation in overweight subjects with habitually low calcium intakes failed to alter fat metabolism and energy expenditure under resting conditions and during acute stimulation by caffeine or epinephrine.
Milk enriched with conjugated linoleic acid fails to alter blood lipids or body composition in moderately overweight, borderline hyperlipidemic individuals$$$ BACKGROUND: Dietary conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) represents a group of positional and geometric isomers of conjugated dienoic derivatives of linoleic acid. The effects of dietary CLA on blood lipids and body composition in humans remain controversial. OBJECTIVE: To examine whether consumption of milk enriched naturally or synthetically with cis 9, trans 11 (c‐9, t‐11) and trans 10, cis 12 (t‐10, c‐12) CLA isomers alters blood lipid indices, including concentrations of total cholesterol, low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol, high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol, and triacyglycerol$$$ indices of liver function including plasma alanine transaminase and total bilirubin$$$ C‐reactive protein$$$ tumor necrosis factor‐alpha$$$ and body weight and composition in moderately overweight, borderline hyperlipidemic humans. DESIGN: A randomized, 3‐phase, crossover, single‐blind clinical trial was carried out in moderately overweight, borderline hyperlipidemic individuals who consumed (1) milk naturally enriched in CLA (4.2%) containing c‐9, t‐11 only providing 1.3 g/d of CLA$$$ (2) milk enriched with a 4.2% synthetic mixture of t‐10, c‐12 and c‐9, t‐11 CLA isomers providing 1.3 g/d of CLA$$$ or (3) untreated milk as a control providing 0.2 g/d CLA. Dietary phases were each 8 weeks in duration and were separated by 4‐week washout periods. Plasma lipid levels were measured in blood samples collected at the beginning and end of each dietary phase. Magnetic resonance imaging was carried out at the beginning and end of each dietary phase to assess any changes in regional body fat composition. RESULTS: Compared with the control intervention, consumption of the two CLA‐enriched milks failed to alter plasma total cholesterol, low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol, high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol, or triacyglycerol concentrations$$$ body weight$$$ or fat composition. CLA consumption did not significantly affect plasma alanine transaminase, total bilirubin, C‐reactive protein, or tumor necrosis factor‐alpha concentrations. CONCLUSION: Results from this study fail to support the role of milk enriched naturally with CLA containing c‐9, t‐11 or synthetically with c‐9, t‐11 and t‐10, c‐12 CLA isomers in modulation of lipid profiles or body composition in moderately overweight, borderline hyperlipidemic individuals.
Increased Dairy Product Intake Alters Serum Metabolite Profiles in Subjects at Risk of Developing Type 2 Diabetes$$$ SCOPE: Metabolomics is increasingly used to identify biomarkers of diet or chronic diseases, such as type 2 diabetes. Yet, metabolite signatures following dairy intake in hyperinsulinemic subjects have not been identified. The objective is to evaluate the effects of a high dairy diet (HD) for 6 weeks (4 servings or more per day), compared with an adequate dairy diet (AD) (2 servings or less per day), on serum metabolite profiles in hyperinsulinemic adults. METHODS AND RESULTS: In this crossover trial, subjects are randomized to HD or AD for 6 weeks. Serum metabolites are assessed using GC/MS. Twenty‐six subjects completed the study. Levels of pentadecanoic acid, tyrosine and lathosterol are increased in HD, while 1,5‐anhydrosorbitol, myo‐inositol, 3‐aminoisobutyric acid and beta‐sitosterol are decreased (p < 0.05). Sorbitol levels are increased after AD, while hexanoic acid, lauric acid, l‐kynurenine, methionine, and benzoic acid levels are reduced (p < 0.05). Histidine, caprylic acid, nonanoic acid, decanoic acid, lauric acid, heptadecanoic acid, and benzoic acid levels are increased in HD compared to AD, while malic acid levels are increased in AD compared with HD (p < 0.05). CONCLUSION: Higher dairy products intake modifies metabolite profiles in hyperinsulinemic subjects.
Both higher serum vitamin D and dairy calcium intake are related to a greater 2-year diet induced weight loss, especially in diabetes$$$ Background: The role of serum 25‐OH vitamin D levels and dairy calcium intake on weight loss is controversial. Objective: To address the association of dairy calcium intake and serum 25‐ OH vitamin D levels with long‐term weight loss in persons with type 2 diabetes (T2D) and with persons with normal glucose tolerance (NGT). Design: We analyzed the 2‐year Dietary Intervention Randomized Controlled Trial (DIRECT)[NGT: n=277, T2D: n=45, mean body‐mass‐index (BMI)=31kg/m2$$$mean age=52years]. A representative sample (n=126) was followed for 6‐months for serum vitamin D changes. Dietary intake, including dairy products, was evaluated by a validated food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). Results: Serum baseline 25‐OH Vitamin D levels were significantly lower within the higher tertile of baseline BMI in both groups (entire group: 25.6ng/m, 24.1ng/ml and 22.9ng/ml$$$ p for tend=0.02). Baseline levels of vitamin D and dairy calcium intake were not associated with subsequent weight loss. In repeated measures models, adjusted for age, sex, baseline BMI, total fat intake and diet group assignment, the six months tertiles of dairy calcium intake (mean for tertiles: T2D: 160.8mg/day, 364.1mg/day, 743.5mg/ day, NGT: 153.3mg/day, 353.9mg/day, 638.2mg/day) and the six months tertiles of serum 25‐OH vitamin D (T2D: 14.0ng/ml, 21.1ng/ml, 30.4ng/ml, NGT:13.8ng/ml, 20.8ng/ml, 31.0ng/ml) were associated with weight loss across the two‐years of intervention. However, these associations were much stronger in persons with T2D. (‐1.3kg$$$ ‐4.1kg and ‐7.7kg$$$ across tertiles of dairy calcium$$$ p=0.018, and ‐0.8kg, ‐5.3kg and ‐8.7kg$$$ across tertiles of serum 25‐OH vitamin D$$$ p=0.042). Conclusion: Higher dairy calcium intake and increased serum vitamin D are related to greater dietary‐intervention two‐year weight loss, especially among persons with type 2 diabetes. (Graph presented).
Dairy consumption and working memory performance in overweight and obese adults$$$ All individuals will experience some degree of cognitive impairment in their later years. Diet is one readily modifiable factor that may influence cognitive function and psychological well‐being. Very little research has considered the potential role of dairy foods in modulating cognitive and psychological functions. The objective of this study was to determine the effect of a high intake of reduced fat dairy food on cognitive performance. Overweight adults with habitually low dairy intakes (< two serves/day) were recruited for a 12 month crossover dietary intervention trial and randomised to a high (four serves/day) or low (one serve/day) intake of reduced fat dairy, crossing over to the alternate diet after 6 months. Participants were tested at the end of each 6 month diet period on multiple measures of cognitive performance, including memory, information processing speed, executive function, attention and abstract reasoning. In 38 participants who completed the trial (average age=52±2 years$$$ BMI=31.5±0.8 kg/m(2)), spatial working memory performance was marginally better following 6 months of the high dairy diet compared with the low dairy diet. Increasing the dairy intake of habitually low dairy consumers may have the potential to improve working memory.
Effects of Soy-Soluble Fiber and Flaxseed Gum on the Glycemic and Insulinemic Responses to Glucose Solutions and Dairy Products in Healthy Adult Males$$$ Objective: Soy‐soluble polysaccharides and flaxseed gum are underutilized dietary fibers of interest to the food industry. However, because the ability of soluble fibers to modulate postprandial glucose and insulin metabolism has been related to their viscous effects, the utility of these and other low‐viscosity soluble fibers remains unproven. The objective of this study was to examine the associations between soy‐soluble polysaccharides and flaxseed gum concentration, product viscosity, and the postprandial glycemic and insulinemic responses in the context of glucose solutions as well as fluid and gelled dairy products. Methods: Twelve healthy males participated in a randomized crossover postprandial study in which they visited the laboratory following overnight fasts on 11 occasions to consume one of 11 study treatments, each consisting of 50 g available carbohydrates. The study treatments included a glucose reference (in duplicate), glucose solutions containing soy‐soluble polysaccharides (6%), flaxseed gum (0.7%), or guar gum (0.23%), all matched for an apparent viscosity of 61 mPa·s at 50 s−1, as well as dairy‐based beverages and puddings with 0% or 1% soluble fiber added. Blood samples were collected at fasting and up to 2 hours postprandially for determination of glucose and insulin concentrations. Area under the curve (AUC), peak concentration, and time‐to‐peak values as well as glycemic index (GI) and insulinemic index (II) were calculated. Results: Fiber fortification of a 50 g glucose solution had no effect on postprandial blood glucose or insulin levels, even at a high concentration (i.e., 6% soy‐soluble polysaccharides). Glucose AUC and GI values for the dairy‐based beverage (p < 0.05) and pudding (p < 0.01) controls were significantly lower than the glucose reference. Glucose AUC and GI values for the soy‐soluble polysaccharide‐fortified dairy products (p < 0.01) and flaxseed gum–fortified dairy products (p < 0.001) were significantly lower than the glucose reference. No significant differences were observed between the fiber‐fortified fluid and gelled dairy‐based study treatments and no significant differences were observed in terms of the insulin AUC, II, and peak insulin concentration between any of the dairy products. Conclusions: All dairy products had lower glycemic responses relative to the reference, with no effect of beverage versus pudding matrix observed and minimal impact of 1% flaxseed gum or soy‐soluble polysaccharides. Product apparent viscosity, but not fiber concentration, was significantly and inversely correlated with glucose AUC and GI.
Differential effects of saturated and monounsaturated fats on postprandial lipemia and glucagon-like peptide 1 responses in patients with type 2 diabetes$$$ BACKGROUND: Postprandial lipemia is important in the development of coronary artery disease because of elevated postprandial triacylglycerol‐rich plasma lipoproteins and suppressed HDL‐cholesterol concentrations. We showed in healthy subjects a possible association between postprandial lipid metabolism and the responses of the duodenal incretin hormones glucagon‐like peptide 1 (GLP‐1) and gastric inhibitory polypeptide after meals rich in saturated and monounsaturated fatty acids (oleic acid), respectively. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to compare the postprandial responses (8 h) of glucose, insulin, fatty acids, triacylglycerol, gastric inhibitory polypeptide, and GLP‐1 to saturated‐ and monounsaturated‐rich test meals. DESIGN: Twelve overweight patients with type 2 diabetes ingested 3 meals randomly: an energy‐free soup with 50 g carbohydrate (control meal), the control meal plus 100 g butter, and the control meal plus 80 g olive oil. Triacylglycerol responses were measured in total plasma and in a chylomicron‐rich and a chylomicron‐poor fraction. RESULTS: No significant differences in the glucose, insulin, or fatty acid responses to the 2 fat‐rich meals were seen. The plasma triacylglycerol and chylomicron triacylglycerol responses were highest after the butter meal. HDL‐cholesterol concentrations decreased significantly after the butter meal but did not change significantly after the olive oil meal. GLP‐1 responses were highest after the olive oil meal. CONCLUSIONS: Olive oil induced lower triacylglycerol concentrations and higher HDL‐cholesterol concentrations than did butter, without eliciting significant changes in glucose, insulin, or fatty acids. Furthermore, olive oil induced higher concentrations of GLP‐1, which may indicate a relation between fatty acid composition, incretin responses, and triacylglycerol metabolism postprandially in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Effects of milk and milk constituents on postprandial lipid and glucose metabolism in overweight and obese men$$$ Studies have suggested that two major milk constituents, casein and Ca, favourably affect postprandial responses. However, effects of milk on postprandial metabolism are unknown. We therefore investigated effects of using milk with a fat‐containing meal on lipid and glucose responses in overweight men. To identify the constituent responsible for possible effects, we also studied responses to Ca and protein. A total of sixteen men (BMI .27 kg/m2) participated in four postprandial tests. They consumed a breakfast (44 g of fat) plus a drink: a control drink, low‐fat milk or a protein and Ca drink (500 ml). Blood samples were taken before the meals and at regular time points during 6 h thereafter. Compared with control, the incremental AUC (iAUC) for serum TAG was increased by 44% after the protein meal (P¼0·015). Although the iAUC were not different (P¼0·051), peak glucose concentrations were reduced by 24% after protein intake, as compared with control (P¼0·021). The decrease of 18% after milk intake did not reach statistical significance. Compared with the milk meal, the iAUC for insulin was 52% lower after the control meal (P¼0·035) and 51% after the protein meal (P¼0·005). The present results indicate that the intake of milk with a fat‐containing meal enhances postprandial TAG and insulin responses and may blunt glucose increases. The protein fraction of milk seems to be the main determinant for the effects on TAG and glucose. Ca did not change any of the postprandial responses.
Dairy-rich diets augment fat loss on an energy-restricted diet: a multicenter trial$$$ A 12‐week randomized controlled multi‐center clinical trial was conducted in 106 overweight and obese adults. Diets were designed to produce a 2,093 kJ/day energy deficit with either low calcium (LC$$$ 600 mg/day), high calcium (HC$$$ 1,400 mg/day), or high dairy (HD$$$ three dairy servings, diet totaling 1,400 mg/day). Ninety‐three subjects completed the trial, and 68 met all a priori weekly compliance criteria. Both HC and HD contained comparable levels of calcium, but HC was only 30% as effective as HD in suppressing 1,25‐(OH)(2)D and exerted no significant effects on weight loss or body composition compared to LC. In the group that met compliance criteria, HD resulted in two‐fold augmentation of fat loss compared to LC and HC (HD: ‐4.43 ± 0.53 kg$$$ LC: ‐2.69 ± 0.0.53 kg$$$ HC: ‐2.23 ± 0.73 kg, p < 0.025)$$$ assessment of all completers and an intent‐to‐treat analysis produced similar trends. HD augmentated central (trunk) fat loss (HD: ‐2.38 ± 0.30 kg$$$ HC: ‐1.42 ± 0.30 kg$$$ LC: ‐1.36 ± 0.42 kg, p < 0.05) and waist circumference (HD: ‐7.65 ± 0.75 cm$$$ LC: ‐4.92 ± 0.74 cm$$$ LC: ‐4.95 ± 1.05 cm, p < 0.025). Similar effects were noted among all subjects completing the study and in an intent‐to‐treat analysis. These data indicate that dairy‐rich diets augment weight loss by targeting the fat compartment during energy restriction.
Pharmacological treatments for basal cell carcinoma$$$ Basal cell carcinoma (BCC) is the most common non‐melanoma skin cancer, and its incidence continues to rise. Current management options are numerous and focus on tumour eradication while maximising cosmetic and functional capacity. Although surgery continues to be considered the main treatment modality, new pharmacological agents, such as immunomodulators, topical chemotherapeutic agents and photodynamic therapy, have emerged and show promising results. Pharmacological agents offer the potential for lower morbidity and improved tissue preservation compared with surgery and radiotherapy. However, pharmacological treatments possess higher failure rates when compared with surgery, and most studies have investigated only low‐risk lesions. Several prospective, randomised, double‐blind, vehicle‐controlled studies have established the efficacy of imiquimod for superficial BCC. This review summarises the evidence regarding the mechanism, efficacy and safety of pharmacological agents based on the literature from the past 10 years. Experimental treatments that have been successfully utilised in the treatment of BCC are also discussed. Treatment of BCC with other agents, such as tazarotene, glycoalkaloid (BEC‐5) cream, cidofovir and calcium dobesilate have been reported, but further studies are needed to ascertain the efficacy and adverse‐effect profiles of these treatments.
The association between dietary pattern for the non-fast food remainder of intake and obesity among South Korean adults$$$ Introduction: Although it is generally known that fast food consumption is associated with obesity, it remains unclear in South Korea. In addition, the study on the effect of eating habits or dietary pattern except for fast foods on obesity was insufficient. We examined the association of dietary factors and dietary pattern for the non‐fast food remainder of intake with overweight/obesity. Methods: This cross‐sectional analysis studied 19,012 South Korean adults aged 19‐64 Y from the Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (KNHANES) 2008‐2010. Cluster analysis identified 3 dietary patterns for the non‐fast food remainder of intake: pattern 1 (other grain, nuts, fruit, eggs, milk, oils, and soda), pattern 2 (white rice, kimchi, and seaweeds), and pattern 3 (meat and alcohol). Multivariable‐adjusted linear and logistic regression models were fit to assess the association of fast food consumption and dietary pattern for the remainder of intake and examine the association between each dietary pattern and obesity. Results: The proportion of fast food consumer on the surveyed day were about 10%. Compared with non‐consumers, fast food consumers had a significantly higher intake of meat and its products, milk, dairy, oils, soda, alcohol even excluding fast foods items. The fast food consumers had higher total energy intake (2741 kcal/d [including approximately 510 kcal/d from fast food items]) derived from protein and fat than that of non‐consumers (2048 kcal/d). Consuming a dietary pattern 1 and 3 for the remainder of intake were more likely among fast food consumers (pattern 1: OR: 2.00$$$ 95% CI: 1.76, 2.27, pattern 3: OR: 1.21$$$ 95% CI: 1.02, 1.43) than nonconsumers. The dietary pattern 2 and 3 for the remainder of diet was independently associated with overweight/obesity (pattern 2: OR: 0.88$$$ 95% CI: 0.82, 0.96, pattern 3: OR: 1.14$$$ 95% CI: 1.01, 1.28), whereas fast food consumption was not. Conclusion: Dietary pattern for the non‐fast food reminder of intake might have associations with overweight/obesity and poor dietary outcome, whereas fast food consumption itself was not. In addition, future prospective and randomized clinical studies are needed to assess the clearer causality.
The role of dairy foods and dietary calcium in weight management$$$ Overweight and obesity are the foremost public health problems in the U.S., other industrialized countries, and is rapidly increasing in developing countries. Obesity is a multifaceted disease which requires multiple approaches to successfully combat its increase. Nutritional factors play a key role and include modification of energy balance, intake and expenditure, as well as other factors. Emerging scientific evidence over the past decade suggests that dairy foods may be beneficial when included in a moderate energy restricted diet and possibly for weight maintenance as well. This paper provides a review of some of the scientific evidence that has examined the effect of dairy foods and dietary calcium on weight management. Topic areas presented are observational or retrospective studies with adults as well as children and adolescents$$$ randomized clinical trials on body weight and composition, energy expenditure, substrate oxidation and fecal fat loss$$$ research from animal and in vitro studies provide possible mechanisms of action.
Which foods are displaced in the diets of adults with type 2 diabetes with the inclusion of eggs in their diets? A randomized, controlled, crossover trial$$$ BACKGROUND: The inclusion or exclusion of specific foods from the overall diet inevitably affects other food choices, and this matter is routinely neglected in dietary guidance and nutritional epidemiology. We examined how the inclusion of eggs in the diets of type 2 diabetics affected dietary pattern. METHODS: Randomized, controlled, single‐blind, crossover trial of 34 adults (mean age 64.5 years$$$ 14 women, 20 men) with type 2 diabetes assigned to one of two possible sequence permutations of two different 12‐week treatments (two eggs/day or egg exclusion), with 6‐week washout periods. For the egg inclusion phase, participants received advice from a dietitian on how to preserve an isocaloric condition relative to the egg exclusion phase. To assess changes in dietary pattern in the diets of our study participants, we analyzed the 12 components of the 2010 Healthy Eating Index. RESULTS: The inclusion of eggs was associated with reduced consumption of refined grains nearing statistical significance (‐0.7±3.4 vs 0.7±2.2$$$ p=0.0530). The consumption of total protein foods significantly increased from baseline (0.3±0.7$$$ p=0.0153) with the inclusion of eggs for 12 weeks, while the consumption of dairy products significantly decreased with the exclusion of eggs from their diets (‐1.3±2.9$$$ p=0.0188). CONCLUSIONS: Eggs in the diets of type 2 diabetics may lead to increased consumption of some healthful foods and reduced consumption of some less healthful foods. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NCT02052037$$$ Post‐results.
Photodynamic therapy with BF-200 ALA for the treatment of actinic keratosis: results of a multicentre, randomized, observer-blind phase III study in comparison with a registered methyl-5-aminolaevulinate cream and placebo$$$ BACKGROUND: Photodynamic therapy (PDT) with 5‐aminolaevulinic acid (ALA) or its methylester [methyl‐5‐aminolaevulinate (MAL) or 5‐amino‐4‐oxopentanoate] was recently ranked as first‐line therapy for the treatment of actinic keratosis (AK) and is an accepted therapeutic option for the treatment of neoplastic skin diseases. BF‐200 ALA (Biofrontera Bioscience GmbH, Leverkusen, Germany) is a gel formulation of ALA with nanoemulsion for the treatment of AK which overcomes previous problems of ALA instability and improves skin penetration. OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of PDT of AKs with BF‐200 ALA in comparison with a registered MAL cream and with placebo. METHODS: The study was performed as a randomized, multicentre, observer‐blind, placebo‐controlled, interindividual trial with BF‐200 ALA, a registered MAL cream and placebo in a ratio of 3:3:1. Six hundred patients, each with four to eight mild to moderate AK lesions on the face and/or the bald scalp, were enrolled in 26 study centres in Germany, Austria and Switzerland. Patients received one PDT. If residual lesions remained at 3months after treatment, PDT was repeated. Results: PDT with BF‐200 ALA was superior to placebo PDT with respect to patient complete clearance rate (78·2% vs. 17·1%$$$ P<0·0001) and lesion complete clearance rate (90·4% vs. 37·1%) at 3months after the last PDT. Moreover, superiority was demonstrated over the MAL cream regarding the primary endpoint patient complete clearance (78·2% vs. 64·2%$$$ P<0·05). Significant differences in the patient and lesion complete clearance rates and severity of treatment‐related adverse events were observed for the narrow‐ and broad‐spectrum light sources. CONCLUSIONS: BF‐200 ALA is a very effective, well‐tolerated new formulation for AK treatment with PDT and is superior to a registered MAL medication. Efficacies and adverse events vary greatly with the different light sources used.
Dietary factors in relation to liver fat content: a cross-sectional study$$$ Non‐alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) can lead to functional liver impairment and severe comorbidities. Beyond energy balance, several dietary factors may increase NAFLD risk, but human studies are lacking. The aim of this cross‐sectional study was to investigate the associations between food consumption (47 food groups, derived Mediterranean and Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet quality scores) and liver fat content (continuous scale and NAFLD, i.e., >5% liver fat content). Liver fat content was measured by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in 136 individuals (BMI: 25‐40 kg/m2, age: 35‐65, 50.7% women) and food intake was recorded by food frequency questionnaires (FFQs). Associations between food items and liver fat were evaluated by multi‐variable regression models. Intakes of cake and cookies as well legumes were inversely associated with liver fat content, while positive associations with intakes of high‐fat dairy and cheese were observed. Only cake and cookie intake also showed an inverse association with NAFLD. This inverse association was unexpected, but not affected by adjustment for reporting bias. Both diet quality scores were inversely associated with liver fat content and NAFLD. Thus, as smaller previous intervention studies, our results suggest that higher diet quality is related to lower liver fat, but larger trials with iso‐caloric interventions are needed to corroborate these findings.
CLINICAL TRIALS USING NATURAL PRODUCTS DEVELOPED by the CENTER for PHARMACEUTICAL RESEARCH and DRUG DEVELOPMENT. CURRENT STATUS and PERSPECTIVES$$$ Products obtained from medicinal plants with healing properties could be used to improve medical attendance. Nevertheless, their application in some diseases is not always supported by evidence‐based medicine criteria. Similar to chemical and biotech products, natural compounds have to be evaluated in the clinics through randomized, controlled clinical trials that clearly demonstrate their efficacy and safety in the treated patients. The aim of this work is to show an overview of the clinical development of natural products obtained by CIDEM, as well as the future prospects in this field. In a placebo‐controlled, double‐blind trial, Plectranthus amboinicus Lour Spreng (French oregano) tablets were a belter alternative than symptomatic treatment to suppress common cold in patients with upper respiratory diseases. A novel oral formulation containing microencapsulated lipophilic extract of pumpkin seed oil (Calprost) was studied in older patients diagnosed with Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia (BPH). Their general effect was similar to a group of patients treated with terazosin capsules (control group) but urinary symptoms decreased more markedly in the Calprost group, with a better tolerability. Regarding future perspectives, the incorporation of natural products with anti‐tumor properties, produced by CIDEM, to the conventional treatment of cancer patients could be specially beneficial in advanced stages of the disease. In that sense, several protocols using the products aloe 50% aqueous extract (viscous solution)$$$ calendula 1% cream, Calprost capsules and VIMANG®‐mangiferin are under preparation. On the other hand, Justicia pectoralis Jacq (Linden) tablets will be used in patients with neurotic disorders related to stress, through a randomized, placebo‐controlled trial. Additionally, a nutritional supplement containing Momordica charantia could be a reasonable option as hypoglycemic in patients with type II Diabetes Mellitus. This biological action will be evaluated in a phase II, randomized, placebo‐controlled double‐blind trial.
Calcium and dairy product modulation of lipid utilization and energy expenditure$$$ OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to investigate the impact of dietary calcium or dairy product intake on total energy expenditure (TEE), fat oxidation, and thermic effect of a meal (TEM) during a weight loss trial. METHODS AND PROCEDURES: The intervention included a prescribed 500‐kcal deficit diet in a randomized placebo‐controlled calcium or dairy product intervention employing twenty‐four 18 to 31‐year‐old (22.2+/‐3.1 years, mean +/‐ s.d.) overweight women (75.5+/‐9.6 kg). TEM and fat oxidation were measured using respiratory gas exchange after a meal challenge, and TEE was measured by doubly labeled water. Fat mass (FM) and lean mass (fat‐free mass (FFM)) were measured by dual‐energy X‐ray absorptiometry. Subjects were randomized into one of these three intervention groups: (i) placebo (<800 mg/day calcium intake)$$$ (ii) 900 mg/day calcium supplement$$$ (iii) three servings of dairy products/day to achieve an additional 900 mg/day. RESULTS: There were no group effects observed in change in TEE$$$ however, a group effect was observed for fat oxidation after adjusting for FFM (P=0.02). The treatment effect was due to an increase in fat oxidation in the calcium‐supplemented group of 1.5+/‐0.6 g/h, P=0.02. Baseline 25‐hydroxyvitamin D (25OHD) was positively correlated with TEM (R=0.31, P=0.004), and trended toward a correlation with fat oxidation (P=0.06), independent of group assignment. Finally, the change in log parathyroid hormone (PTH) was positively correlated with the change in trunk FM (R=0.27, P=0.03). DISCUSSION: These results support that calcium intake increases fat oxidation, but does not change TEE and that adequate vitamin D status may enhance TEM and fat oxidation.
Calcium, dairy products, and energy balance in overweight adolescents: a controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Dairy product and calcium consumption have been associated with modifying body fat and body weight in children and adults. OBJECTIVE: In overweight adolescent boys and girls, we aimed to determine the effect of the doubling of habitual calcium intake to the recommended intake from dairy or calcium carbonate on energy balance and purported mechanisms including fecal fat excretion, macronutrient use, and parathyroid hormone suppression. DESIGN: Twenty‐five girls with a mean (±SD) BMI (in kg/m(2)) of 33 ± 5 and 17 boys with a BMI of 28 ± 5, aged 12‐15 y, participated in two 3‐wk controlled feeding sessions that used a crossover design in random order as a summer research camp. In one session, 756 mg Ca/d was consumed$$$ in the other session, an additional 650 mg Ca/d was provided as dairy or calcium carbonate supplements that were matched to the control in macronutrient content. Total energy and macronutrient intakes were controlled and were the same for the 2 sessions for each subject. Primary outcome measures were energy balance, fecal fat excretion, lipid oxidation, and postprandial energy expenditure. RESULTS: There were no effects of quantity or source of calcium on energy or fat balance, despite calcium‐induced increases (P <0.01) in postprandial serum parathyroid hormone suppression. CONCLUSION: These data lend little evidence to support the proposed mechanisms for the relation between an increase in calcium intake from calcium carbonate or dairy and weight loss or weight maintenance in children. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00592137.
Nutritional therapy for cancer patient$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Nutritional therapy: supplementation of regular diet with extra serving of pulses,milk, egg,ragi planned by the registered nutritionist after obtaining 24 hours recall of individual patient. Control Intervention1: Nil: Nil CONDITION: Health Condition 1: C509‐ Malignant neoplasm of breast of unspecified site PRIMARY OUTCOME: BMI of the patient after nutritional intervention.Timepoint: after 15 days and 21 days. SECONDARY OUTCOME: increase in mid arm circumference and calf circumference of the patient.Timepoint: after 21 days. INCLUSION CRITERIA: those who are able to respond not confined to bed can understand and respond in English, kannada,tulu, hindi, malayalum
Even effect of milk protein and carbohydrate intake but no further effect of heavy resistance exercise on myofibrillar protein synthesis in older men$$$ PURPOSE: The responsiveness of older individuals' skeletal muscle to anabolic strategies may be impaired. However, direct comparisons within the same experimental setting are sparse. The aim of this study was to assess the resting and post‐resistance exercise muscle protein synthesis rates in response to two types of milk protein and carbohydrate using a unilateral exercise leg model. METHODS: Twenty‐seven older (69 ± 1 year, mean ± SE) men were randomly assigned one of three groups: Whey hydrolysate (WH), caseinate (CAS), or carbohydrate (CHO). By applying stable isotope tracer techniques (L‐[15N]phenylalanine), the fasted‐rested (basal) myofibrillar fractional synthesis rate (FSR) was measured. Hereafter, FSR was measured in the postprandial phase (0.45 g nutrient/kg LBM) in both legs, one rested (fed‐rest) and one exercised (10 × 8 reps at 70% 1RM$$$ fed‐exercise). In addition, the activity of p70S6K and venous plasma insulin, phenylalanine, and leucine concentrations were measured. RESULTS: Insulin, phenylalanine, and leucine concentrations differed markedly after intake of the different study drinks. The basal FSR in WH, CAS, and CHO were 0.027 ± 0.003, 0.030 ± 0.003, and 0.030 ± 0.004%/h, the fed‐rested FSR were 0.043 ± 0.004, 0.045 ± 0.003, and 0.035 ± 0.004%/h, and the fed‐exercised FSR were 0.041 ± 0.004, 0.043 ± 0.004, and 0.034 ± 0.004%/h, respectively. No significant differences were observed at any state between the groups. Fed‐rested‐ and fed‐exercised FSR were higher than basal (P < 0.001). 3 h after exercise and feeding, no significant group differences were detected in the activity of p70S6K. CONCLUSIONS: Milk protein and carbohydrate supplementation stimulate myofibrillar protein synthesis in older men, with no further effect of heavy resistance exercise within 0‐3 h post exercise.
Casein Compared with Whey Proteins Affects the Organization of Dietary Fat during Digestion and Attenuates the Postprandial Triglyceride Response to a Mixed High-Fat Meal in Healthy, Overweight Men$$$ BACKGROUND: Postprandial lipemia is a risk factor for cardiovascular disease. The potential impacts of the type/nature of dietary protein on postprandial lipemia and associated dysregulations have been insufficiently investigated. OBJECTIVE: We investigated the postprandial effect of including in a high‐fat meal some milk protein fractions that markedly differ in their physicochemical properties and composition [either casein (CAS), whey protein (WHE), or α‐lactalbumin‐enriched whey protein (LAC)]. METHODS: The protein fractions were incorporated as 15% energy in a high‐fat meal in a 3‐period, crossover postprandial study of 10 healthy overweight men with an elevated waist circumference (>94 cm). We measured postprandial changes in plasma lipids, amino acids, glucose, and oxidative stress markers, vascular function (using pulse contour analysis), and low‐grade inflammation (using plasma markers). We also characterized in vitro the meal structures, including the size of the fat globule, and possible changes during digestion. RESULTS: The type of protein did not affect postprandial plasma glucose, amino acids, insulin, or nonesterified fatty acids, but, compared with WHE and LAC, which did not differ, CAS markedly reduced postprandial triglycerides (TGs), achieving a 22 ± 10% reduction in the 6‐h area under the curve (P < 0.05). Similar trends were shown for plasma chylomicrons [apolipoprotein (apo)B‐48$$$ P < 0.05]. However, there were no significant differences between the meals regarding postprandial oxidative stress (plasma hydroperoxides and malondialdehyde), endothelial dysfunction (salbutamol‐induced changes in pulse contour analysis), or low‐grade inflammation. In vitro studies showed that when the pH of the meal decreased to stomach pH values, the reduction in the solubility of casein resulted in a phase separation between fat and protein, whereas the proteins in the other meals remained suspended with fat globules. CONCLUSION: In healthy overweight men, casein has specific physical interactions with fat that affect postprandial TGs, leading to the formation of fewer chylomicrons or an increase in chylomicron clearance. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00931151.
Food choice and nutrient intake among patients on a low-fat, low-lactose diet: experience from a prospective randomized study$$$ Objective: To describe the food consumed in order to achieve a low‐fat, low‐lactose diet, and to evaluate the effect of food choice on nutrient intake. Method: This was an open prospective randomized study. The patients were randomly allocated either to receive a low‐fat, low‐lactose diet or the regular hospital diet during radiotherapy. Dietary intake pretreatment was measured by a 48‐h recall method. A 4‐day food record method was used to collect data 3 weeks after start of radiotherapy and during the last week of treatment. Subjects: 143 women with gynaecological malignancies undergoing pelvic radiotherapy. Results: At baseline there were no significant differences in energy intake, food choices and nutrient intake between the two groups. During radiotherapy, the average percentage of energy from fat was 23% in the intervention group and 35% in the control group (P < 0.01), energy percentage from protein was 18% and 15% (P < 0.01) and carbohydrate 58% and 50% (P < 0.01). The intervention group received less energy from milk products, meats, fats and sugar than the control group and more from vegetables and fruits, cereals and fish. Conclusion: The intervention group had a qualitative different diet than the control group during radiotherapy. The fat reduction was achieved through a reduction of milk products, fats and meats.
The insulinotropic effect of a high-protein nutrient preload is mediated by the increase of plasma amino acids in type 2 diabetes$$$ AIMS: Eating protein before carbohydrate reduces postprandial glucose excursions by enhancing insulin and glucagon‐like peptide‐1 (GLP‐1) secretion in type 2 diabetes (T2D). We tested the hypothesis that this insulinotropic effect depends on the elevation of plasma amino acids (AA) after the digestion of food protein. METHODS: In 16 T2D patients, we measured plasma AA levels through the course of two 75‐g oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTT) preceded by either 500‐ml water or a high‐protein nutrient preload (50‐g Parmesan cheese, one boiled egg, and 300‐ml water). Changes in beta cell function were evaluated by measuring and modelling plasma glucose, insulin, and C‐peptide through the OGTT. Changes in incretin hormone secretion were assessed by measuring plasma GLP‐1. RESULTS: Plasma AA levels were 24% higher after the nutrient preload (p < 0.0001). This increment was directly proportional to both the enhancement of beta cell function (r = 0.58, p = 0.02) and the plasma GLP‐1 gradients (r = 0.57, p = 0.02) produced by the nutrient preload. Among single AA, glutamine showed the strongest correlation with changes in beta cell function (r = 0.61, p = 0.01), while leucine showed the strongest correlation with GLP‐1 responses (r = 0.74, p = 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: The elevation of circulating AA that occurs after a high‐protein nutrient preload is associated with an enhancement of beta cell function and GLP‐1 secretion in T2D. Manipulating the meal sequence of nutrient ingestion may reduce postprandial hyperglycaemia through a direct and GLP‐1‐mediated stimulation of insulin secretion by plasma AA. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NCT02342834.
Dairy consumption and cardiometabolic health: outcomes of a 12-month crossover trial$$$ Background: A growing body of research suggests that regular consumption of dairy foods may counteract obesity and other components of the metabolic syndrome. However, human intervention trials are lacking. We aimed to determine the cardiometabolic health effects of increasing the consumption of reduced fat dairy foods in adults with habitually low dairy intakes in the absence of energy restriction. Methods. An intervention trial was undertaken in 61 overweight or obese adults who were randomly assigned to a high dairy diet (HD, 4 serves of reduced fat dairy/day) or a low dairy control diet (LD, 1 serve/day) for 6 months then crossed over to the alternate diet for a further 6 months. A range of anthropometric and cardiometabolic parameters including body composition, metabolic rate, blood lipids, blood pressure and arterial compliance were assessed at the end of each diet phase. Results: Total energy intake was 1120 kJ/day higher during the HD phase, resulting in slight weight gain during this period. However, there were no significant differences between HD and LD in absolute measures of waist circumference, body weight, fat mass or any other cardiometabolic parameter. Conclusion: Recommended intakes of reduced fat dairy products may be incorporated into the diet of overweight adults without adversely affecting markers of cardiometabolic health. Trial Registration. The trial was registered with the Australia and New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry (ACTRN12608000538347) on 24th October, 2008. © 2012 Crichton et al$$$ licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Effects of dairy consumption on SIRT1 and mitochondrial biogenesis in adipocytes and muscle cells$$$ Background: Recent data from this laboratory suggest that components of dairy foods may serve as activators of SIRT1 (Silent Information Regulator Transcript 1), and thereby participate in regulation of glucose and lipid metabolism. In this study, an ex‐vivo/in‐vitro approach was used to examine the integrated effects of dairy diets on SIRT1 activation in two key target tissues (adipose and muscle tissue). Methods. Serum from overweight and obese subjects fed low or high dairy diets for 28 days was added to culture medium (similar to conditioned media) to treat cultured adipocytes and muscle cells for 48 hours. Results: Treatment with high dairy group conditioned media resulted in 40% increased SIRT1 gene expression in both tissues (p < 0.01) and 13% increased enzyme activity in adipose tissue compared to baseline. This was associated with increased gene expression of peroxisome proliferator‐activated receptor‐gamma coactivator 1 alpha (PGC‐1), nuclear respiratory factor 1 (NRF1), cytochrome oxidase c subunit 7 (Cox 7), NADH dehydrogenase and uncoupling protein 2 (UCP2) in adipocytes as well as uncoupling protein 3 (UCP3), NRF1 and Cox 7 in muscle cells (p < 0.05). Further, direct incubation of physiological concentrations of leucine and its metabolites ‐Ketoisocaproic acid (KIC) and ‐hydroxy‐methylbuteric acid (HMB) with recombinant human SIRT1 enzyme resulted in 30 to 50% increase of SIRT1 activity (p < 0.05). Conclusions: These data indicate that dairy consumption leads to systemic effects, which may promote mitochondrial biogenesis in key target tissues such as muscle and adipose tissue both by direct activation of SIRT1 as well as by SIRT1‐independent pathways. © 2011 Bruckbauer and Zemel$$$ licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Elevation of plasma beta-endorphin levels of shy elderly in response to novel laboratory experiences$$$ Heightened psychophysiological reactivity to the novel or unfamiliar is a leading characteristic of sky or behaviorally inhibited individuals. To assess one aspect of the physiological stress response in shyness, the authors compared the morning plasma beta‐endorphin levels of 15 extremely sky, healthy elderly individuals with beta‐endorphin levels of 15 extremely outgoing persons on three pairs of 2 successive days. The primary finding was that sky participants exhibited significantly higher levels of beta‐endorphin on the 1st days of each pair of days, compared with the 2nd days in the laboratory. No main effect for shyness or interaction between shyness and diet on endorphin levels was found. The findings are consistent with a peripheral opioid hyperreactivity to novelty in shy elderly persons. Shyness may constitute a risk factor for panic disorder in younger adults and for nasal allergies and certain cancers in older adults. Experimental design and interpretation of future studies of shy individuals' stress responses may need to consider novelty versus familiarity of the procedures and setting.
Phytosterols Supplementation Reduces Endothelin-1 Plasma Concentration in Moderately Hypercholesterolemic Individuals Independently of Their Cholesterol-Lowering Properties$$$ Experimental and clinical studies have demonstrated the effect of phytosterols (PS) on reducing plasma levels of cholesterol and LDL‐c, but the effects of plant sterols beyond cholesterol‐lowering are still questionable. Since inflammation and endothelial dysfunction are involved in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis, this study aims to evaluate the effect of PS on biomarkers involved in atherosclerosis progression and whether these effects are independent of alterations in plasma LDL‐c levels. Thirty‐eight moderately hypercholesterolemic volunteers (58 ± 12 years$$$ LDL‐c ≥ 130 mg/dL) were randomly assigned to consume 400 mL/day of soy milk or soy milk + PS (1.6 g/day) for 4 weeks in a double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, cross‐over study. Blood samples were collected and lipid profiles and biomarkers for inflammation and endothelial dysfunction determined. The results showed that PS treatment reduced endothelin‐1 plasma concentration by 11% (p = 0.02) independently of variations in plasma levels of LDL‐c. No alterations were observed regarding fibrinogen, IL‐6, hs‐CRP, SAA, TNFα, or VCAM‐1 between placebo and PS‐treated groups. Furthermore, PS reduced total plasma cholesterol concentration (‐5,5%, p < 0.001), LDL‐c (‐6.4%, p < 0.05), triglycerides (‐8.3%, p < 0.05), and apo B (‐5.3%, p < 0.05), without changing HDL‐c concentration (p > 0.05). Therefore, PS supplementation effectively lowers endothelin‐1 independently of the reductions in plasma levels of LDL‐c, contributing to the comprehension of the effect of plant sterols on endothelial function and prevention of cardiovascular diseases.
The effect of a combination of plant sterol-enriched foods in mildly hypercholesterolemic subjects$$$ BACKGROUND & AIMS: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of low‐fat products enriched with plant sterols in addition to a National Cholesterol Education Program step 1 diet on serum lipids and lipoproteins. METHODS: This study was a double‐blind, randomised, placebo‐controlled cross‐over design with a run‐in period and 2 intervention periods, each lasting 4 weeks. A total of 46 mildly hypercholesterolemic subjects (age 50.6+/‐9.8) completed the trial. The study products consisted of 20 g low‐fat margarine (35% fat) and 250 ml low‐fat milk (0.7% fat), in total delivering 2.3g plant sterols/d. RESULTS: Serum total and low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol were significantly reduced by 5.5% (p<0.001, 95% CI: 2.5$$$ 8.3) and 7.7% (p=0.001, 95% CI: 3.4$$$ 11.9), respectively, by plant sterol‐enriched products compared to placebo. Serum apolipoprotein B was significantly reduced by 4.6% (p<0.05, 95% CI: 1.7$$$ 7.5), and apolipoprotein B/apolipoprotein A‐I by 3.4% (p<0.05, 95% CI: 0.1$$$ 6.6) after plant sterol intake compared to the placebo supplement. CONCLUSIONS: A combination of low‐fat margarine and milk enriched with plant sterols significantly reduced low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol, apolipoprotein B and the ratio of apolipoprotein B to apolipoprotein A‐I in mildly hypercholesterolemic subjects, but had no effect on C‐reactive protein and lipoprotein (a) concentrations. SPONSORSHIP: Unilever Denmark A/S.
Circulating phytosterols: biomarkers of the absorption of sterols in the normal diet and of adherence to vegetable sterol supplemented foods$$$ Introduction: Foods enriched with ∼2 g of phytosterols have an obvious cholesterol‐lowering effect. Although they are less known, the phytosterols of natural foods in the normal diet also help to reduce cholesterol. Taking phytosterols increases its plasma concentrations, especially those of sitosterol, which is the most abundant. Objectives: To analyse the relation between the consumption of phytosterols from food, both in the normal diet and after taking supplemented foods, with phytosterolaemia and its relation with plasma lipids. Design: The first work is a clinical study over a period of one year with 114 participants in the PREDIMED intervention study with a Mediterranean diet and, therefore, with food rich in phytosterols. The second work is a transversal observational study of 883 individuals from the Spanish group of the EPIC study. The third is a cross study of dietary intervention with a control group carried out on 56 subjects with hypercholesterolaemia who consumed milk supplemented with 2 g of phytosterols or a placebo. Results and conclusions: The increase in the consumption of phytosterols, with their normal diet or with supplemented foods, is associated to high concentrations of sitosterol in plasma and which are inversely related with the concentrations of lathosterol, a cholesterol synthesis marker. In turn, the high counts of circulating sitosterol are associated with a better lipid profile and are markers of a healthy diet, with a high intake of vegetable foods, or else they reflect the adherence to the consumption of foods supplemented with phytosterols. © 2010 AEBM, AEFA y SEQC.
Effects of non-fat dairy products added to the routine diet on vascular function: a randomized controlled crossover trial$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIMS: High consumption of low‐ and non‐fat dairy products is associated with reduced risk of high blood pressure (BP) and central arterial stiffness. However, interventional studies to determine if the addition of non‐fat dairy products to the diet is capable of reducing central BP and improving vascular function are lacking. The aim of this study was to determine if the solitary addition of non‐fat dairy products to the normal routine diet would reduce central BP and improve vascular function in middle‐aged and older adults with elevated BP. METHODS AND RESULTS: Using a randomized, crossover intervention study design, forty‐nine adults (44% men, 53 ± 2 years, 170 ± 2 cm, 88 ± 3 kg$$$ mean ± SEM) with elevated BP (134 ± 1/81 ± 1 mm Hg) underwent a High Dairy condition (+4 servings/day of conventional non‐fat dairy products) and No Dairy condition (+4 servings/day fruit products) in which all dairy products were removed. Both dietary conditions lasted 4 weeks with a 2‐week washout before crossing over into the alternate condition. The High Dairy condition produced reductions in central systolic BP (‐3 ± 1 mm Hg) and carotid‐femoral pulse wave velocity (‐0.5 ± 0.1 m/sec), with a concomitant increase in brachial flow‐mediated dilation (+1.1 ± 0.4%) and cardiovagal baroreflex sensitivity (+5 ± 1 ms/mm Hg) (P < 0.05 for all vs. baseline). In the No Dairy condition, brachial flow‐mediated dilation was reduced (‐1.0 ± 0.1%, P < 0.05 vs. baseline). CONCLUSIONS: The solitary manipulation of conventional dairy products in the normal routine diet modulates levels of central BP and vascular function in middle‐aged and older adults with elevated BP. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT01577030.
Effects of orally disintegrated metoclopramide (ODM) in optimizing late outpatient endoscopy: a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial$$$ Purpose: Outpatient endoscopy is a standard procedure. Six hours fasting for solids and two hours for liquids are standard anesthesia guidelines prior to sedation. This study evaluates the beneficial effects of ODM, a promotility agent, given 20 minutes prior to the procedure in the late afternoon with five hours post lunch interval. Methods: 129 patients (age: 25‐75 years) were randomized into three arms. Arm A (n=43): ODM 10 mg 20 minutes before endoscopy in the late afternoon$$$ Arm B (n=43): oral Metoclopramide 10 mg 30 minutes before endoscopy$$$ Arm C (N=43): the placebo. The last solid meal was given at noon (one oz. of either chicken, turkey, or tuna with half an oz. of potato or fruits salads, without mayonaise or dairy products, and 12 oz. of water) five hours before endoscopy. The Anesthesiologist administered routine IV Propofol with documented pre‐ and post‐sedation time. The total time of panendoscopy with six biopsies and recovery time were evaluated. Exclusions: active GI bleeding, DM, BMI>33, neuromuscular diseases, known gastric motility disorders, gastric malignancy, and drugs altering GI motility. Results: The total sedation time was similar (p=0.91) between the ODM (5.1±0.9 minutes$$$ mean±SD) and oral Metoclopramide (5.6±1.4 minutes) groups$$$ both groups were significantly shorter (p<0.001) than the placebo (12.6±3.4 minutes$$$ p<0.001, one‐way ANOVA). Likewise, the recovery time was comparable (p=0.75) between the ODM (11.7±4.3 minutes) and oral Metoclopramide (10.9±4.4 minutes) groups, with both being significantly shorter (p<0.001) than the placebo (27.9±6.5 minutes$$$ p<0.001, one‐way ANOVA). No major side effects were observed in the ODM group, while dizziness and confusion occurred in both the oral Metoclopramide (n=11 and 7) and placebo (n=20 and 12) groups. Conclusion: The use of ODM in outpatient endoscopy is beneficial over standard endoscopy with reduced amount of sedation, prompt recovery, and wider safety profile. A multicenter trial is needed to validate these findings.
Olive oil increases the magnitude of postprandial chylomicron remnants compared to milk fat and safflower oil$$$ OBJECTIVE: The acute effects of olive oil, milk fat and safflower oil on postprandial lipemia and remnant lipoprotein metabolism were investigated. METHODS: Eight Healthy male volunteers randomly underwent three types of oral fat‐vitamin A loading tests. The test drink was a mixture of retinyl palmitate (RP)(50,000 IU of aqueous vitamin A/m2 body surface area) and one of the three types of oils (40 g of fat/m2 body surface area): olive oil (70.7% oleic acid of total fatty acids)$$$ milk fat (69.3% saturated fatty acid)$$$ safflower oil (74.2% linoleic acid). RESULTS: Olive oil significantly increased plasma triacylglycerol and RP concentrations 4 hours after fat loading, as compared to other fats. Increases of remnant like particle concentrations were higher after olive oil than after the other two fats. CONCLUSION: These results show that olive oil increases the magnitude of postprandial chylomicrons and chylomicron remnants compared to milk fat and safflower oil.
Effects of oral soy protein on markers of inflammation in postmenopausal women with mild hypercholesterolemia$$$ BACKGROUND: Nitric oxide (NO) may protect arteries against atherosclerosis, as suggested by experimental studies. Estrogen therapy enhances the bioactivity of NO in the vasculature of healthy postmenopausal women, but is not acceptable for long‐term use by many women. Observational studies have demonstrated beneficial cardiovascular effects of soy protein in premenopausal and postmenopausal women. We examined whether the consumption of isolated soy protein may improve markers of vascular inflammation in postmenopausal women with hypercholesterolemia. METHODS AND RESULTS: In a randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, crossover study, 24 postmenopausal women with hypercholesterolemia received 25 g of soy protein or a placebo daily for 6 weeks, with treatment periods separated by 1 month. Markers of vascular inflammation were measured by enzyme‐linked immunosorbent assay methods, including: soluble interleukin‐2 receptor (sIL‐2r), E‐selectin, P‐selectin, intercellular adhesion molecule‐1 (ICAM‐1), and vascular cell adhesion molecule‐1 (VCAM‐1). There was no effect of soy protein in comparison with placebo on the inflammatory markers: the sIL‐2r level was 942.2 +/‐ 335.3 pg/mL with soy protein and 868.5 +/‐ 226.9 pg/mL with placebo (P =.311)$$$ E‐selectin was 39.6 +/‐ 16.5 ng/mL with soy protein and 42.1 +/‐ 17.6 ng/mL with placebo (P =.323)$$$ P‐selectin was 157.9 +/‐ 67.9 ng/mL with soy protein and 157.5 +/‐ 47.6 ng/mL with placebo, (P =.977)$$$ ICAM‐1 was 266.0 +/‐ 81.3 ng/mL with soy protein and 252.5 +/‐ 82.7 ng/mL with placebo (P =.435)$$$ VCAM‐1 was 402.7 +/‐ 102.1 ng/mL with soy protein and 416.4 +/‐ 114.8 ng/mL with placebo (P =.53). CONCLUSIONS: Consumption of 25 g of isolated soy protein daily for 6 weeks does not substantially affect markers of vascular inflammation in postmenopausal women with hypercholesterolemia.
Oats and soy in lipid-lowering diets for women with hypercholesterolemia: is there synergy?$$$ OBJECTIVES: To study possible synergistic effects of oats and soy on reducing total and low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL‐C) concentrations in human beings and the efficacy and feasibility of including these adjustments to a National Cholesterol Education Program Step I diet. SUBJECT/SETTING: One hundred twenty‐seven postmenopausal women with moderate hypercholesterolemia were recruited from a large Midwestern workforce and senior centers in the surrounding community. Intervention and clinical visits were conducted in these same facilities. DESIGN: After a 3‐week lead‐in period on the Step I diet, participants were randomly assigned to 1 of 4 dietary treatments for an additional 6 weeks: an oats/milk group, a wheat/soy group, an oats/soy group, and a wheat/milk group. Clinical measurements included blood draws, body weight and height, blood pressure, and medical history data. Three‐day food records were collected at baseline and Weeks 3 and 9 of the intervention. Randomization was stratified based on the status of hormone replacement therapy and was blocked with sizes 4 or 8 for group assignment. RESULTS: After 3 weeks on the Step I diet, total cholesterol, LDL‐C, and triglyceride levels$$$ total fat and saturated fat intake, dietary cholesterol intake, Keys score, and body mass index were all reduced. Following an additional 6 weeks on the Step I diet plus intervention, total cholesterol and LDL‐C were further reduced for both the oats/soy group and oats/milk group. There were no significant further changes in total cholesterol, LDL‐C, or high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol levels in the wheat/soy and wheat/milk groups. Body mass index remained stable in all groups from Week 3 to Week 9. APPLICATIONS: Nonpharmacologic dietary interventions like the Step I diet are feasible in a community setting and can produce rapid and significant lipid‐lowering benefits. Daily consumption of 2 servings of oats can contribute to further lipid alterations in this population although soy intake at this dose may not. Palatability and convenience are important considerations in achieving dietary adherence.
Lupin protein positively affects plasma LDL cholesterol and LDL: HDL cholesterol ratio in hypercholesterolemic adults after four weeks of supplementation: a randomized, controlled crossover study$$$ BACKGROUND: A couple of studies indicate a favorable impact of lupin protein on cardiovascular risk factors in humans. These studies, however, used relatively high doses of > 33 g/d, which can hardly be consumed under physiological conditions. Therefore, we investigated the effect of 25 g/d lupin protein isolate (LPI) on selected cardiovascular markers and on serum amino acids. METHODS: A total of 33 hypercholesterolemic subjects participated in a randomized, controlled, double‐blind crossover study. LPI and the active comparator milk protein isolate (MPI) were incorporated in protein drinks and consumed over 8 wk separated by a 4 wk washout period. Anthropometric data, blood pressure, and nutrient intake were assessed at baseline and after 8 wk of both protein interventions. Blood was sampled at baseline, wk 4 and wk 8. All 33 subjects were included in final statistical analyses using repeated measures ANOVA with the general linear model or using linear mixed model. RESULTS: Except for higher HDL cholesterol at wk 4 of LPI (P ≤ 0.036), anthropometric parameters, blood pressure, and plasma lipids did not differ among LPI and MPI intervention. Compared to baseline, the primary outcome LDL cholesterol was significantly reduced after 4 wk of both interventions (P ≤ 0.008), while LDL:HDL cholesterol ratio was decreased only by LPI (P = 0.003). These time effects were restricted to subjects with higher hypercholesterolemia and disappeared after 8 wk. Blood pressure was reduced after 8 wk of LPI (P ≤ 0.044). Almost all serum amino acids were higher at wk 4 but not at wk 8 of MPI compared to LPI. Following 4 wk and 8 wk of LPI intervention, most amino acids remained unchanged. Both interventions caused a slight, but significant rise in body weight and body fat after 8 wk (P ≤ 0.045). CONCLUSION: In conclusion, 25 g LPI can beneficially modulate plasma LDL cholesterol at least over short‐term. Using appropriate dietetic conditions that improve consumer compliance and avoid changes in energy intake as well as in body composition, lupin protein could positively impact cardiovascular risk factors particularly in individuals with higher hypercholesterolemia. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT01304992.
Lupin protein positively affects plasma LDL cholesterol and LDL: HDL cholesterol ratio in hypercholesterolemic adults after four weeks of supplementation: a randomized, controlled crossover study$$$ BACKGROUND: A couple of studies indicate a favorable impact of lupin protein on cardiovascular risk factors in humans. These studies, however, used relatively high doses of > 33 g/d, which can hardly be consumed under physiological conditions. Therefore, we investigated the effect of 25 g/d lupin protein isolate (LPI) on selected cardiovascular markers and on serum amino acids. METHODS: A total of 33 hypercholesterolemic subjects participated in a randomized, controlled, double‐blind crossover study. LPI and the active comparator milk protein isolate (MPI) were incorporated in protein drinks and consumed over 8 wk separated by a 4 wk washout period. Anthropometric data, blood pressure, and nutrient intake were assessed at baseline and after 8 wk of both protein interventions. Blood was sampled at baseline, wk 4 and wk 8. All 33 subjects were included in final statistical analyses using repeated measures ANOVA with the general linear model or using linear mixed model. RESULTS: Except for higher HDL cholesterol at wk 4 of LPI (P ≤ 0.036), anthropometric parameters, blood pressure, and plasma lipids did not differ among LPI and MPI intervention. Compared to baseline, the primary outcome LDL cholesterol was significantly reduced after 4 wk of both interventions (P ≤ 0.008), while LDL:HDL cholesterol ratio was decreased only by LPI (P = 0.003). These time effects were restricted to subjects with higher hypercholesterolemia and disappeared after 8 wk. Blood pressure was reduced after 8 wk of LPI (P ≤ 0.044). Almost all serum amino acids were higher at wk 4 but not at wk 8 of MPI compared to LPI. Following 4 wk and 8 wk of LPI intervention, most amino acids remained unchanged. Both interventions caused a slight, but significant rise in body weight and body fat after 8 wk (P ≤ 0.045). CONCLUSION: In conclusion, 25 g LPI can beneficially modulate plasma LDL cholesterol at least over short‐term. Using appropriate dietetic conditions that improve consumer compliance and avoid changes in energy intake as well as in body composition, lupin protein could positively impact cardiovascular risk factors particularly in individuals with higher hypercholesterolemia. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT01304992.
Divided consumption of late-night-dinner improves glycemic excursions in patients with type 2 diabetes: a randomized cross-over clinical trial$$$ AIMS: To explore the acute effect of late‐night‐dinner and divided dinner on postprandial glucose levels in patients with type 2 diabetes. METHODS: Sixteen patients were randomly assigned to this cross‐over study. Each patient wore a continuous glucose monitor for 5days and consumed identical test meals for 3days. Patients consumed the test meals of dinner at 2100h (D21) or divided dinner (vegetable and rice at 1800h and the vegetable and the main dish at 2100h) on the second or fourth day, and dinner at 1800h (D18) on the third day. The daily glucose parameters were compared within‐patient for 3days. RESULTS: D21 demonstrated significantly higher values of incremental area under the curve (IAUC) for glucose 2300 to 0800h (644±156vs. 147±63mmol/L×min, p<0.01, mean±standard error of the mean) and incremental glucose peak (IGP) after dinner (6.78±0.79 vs. 3.09±0.62mmol/L, p<0.01) compared to those of D18. Moreover, the mean amplitude of glycemic excursion (MAGE) of D21 tended to be higher than that of D18 (6.99±0.60 vs. 5.35±0.51mmol/L, p=0.077). However, the divided dinner significantly reduced IAUC 2300 to 0800h (142±60mmol/L×min, p<0.01), IGP after dinner (3.75±0.58mmol/L, p<0.01), and MAGE (5.33±0.41mmol/L, p<0.01) compared to those of D21. CONCLUSION: Our findings demonstrated that consuming late‐night‐dinner led to postprandial hyperglycemia, and this postprandial hyperglycemia can be ameliorated by consuming a divided dinner.
Human Milk Oligosaccharides Modulate Fecal Microbiota and Are Safe for Use in Children With Overweight: a Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ OBJECTIVES: Human milk oligosaccharides (HMOs) impact the intestinal microbiota by increasing beneficial bacteria in infants and adults, and are safe and well tolerated in these age groups. Effects on intestinal microbiota, safety, and digestive tolerance in children have not been, however, assessed. The aims of this trial were to evaluate if HMOs are able to specifically modulate the intestinal microbiota in children, and to assess safety and digestive tolerance. METHODS: In this randomized, double‐blinded, placebo‐controlled trial, 75 children with overweight (including obesity) ages 6 to 12 years were randomized to receive 2'‐fucosyllactose (2'FL), a mix of 2'FL and lacto‐N‐neotetraose (Mix), or a glucose placebo orally administrated once per day for 8 weeks. RESULTS: The relative abundance of bifidobacteria increased significantly after 4 (P < 0.001) and 8 (P = 0.025) weeks of intervention in the 2'FL‐group and after 4 weeks (P = 0.033) in the Mix‐group, whereas no change was observed in the placebo group. Compared with placebo, the 2'FL‐group had a significant increase in bifidobacteria abundance after 4 weeks (P < 0.001) and 8 weeks (P = 0.010) and the Mix‐group showed a tendency to increased bifidobacteria abundance after 4 (P = 0.071) and 8 weeks (P = 0.071). Bifidobacterium adolescentis drove the bifidogenic effect in the 2 groups. Biochemical markers indicated no safety concerns, and the products did not induce digestive tolerance issues as assessed by Gastrointestinal Symptoms Rating Scale and Bristol Stool Form Scale. CONCLUSIONS: Both 2'FL and the Mix beneficially modulate intestinal microbiota by increasing bifidobacteria. Furthermore, supplementation with either 2'FL alone or a Mix is safe and well tolerated in children.
The effect of dairy consumption on lipid profile: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials$$$ Background/Synopsis: The association between intake of saturated fatty acids and increased cholesterol concentrations is well documented. Cardiovascular prevention and dietary guidelines recommend reducing saturated fat and using low‐fat dairy. However, it is controversial if dairy foods have significant impact on serum lipids. Objective/Purpose: To assess the effect of increase dairy consumption on plasma lipid levels. Methods: We searched PubMed for randomized trials studying the effect of increased dairy consumption versus habitual diet on plasma lipid levels in adults. The outcome of interest was the mean difference in LDL‐C, HDL‐C, and triglycerides (mmol/l) between high dairy diets (3 or more servings/day) versus low dairy diets consumption (2 or less servings/day), which was calculated as standardized mean difference(SMD) with 95% confidence interval(CI). The qualities of the studies were determined by the Jadad score. The random effects model was used to calculate the combined outcome. Heterogeneity was assessed by the I2 statistic. Publication bias was assessed by the trim‐and‐fill analysis. Results: We included 9 studies (N=1012,516 women) reporting on LDL‐C, HDL‐C, and triglycerides. Of the 9 studies, 4 used high‐fat dairy or did not have a limitation on fat content. Five studies were conducted in overweight and obese subjects. Study durations ranged from 4 weeks to 1 year. The Jadad scores fell between 2 and 4. High dairy intake was associated with an increase in the SMD for LDL‐C only. For LDL‐C, SMD was 0.13mmol/l (95%CI 0.00‐0.26, p=0.04). There was no heterogeneity (I2=0%, Cochran Q p=0.64). The publication bias analysis showed 1 imputed study to the left of the mean that would have not affected our results. There was no significant change with high dairy versus low dairy diet with regard to triglycerides$$$ SMD was 0.10mmol/l (95CI% ‐0.07 to 0.26, p=0.27). There was mild to moderate heterogeneity (I2=35%, Cochran Q p=0.27). The publication bias analysis showed 2 imputed studies to the right of the mean that would have not affected our results. High dairy intake was not associated with a significant change in the SMD for HDL‐C (SMD 0.02mmol/l, 95%CI ‐0.14, 0.17$$$ p=0.84). There was mild heterogeneity (I2=27%, Cochran Q p=0.20). No publication bias was identified. Conclusions: When compared to low dairy consumption, high dairy consumption of 3 or more servings/day is associated with higher LDL‐C but has no effect on triglycerides or HDL‐C. There is still need for more evidence on the effect of high‐versus low‐fat dairy and fermented versus non‐fermented dairy consumption on lipid profile and other cardiometabolic risk factors. (Table pressened).
The effects of isoflavones combined with soy protein on lipid profiles, C-reactive protein and cardiovascular risk among postmenopausal Chinese women$$$ BACKGROUND & AIMS: Observational studies note that regular dietary soy protein intake (6‐11 g day(‐1)) has a significant association with lower blood lipids$$$ however, these observations have not been confirmed by clinical trials. This study aimed to ascertain the effects of moderate intake of soy protein (15 g) with isoflavones or isoflavones alone on serum lipid profiles, inflammatory markers (C‐reactive protein and uric acid) and composite cardiovascular risk in Chinese postmenopausal, prediabetic women. METHODS AND RESULTS: A double‐blind randomised, placebo‐controlled trial was conducted among 180 postmenopausal Chinese women with prediabetes or early untreated diabetes, aged 46‐70 years and, on average, 6.0 years since menopause. Participants were randomly assigned to one of the three arms to receive 15‐g soy protein and 100‐mg isoflavone (Soy group), or 15‐g milk protein and 100 mg isoflavone (Iso group) or 15‐g milk protein (placebo group) on a daily basis for 6 months. The results showed that no significant difference was observed in serum high‐density lipoprotein‐cholesterol (HDL‐C), low‐density lipoprotein‐cholesterol (LDL‐C), total cholesterol (TC), triaclyglycerol (TG), high sensitive C‐reactive protein and a composite 10‐year cardiovascular risk between the three groups at both 3 and 6 months. Serum uric acid marginally increased by 1.22% in the Soy group and decreased by 4.28% and 4.82% in the Iso and placebo groups at 3 months (P = 0.087), but no difference was observed at 6 months (P = 0.264). CONCLUSION: Soy protein with isoflavones or isoflavones alone at the provided dosage showed no significantly beneficial effects on measured cardiovascular risk factors in postmenopausal Chinese women with early hyperglycaemia.
Association between dairy intake, lipids and vascular structure and function in diabetes$$$ AIM:To determine lipid species that change in response to a change in dairy consumption. In addition, to investigate whether dairy associated lipid species are correlated with changes in measures of vascular structure and function. METHODS:A 12‐mo randomised controlled trial was conducted to determine the effect of increased consumption of fruit, vegetables and dairy, compared to usual diet, on measures of vascular structure and function in adults with type 1 and type 2 diabetes (n = 108). This paper comprises post‐hoc analyses investigating the relationship between dairy intake, serum lipid species and vascular health. Central and peripheral blood pressure, carotid femoral pulse wave velocity, augmentation index, serum lipid species and dietary intake were measured at baseline and 3‐mo. Common carotid artery intima media thickness was measured at baseline and 12‐mo. RESULTS:Serum lipid species [lysophosphatidylcholine (LPC) 14:0, LPC 15:0, LPC 16:1, phosphatidylcholine (PC) 29:0 PC 30:0, PC 31:0 and cholesterol ester (CE) 14:0] were associated with the change in full fat dairy consumption (rho 0.19‐0.25$$$ P < 0.05). The 3‐mo change in some lipids was positively associated with the 3‐mo change in central systolic [LPC 14:0 (rho 0.30$$$ P = 0.007), PC 30:0 (rho 0.28$$$ P = 0.010)] and diastolic blood pressure [LPC 14:0 (rho 0.32$$$ P = 0.004), LPC 15:0 (rho 0.23$$$ P = 0.04), LPC 16:1 (rho 0.23$$$ P = 0.035), PC 29:0 (rho 0.28$$$ P = 0.01), PC 30:0 (rho 0.36$$$ P = 0.001), PC 31:0 (rho 0.30$$$ P = 0.007)] and 12‐mo change in common carotid artery intimal medial thickness [CE 14:0 (rho 0.22$$$ P = 0.02)]. Pulse wave velocity and augmentation index were unrelated to dairy and lipid species. CONCLUSION:An increase in dairy associated lipids appears to be asso ciated with an increase in blood pressure and common carotid intimal medial thickness.
Dietary approaches for weight loss with increased intakes of fruit, vegetables and dairy products$$$ Aim: To assess the effectiveness of specific advice for increasing fruit, vegetable and dairy intake in free‐living men participating in a weight loss study. Methods: Subjects were randomised to one of two 12‐ week weight loss diets, either the WELL with daily targets of four serves of fruit, four serves of vegetables and three serves of dairy or a low fat diet (LF) with general advice to increase fruit and vegetable intake. Three‐day food group diaries and a food frequency questionnaire assessed intake. Results: Fifty four overweight/obese male adults completed the study (WELL, n = 27$$$ LF, n = 27$$$ body mass index (mean +/‐ standard deviation), 30.4 +/‐ 2.5 kg/m2$$$ age, 47.7 +/‐ 9.5 years). There was no difference in mean weight change between groups (WELL, ‐ 4.8 +/‐ 3.3 kg$$$ LF, ‐4.6 +/‐ 3.1 kg). Subjects on the WELL diet had greater (mean difference +/‐ standard error) fruit (0.7 +/‐ 0.2 serves/day), vegetable (1.2 +/‐ 0.2 serves/day) and dairy (1.1 +/‐ 0.1 serves/day) intakes than the LF group (measured by the food group diaries) (all P<0.01). The WELL group reached the daily target for fruit from week 1 (4.7 +/‐ 1.4 serves/day), vegetables by week 6 (4.1 +/‐ 1.5 serves/day) and for dairy by week 8 (3.0 +/‐ 0.8 serves/day). Conclusions: Providing specific dietary targets to men for weight loss appears to promote greater consumption of fruit, vegetable and dairy foods than providing general dietary advice. Meeting dietary targets appears to require different adjustment periods depending on the food type. [By permission, Australasian Medical Index, National Library of Australia]
Postprandial lipemia detects the effect of soy protein on cardiovascular disease risk compared with the fasting lipid profile$$$ Studies examining the effect of soy protein on cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors have not taken advantage of the postprandial state as an adjunct to the fasting lipid profile. The American Heart Association has acknowledged the efficacy of soy protein in reducing CVD risk factors to be limited. We hypothesized that the postprandial state would be more sensitive to any favorable changes associated with consuming soy protein compared with the fasting lipid profile. Furthermore, the presence of isoflavones in soy would enhance this effect. Thirty sedentary males aged 18‐30 years were randomly assigned to milk protein (Milk), isoflavone‐poor soy (Soy‐), or isoflavone‐rich soy (Soy+). Usual diets were supplemented with 25 g/day of protein for 28 days. Serum samples were collected before and after supplementation in a fasted state and postprandially at 30, 60, 120, 240, and 360 min after a high‐fat, 1,000 kcal shake. Triacylglycerol (TAG), total cholesterol, non‐esterified fatty acids, apolipoproteins B‐100 and A‐I and glucose concentrations were quantified. Fasting concentrations were not different after any protein supplementation. Postprandial TAG and TAG AUC increased after Soy‐consumption supporting the postprandial state as a more sensitive indicator of soy ingestion effects on CVD risk factors compared with the fasting lipid profile. Furthermore, the absence of isoflavones in soy protein may have deleterious consequences on purported cardio‐protective effects.
A comparison of liquid vinegar and commercial vinegar pills for managing insulin resistance and postprandial glucose concentrations$$$ A recent meta‐analysis concluded that vinegar consumption could be considered effective adjunct therapy for improving glycemic control. However, liquid vinegar consumption is often poorly tolerated and ingestion can invoke nausea. These investigations examined the effect of liquid vinegar versus commercial vinegar pills on insulin resistance and postprandial glycemia in healthy adults. These trials were approved by the university IRB, and all participants provided written consent. All participants were healthy (fasting glucose concentrations averaging 91‐94 mg/dl). An 8‐week, parallel arm, randomized controlled trial examined the efficacy of liquid vinegar ingestion (2 Tbsp. red wine vinegar twice daily with meals [3.6 g acetic acid]) versus vinegar pill ingestion (2 vinegar tablets daily with meals [0.045 g acetic acid]) on HOMA‐IR. Eleven participants (28.6±7.0 y$$$ 29.3±4.4 kg/m2) and twelve participants (28.0±7.7 y$$$ 28.2±5.9 kg/m2) completed the trial in the liquid and pill groups respectively. After 8 weeks, insulin resistance was reduced 12% in the liquid vinegar group as compared to a 7% rise the pill group (change in HOMA‐IR scores: ‐0.66±1.3 vs. +0.31±1.1$$$ p=0.079). A crossover trial (n=12) examined the efficacy of liquid vinegar ingestion (25 g apple cider vinegar [1.25 g acetic acid]) versus vinegar pill ingestion (4 vinegar tablets [0.70 g acetic acid] either consumed whole or crushed and dissolved in water) on postprandial glycemia. At 30 minutes following meal ingestion (buttered bagel + juice$$$ 106 g carbohydrate), blood glucose concentrations at 30 minutes post‐meal were reduced 12% in comparison to the pill group or to a no vinegar control (135.6±15.8, 154.3±22.2, 152.7±30.6, and 157.7±22.8 mg/dl for the liquid vinegar, whole pill, crushed pill, and control groups respectively$$$ p=0.023). These data suggest that in healthy adults, commercial vinegar pills with acetic acid content ranging from 45‐700 mg acetic acid per serving are not effective for improving glycemic control.
The effects of dairy consumption on metabolic risk factors for ischemic heart disease$$$ Background: The purpose of the study was to determine if consuming 3 or more servings of dairy daily for 24 weeks results in a more favorable metabolic profile compared to consuming less than one serving of dairy daily, following an initial weight loss of 10% original body weight. Methods: One‐hundred and eighty‐three people were recruited for the study. Participants were healthy, obese (BMI 30‐40), and age 18‐55. All participants took part in a 36‐week weight maintenance study. During the first 12 weeks, participants consumed a 1200 kcal weight loss diet. This weight loss diet was followed by 24 weeks of weight maintenance. During weight maintenance participants were randomly assigned to groups consuming either a high (>3 servings per day) or low (<1 servings per day) dairy. Weight, waist circumference, blood chemistry (HDL‐cholesterol , LDL‐cholesterol, total cholesterol, triglycerides, insulin and glucose), and blood pressure were assessed every 12 weeks. Results: During the 12‐week weight loss period, participants demonstrated significant reductions in HDL‐cholesterol, LDL‐cholesterol, Total‐cholesterol, triglycerides, glucose, insulin, waist circumference and blood pressure (p<0.05). The prevalence of metabolic syndrome was reduced 66% during this time (p<0.05). Following 24 weeks of weight maintenance there was no treatment effect (diary consumption) on any metabolic outcome. Conclusions: The data from the present study does not support the proposed relationship between dairy consumption and reduced metabolic risk for ischemic heart disease. While dairy consumption did not reduce metabolic risk it also did not increase risk, suggesting that dairy can be part of a healthy weight maintenance diet.
Effects of dairy products consumption on weight loss and blood chemistry in premenopausal obese women$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine the effects of dairy calcium on changes in body weight and body fat mass in obese women on a weight‐loss diet. METHODS: The non‐randomised controlled study was conducted at Sivas Government Hospital, Turkey, between January and March 2010, and comprised obese women outpatients coming to the Nutrition and Diet Clinic. The participants were assigned to three groups according to their intake of dairy products as control, low dairy and high dairy groups. Measurements of anthropometry, blood pressure and analysis of blood chemistry were done before and after the intervention. RESULTS: The mean age of the 65 women was 33.10±6.18 years. There were 20(30.7%) women in control group, 22(33.8%) in high dairy group and 23(35.3%) in low dairy group. At the end of the study, body weight, body mass index, waist and hip circumferences, waist/hip ratio, body fat percentage, and fat mass significantly decreased within the groups (p<0.001) whereas no difference was determined between the groups. Plasma total cholesterol levels decreased (p<0.05, p<0.001) and high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol levels increased (p<0.05) in the two intervention groups. Systolic blood pressure was negatively correlated with dairy calcium (?=0.460, p<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: In women following a weight‐loss programme, increasing the amount of dairy products was not effective in improving weight‐loss compared to calorie restriction alone.
Calcium and dairy acceleration of weight and fat loss during energy restriction in obese adults$$$ OBJECTIVE: Increasing 1,25‐dihydroxyvitamin D in response to low‐calcium diets stimulates adipocyte Ca2+ influx and, as a consequence, stimulates lipogenesis, suppresses lipolysis, and increases lipid accumulation, whereas increasing dietary calcium inhibits these effects and markedly accelerates fat loss in mice subjected to caloric restriction. Our objective was to determine the effects of increasing dietary calcium in the face of caloric restriction in humans. RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: We performed a randomized, placebo‐controlled trial in 32 obese adults. Patients were maintained for 24 weeks on balanced deficit diets (500 kcal/d deficit) and randomized to a standard diet (400 to 500 mg of dietary calcium/d supplemented with placebo), a high‐calcium diet (standard diet supplemented with 800 mg of calcium/d), or high‐dairy diet (1200 to 1300 mg of dietary calcium/d supplemented with placebo). RESULTS: Patients assigned to the standard diet lost 6.4 +/‐ 2.5% of their body weight, which was increased by 26% (to 8.6 +/‐ 1.1%) on the high‐calcium diet and 70% (to 10.9 +/‐ 1.6% of body weight) on the high‐dairy diet (p < 0.01). Fat loss was similarly augmented by the high‐calcium and high‐dairy diets, by 38% and 64%, respectively (p < 0.01). Moreover, fat loss from the trunk region represented 19.0 +/‐ 7.9% of total fat loss on the low‐calcium diet, and this fraction was increased to 50.1 +/‐ 6.4% and 66.2 +/‐ 3.0% on the high‐calcium and high‐dairy diets, respectively (p < 0.001). DISCUSSION: Increasing dietary calcium significantly augmented weight and fat loss secondary to caloric restriction and increased the percentage of fat lost from the trunk region, whereas dairy products exerted a substantially greater effect.
Effects of calcium and dairy on body composition and weight loss in African-American adults$$$ OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to determine the effects of dairy consumption on adiposity and body composition in obese African Americans. RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: We performed two randomized trials in obese African‐American adults. In the first (weight maintenance), 34 subjects were maintained on a low calcium (500 mg/d)/low dairy (<1 serving/d) or high dairy (1200 mg Ca/d diet including 3 servings of dairy) diet with no change in energy or macronutrient intake for 24 weeks. In the second trial (weight loss), 29 subjects were similarly randomized to the low or high dairy diets and placed on a caloric restriction regimen (‐500 kcal/d). RESULTS: In the first trial, body weight remained stable for both groups throughout the maintenance study. The high dairy diet resulted in decreases in total body fat (2.16 kg, p < 0.01), trunk fat (1.03 kg, p < 0.01), insulin (18.7 pM, p < 0.04), and blood pressure (6.8 mm Hg systolic, p < 0.01$$$ 4.25 mm Hg diastolic, p < 0.01) and an increase in lean mass (1.08 kg, p < 0.04), whereas there were no significant changes in the low dairy group. In the second trial, although both diets produced significant weight and fat loss, weight and fat loss on the high dairy diet were approximately 2‐fold higher (p < 0.01), and loss of lean body mass was markedly reduced (p < 0.001) compared with the low dairy diet. DISCUSSION: Substitution of calcium‐rich foods in isocaloric diets reduced adiposity and improved metabolic profiles in obese African Americans without energy restriction or weight loss and augmented weight and fat loss secondary to energy restriction.
Satiation effects of aroma-taste interactions in dairy based products$$$ INTERVENTION: Each subject visits the test location seven times in the morning in an overnight‐fasted state, with visits separated by a time interval of one week, and presentation of a different dairy based product during each session. Treatment order is counterbalanced across both test days and subjects. Subjects will consume one dairy based product (100 kcal/ 250 mL) every 2 * hours for 3 hours, starting at 8.00 a.m. In total, 2 dairy based products will be consumed during one test session. Subjects will consume a cereal bar (50 kcal) along with the first serving. Visual Analogue Scales (VAS) measurements will be performed to record perceived appetite profile, thirst and reward feelings just before and after consumption of test and placebo products with 10 minutes intervals. At the VAS rating just after consumption of the dairy based products, subjects assess the palatability of the dairy based products using VAS. CONDITION: factoren van invloed op eetgedrag $$$ overweight$$$ eating behaviour PRIMARY OUTCOME: Differences in appetite profile, thirst and reward feelings (VAS) between the $$$ test products and placebo product. $$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: n.a. $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ gender: women ‐ age: 20‐40 years old ‐ BMI 18.5‐24.9 kg m‐2 ‐ subjects are healthy and are not allergic to, nor do they have an aversion to, any of the ingredients used in test and placebo products (based on self‐report) ‐ informed consent
The effect of dairy fat and calcium intake on fat digestibility and blood lipid profile$$$ Background: Intervention studies have demonstrated that a diet high in saturated fat increases total and LDL cholesterol and it is therefore recommended that the intake of high‐fat dairy products be limited. However, observational studies have found an inverse relation between intake of dairy products and incidence of cardiovascular disease. We aimed to study whether the calcium content of dairy products influences the effect of dairy fat on lipid profile. Design: The study had a randomized crossover design. Nine subjects were randomized to the sequence of four isocaloric ten‐day diets: low calcium and low fat (LC/LF:∼700 mg/day, 25E% fat)$$$ high calcium and low fat (HC/LF:∼2800 mg/day calcium, 25E% fat)$$$ low calcium and high fat (LC/LF:∼700 mg/day, 49E% fat)$$$ or high calcium and high fat (HC/HF:∼2800 mg/day calcium, 49E% fat). Blood parameters were measured before and after each diet period, feces were collected for the last five days and urine the last day of each diet period. Results: As expected increased fat intake produced significant increases in concentration of total cholesterol (9%$$$ P < 0.0001), LDL cholesterol (14%$$$ P < 0.0001) and HDL cholesterol (13%$$$ P = 0.0002). However, increased dairy calcium intake produced significant decreases in total cholesterol (4%$$$ P = 0.0051) and LDL cholesterol (10%$$$ P < 0.0001), but not in HDL cholesterol. In addition, total:HDL cholesterol was decreased (5%$$$ P = 0.0299) and HDL:LDL was increased (12%$$$P = 0.0097) after HC compared with LC. Fecal fat excretion was increased by both increased dairy calcium (P < 0.0001) and increased fat (P = 0.0052) intake. Conclusion: Dairy calcium seems to partly counteract the raising effect of saturated fat on total and LDL cholesterol, without reducing HDL cholesterol.
Visceral adipose tissue mass in nonlactating dairy cows fed diets differing in energy density(1)$$$ Our objective was to determine dietary energy effects on feed intake, internal fat deposition, body condition score (BCS), visceral organ mass, and blood analytes in Holstein cows. Eighteen nonpregnant, nonlactating cows (BCS = 3.04 +/‐ 0.25) were blocked based on initial BCS and were randomly assigned within each block to 2 treatments. Treatments were either high energy [HE$$$ net energy for lactation (NEL)=1.62 Mcal/kg] or low energy (LE$$$ NEL = 1.35 Mcal/kg) diets fed as total mixed rations for 8 wk. The LE diet consisted of 81.7% forage, including 40.5% wheat straw and 28.3% corn silage, whereas the HE diet contained 73.8% forage with no straw and 49.9% corn silage (dry matter basis). Cows were fed for ad libitum intake once daily at 0800 h. Feed intake was recorded daily, blood was sampled at wk 1, 4, and 7, and BCS was assigned at wk 1, 4, and 7. Cows were killed following the 8‐wk period, and visceral organs, mammary gland, and internal adipose tissues were weighed and sampled. The HE group had greater dry matter intake (15.9 vs. 11.2 +/‐ 0.5 kg/d) and energy intakes than cows fed LE, but neutral detergent fiber intake did not differ (5.8 vs. 5.6 +/‐ 0.25 kg/d for HE and LE). Final body weight was greater for cows fed HE (807 vs. 750 kg), but BCS did not differ between groups (3.52 vs. 3.47 for HE and LE). Omental (26.8 vs. 15.2 +/‐ 1.6 kg/d), mesenteric (21.5 vs. 11.2 +/‐ 1.9 kg), and perirenal (8.9 vs. 5.4 +/‐ 0.9 kg) adipose tissue masses were larger in HE cows than in LE cows. Although subcutaneous adipose mass was not measured, carcass weight (including hide and subcutaneous fat) did not differ between HE (511 kg) and LE (496 kg). Liver weight tended to be greater for cows fed HE, but weights of gastrointestinal tract, heart, and kidney did not differ. Serum insulin tended to be greater and the glucose to insulin ratio was lower for cows fed HE. Serum concentrations of beta‐hydroxybutyrate and cholesterol were greater for HE cows than for LE cows but concentrations of glucose, nonesterified fatty acids, total protein, and albumin did not differ. Final BCS was correlated with masses of omental (r = 0.57), mesenteric (r = 0.59), and perirenal (r = 0.72) adipose tissue, but mesenteric adipose mass increased more as BCS increased for cows fed HE. The similar final BCS between HE and LE cows demonstrates that BCS may lack sensitivity to detect differences in visceral fat deposition that might increase risk for peripartal diseases and disorders.
The acute effects of dairy calcium intake on fat metabolism during exercise and endurance exercise performance$$$ The purpose of this study was to test the effect of acute dairy calcium intake on exercise energy metabolism and endurance performance. Trained female runners completed two trials. Each trial consisted of a 90‐min glycogen depletion run followed by a self‐paced 10K time trial, conducted one hour after consumption of a high dairy (500 mg Ca+2) or low dairy (80 mg Ca+2) meal. During the 90‐min run, blood samples and respiratory gases were collected. No treatment main effects of acute dairy intake were found for respiratory exchange ratio (RER), calculated fat oxidation, lactate, glycerol, or 10K time. Following this protocol, acute dairy calcium intake did not alter fat utilization or endurance performance in trained female runners.
Effects of dietary calcium from dairy products on ambulatory blood pressure in hypertensive men$$$ The effect of consumption of 400 mg vs 1,500 mg of dietary calcium per day was examined in 13 male volunteers who had been diagnosed as hypertensive. Dietary calcium consumption was varied by manipulation of the intake of dairy products over 4‐week periods. Caffeine intake (mean = 500 mg/day) was monitored. Neither laboratory blood pressure measured by standard sphygmomanometry nor ambulatory blood pressure monitored by automated sphygmomanometry varied significantly among men consuming baseline, low‐calcium, or high‐calcium diets (laboratory blood pressure = 136/83, 133/83, and 137/84 mm Hg, respectively$$$ ambulatory blood pressure = 136/86, 138/87, and 138/87 mm Hg, respectively). Serum ionized calcium values did not vary with the three diets (1.25, 1.26, and 1.25 mmol/L, respectively). The parathyroid hormone level decreased (39 mmol/L vs 37 mmol/L) and the urinary calcium:creatinine ratio was elevated (0.41 vs 0.50) in the high‐calcium diet. Consumption of a diet containing 1,500 mg calcium per day over 4 weeks did not produce a significant decrease in blood pressure or alterations in calcium metabolic indexes.
Dairy calcium supplementation and its effects on the blood pressure of normotensive adult females$$$ Numerous risk factors for hypertension have been identified. Many are nutritional in nature, including calcium. An inverse relationship has been suggested between calcium intake and blood pressure (BP) levels, however the results remain equivocal. This study investigated the influence of increased dairy calcium consumption on BP in young (18‐30 years), healthy, females who were assigned to one of the following cohorts via stratified randomization according to caloric intake: usual care (control), 900‐1000 mg/day, and 1200‐1300 mg/day of calcium. Caloric intake was held constant by substituting customary food items with low‐fat dairy products. Weight changes were monitored and used as a control variable. The American Heart Association's standard procedure was used to measure BP at baseline, 6 and 12 months with a random zero sphygmomanometer. The average of the last 2 of 3 blood pressures assessed in a seated posture was utilized in the analysis. A Pearsons correlation indicated that calcium intake was not correlated to SBP at any time. However, there was a trend for a positive correlation with DBP. A GLM analysis indicated that the control cohort had a lower calcium intake than the experimental cohorts at 6 and 12 months$$$ however, the experimental cohorts were not different at either time point. Weight was a significant predictor of BP at all time points. It remained a significant predictor of SBP at 6 and 12 months and DBP at 12 months after controlling for baseline values of weight, cohort assignment and BP. Cohort assignment did not have a significant influence on BP at any time. Change in weight from baseline to 6 months had a significant direct relationship with change in DBP and SBP at that time point. Since the experimental cohorts did not differ with respect to calcium intake, they were collapsed and compared to the control cohort, however the results remained unchanged. A GLM analysis controlling for baseline BP, weight, and cohort assignment indicated that oral contraceptive use was not related to BP. In conclusion, in these young normotensive females weight was the most consistent predictor of BP, and increased dairy calcium intake did not impact BP.
Dietary approaches for weight loss with increased fruit, vegetables and dairy$$$ Objective ‐ To assess the consumption of fruit, vegetables and non‐fat dairy products of subjects in a weight loss study where strategies were used to increase intakes. Design ‐ Subjects were randomised to one of two diet and exercise weight loss programs for 12 weeks (n=40). The WELL diet (a Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) type diet with a weight loss focus) included daily targets of four serves of fruits, four serves of vegetables and three serves of no fat dairy. The National Heart Foundation's (NHF) 'Healthy Weight Guide' diet included general advice to increase fruit and vegetable consumption but no specific targets. Subjects were visited or phoned fortnightly. They received group weight loss feedback as well as a personalized program that included lifestyle advice, feedback and goal setting. A food group counter recorded servings of fruit, vegetables and dairy products on three consecutive days of each week. Results of the first eight weeks are reported. Results ‐ At week 8, number of serves/day of targeted foods were greater for the WELL diet than the NHF diet (mean difference+/‐SEM): Fruit: 1.5+/‐0.3, vegetables: 1.5+/‐0.2, dairy: 1.3+/‐0.1 serves/day (all P<0.01). Vegetables serves/day (mean+/‐SEM) on the WELL diet increased from week two to week eight (week two: 3.3+/‐0.2, week eight: 4.1+/‐0.4 serves/day (P<0.05)). Daily fruit intake remained above target (week two: 4.7+/‐0.2, week eight: 4.8+/‐0.1 serves/day). Daily dairy intake remained below target (week two: 2.7+/‐0.2, week eight: 2.8 +/‐0.2serves/day). Conclusions ‐ Changing dietary patterns may require different adjustment periods depending on the food type. Increasing fruit intake can be implemented quickly, whereas it takes a longer time to increase vegetable intake. Providing specific dietary targets appears to promote greater adherence to guidelines than general advice to increase intakes alone.
Xylazine or detomidine in dairy calves: a comparison of clinically relevant pharmacodynamic parameters under sedation$$$ Objective Chemical restraint in dairy calves is necessary to enable diagnostic and surgical procedures. It is unclear whether xylazine or detomidine differ with regard to desirable and unwanted effects. Material and methods In a prospective randomized interventional study, 10 healthy Holstein‐Friesian calves (age range 3‐6 month) were sedated with either xylazine (0.1 mg/kg, Group X, n = 5) or detomidine (0.03 mg/kg, Group D, n = 5) intravenously, followed by butorphanol (0.1 mg/kg i. v.) in all animals. Characteristics of sedation and selected pharmacodynamic parameters were compared between groups using a non‐parametric Mann‐Whitney U test. Results All calves (5/5) in Group X and (3/5) calves in Group D became laterally recumbent within 5 minutes. Two calves (40 %) in Group D remained standing and could not been positioned in lateral recumbency 15 minutes after initial administration of the sedation agents. Sedation scores, onset and duration of sedation did not differ between groups. Heart and respiratory rate decreased in both groups. Mean arterial pressure was with around 30 mmHg significantly higher in Group D (t 25, t 30, t 35, t 40with p = 0.018, 0.036, 0.029 and 0.016, respectively). In Group X, glucose level (t 60) and packed cell volume (t 30) were significantly lower (p = 0.032 and 0.048, respectively). Conclusion and clinical relevance The xylazine‐butorphanol combination provided reliable recumbent chemical restraint. With detomidine‐butorphanol recumbency failed in some individuals, but a sufficient clinical sedation was achieved. Based on the limited monitoring used in this study, the side effects are of minor clinical relevance in healthy individuals.
Effects of dairy products on intracellular calcium and blood pressure in adults with essential hypertension$$$ BACKGROUND: Consumption of dairy foods has been associated with lower blood pressure in certain populations. OBJECTIVE: This study examined the effects of dairy foods on blood pressure (BP) and intracellular calcium ((Ca)(i)) and the dependence of BP changes on changes in (Ca)(i). DESIGN: Twenty‐three stage 1 hypertensive adults were fed the following 3 experimental diets (5 wk each) in a randomized cross‐over design study$$$ a dairy‐rich, high fruits and vegetables diet (D‐FandV$$$ 30% fat, 7% saturated fat (SFA), 3.4 servings/d dairy), a high fruits and vegetables diet (FandV$$$ 30% fat, 7% SFA, 0.4 servings/d dairy), and an average Western diet (control$$$ 36% fat, 15% SFA, 0.4 servings/d dairy). Systolic (SBP) and diastolic (DBP) BP, calcium regulatory hormones, and erythrocyte (Ca)(i) were determined. RESULTS: SBP and DBP were significantly reduced by approximately 2 mm Hg following both D‐F&V and F&V diets vs. the control (P < 0.05). The D‐F&V diet significantly lowered 1,25‐dihydroxyvitaminD compared with the F&V and control diets (P < 0.01). Serum calcium, parathyroid hormone, calcitonin, and renin activity were unchanged. The D‐F&V diet lowered (Ca)(i) vs. the other two diets (P < 0.01), and this change correlated with the fall in DBP (r = 0.52, P < 0.05). Subjects who responded to the D‐F&V diet by significantly reducing (Ca)(i) exhibited significantly greater net decreases in DBP on the D‐F&V vs. the F&V (‐2.8 +/‐ 1.0 mm Hg) and control diets (‐5.4 +/‐1.0 mm Hg$$$ diet x group interaction, P < 0.02). CONCLUSION: Consumption of dairy foods beneficially affects (Ca)(i), resulting in improved BP in a subgroup defined by (Ca)(i) response.
The hypotensive effects of conventional non-fat dairy products: the role of arterial stiffness$$$ High consumption of dairy products, particularly non‐fat dairy, is associated with reduced risk of high blood pressure and vascular dysfunction. Currently, it is not known if the solitary addition of conventional non‐fat dairy products to the normal routine diet is capable of reducing blood pressure or improving vascular function. Accordingly, the primary aims of the present study were to determine if the solitary addition of conventional non‐fat dairy products to the normal routine diet would reduce blood pressure and improve vascular function in middle‐aged and older adults with elevated blood pressure. Using a randomized, crossover intervention study design, forty‐nine adults with elevated blood pressure underwent a High Dairy condition (+4 servings/day of conventional non‐fat dairy products) and isocaloric No Dairy condition (+4 servings/day fruit products) in which all dairy products were removed. Both dietary conditions lasted 4 weeks with a 2‐week washout before crossing over into the alternate condition. In Study 1, the High Dairy condition produced reductions in brachial systolic blood pressure and pulse pressure. The hypotensive effects were observed within three weeks after the initiation of dietary intervention and in both casual seated and ambulatory (24‐hour) measurements. On the contrary, pulse pressure was increased after removal of all dairy products in the No Dairy condition compared to baseline and after in the High Dairy condition. There were no changes in diastolic blood pressure after either dietary condition. In Study 2, the High Dairy condition produced reductions in carotid systolic blood pressure, pulse pressure, and carotid‐femoral pulse wave velocity with a concomitant increase in brachial flow‐mediated dilation and cardiovagal baroreflex sensitivity. Brachial flow‐mediated dilation decreased and carotid pulse pressure increased after removal of all dairy products in the No Dairy condition. Furthermore, [delta] carotid systolic blood pressure and carotid‐femoral pulse wave velocity were highly related. Taken together, we concluded that the solitary manipulation of conventional dairy products, particularly non‐fat dairy, in the normal routine diet would modulate levels of blood pressure and vascular function in middle‐aged and older adults with pre‐hypertension and hypertension.
Dietary patterns and associations with BMI in low-income, ethnic minority youth in the USA according to baseline data from four randomised controlled trials$$$ Few studies have derived data‐driven dietary patterns in youth in the USA. This study examined data‐driven dietary patterns and their associations with BMI measures in predominantly low‐income, racial/ethnic minority US youth. Data were from baseline assessments of the four Childhood Obesity Prevention and Treatment Research (COPTR) Consortium trials: NET‐Works (534 2‐4‐year‐olds), GROW (610 3‐5‐year‐olds), GOALS (241 7‐11‐year‐olds) and IMPACT (360 10‐13‐year‐olds). Weight and height were measured. Children/adult proxies completed three 24‐h dietary recalls. Dietary patterns were derived for each site from twenty‐four food/beverage groups using k‐means cluster analysis. Multivariable linear regression models examined associations of dietary patterns with BMI and percentage of the 95th BMI percentile. Healthy (produce and whole grains) and Unhealthy (fried food, savoury snacks and desserts) patterns were found in NET‐Works and GROW. GROW additionally had a dairy‐ and sugar‐sweetened beverage‐based pattern. GOALS had a similar Healthy pattern and a pattern resembling a traditional Mexican diet. Associations between dietary patterns and BMI were only observed in IMPACT. In IMPACT, youth in the Sandwich (cold cuts, refined grains, cheese and miscellaneous) compared with Mixed (whole grains and desserts) cluster had significantly higher BMI (β = 0·99 (95 % CI 0·01, 1·97)) and percentage of the 95th BMI percentile (β = 4·17 (95 % CI 0·11, 8·24)). Healthy and Unhealthy patterns were the most common dietary patterns in COPTR youth, but diets may differ according to age, race/ethnicity or geographic location. Public health messages focused on healthy dietary substitutions may help youth mimic a dietary pattern associated with lower BMI.
Advising women with diabetes in pregnancy to express breastmilk in late pregnancy (Diabetes and Antenatal Milk Expressing [DAME]): a multicentre, unblinded, randomised controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Infants of women with diabetes in pregnancy are at increased risk of hypoglycaemia, admission to a neonatal intensive care unit (NICU), and not being exclusively breastfed. Many clinicians encourage women with diabetes in pregnancy to express and store breastmilk in late pregnancy, yet no evidence exists for this practice. We aimed to determine the safety and efficacy of antenatal expressing in women with diabetes in pregnancy. METHODS: We did a multicentre, two‐group, unblinded, randomised controlled trial in six hospitals in Victoria, Australia. We recruited women with pre‐existing or gestational diabetes in a singleton pregnancy from 34 to 37 weeks' gestation and randomly assigned them (1:1) to either expressing breastmilk twice per day from 36 weeks' gestation (antenatal expressing) or standard care (usual midwifery and obstetric care, supplemented by support from a diabetes educator). Randomisation was done with a computerised random number generator in blocks of size two and four, and was stratified by site, parity, and diabetes type. Investigators were masked to block size but masking of caregivers was not possible. The primary outcome was the proportion of infants admitted to the NICU. We did the analyses by intention to treat$$$ the data were obtained and analysed masked to group allocation. This trial is registered with the Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry, number ACTRN12611000217909. FINDINGS: Between June 6, 2011, and Oct 29, 2015, we recruited and randomly assigned 635 women: 319 to antenatal expressing and 316 to standard care. Three were not included in the primary analysis (one withdrawal from the standard care group, and one post‐randomisation exclusion and one withdrawal from the antenatal expressing group). The proportion of infants admitted to the NICU did not differ between groups (46 [15%] of 317 assigned to antenatal expressing vs 44 [14%] of 315 assigned to standard care$$$ adjusted relative risk 1·06, 95% CI 0·66 to 1·46). In the antenatal expressing group, the most common serious adverse event for infants was admission to the NICU for respiratory support (for three [<1%] of 317. In the standard care group, the most common serious adverse event for infants was moderate to severe encephalopathy with or without seizures (for three [<1%] of 315). INTERPRETATION: There is no harm in advising women with diabetes in pregnancy at low risk of complications to express breastmilk from 36 weeks' gestation. FUNDING: Australian National Health and Medical Research Council.
Consumption of different soymilk formulations differentially affects the gut microbiomes of overweight and obese men$$$ The effects of consuming foods on the intestinal microbiome of obese individuals remain unclear. The objective of this study was to compare the effects of consuming low glycinin soymilk (LGS, 49.5% β‐conglycinin/6% glycinin), conventional soymilk (S, 26.5% β‐conglycinin/38.7% glycinin) or bovine milk (M, 0% β‐conglycinin/0% glycinin) on the intestinal microbiome in overweight and obese men. In a randomized double‐blind study, participants (64 men, BMI > 25, 20‐45 y old), organized in three groups, consumed 500 mL of LGS, S or M daily for 3 mo. Three fecal samples were collected before (baseline) and after 3 mo of consumption. Dietary energy and macronutrient intake were monitored monthly and remained constant throughout the study (p > 0.05). Microbial composition was analyzed with qPCR and bTEFAP. Within groups, qPCR analysis showed that the total bacteria increased in all treatments over time (p < 0.001). Bacteroides‐Prevotella (p = 0.001) and Lactobacillus (p < 0.001) increased in LGS and M, respectively. Bifidobacterium was significantly reduced in LGS (p = 0.003) and S (p < 0.001). Bacterial diversity decreased for LGS, S and M (p = 0.004, 0.005, 0.001$$$ respectively). Unweighted UniFrac analysis revealed that the microbial communities were more similar within than between individuals. The Firmicutes to Bacteroidetes ratio decreased in both LGS and S groups and remained relatively unchanged in the M group (Time p = 0.012$$$ Interaction p = 0.059). Indicator analysis revealed several genera that were indicative of each treatment including Lactobacillus and Prevotella. Consumption of the three beverages differentially altered the microbiota in overweight and obese men including a potentially beneficial alteration of the Firmicutes to Bacteroidetes ratio in both soymilk groups.
Whey and casein labeled with L-[1-13C]leucine and muscle protein synthesis: effect of resistance exercise and protein ingestion$$$ Muscle protein turnover following resistance exercise and amino acid availability are relatively well described. By contrast, the beneficial effects of different sources of intact proteins in relation to exercise need further investigation. Our objective was to compare muscle anabolic responses to a single bolus intake of whey or casein after performance of heavy resistance exercise. Young male individuals were randomly assigned to participate in two protein trials (n = 9) or one control trial (n = 8). Infusion of l‐[1‐(13)C]leucine was carried out, and either whey, casein (0.3 g/kg lean body mass), or a noncaloric control drink was ingested immediately after exercise. l‐[1‐(13)C]leucine‐labeled whey and casein were used while muscle protein synthesis (MPS) was assessed. Blood and muscle tissue samples were collected to measure systemic hormone and amino acid concentrations, tracer enrichments, and myofibrillar protein synthesis. Western blots were used to investigate the Akt signaling pathway. Plasma insulin and branched‐chain amino acid concentrations increased to a greater extent after ingestion of whey compared with casein. Myofibrillar protein synthesis was equally increased 1‐6 h postexercise after whey and casein intake, both of which were higher compared with control (P < 0.05). Phosphorylation of Akt and p70(S6K) was increased after exercise and protein intake (P < 0.05), but no differences were observed between the types of protein except for total 4E‐BP1, which was higher after whey intake than after casein intake (P < 0.05). In conclusion, whey and casein intake immediately after resistance exercise results in an overall equal MPS response despite temporal differences in insulin and amino acid concentrations and 4E‐BP1.
Snacking characteristics and patterns in the childhood obesity prevention and treatment research consortium$$$ Introduction: Snack occasions account for up to 25% of total daily caloric intake among children aged 2‐11 years, but it is unclear how snacking is related to dietary quality and obesity. The objective of this study is to describe snacking characteristics and patterns in children and to examine their associations with dietary quality and body mass index (BMI). Methods: Data were collected at baseline from four randomized trials of predominantly low‐income, racial/ethnic minorities from the Childhood Obesity Prevention and Treatment Research (COPTR) Consortium. Study sites were in Minneapolis, MN (n=534 2‐4‐year‐olds ≥50th BMI percentile)$$$ Nashville, TN (n=610 3‐5‐year‐olds ≥50th to <95th BMI percentile)$$$ San Francisco Bay Area, CA (n=241 7‐11‐year‐olds ≥85th BMI percentile)$$$ and Cleveland, OH (n=360 10‐13‐year‐olds ≥85th BMI percentile). Children's weight and height were measured. Participants or an adult proxy completed three 24‐hour dietary recalls and selfidentified snack occasions. Snack patterns were derived for each site from 11 food groups using principal factor analysis. Estimated scoring coefficients for each derived factor determined pattern adherence. Multivariable models were used to examine associations of snacking characteristics (total number of occasions and calories) and snack pattern adherence with total COPTR‐modified healthy eating index (mHEI) score and BMI. Results: Snacks accounted for a greater percent of total number of meals (43% vs. 27%) and total caloric intake (30% vs. 17%) for younger versus older children, respectively. In younger children, total number of snack occasions was positively associated with mHEI [MN: 0.50 (95% CI: 0.10, 0.90)$$$ TN: 0.68 (95% CI: 0.25, 1.11)]. Two snack patterns were derived for three sites: a meal‐like factor (nonstarchy vegetables, meats, and grains) and a beverage factor [milk and sugarsweetened beverages (SSBs)]. Two different snack patterns were derived for Cleveland, OH, a similar meal‐like factor (non‐starchy vegetables, starchy vegetables, meats, and SSBs) and a dairy food/grain‐based factor. Increased adherence to a meal‐like pattern was positively associated with mHEI among younger children only [MN: 3.48 (95% CI: 1.90, 5.06)$$$ TN: 2.31 (95% CI: 0.89, 3.74)]. Other associations of snacking characteristics and patterns with mHEI and BMI varied across sites. Conclusions: The factors that described predominantly low‐income, racial/ethnic minority children's snack patterns were a meal‐like factor and a beverage factor. Meal‐like factor snack consumption was associated with better dietary quality only among younger children, who obtained a greater proportion of their total caloric intake from snacks compared to older children. These results indicate that targeting snack intake may be relevant to improving the diets of 2‐5‐year‐old children.
Design and rationale of the INSYTE study: a randomised, placebo controlled study to test the efficacy of a synbiotic on liver fat, disease biomarkers and intestinal microbiota in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease$$$ BACKGROUND: Non‐alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) represents a spectrum of fat‐related conditions ranging from simple fatty liver, to non‐alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), fibrosis and cirrhosis. There is growing evidence that NAFLD is a multisystem disease, affecting several extra‐hepatic organs and regulatory pathways. Furthermore, since the gut and liver are linked anatomically via the portal vein, disturbances of the gut microbiota (dysbiosis) can affect the liver. OBJECTIVES: In patients with NAFLD, we are testing the effects of a synbiotic which is the combination of a prebiotic (fructooligosaccharides$$$ 4 g/day) and a probiotic (Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis BB‐12 at a minimum of 10 billion CFU/day) on a) liver fat percentage, b) NAFLD fibrosis algorithm scores, c) gut microbiota composition. Additionally, there will be several hypothesis‐generating secondary outcomes to understand the metaorganismal pathways that influence the development and progression of NAFLD, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular risk. DESIGN: In a randomised double‐blind placebo‐controlled trial, 104 participants were randomised to 10‐14 months intervention with either synbiotic (n = 55) or placebo (n = 49). Recruitment was completed in April 2017 and the last study visit will be completed by April 2018. METHODS: Change in gut microbiota composition will be assessed using 16S ribosomal RNA gene sequencing. Change in mean liver fat percentage will be quantified by magnetic resonance spectroscopy (MRS). In addition, change in liver fat severity will be measured using two NAFLD fibrosis algorithm scores. The INSYTE study was approved by the local ethics committee (REC: 12/SC/0614) and is registered at www.clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01680640.
Design and rationale of the INSYTE study: a randomised, placebo controlled study to test the efficacy of a synbiotic on liver fat, disease biomarkers and intestinal microbiota in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease$$$ Background: Non‐alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) represents a spectrum of fat‐related conditions ranging from simple fatty liver, to non‐alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), fibrosis and cirrhosis. There is growing evidence that NAFLD is a multisystem disease, affecting several extra‐hepatic organs and regulatory pathways. Furthermore, since the gut and liver are linked anatomically via the portal vein, disturbances of the gut microbiota (dysbiosis) can affect the liver. Objectives: In patients with NAFLD, we are testing the effects of a synbiotic which is the combination of a prebiotic (fructooligosaccharides$$$ 4 g/day) and a probiotic (Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis BB‐12 at a minimum of 10 billion CFU/day) on a) liver fat percentage, b) NAFLD fibrosis algorithm scores, c) gut microbiota composition. Additionally, there will be several hypothesis‐generating secondary outcomes to understand the metaorganismal pathways that influence the development and progression of NAFLD, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular risk. Design: In a randomised double‐blind placebo‐controlled trial, 104 participants were randomised to 10–14 months intervention with either synbiotic (n = 55) or placebo (n = 49). Recruitment was completed in April 2017 and the last study visit will be completed by April 2018. Methods: Change in gut microbiota composition will be assessed using 16S ribosomal RNA gene sequencing. Change in mean liver fat percentage will be quantified by magnetic resonance spectroscopy (MRS). In addition, change in liver fat severity will be measured using two NAFLD fibrosis algorithm scores. The INSYTE study was approved by the local ethics committee (REC: 12/SC/0614) and is registered at www.clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01680640.
Acute effects of an isocaloric macronutrient-matched breakfast meal containing almonds on glycemic, hormonal, and appetite responses in men with type 2 diabetes: a randomized crossover study$$$ This randomized crossover study assessed the acute effects of almonds on postprandial glycemic, hormonal, and appetite responses in a sample of 7 men with type 2 diabetes (T2D). Participants completed 2 experimental visits during which a control (white bread, butter, cheese) and a test (white bread, almonds) meal were ingested. Energy, available carbohydrate, total lipid, and protein content were the same in both meals. Blood samples were collected in fasting state as well as 15, 30, 60, 90, 120, and 240 min postprandially for quantifying blood glucose, as well as insulin and glucagon‐like peptide‐1 (GLP‐1) serum concentrations. Subjective appetite sensations were assessed using visual analog scales at the same time‐points. Within this sample of participants, the test meal was found to be associated with lower postprandial glycemia and insulinemia, higher GLP‐1 serum concentrations, decreased hunger and desire to eat, and increased fullness. The test meal was also associated with an increased estimated glucose metabolic clearance rate, indicating higher postprandial insulin sensitivity. Overall, results suggest that almonds' macronutrient subtype profile could have a beneficial impact on postprandial glycemic, hormonal, and appetite responses in men with T2D. Studies with larger sample sizes are warranted to confirm these findings. Novelty A meal containing almonds (vs. isocaloric macronutrient‐matched control) induced lower glycemic and insulinemic responses. A meal containing almonds (vs. isocaloric macronutrient‐matched control) induced a greater elevation in postprandial GLP‐1 serum concentrations. A meal containing almonds (vs. isocaloric macronutrient‐matched control) induced more favourable postprandial appetite responses.
Protein type, protein dose, and age modulate dietary protein digestion and phenylalanine absorption kinetics and plasma phenylalanine availability in humans$$$ BACKGROUND: Dietary protein ingestion stimulates muscle protein synthesis by providing amino acids to the muscle. The magnitude and duration of the postprandial increase in muscle protein synthesis rates are largely determined by dietary protein digestion and amino acid absorption kinetics. OBJECTIVE: We assessed the impact of protein type, protein dose, and age on dietary protein digestion and amino acid absorption kinetics in vivo in humans. METHODS: We included data from 18 randomized controlled trials with a total of 602 participants [age: 53 ± 23 y$$$ BMI (kg/m2): 24.8 ± 3.3] who consumed various quantities of intrinsically l‐[1‐13C]‐phenylalanine‐labeled whey (n = 137), casein (n = 393), or milk (n = 72) protein and received intravenous infusions of l‐[ring‐2H5]‐phenylalanine, which allowed us to assess protein digestion and phenylalanine absorption kinetics and the postprandial release of dietary protein‐derived phenylalanine into the circulation. The effect of aging on these processes was assessed in a subset of 82 young (aged 22 ± 3 y) and 83 older (aged 71 ± 5 y) individuals. RESULTS: A total of 50% ± 14% of dietary protein‐derived phenylalanine appeared in the circulation over a 5‐h postprandial period. Casein ingestion resulted in a smaller (45% ± 11%), whey protein ingestion in an intermediate (57% ± 10%), and milk protein ingestion in a greater (65% ± 13%) fraction of dietary protein‐derived phenylalanine appearing in the circulation (P < 0.001). The postprandial availability of dietary protein‐derived phenylalanine in the circulation increased with the ingestion of greater protein doses (P < 0.05). Protein digestion and phenylalanine absorption kinetics were attenuated in older when compared with young individuals, with 45% ± 10% vs. 51% ± 14% of dietary protein‐derived phenylalanine appearing in the circulation, respectively (P = 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Protein type, protein dose, and age modulate dietary protein digestion and amino acid absorption kinetics and subsequent postprandial plasma amino acid availability in vivo in humans. These trials were registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00557388, NCT00936039, NCT00991523, NCT01317511, NCT01473576, NCT01576848, NCT01578590, NCT01615276, NCT01680146, NCT01820975, NCT01986842, and NCT02596542, and at http://www.trialregister.nl as NTR3638, NTR3885, NTR4060, NTR4429, and NTR4492.
Effects of consuming cheese naturally enriched in pufas on body composition in overweight and obese dyslipidemic people$$$ Background and objectives: The association of conjugated linoleic acid and omega 3‐polyunsaturated fatty acids present in milk fat may have a preventive role in the cardiovascular risk mainly through the reduction of total body fat. We evaluated the combined effects of those fatty acids in a naturally PUFA enriched cheese on body composition. Methods: Prospective, randomized, double‐blind, placebocontrolled clinical trial. A total of 62 adults, were randomized to receive during a 12 weeks period the functional enriched cheese (group B) vs. placebo cheese (group A) in the context of an individualized hypocaloric diet and a physical activity promotion programme. We analyze the results of body weight change and body composition measured by DXA. Results: 53 participants were included in the intervention study (68% were female, aged 49.26±9.65 year‐old). At the end of the study group B showed a significant decrease ofandroid fat percentage (A: ‐1.67±3.66% vs. B: ‐3.68±3.3% p<0.05), gynoid fat percentage (A: ‐0.65±1.69% vs. B: ‐2.22±2.47% p<0.01), total body fat mass (A: ‐0.76±1.83% vs. B: ‐1, 98±1.77% p<0.01), body weight (A: ‐1.01±2.51 kg vs. B: ‐3.10±2.44 kg p <0.05), waist circumference (A: ‐1.75 2,6 cm vs. B: ‐2.58±2.05 cm p<0.05) andbody mass index (A: ‐0.40±0.92 kg/m2 vs. B: ‐1.15±0.90 kg/m2 p <0.05. Conclusions: This functional cheese modified positively the body composition of the overweight and obese patients, being a useful food in Dieting Programs.
Long-term efficacy and safety of imiquimod 5% and fluorouracil 1% creams in medical monotherapy of complex eyelid basal cell carcinomas$$$ Purpose: To study the long‐term efficacy and safety of local application of imiquimod 5% and fluorouracil 1% creams in complex eyelid basal cell carcinomas (BCCs). Methods: A retrospective, non‐comparative study in biopsy‐proven, complex (involving canthi or >50% of eyelid length) eyelid BCC patients who were medically unfit for surgical procedures. All patients were medically treated with either of the creams using fixed‐dose regimens for a minimum of 3 months. All received oral vitamin C 500 mg QID for 3 months as an adjunct for collagen healing. A minimum of “post‐treatment” follow‐up of 12 months was observed. Results: Of total 30 patients, imiquimod 5% and fluorouracil 1% were used in 16 and 14 patients, respectively. The mean age of our patients was 70.5 years. The co‐morbidities included – severe coronary artery disease using blood‐thinners (n = 19), poorly controlled diabetes (n = 12), poorly controlled hypertension (n = 6), on nebulization (n = 3), and tuberculosis with pulmonary fibrosis (n = 2). Complete clinical tumor resolution was noted in 10 and 8 patients over 12 and 16.5 weeks, respectively, in imiquimod and fluorouracil groups. Periocular skin erythema, chemical conjunctivitis, and skin depigmentation were seen in all the patients of imiquimod group. On the other hand, the local side‐effect profile in fluorouracil patients was limited. Conclusion: The medical treatment of complex eyelid BCC is a useful alternative to surgery in the elderly with significant co‐morbidities. It provides a promising long‐term relief with a tolerable side‐effect profile. A prospective, randomized, double‐blinded trial would provide stronger evidence for the efficacy of these drugs.
The effects of DASH diet on lipid profiles and biomarkers of oxidative stress in overweight and obese women with polycystic ovary syndrome: a randomised clinical trial$$$ Study question: We are aware of no study examining the effects of Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet on metabolic profiles and biomarkers of oxidative stress in patients with PCOS. Summary answer: In conclusion, consumption of DASH eating pattern for 8 weeks among overweight and obese women with PCOS resulted in a significant decrease in weight and BMI. It led to a significant reduction in serum insulin, triglycerides and VLDL‐C levels and a significant increase in plasma TAC and total GSH levels. What is known already: The dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH) eating plan is a low‐glycemic‐index low energy‐dense diet that has firstly been suggested for lowering blood pressure$$$ however, its beneficial effects have also been reported in type 2 diabetes, gestational diabetes and metabolic syndrome. Although the influence of some dietary components of DASH diet like antioxidants, magnesium, dietary fiber, fruit and vegetables in PCOS has been assessed in previous studies, we are aware of no study examining the effects of DASH diet on metabolic profiles and biomarkers of oxidative stress in patients with PCOS. High contents of dietary fiber, antioxidants, phytoestrogens and iso flavones along with its low glycemic index might help PCOS patients to control their increased levels of lipid profile and oxidative stress. Study design, size, duration: This randomised controlled clinical trial was done among 48women diagnosed with PCOS. Subjects were randomly assigned to consume either the control (n = 24) or the DASH eating pattern (n = 24) for 8 weeks. Participants/materials, setting, methods: Methods: This randomised controlled clinical trial was done among 48 women diagnosed with PCOS. Subjects were randomly assigned to consume either the control (n = 24) or the DASH eating pattern (n = 24) for 8 weeks. Both diets were designed to be calorierestricted. The DASH diet was consisted of 52% carbohydrates, 18% proteins, 30% total fats. It was designed to be rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and low‐fat dairy products and low in saturated fats, cholesterol, refined grains, and sweets. Prescribed sodium in the DASH diet was less than 2,400 mg/day. The control diet was also designed to contain 52% carbohydrates, 18% protein and 30% total fat$$$ however, the two diets were different in terms of food groups contained. Fasting blood samples were taken at baseline and after 8‐wk intervention to measure lipid profiles and biomarkers of oxidative stress including plasma total antioxidant capacity (TAC) and total glutathione (GSH). Main results and the role of chance: Results: Adherence to the DASH eating pattern, compared to the control diet, resulted in a significant decrease in weight (‐4.4 vs. ‐1.5 kg$$$ P < 0.001) and BMI (‐1.7 vs. ‐0.6 kg/m2$$$ P < 0.001). Compared to the control diet, consumption of DASH eating pattern also led to decreased serum triglycerides (‐10.0 vs. + 19.2 mg/dL$$$ P‐interaction = 0.005) and VLDL‐C levels (‐2.0 vs. + 3.9 mg/dL$$$ P‐interaction = 0.005). Individuals in the DASH group, compared to the control group, had reduced levels of serum insulin (‐1.88 vs. + 2.89 μIU/mL, P‐interaction = 0.03), but not fasting plasma glucose levels (‐0.5 vs. + 5.7 mg/dL$$$ P‐interaction = 0.20), after intervention. Increased concentrations of plasma TAC (+98.6 vs. ‐174.8 mmol/L$$$ P‐interaction <0.001) and total GSH (+66.4 vs. ‐155.6 μmol/L$$$ P‐interaction = 0.005) were also found in the DASH group compared with the control group. We failed to find significant differences in mean changes of serum total cholesterol, HDL‐ and LDL‐C levels between the two diets. Limitations, reason for caution: The first limitation is the relatively short duration of intervention. Long‐term interventions might result in greater changes in lipid profiles. Second, we could not assess the effects of DASH eating plan on other biochemical indicators of oxidative stress and factors of peroxidation. Further studies are required to examine the effects of DASH diet on other measures of oxidative stress. Wider implications of the findings: High contents of dietary fiber, antioxidants, phytoestrogens and iso flavones along with its low glycemic index might help PCOS patients to control their increased levels of lipid profile and oxidative stress.
A comparative study to evaluate the efficacy of clobetasol and curcumin in patients with oral submucous fibrosis$$$ Background: Oral submucous fibrosis (OSMF) was considered primarily as a disease prevalent in Southern Asia and southern Asian immigrants. However, it has been associated with an increased risk of malignant transformation and beginning to garner considerable attention world‐wide. The main aim in management of OSMF is to relieve burning sensation and improve mouth opening. Aim and Objective: This study aimed to compare efficacy of curcumin (2 g) and topical clobetasol propionate (0.05%) cream in management of OSMF. Materials and Methods: This prospective and randomized study was conducted among sixty clinically diagnosed patients between age group of 18 and 50 years of age. They were randomly divided into two groups. Group A patients were instructed to apply topical clobetasol propionate cream (0.05%) thrice daily for 6 weeks. Group B patients were prescribed oral curcumin lozenges for 6 weeks. Recalls were done every week for up to 6 weeks for both groups for which burning sensation and mouth opening parameters were recorded. Results: The prevalence of OSMF was more in the younger age group which was due to increase in the chewing habit. Reduction in burning sensation was seen among patients in both groups but a significant reduction of 6.67 was seen with clobetasol group when compared with curcumin group with mean reduction of 2.53. Marked improvement in mouth opening was seen with Clobetasol ointment group when compared to curcumin group with a mean increase in mouth opening of 3.57 mm in the former and only 0.47 mm improvement in the latter. Conclusion: In the present study, both treatments were beneficial in reducing burning sensation significantly with clobetasol group showing better improvement as compared to curcumin group. There was a significant improvement in mouth opening with clobetasol group and non‐significant results were obtained with curcumin group. Therefore, clobetasol can be opted as a drug of choice in improving mouth opening in OSMF patients.
Effects of low-fat hard cheese enriched with plant stanol esters on serum lipids and apolipoprotein B in mildly hypercholesterolaemic subjects$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the cholesterol‐lowering effects of a low‐fat cheese enriched with plant stanol esters in mildly hypercholesterolaemic subjects, as part of their normal diet. DESIGN: A randomized double‐blind parallel‐group study. SETTING: Valio Ltd, Helsinki. SUBJECTS: Sixty‐seven mildly hypercholesterolaemic volunteers (24 men, 43 women) participated in the study, which all of them completed. INTERVENTIONS: The subjects were randomly assigned to the plant stanol ester group or the control group. During the 5‐week intervention, the subjects in the stanol group consumed a cheese enriched with 2 g of plant stanols per day, and the subjects in the control group, a control cheese with no plant stanols. RESULTS: In the stanol ester group, as compared to the control group, both serum total and low‐density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol decreased significantly, that is, by 5.8% (‐0.32 mmol/l, 95% CI ‐0.50 to ‐0.15 mmol/l, P < 0.001) and 10.3% (‐0.36 mmol/l, 95% CI ‐0.53 to ‐0.18 mmol/l, P < 0.001), respectively. There were no significant changes in high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL), triglycerides or apolipoprotein B concentrations between the groups. CONCLUSION: Cheese enriched with 2 g of plant stanol in the form of fatty acid esters decreases serum total and LDL cholesterol significantly.
Long-term follow-up of imiquimod-treated lentigo maligna$$$ Lentigo maligna (LM) is an indolent premalignant skin lesion that appears on photodamaged skin, mainly of the face and neck. LM is a precursor to invasive lentigo maligna melanoma (LMM) and therefore warrants treatment. The mainstay has so far been surgical excision, but this can lead to significant scarring in cosmetically sensitive areas. Imiquimod seems to be a promising nonsurgical treatment option$$$ however, there are limited data on its long‐term efficacy (Kai AC, Richards T, Coleman A et al. Five‐year recurrence rate of lentigo maligna after treatment with imiquimod. Br J Dermatol 2016$$$ 174: 165‐8). The aim of this study is to assess long‐term outcomes of LM treated with topical imiquimod. We collected data retrospectively for 30 patients treated with imiquimod 5% cream for biopsy‐proven LM of the face, ears or scalp, from 2001 to present. Criteria for treatment included incomplete excision, ill‐defined border, large size, difficult site, recurrence or patient preference. Twelve patients had previous surgical excision. Initially patients applied imiquimod once daily, 5 days per week for 6 weeks, aiming to produce a brisk local inflammatory response. If there was no response, the dose was increased to twice daily 7 days a week for 6 weeks, and if there was still no inflammatory response, twice daily for 10 weeks. Eight patients required two courses and one a third course. Three patients reported systemic side‐effects. Three patients failed to develop any inflammatory response, two chose surgery and one opted for a wait‐and‐see approach. An inflammatory response developed in 27 (90%) patients, including a mild reaction in six and brisk in 21. In four of the 27 there was no reduction in LM size or colour, and they were referred for surgery. Four patients died from other causes within 2 years. Twelve have been followed up for ≥ 2 years (mean 6.3 years, range 2.1‐12.5). Ten of 12 patients remained clear after a mean 6.3 years. In two patients pigment returned and repeat biopsy confirmed the recurrence of LM after 2.1 and 2.6 years, respectively. No patient developed invasive disease. Our results suggest that imiquimod monotherapy is an attractive alternative to surgery for the treatment of LM, particularly for large lesions at difficult sites. With adequate patient preparation it is generally tolerated and can achieve excellent cosmetic results. However, larger prospective randomized trials on the treatment's long‐term efficacy are required.
IDF21-0431 A Novel Formulation that Regulates Subsets of Macrophages Accelerates Diabetic Ulcer Healing$$$ Background: Non‐healing diabetic foot ulcers (DFUs) have been a major risk factor in subsequent infection or amputation. The persistent inflammation is attributable to the DFU chronicity where the transition of subsets of macrophages is dysregulated. To resolve the delayed transition of the macrophage from the pro‐inflammatory phase to the proliferative phase, two novel pharmaceutical ingredients, PA‐F4 and S1, were identified from the extracts of Plectranthus amboinicus and Centella asiatica with a specified combination ratio. The proprietary ratio formulation, under a research code: ON101, exhibited superior pharmacological activities to other combination ratios and was better than becaplermin in wound healing in the diabetic animal models. Aim: We aim to assess whether ON101, the topical formulation combining PA‐F4 and S1 could promote wound healing by altering the expression of subsets of macrophages in vitro, in vivo, and DFU patients. Method: THP‐1, a human monocytic cell line, was used for M0‐macrophage polarization by PMA (60 ng/ml) treatment and further treated with lipopolysaccharides (LPS, 1 μg/mL) for M1 polarization. PA‐F4 or S1 were co‐treated during the M1‐polarization process. The protein levels of pro‐inflammatory cytokines IL‐6, IL‐18, and IL‐1b were determined by ELISA. Western blot was used to detect the expression of iNOS protein. Streptozotocin (STZ, 65mg/kg)‐induced diabetic rats were used by intravenously injecting STZ for 2 months to achieve hyperglycemia (over 300mg/DL). Three full‐thickness of wounds were created on the dorsal medial area of each qualified rat’s back. Medications were topically applied to each wound twice daily. Wound closure rate was measured on days 4, 6, 8, 10, 12, and 14 after wounding by taking a picture with a standard rule placed beside the wound. For clinical evaluation, a Phase 3, randomized, controlled trial was conducted in the USA, China, and Taiwan to assess the efficacy of ON101 in treating DFUs. Results: The M1‐macrophage‐polarization model demonstrated that both PA‐F4 and S1 dose‐dependently suppressed the secretion of proinflammatory cytokines IL‐6. In addition, both agents could alleviate LPS‐induced NF‐kB nuclear localization. However, only PA‐F4 dose‐dependently suppressed LPS‐induced iNOS and COX2 activation whereas S1 displayed mild suppressive effect, suggesting that PA‐F4 and S1 suppressed M1‐macrophages through a distinct regulatory pathway. To further evaluate the combined effect of PA‐F4 and S1 on diabetic wound healing, STZ‐induced diabetic rate model was used. The result demonstrated that the combination of S1 (1%) with PA‐F4 (0.25%) dramatically enhanced the wound healing since day 4 after wounding when compared with S1 cream (1% S1) alone which suggest such combination displayed a synergistic effect on promoting diabetic wound healing. The Phase 3 study conducted on 236 diabetic patients with Wagner Grade 1 or 2 ulcers demonstrated that the treatment group of ON101 achieved statistical significance in incidence of complete wound closure as the primary endpoint compared with the standard care dressing control group (60.7% versus 35.1%, p<0.0001). Discussion: ON101 was evaluated in the THP‐1 cell assay, the STZ‐induced mice model, and the Phase 3 study where the robust pharmacological effect of the novel topical formulation has been demonstrated in regulating macrophages and promoting diabetic wound healing.
Acute effects of postprandial aerobic exercise on glucose and lipoprotein metabolism in healthy young women$$$ AIM: To investigate the acute effects of postprandial exercise on glucose and lipoprotein metabolism after the intake of glucose with or without fat cream in healthy but sedentary young women. METHODS: Healthy young Japanese women with a sedentary lifestyle, normal weight (18.5≤BMI<25), normal ovarian cycle, and apolipoprotein (apo) E3/3 were enrolled as participants. They ingested 1 g/kg body weight of glucose only or glucose supplemented with 1 g/kg oral fat tolerance test (OFTT) cream 4 (0.35 g/kg as fat) with or without postprandial walking exercise on a motorized treadmill (ca. 50%V(·)o(2)max for 30 min) 20 min after intake of the beverage. Each subject performed 4 trials in a randomized, cross‐over design. Venous blood was drawn before (0 h), and 20 min, 1, 2, 4, and 6 h after ingestion. RESULTS: Postprandial exercise alleviated the sharp rise of serum glucose and insulin, and transiently mitigated the decrease of free fatty acids (FFA) after ingestion of the glucose‐only beverage. Although no fat was contained in the glucose beverage, transient apoB48 secretion was observed without the rise of serum triglyceride (TG) and remnant‐like particle (RLP)‐TG, suggesting that apoB48‐containing lipoprotein particles with little TG were released by the exercise. Serum apoB48 concentrations at 6 h had decreased to levels lower than the baseline (0 h, after 12‐h overnight fast) with or without exercise, suggesting that the 12‐h overnight fast may not have been a 'true' fast. Similarly, postprandial exercise suppressed the sharp rise of serum glucose and insulin, and transiently mitigated the decrease of FFA after the ingestion of glucose with OFTT cream. Postprandial exercise stimulated the transient secretion of apoB48‐containing TG‐rich lipoproteins (TRL) with a rapid rise of serum apoB48, TG, and RLP‐TG$$$ however, the subsequent course of lipemia was not significantly changed. Serum apoB48 and RLP‐TG values did not return to the baseline even after 6 h, suggesting that postprandial lipoprotein metabolism was not finished at the end of the experiment. CONCLUSION: Postprandial aerobic exercise alleviated the glycemic peak at 1 h associated with insulin 'sparing'. The effect of exercise on fat metabolism was transient, enhancing the secretion of intestinal TRL at an early phase, but no further significant effects were observed. Postprandial exercise transiently stimulated the secretion of apoB48 after glucose intake without a fat load.
Lipid-lowering effect of nattokinase in patients with primary hypercholesterolemia$$$ Background: Nattokinase is a fibrinolytic enzyme isolated from the vegetable cheese natto. Although research suggests that nattokinase has beneficial effects on lipid metabolism, there is no clinical data on its effects in human patients with hypercholesterolemia. Methods: Thirty patients with primary hypercholesterolemia given instruction on a low cholesterol diet and treated with 400 mg (4000FU) nattokinase or placebo twice daily for 8 weeks were selected. Results: No significant changes in serum triglyceride, non‐HDL cholesterol, total cholesterol/HDL ratio, and LDL/HDL ratio were found in either treatment group. There was a tendency of greater reduction of total serum cholesterol in nattokinase group than placebo group (‐6.15% and ‐6.8% after 4 and 8 weeks treatment, respectively). There were also greater reduction of HDL‐C and LDL‐C after 8 weeks in nattokinase group (‐10.85%, ‐6.3% respectively) but no statistically significant was noted. Conclusion: In adults with primary hypercholesterolemia, nattokinase is well tolerated and in combination with low cholesterol diet may have effects on the serum cholesterol profile.
621 Topical simvastatin for porokeratosis ptychotropica: a randomized, single-blind, split-body, placebo-controlled investigator-initiated trial$$$ Porokeratosis is a disorder of keratinization associated with heterozygous mutations of mevalonate pathway genes. Porokeratosis ptychotropica (PP) is a severe subtype of porokeratosis with a high percentage of malignant transformation and is resistant to treatment. Recently cases of other porokeratosis subtypes were reported to respond to topical statins, HMG‐CoA reductase inhibitors. Our study aimed to assess the efficacy and safety of topical simvastatin with or without cholesterol in PP. This was a single‐center, randomized, single‐blind, split‐body, placebo‐controlled, investigator‐initiated trial. Totally 15 adult patients histologically and genetically diagnosed with PP were randomly assigned to receive either 2% simvastatin cream (n=7) or 2% simvastatin/2% cholesterol cream (n=8) on randomized sides of the lesion twice daily for 8 weeks. After the preliminary assessment at week 8, both sides of the lesion were treated for an additional 40 weeks if improvement was observed. 85.7% (6/7) patients in the 2% simvastatin group and 87.6% (7/8) patients in the 2% simvastatin/2% cholesterol group were significantly improved on the treated side compared with the placebo side at week 8. Further improvements were obtained in all patients on two sides in the additional 40 weeks. Average pruritus VAS scores were decreased from 6.14 to 2.0 (P＜0.05) in the 2% simvastatin group and from 8.22 to 2.8 (P＜0.05) in the 2% simvastatin/2% cholesterol group at week 16. No treatment‐related adverse events were observed during the treatment. No significant difference in efficacy and safety was observed in the two groups. Based on our study, topical simvastatin is well tolerated and can efficiently relieve the erythema, thickness, scaling of the lesions, and pruritus in PP.
Vulvovaginal photodynamic therapy vs. topical corticosteroids in genital erosive lichen planus: a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background Genital erosive lichen planus (GELP) in women is a chronic inflammatory disease characterized by painful vulval and vaginal erosions. Topical photodynamic therapy (PDT) is increasingly used in premalignant and malignant diseases and may have an effect in inflammatory diseases. Objectives To assess the feasibility, efficacy and safety of hexyl 5‐aminolevulinate‐hydrocloride (HAL)‐PDT in GELP. Methods Forty women, diagnosed with GELP at a specialized vulva clinic, were randomized to one session HAL‐PDT in vulva and/or vagina (n = 20) or daily applications of clobetasol propionate 0.05% ointment in vulva and optional hydrocortisone acetate 1.0% foam in vagina for 6 weeks (n = 20). After 6 weeks, all patients were allowed to use topical corticosteroids as needed. Clinical examinations were performed at weeks 0, 6 and 24, using a clinical score developed for the study. All patients wrote a weekly log on pain, topical corticosteroid use and adverse events. Results Three patients, all in the corticosteroid group, withdrew from the study after 1‐3 weeks. The mean reduction in clinical scores was similar in the PDT group and the corticosteroid group$$$ 25% vs. 22% after 6 weeks (P = 0.787) and 35% vs. 38% after 24 weeks (P = 0.801). The mean reduction in pain visual analogue scale scores was 38% vs. 55% after 6 weeks (P = 0.286) and 39% vs. 12% after 24 weeks (P = 0.452). Patients in the PDT group reported significantly less topical corticosteroid use during weeks 7‐24 than those in the corticosteroid group. No major adverse events were reported. Conclusions Vulvovaginal HAL‐PDT seems to be an effective and safe treatment for GELP.
Exchanging a few commercial, regularly consumed food items with improved fat quality reduces total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol: a double-blind, randomised controlled trial$$$ The healthy Nordic diet has been previously shown to have health beneficial effects among subjects at risk of CVD. However, the extent of food changes needed to achieve these effects is less explored. The aim of the present study was to investigate the effects of exchanging a few commercially available, regularly consumed key food items (e.g. spread on bread, fat for cooking, cheese, bread and cereals) with improved fat quality on total cholesterol, LDL‐cholesterol and inflammatory markers in a double‐blind randomised, controlled trial. In total, 115 moderately hypercholesterolaemic, non‐statin‐treated adults (25‐70 years) were randomly assigned to an experimental diet group (Ex‐diet group) or control diet group (C‐diet group) for 8 weeks with commercially available food items with different fatty acid composition (replacing SFA with mostly n‐6 PUFA). In the Ex‐diet group, serum total cholesterol (P<0·001) and LDL‐cholesterol (P<0·001) were reduced after 8 weeks, compared with the C‐diet group. The difference in change between the two groups at the end of the study was ‐9 and ‐11 % in total cholesterol and LDL‐cholesterol, respectively. No difference in change in plasma levels of inflammatory markers (high‐sensitive C‐reactive protein, IL‐6, soluble TNF receptor 1 and interferon‐γ) was observed between the groups. In conclusion, exchanging a few regularly consumed food items with improved fat quality reduces total cholesterol, with no negative effect on levels of inflammatory markers. This shows that an exchange of a few commercially available food items was easy and manageable and led to clinically relevant cholesterol reduction, potentially affecting future CVD risk.
A double blind trial of nitroglycerin vasodilator ointment in patients undergoing cytotoxic chemotherapy$$$ A randomized double blind controlled trial has shown that topical, nitroglycerin vasodilator cream applied to the intended injection site in patients undergoing cytotoxic chemotherapy for various malignancies, produced detectable vasodilation and a decrease in minor aids to venepuncture compared to placebo. It did not decrease the number of attempts at cannulation needed nor the overall cannulation failure rate and cannot be recommended for general use in cytotoxic chemotherapy clinics.
Efficacy, Safety, and Long-Term Disease Control of Ruxolitinib Cream Among Adolescents with Atopic Dermatitis: pooled Results from Two Randomized Phase 3 Studies$$$ Background: Atopic dermatitis (AD), a highly pruritic, inflammatory skin disease, affects approximately 7% of adolescents globally. A topical formulation of ruxolitinib, a Janus kinase (JAK) 1/JAK2 inhibitor, demonstrated safety and efficacy among adolescents/adults in two phase 3 studies (TRuE‐AD1/TRuE‐AD2). Objective: To describe safety and efficacy of 1.5% ruxolitinib cream versus vehicle and long‐term disease control of ruxolitinib cream among adolescents aged 12–17 years from pooled phase 3 study data. Methods: Patients [≥ 12 years old with AD for ≥ 2 years, Investigator’s Global Assessment score (IGA) 2/3, and 3–20% affected body surface area (BSA) at baseline] were randomized 2:2:1 to ruxolitinib cream (0.75%/1.5%) or vehicle for 8 weeks of continuous use followed by a long‐term safety (LTS) period up to 52 weeks with as‐needed use. Patients originally applying vehicle were rerandomized 1:1 to 0.75%/1.5% ruxolitinib cream. Efficacy measures at week 8 included IGA treatment success (IGA‐TS$$$ i.e., score of 0/1 with ≥ 2 grade improvement from baseline), ≥ 75% improvement in Eczema Area and Severity Index (EASI‐75), and ≥ 4‐point improvement in itch numerical rating scale (NRS4). Measures of disease control during the LTS period included IGA score of 0 (clear) or 1 (almost clear) and percentage affected BSA. Safety was assessed throughout the study. Results: Of 1249 randomized patients, 245 (19.6%) were aged 12–17 years. Of these, 45 patients were randomized to vehicle and 92 patients to 1.5% ruxolitinib cream. A total of 104/137 (75.9%) patients continued on 1.5% ruxolitinib cream in the LTS period [82/92 (89.1%) continued on 1.5% ruxolitinib cream$$$ 22/45 (48.9%) patients on vehicle were reassigned to 1.5% ruxolitinib cream], and 83/104 (79.8%) of these patients completed the LTS period. At week 8, substantially more patients who applied 1.5% ruxolitinib cream versus vehicle achieved IGA‐TS (50.6% versus 14.0%), EASI‐75 (60.9% versus 34.9%), and NRS4 (52.1% versus 17.4%$$$ P = 0.009). The mean (SD) reduction in itch NRS scores was significantly greater in patients applying 1.5% ruxolitinib cream versus vehicle from day 2 [− 0.9 (1.9) versus −0.2 (1.4)$$$ P = 0.03]. During the LTS period, mean (SD) trough steady‐state ruxolitinib plasma concentrations at weeks 12/52 were 27.2 (55.7)/15.5 (31.5) nM. The percentage of patients achieving IGA score of 0 or 1 was sustained or further increased with 1.5% ruxolitinib cream$$$ mean affected BSA was generally low (< 3%$$$ i.e., mild disease). Through 52 weeks, application site reactions occurred in 1.8% of adolescent patients applying 1.5% ruxolitinib cream at any time$$$ no patients had serious adverse events. There were no serious infections, malignancies, major adverse cardiovascular events, or thromboembolic events. Conclusions: Meaningful anti‐inflammatory and antipruritic effects were demonstrated with 1.5% ruxolitinib cream in the subset of adolescent patients with AD, comparable with those observed in the overall study population$$$ long‐term, as‐needed use maintained disease control and was well tolerated. Clinical Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov identifiers NCT03745638 (registered 19 November 2018) and NCT03745651 (registered 19 November 2018).
Effects of mycophenolate mofetil, methotrexate and pimecrolimus on cdk4 and p16 in erosive oral lichen planus$$$ Background: This study evaluated the effect of mycophenolate mofetil, methotrexate, and pimecrolimus on the expression of cdk4 and p16, important proteins implicated in hyperproliferation and arrest in the G1 phase, in oral lichen planus (OLP). Materials and Methods: In this randomized clinical trial, 60 patients were randomly assigned in three equal groups to receive either pimecrolimus cream, or mycophenolate mofetil or methotrexate, both supplemented with pimecrolimus. Pretreatment and post‐treatment specimens were immunohistochemically stained for detecting cdk4 and p16. Results: A significant decrease in cdk4 cytoplasmic positivity was noted in all three treatment groups and was especially more significant in the MTX group (P < 0.0001) than in the other two groups (P <.001). However, a significant decrease in the cdk4 nuclear staining was noted with only systemic treatment groups of MMF (P < 0.05) and MTX (P < 0.01), both supplemented with pimecrolimus. No significant decrease in cytoplasmic p16 levels was noted in the MTX group while a significant decrease in cytoplasmic p16 levels was noted in the other two groups$$$ however, no significant decrease in p16 nuclear staining was noted with any treatment. Conclusion: By decreasing the expression of cdk4 and p16, pimecrolimus, methotrexate, and mycophenolate mofetil decrease the malignant potential of OLP lesions. However, methorexate can be a better alternative in cases showing high cdk4 expression.
Effects of pimecrolimus versus triamcinolone on Langerhans cells after UV exposure$$$ BACKGROUND/PURPOSE: Pimecrolimus is a topical immunomodulator for atopic dermatitis. Concerns regarding malignancy risk resulted in its black box warning in 2006. The purpose of this study is to determine the effects of pimecrolimus on Langerhans cells (LC), mediators of the cutaneous immunity UV‐irradiated skin. METHODS: A RCT was conducted investigating pimecrolimus 1% cream vs triamcinolone 0.1% cream on UV‐irradiated epidermal LC on 20 healthy volunteers. Punch biopsies were stained with antibodies to CD1a, HLADR and CD83. RESULTS: Triamcinolone caused more depletion in UV‐irradiated CD1a(+) epidermis relative to pimecrolimus treatment. (P=0.030). Using HLA‐DR as a pan‐marker for APCs, pimecrolimus caused marginally less depletion than triamcinolone (P=0.013). Using anti‐CD83 as a maturation marker, UV‐irradiated skin treated with pimecrolimus showed more mature LC than skin treated with triamcinolone (P=0.00090). CONCLUSION: UV‐induced changes in LC are minimally affected by pimecrolimus, compared with triamcinolone.
Sustained reduction in skin biopsies after 5-FU treatment$$$ The risk of malignant transformation of actinic keratosis (AK) without intervention has been reported to be 0.1‐0.6% per year, and AKs are treated for their malignant potential. We sought to estimate the risk of clinically‐suspicious transformation of AKs as measured by biopsy rate, when treatment of an individual AK with cryotherapy was allowed. This prospective cohort study was part of a controlled trial where 937 participants were randomized to a single 2‐4 week course of topical 5‐fluorouracil (5‐FU) 5% cream or vehicle control cream applied to the face and ears. Blinded dermatologists performed skin examinations every 6 months on 319 participants [153 participants (48%) in the 5‐FU group], marking AKs and lesions‐to‐be‐biopsied. After marking, standard photographs of the face and ears were obtained, and were later used to map and track the presence, absence, or biopsy of each AK identified at baseline. After examination and photography, some individual AKs were treated (usually with cryotherapy) at the clinician's discretion. At baseline, a total of 2,396 AKs were identified on the face or ears of 283 participants. 36 participants (11%) had no AKs at baseline. The mean follow‐up duration from baseline was 29.5 months (range 0 to 42). The biopsy rate of baseline AKs per year was 0.46% [95% confidence interval (CI): 0.32‐0.67%]. The 5‐FU group had fewer biopsies than the control group [hazard ratio (HR): 0.42, 95% CI: 0.18‐0.96]. AKs on the nose were more often biopsied than the AKs on the other areas of the face or ears (HR: 5.0, 95% CI: 2.1‐11.8). Our results quantify the biopsy rate of clinically diagnosed AKs when cryotherapy is allowed, and indicate that a single course of topical 5‐FU cream may reduce the biopsy rate by more than half over the following 2.5 years.
Probiotic consumption does not enhance the cholesterol-lowering effect of soy in postmenopausal women$$$ Numerous studies report that soy lowers cholesterol. Probiotic bacteria were also reported to lower total cholesterol (TC) and LDL cholesterol (LDL‐C). We hypothesized that by altering intestinal microflora, probiotic consumption may also change phytoestrogen metabolism and enhance the effects of soy. To evaluate the independent and interactive effects of probiotic bacteria and soy on plasma TC, LDL‐C, HDL cholesterol (HDL‐C), and triglycerides (TG), 37 women with a baseline TC of 5.24 mmol/L were given the following 4 treatments for 6 wk each in a randomized crossover design: soy protein isolate (26 +/‐ 5 g soy protein containing 44 +/‐ 8 mg isoflavones/d)$$$ soy protein isolate + probiotic capsules (10(9) colony‐forming units Lactobacillus acidophilus DDS‐1 and Bifidobacterium longum)$$$ milk protein isolate (26 +/‐ 5 g milk protein/d)$$$ and milk protein isolate + probiotic. Soy consumption decreased plasma TC by 2.2% (P = 0.02) and LDL‐C by 3.5% (P = 0.005), increased HDL‐C by 4.2% (P = 0.006) and tended to decrease TG (P = 0.07) compared with milk protein intake. When divided according to initial TC concentration, soy effects were observed only in hypercholesterolemic women (TC > 5.17 mmol/L). In this subgroup, soy treatments decreased plasma TC by 3.3% (P = 0.01), LDL‐C by 4.5% (P = 0.004), and TG by 10.6% (P = 0.02), and increased HDL‐C by 4.2% (P = 0.02). When subjects were divided on the basis of plasma and urine concentrations of the isoflavone metabolite, equol, equol producers and nonproducers did not differ in baseline lipids or in the effects of soy. Probiotics did not lower cholesterol or enhance the effects of soy. These results confirm a beneficial effect of soy on plasma cholesterol in mildly hypercholesterolemic postmenopausal women independent of equol production status, but do not support an independent or additive effect of these particular probiotic bacteria.
A double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial compares the cholesterol-lowering effects of two different soy protein preparations in hypercholesterolemic subjects$$$ BACKGROUND: Soy protein is effective in lowering plasma cholesterol, LDL cholesterol and triglyceride concentrations. It has not been conclusively answered, whether and to what extent other soy constituents may also contribute to this effect. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the change in blood lipid levels after application of two soy‐based supplements containing soy protein either without (SuproSoy) or with (Abacor) soy fiber and phospholipids in a randomized placebo‐controlled triplearmed study. METHODS: 121 hypercholesterolemic adults (66 females, 55 males) were recruited and randomly assigned to one of three treatments. Over 8 weeks they received daily either 25 g soy protein (as a component of the supplements Abacor or SuproSoy) or 25 g milk protein (as a component of placebo). Serum lipids were measured at baseline and after 4, 6 and 8 weeks. RESULTS: After 8 weeks of supplementation total cholesterol levels were reduced by 8.0 +/‐ 9.6% (Abacor) and 3.4 +/‐ 8.3% (SuproSoy)$$$ LDL cholesterol levels by 9.7 +/‐ 11.7% (Abacor) and 5.4 +/‐ 11.6% (SuproSoy)$$$ and Apolipoprotein B levels by 6.9 +/‐ 14.6% (Abacor) and 4.0 +/‐ 12.4 % (SuproSoy). Serum levels of HDL cholesterol and triglycerides remained unchanged. CONCLUSIONS: A preparation combining isolated soy protein with soy fibers and phospholipids showed twice the lipid‐lowering effect of a preparation containing isolated soy protein alone. Therefore, such soy‐based supplements can be useful in reducing the cardiovascular risk.
What data suggests that protein may be effective for weight loss?$$$ What enables people to effectively manage weight following weight loss has not been adequately identified. Changes in dietary patterns and impact on weight loss were evaluated during Phase I (P1) of the Weight Loss Maintenance (WLM) clinical trial and during Phase II (P2), the maintenance phase. Successful weight loss participants (n≤828) from P1 were randomized to a control group or one of two maintenance interventions in P2 and followed for an additional 30 months. Interventions focused on long term maintenance of weight using the Dietary Approaches to Hypertension (DASH) diet. The DASH diet contains somewhat higher protein content (18% energy), mainly through the use of lower fat dairy products. Main outcome measures were changes in food group and macronutrient intake. Substitution of protein for fat (est β ‐0.33, ‐0.07), of protein for carbohydrates (est β ‐0.18, ‐0.05), of carbohydrates for fat (est β ‐0.19, ‐0.03), and increased intake of fruits/vegetables (est β ‐0.29, ‐0.04) were all associated with weight loss during both phases (P<0.01). Increasing dairy intake was associated with weight loss during P2 (est β ‐0.17, P≤0.002). Increasing fruits, vegetables, and low‐fat dairy may be a part of a calorie controlled diet that helps to achieve weight loss and maintain it over time. Protein apparently substitutes well for both carbohydrates and fat and is reported to be a satiating factor in weight loss diets.
Cream or foam in pedal skin care: towards the ideal vehicle for urea used against dry skin$$$ The aim of this study was to evaluate different urea‐containing cosmetic preparations designed for foot care regarding skin occlusion. The primary aim was therefore to screen the short‐term transepidermal water loss (TEWL) as a parameter for skin barrier function and skin occlusion and to characterize the relative role of the vehicle, i.e. cream or foam in the context of cosmetics containing urea in the 2‐10% range addressing the cosmetic products urea 2% cream (GEHWOL FUSSKRAFT blau), petrolatum containing cream (GEHWOL med Schrundensalbe), urea 10% cream (GEHWOL med Lipidro‐Crème), urea 10% foam (Allpresan Fuss Schaum) and vaseline (positive control) compared with an untreated area on the volar forearms of volunteers. Moreover, the short time (24 h) kinetics regarding the moisturizing effect of cream and foam formulations in diabetic patients were compared. The efficacy of a cream on reduction of skin thickness of hyperkeratotic skin in the heel region before and after a period of product application was also evaluated. In some of the trials, healthy individuals and in others, diabetic patients (type I and II) were enrolled. TEWL was determined before product application, as well as at given points of time thereafter. In this study, no excessive occlusion effects comparable with a blockage of the skin's natural water evaporation could be observed for any of the test products. To the extent to be expected, this was found neither for the cream products nor for the foam product. Slightly lowered TEWL values after application of the 10% urea cream can be interpreted as a beneficial effect in terms of an improved barrier function. Regarding skin moisture, the urea‐containing cream formulation appeared equal or slightly superior to the foam formulation. The thickness of the horny layer was found reduced after application of 10 % urea‐containing cream. At present it looks as if cream vehicles would still be vehicles of choice in general, when it comes to the formulation of skin care preparations for not only dry skin but also in the context of pedal skin care.
Study of topical phenytoin for diabetic ulcers$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Topical phenytoin 1% cream: Topical phenytoin cream (1 tongue shaped amount to be applied with finger) shall be applied over the diabetic ulcer topically once a day Control Intervention1: Saline dressing: Normal saline dressings will be applied topically by the participants once a day over the diabetic wound. CONDITION: Health Condition 1: E086‐ Diabetes mellitus due to underlying condition with other specified complications PRIMARY OUTCOME: Incidence of complete ulcer healingTimepoint: 8 weeks SECONDARY OUTCOME: Incidence of adverse effectsTimepoint: 8 weeks Percentage reduction in total ulcer surface areaTimepoint: 8 weeks Time to achieve complete wound closureTimepoint: 8 weeks INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Men or women aged 18 years old or older, with type 1 or 2 diabetes mellitus. 2. Single full‐thickness plantar ulcer of the lower extremity (below the knee) extending through the epidermis and dermis, but not involving bone, tendons, ligaments or muscles (grade IA or II as defined by University of Texas Diabetic Wound Classification). 3. Chronic ulcer of at least si Xweeks despite appropriate wound care. 4. Ulcer area (greatest length by greatest width), following sharp debridement, of 1 to 40 cmÂ², both inclusive. 5. Well controlled infection or cellulitis (with systemic antibiotic therapy). 6. Peripheral neuropathy as assessed by Semmes‐Weinstein monofilament test 7. Adequate arterial blood supply, to be measured by ankle brachial pressure inde X> 0.60, OR ankle systolic pressure > 70 mmHg OR toe pressure > 30 mmHg. Ankle brachial pressure inde Xshould be lower than 1.3 (which is frequently related to m
Results from two repeated 5 day dietary records with a 1 y interval among patients with colorectal polyps$$$ BACKGROUND: Dietary factors are known to be associated with initiation and development of colorectal cancer (CRC), and also with CRC's major precursor, the colorectal polyp. In long‐term intervention studies on colorectal polyps, dietary changes may therefore affect potential effects of the study intervention. OBJECTIVE: To examine potential dietary changes among polyp‐patients randomly selected from a 3 y intervention study after 1 y. DESIGN AND SUBJECTS: Of 116 polyp‐bearing out‐patients (50% men), aged 50‐76 y, who participated in the double‐blind 3 y placebo‐controlled endoscopic follow‐up and intervention study against growth and recurrence of polyps, 30 patients were randomised (strata: sex, age and polyp size) to perform a repeated 5 day dietary record by weighing after 1 y. The patients received a daily mixture of vitamin C (150 mg), alpha‐tocopherol (75 mg), beta‐carotene (15 mg), selenium (101 microg) and calcium (1.6 g) or placebo (lactose) for a period of 3 y with annual colonoscopic examinations and polyps size measurements to test if the mixture was able to reduce polyp growth and recurrence. Polyps of >9 mm were removed, whereas the remainders and new discoveries of polyps <9 mm were left in situ until the end of the study. RESULTS: Twenty‐nine patients agreed to perform the repeated 5 day dietary record, and 86% performed the second record within 48‐58 weeks after the first record. The results showed that, with the exception of vitamin D, milk and milk products, no significant differences were found between the two records. The median value of the Spearman's correlation coefficient for energy and energy‐yielding nutrients was 0.66, for vitamins and minerals 0.58, and for foods 0.58. Individual differences between the records were found for most variables, but most of these were negligible. CONCLUSION: After 1 y, no major dietary changes were found which could be associated with a changed susceptibly for malignancy, and thereby affect potential effects of the study intervention. We may thus suggest that a potential changed susceptibility towards growth and recurrence of polyps, is due to the specific intervention, and not due to other major dietary changes.
Oral bovine colostrum supplementation does not increase circulating insulin-like growth factor-1 concentration in healthy adults: results from short- and long-term administration studies$$$ Purpose: Bovine colostrum is available in health food shops and as a sports food supplement and is rich in antibodies and growth factors including IGF‐1. World Anti‐Doping Agency advises athletes against taking colostrum for fear of causing increased plasma IGF‐1. There are also concerns that colostrum may theoretically stimulate malignancy in organs which express IGF‐1 receptors. We, therefore, determined changes in plasma IGF‐1 levels in subjects taking colostrum or placebo for 1 day, 4 weeks, and 12 weeks. Methods: Plasma IGF1 levels were determined in healthy males (n = 16) who ingested 40 g bovine colostrum or placebo along with undertaking moderate exercise for total period of 4.5 h. Two further studies followed changes in IGF1 using double‐blind, parallel group, placebo‐controlled, randomized trials of colostrum or placebo (N = 10 per arm, 20 g/day for 4 weeks and N = 25 colostrum, N = 29 placebo arm 20 g/day for 12 weeks). Results: Baseline IGF1 levels 130 ± 36 ng/ml. 4.5 h protocol showed no effect of colostrum on plasma IGF1 (ANOVA, treatment group: p = 0.400, group × time: p = 0.498, time p = 0.602). Similarly, no effect of colostrum ingestion was seen following 4 week (ANOVA, group: p = 0.584, group × time interaction: p = 0.083, time p = 0.243) or 12 week (ANOVA, group: p = 0.400, group × time interaction: p = 0.498, time p = 0.602) protocol. Conclusions: Ingestion of standard recommended doses of colostrum does not increase IGF‐1 levels in healthy adults, providing additional support for the safety profile of colostrum ingestion.
Postprandial Fatty Acid Profile, but Not Cardiometabolic Risk Markers, Is Modulated by Dairy Fat Manipulation in Adults with Moderate Cardiovascular Disease Risk: the Randomized Controlled REplacement of SaturatEd fat in dairy on Total cholesterol (RESET) Study$$$ BACKGROUND: Chronic consumption of dairy products with an SFA‐reduced, MUFA‐enriched content was shown to impact favorably on brachial artery flow‐mediated dilatation (FMD). However, their acute effect on postprandial cardiometabolic risk biomarkers requires investigation. OBJECTIVE: The effects of sequential high‐fat mixed meals rich in fatty acid (FA)‐modified or conventional (control) dairy products on postprandial FMD (primary outcome) and systemic cardiometabolic biomarkers in adults with moderate cardiovascular risk (≥50% above the population mean) were compared. METHODS: In a randomized crossover trial, 52 participants [mean ± SEM age: 53 ± 2 y$$$ BMI (kg/m2) 25.9 ± 0.5] consumed a high‐dairy‐fat breakfast (0 min$$$ ∼50 g total fat: modified: 25 g SFAs, 20 g MUFAs$$$ control: 32 g SFAs, 12 g MUFAs) and lunch (330 min$$$ ∼30 g total fat$$$ modified: 15 g SFAs, 12 g MUFAs$$$ control: 19 g SFAs, 7 g MUFAs). Blood samples were obtained before and until 480 min after breakfast, with FMD assessed at 0, 180, 300, and 420 min. Data were analyzed by linear mixed models. RESULTS: Postprandial changes in cardiometabolic biomarkers were comparable between the different dairy meals, with the exception of a tendency for a 4% higher AUC for the %FMD response following the modified‐dairy‐fat meals (P = 0.075). Plasma total lipid FA analysis revealed that incremental AUC responses were 53% lower for total SFAs, 214% and 258% higher for total cis‐MUFAs (predominantly cis‐9 18:1), and trans‐18:1, respectively, following the modified relative to the control dairy meals (all P < 0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: In adults at moderate cardiovascular risk, acute consumption of sequential high‐fat meals containing FA‐modified dairy products had little impact on postprandial endothelial function or systemic cardiometabolic biomarkers, but a differential effect on the plasma total lipid FA profile, relative to conventional dairy fat meals.This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02089035.
An adequate calcium intake could help achieve weight loss in overweight/obese women following hypocaloric diets$$$ AIM: To investigate the effect of calcium (Ca) intake and dairy product consumption modification on body composition in overweight/obese women following two types of hypocaloric diet. METHODS: Study subjects were 57 women who were randomly assigned to follow one of two hypocaloric diets: diet V, in which the relative consumption of vegetables was increased, and diet C, which involved increasing the relative consumption of cereals (especially breakfast cereals). Dietetic and anthropometric data were collected at the start and at the end of the 6‐week intervention period. RESULTS: Ca density, Ca index of nutritional quality and Ca/protein improved with both diets. Dairy products, Ca intake, dairy Ca intake and Ca/protein were inversely correlated with body mass index at the end of the study. Among the women with an initial calcium intake below the 50th percentile, those who achieved a reduction in body mass index above the 50th percentile were those who most increased their total calcium intake, calcium intake from dairy sources, calcium density, calcium/protein ratio and the intake of total and skimmed dairy product consumption. CONCLUSION: Correcting an inadequate calcium intake could help improve weight loss in women following hypocaloric diets.
A pilot study to determine the short-term effects of milk with differing glycaemic properties on sleep among toddlers: a randomised controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Sleep is important for children as it directly impacts their mental and physical development. Sleep is not only influenced by the timing but also the macronutrient (carbohydrate and protein) content of meals. Glycaemic index (GI) and glycaemic load (GL) describe the quality of carbohydrates in a food and the burden of these foods on the body's blood glucose response. Diets with a high GI/GL may increase the risk of developing obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus in adulthood. The present study is piloted to evaluate the short‐term impact of milk products with differing glycaemic properties on the sleep patterns of toddlers. METHODS: Toddlers were recruited from various day care centres. Informed consent was obtained from both the mothers and the centres. A double‐blind randomised controlled trial with a between‐subjects design was adopted. The toddlers were randomised to either one of two types of milk with a differing GI ("Low" = 23 and "High = 65") for a period of 3.5 days. There were no other dietary restrictions imposed except that the enrolled child did not consume any other milk during the study period. The sleep patterns were recorded using a Phillips Actiwatch‐2, which was worn on the wrist for 24 h over 4 days. The parameters used to measure the sleep pattern were sleep‐onset latency (SOL), total sleep time (TST), wake after sleep onset (WASO) and sleep efficiency (SE). RESULTS: A total of 56 toddlers completed the study. The toddlers had a mean age of 19.9 ± 4.3 months. There were no significant differences (p > 0.05) between the two GI groups for SOL, TST, WASO and SE at the end of the feeding period. CONCLUSIONS: Sleep patterns of toddlers on low‐GI milk did not differ from those with high‐GI milk consumed over a short period. Future studies should consider the glycaemic effects of other foods, along with milk with differing GI, consumed for a longer feeding duration. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrial.gov NCT01589003.
Nutritional and eating education improves knowledge and practice of patients with type 2 diabetes concerning dietary intake and blood glucose control in an outlying city of China$$$ OBJECTIVE: To describe the knowledge, attitudes and practices of type 2 diabetics in Yakeshi City and to assess the effect of implementation of nutritional and eating education in enhancing knowledge and practices regarding a healthy diet. DESIGN: A questionnaire‐based survey was conducted with 162 diabetics to determine their nutrition knowledge, attitudes and practices$$$ fifty‐four participants received nutritional and eating education for 6 months. Diabetes‐related nutrition knowledge, awareness, practice accuracy, dietary intake and glycaemic control were assessed before and after education. SETTING: Yakeshi, a remote city in northern China. SUBJECTS: A total of 162 type 2 diabetics recruited from three hospitals, fifty‐four of whom were selected randomly to receive education. RESULTS: Among the 162 respondents, most diabetics (75%) considered that controlling diet was important in the methods of controlling blood glucose. Scores for knowledge, practices and overall KAP (knowledge‐attitude‐practice) were low, but scores for attitude were high. Participants with diabetes education experiences, practice duration over 1 year or high education level all had higher scores for KAP (P < 0001, P < 005 and P < 0001, respectively) than their counterparts. After education, patients' nutrition knowledge, awareness and practice accuracy improved significantly (P < 005). The rates of patients with recommended daily intake of vegetables, grains and dairy were boosted (P < 005). Various nutrient intakes increased (P < 005) but not protein, Fe, Zn and Se. Significant improvements were also found in glycaemic control (P < 005). CONCLUSIONS: Diabetics in Yakeshi had positive attitudes, but relatively poor nutrition knowledge and practices. Nutritional and eating education was effective in improving diabetics' nutrition knowledge and practices, and this optimal practice helped them control blood glucose effectively.
Dairy products, calcium and the risk of breast cancer: results of the French SU.VI.MAX prospective study$$$ The aim was to estimate the association between dairy products (total and their subgroups), calcium intake and the risk of breast cancer. As few studies have considered menopausal status, we also investigated stratified analyses. This analysis included 3,627 women from the French SU.VI.MAX study, among whom 92 developed breast cancer during the follow‐up period. Food consumption was assessed based on five 24‐hour records completed during the previous 18 months to follow‐up. Calcium intake was calculated using an ad‐hoc food composition database. Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate relative risk (RR), comparing 4th quartile vs. 1st quartile, and 95% confidence intervals (95% CI). A lower risk of breast cancer was observed with high total dairy product consumption in the whole population (RR = 0.55, 95% CI = 0.29‐1.03, p(trend) = 0.03) and among premenopausal women with a RR of 0.35 (95% CI = 0.12‐0.95, p(trend) = 0.01). None of these associations remained after control for calcium intake. Increasing calcium intake was inversely associated with breast cancer risk considering the whole population (RR = 0.50, 95% CI = 0.27‐0.91, p(trend) = 0.04) and among the subgroup of premenopausal women (RR = 0.26, 95% CI = 0.10‐0.71, p(trend) = 0.01) respectively. Our data support the hypothesis that dairy products, through calcium content or a correlated component, might have a negative association with the risk of breast cancer, particularly among premenopausal women.
Unpasteurized milk consumption and subsequent risk of cancer$$$ Concerns have been raised regarding the possible adverse health effects of consumption of unpasteurized milk and risk of cancer. We examined the association of self‐reported intake of unpasteurized milk with subsequent risk of cancer in a large population‐based cohort study. The Iowa Women's Health Study is a prospective cohort study of 55‐69 year old women at baseline in 1986. Of the 41,836 women in the cohort at baseline, 22,808 cancer‐free women completed the fourth follow‐up questionnaire in 1997. Risk ratios (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) were calculated using Cox proportional hazards regression analysis. Reported intake of unpasteurized milk was high: 59.2% consumed only as a child, 2.5% consumed only as an adult, and 16.5% consumed as a child and an adult. A total of 2,379 cancers were identified in the cohort at risk. Overall, the age‐adjusted risk of cancer was lower among women who reported consumption of unpasteurized milk only as a child (RR = 0.90, 95% CI: 0.82‐0.99) or as a child and an adult (RR = 0.85$$$ 95% CI: 0.75‐0.97). Adjustment for confounding factors attenuated these associations (RR = 0.92, 95% CI: 0.83‐1.02 for consumption only as a child, and RR = 0.91$$$ 95% CI: 0.79‐1.04 for consumption as a child and an adult). These data suggest that consumption of unpasteurized milk does not increase risk of cancer.
The impact of milk protein glycation on muscle protein synthesis after resistance training in healthy young men$$$ INTERVENTION: All subjects will perform a single bout of whole‐body resistance‐type exercise. Subsequently, subjects will ingest a beverage containing water, low glycated milk protein (5% blocked lysine), or high glycated milk protein (50% blocked lysine). CONDITION: Spieropbouw na inspanning $$$ building muscle protein $$$ Muscle protein synthesis PRIMARY OUTCOME: The primary endpoint will be mixed muscle protein synthesis rates over the full $$$ assessment period (6h h), as determined using contemporary stable isotope $$$ tracer methodology combined with multiple muscle and blood samples. $$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: To compare the impact of low versus high protein glycation on peak plasma $$$ lysine concentration, overall plasma amino acid responses, plasma insulin‐, and $$$ glucose responses. $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ Males ‐ Aged between 18‐35 years ‐ Healthy, recreationally active (participating in recreational sports activities * 1 and * 6 h per week, with a maximum of 2 h resistance‐type exercise) ‐ 18.5 * BMI * 30 kg/m2 ‐ No physical limitations (i.e. able to perform all activities associated with daily living in an independent manner).
The impact of milk protein glycation on protein digestion and absorption in healthy young men$$$ INTERVENTION: All subjects will perform two experiments in a double‐blinded, randomized order: ingest 40 g of milk protein with 5% glycation level in 600 mL water, or 40 g of milk protein with 50% glycation level in 600 mL water. After ingestion, blood samples will be taken at regular intervals during a 6 hour period. CONDITION: Digestie en absorptie $$$ Digestion & absorption $$$ Protein breakdown & availability PRIMARY OUTCOME: The primary endpoint will be the appearance of milk protein‐derived amino acids $$$ in plasma over the full assessment period (6 h), as determined using stable $$$ isotope tracer methodology.$$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: To compare the impact of low versus high protein glycation on whole‐body $$$ protein kinetics (total rate of appearance, exogenous rate of appearance, $$$ endogenous rate of appearance, rate of disappearance), whole‐body protein $$$ metabolism (synthesis, breakdown, oxidation, net balance), peak plasma lysine $$$ concentration, overall plasma amino acid responses, plasma insulin‐, and $$$ glucose responses. $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ Males ‐ Aged between 18‐35 years ‐ Healthy, recreationally active (participating in recreational sports activities * 1 and * 6 h per week, with a maximum of 2 h resistance‐type exercise) ‐ 18.5 * BMI * 30 kg/m2 ‐ No physical limitations (i.e. able to perform all activities associated with daily living in an independent manner).
Effect of sour milk enriched with conjugated linoleic acid and probiotics on the concentrations of oxidized low density lipoproteins and glucose in the blood plasma of young people$$$ Studies of conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) in certain animal models show that it tends to reduce body fat, has an antidiabetic effect, and retards the process of atherosclerosis. However, controversial evidence in some studies in humans has shown that CLA supplementation does not change overall body fat mass, increases the concentration of low density lipoproteins (LDL), decreases concentration of high density lipoproteins (HDL), and induces insulin resistance and oxidative stress. On the contrary, probiotics, if consumed by a immunocompetent individuals in adequate amounts, have almost exclusively beneficial effects. The aim of our study was to evaluate the effect of sour milk products enriched with CLA and probiotics on the concentrations of oxidized LDL and glucose in the blood plasma of young people. The study was performed on 59 randomly selected, healthy, non‐obese young people divided in two groups: experimental and control. For 20 days, the experimental group (n=29) consumed 0.5 1/day of sour milk with CLA and probiotics. At the same time, the control group (n=30) consumed 0.5 1/day of sour milk with specific lactic acid lactococci strains and probiotics only. Before and after consumption of the product, body mass index (BMI) was calculated and blood samples were taken to investigate concentrations of oxidized LDL and glucose. The concentration of oxidized LDL in the experimental group increased from 34.19±14.14 to 47.63±13.57 U/1 (P=0.0007), and the concentration of glucose decreased from 4.79±0.04 to 4.53±0.34 mmol/1 (P=0.0001). The concentration of oxidized LDL in control group increased from 34.99±10.98 to 43.07±9.33 U/1 (P=0.004), and the concentration of glucose decreased from 4.57±0.38 to 4.30±0.36 mmol/1 (P=0.003). BMI did not change significantly in either group investigated. Sour milk enriched with CLA and probiotics increased the concentration of oxidized LDL in the blood plasma of young people more than sour milk without CLA. CLA possibly induced oxidative stress and lipid peroxidation. Sour milk enriched with CLA and probiotics has a positive effect on the metabolism of carbohydrates because it significantly decreased the concentration of glucose.
Application of Kailash Jeevan cream externally and internally in Burning feet$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Double group randomized clinical trial with Pre‐test and post‐test design : Two Groups Group A ‐ Externally application thrice a day for 15 days Group B ‐ Externally application thrice a day for 15 days and Internally 05gms twice a day for 15 days Control Intervention1: Not applicable: Not applicable CONDITION: Health Condition 1: E136‐ Other specified diabetes mellituswith other specified complications PRIMARY OUTCOME: After the completion of the study, daha(burning feet) will be reduced in the patients. $$$ Timepoint: 4weeks $$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: it will improve the Quality of Life of the patient.Timepoint: 4weeks INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients with or without type 2 DM Patients on Anti‐diabetic medications will be included. Patients of irrespective of sex, religion and socioeconomic status age between 25 ‐70 years.
Effect of a high dairy diet on serum antibody titers to heat shock protein 27 in overweight and obese children$$$ Objective: An immune response to heat shock proteins appears to be involved in atherogenesis. To date, there has been no report on the impact of dairy or calcium consumption on serum antibody titers to heat shock protein 27 (anti‐HSP27). We have investigated whether an increase in dairy food consumption is capable of affecting serum antibody titers to heat shock protein 27 (anti‐HSP27) level in children. Methods: Overweight and obese children (n=99, age: 12‐18 y, body mass index: 27‐40 kg/m2) were randomized to receive a calorie restricted diet providing a 500 kcal/d deficit from total energy expenditure and two (n=38), three (n=26) or four (n=35) servings of dairy products/day. Serum anti‐HSP27 level in addition to the serum hs‐CRP and lipid profile were measured at baseline and after 12 weeks. Findings: Serum anti‐HSP27 concentrations did not change significantly in any of the mentioned groups. Serum hs‐CRP and lipid profile did not change significantly either, apart from a significant increase in HDL‐cholesterol in the low‐dairy group. Conclusion: An increased intake of dairy products does not lead to a significant change in serum anti‐HSP27 level in overweight and obese children.
Effects of dairy foods in a moderate energy restricted diet on inflammatory markers and plasma zinc in overweight and obese adults$$$ Pro‐inflammatory cytokines and acute phase proteins are often elevated in obesity, while plasma Zn is often lower. Healthy overweight and obese (BMI = 28‐37) men (n=18) and women (n=53) were randomly assigned to an adequate dairy (AD: 3‐4 servings/d) or low dairy (LD: ≤ 1 serving/d) 12 wk controlled diet of 500 kcal/d reduction from baseline energy needs. Body fat (BF), lean body mass (LBM), and fasting levels of circulating insulin, leptin, adiponectin, IL1‐β, IL‐6, IL‐8, TNF‐α, PAI‐1, hsCRP and Zn were measured. Mean weight loss was 6.1 kg. Significant decreases (p<0.05) from baseline to 12 wk included body weight (6.8%), BF (14.2%), LBM (1.6%), insulin (12.2%), leptin (24.9%), PAI‐1 (12.7%) & hsCRP (22.8%). All decreases correlated with BF loss, but no differences were observed between AD & LD. Plasma Zn increased (p<0.05) in the AD group (9.5%), which was not explained by dietary Zn intake. IL1‐ β and IL‐6 changes were correlated with the change in LBM$$$ if LBM was conserved IL1‐ β and IL‐6 levels decreased (p<0.05). In summary, a modest weight loss of 6 kg over 12 wks improved markers of inflammation, and adding dairy foods to the weight loss diet increased plasma Zn.
Physiological factors influencing vitamin E biokinetics$$$ Limited information is available on factors that can influence vitamin E bioavailability. In several studies we have investigated the influence of dietary, biochemical, and genetic factors on vitamin E biokinetics. In these studies, subjects ingested a capsule containing 150 mg deuterated RRR‐alpha‐tocopheryl acetate, blood was taken up to 48 hr, and tocopherols were analyzed by liquid chromatography and mass spectroscopy. There was significantly greater plasma‐labeled alpha‐tocopherol concentrations when the capsule was consumed with a high‐fat meal (17.5 g) versus a low‐fat meal (2.7 g), and there was also a difference between a high‐fat toast and butter and a cereal with full‐fat milk meal (both 17.5 g fat), indicating that both the amount of fat and food matrix is important for vitamin E absorption. Dyslipidemic subjects displayed a reduced plasma uptake of newly absorbed alpha‐tocopherol, and differences were also apparent in individual lipoproteins. A decreased uptake of labeled alpha‐tocopherol was also observed in erythrocytes, platelets, and lymphocytes of dyslipidemics. Following vitamin E supplementation (400 mg/day, 4 weeks), the uptake of newly absorbed alpha‐tocopherol was decreased, presumably because of saturation of alpha‐tocopherol transfer protein. We also found that apoE3 subjects displayed a considerably reduced uptake of newly absorbed labeled alpha‐tocopherol compared to apoE4 subjects, which may be a consequence of the reduced low‐density lipoprotein catabolic rate in these subjects. Taken together, these data show that several physiological factors influence the uptake of newly absorbed alpha‐tocopherol, and that this is an important consideration in the design of future vitamin E supplementation studies.
A high dairy protein, high-calcium diet minimizes bone turnover in overweight adults during weight loss$$$ Weight loss induces bone resorption and this can be attenuated by calcium supplementation. Protein‐rich diets were recently associated with favorable effects on bone density, although this remains controversial. We hypothesized that a diet high in calcium and protein would minimize bone resorption during weight loss compared with a lower calcium, protein‐rich diet. The effects of dietary calcium in high protein diets on calcium excretion and bone metabolism were examined in overweight adults (n = 50, BMI 33.4 +/‐ 2.1 kg/m(2)) during 12 wk of energy restriction followed by 4 wk of energy balance. Subjects were randomly assigned to isoenergetic diets (5.5 MJ/d, 34% energy from protein, 41% carbohydrate, 24% fat) high in either dairy protein (DP, 2400 mg Ca/d) or mixed protein sources (MP, 500 mg Ca/d). During energy restriction, weight loss was 10% (‐9.7 +/‐ 3.8 kg, P < 0.01), and 24‐h urinary calcium excretion decreased independently of diet (‐1.09 +/‐ 0.23 mmol/d, P < 0.01). By wk 16, the MP diet group had a 40% greater increase in deoxypyridinoline (bone resorption marker) than the DP diet group (P = 0.008). Osteocalcin (bone formation marker) increased from wk 0 to 16 in only the MP diet group [+2.16 +/‐ 0.63 micro g/L (+0.63 +/‐ 0.11nmol/L), P = 0.001]. In conclusion, weight loss was associated with increased bone resorption, yet the DP diet had a modest advantage over the MP diet by minimizing overall turnover. Combined with reduced urinary calcium excretion, this suggests that a high‐protein, calcium‐replete diet may protect against bone loss during weight reduction.
A study to see the effects of honey to decrease high fever occurs because of drugs use to treat excess cell growth in suitable patients$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Experimental group (Arm A): Participants of this arm will be given 22.5‐ gram equivalent to 15.75 millilitres [@ 0.45gm/kg body weight: an average body weight of 50 kilogram] of same brand of honey per day by dividing into 3 times by mixing into warm water or milk during period of intervention (34 days) Control Intervention1: Control group (Arm B ): Participants of this arm will not receive any intervention and will follow the standard care of treatment. CONDITION: Health Condition 1: C760‐ Malignant neoplasm of head, face and neck Health Condition 2: C00‐C14‐ Malignant neoplasms of lip, oral cavity and pharyn X PRIMARY OUTCOME: Ã¢â??? To assess the efficacy of honey in reducing chemotherapy induced grade 3 or worse febrile neutropenia.Timepoint: 34 DAYS SECONDARY OUTCOME: Ã¢â??? Clinical data would be analysed to Grade anemia, thrombocytopenia and neutropenia. $$$ Ã¢â??? Incidence of febrile neutropenia would be reported in counts and percentages. $$$ Ã¢â??? The factors including duration of hospitalization and number of episodes of hospitalization) influenced by febrile neutropenia would be analyzedTimepoint: 34 DYAS INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1 Patients with head and neck cancer undergoing neo‐adjuvant chemotherapy 2 Age greater than 18 years 3 Patients who are willing to participate in the study and one fit for DCF or DC The Objective criteria as fit for DCF or DC will be as follows A ECOG Performance scale 02 B Normal organ function test values a Creatinine clearance greater than equal to 30ml per min b SGPT or SGOT less than equal to 3.5ULN c Hemoglobin greater than 8 gm d ANC equal to 1000 e Platelet equal to 1 lakh
Effect of isoflavone soy protein supplementation on endometrial thickness, hyperplasia, and endometrial cancer risk in postmenopausal women: a randomized controlled trial$$$ OBJECTIVE: This study aims to determine whether long‐term isoflavone soy protein (ISP) supplementation affects endometrial thickness and rates of endometrial hyperplasia and cancer in postmenopausal women. METHODS: In this randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial, 350 postmenopausal women aged 45 to 92 years were randomized to a total daily dose of 154 mg of ISP or a milk protein‐matched placebo for a 3‐year period. Women with a surgically absent uterus were excluded from the analysis (final study population, N = 224). The main outcome measures were as follows: mean change in endometrial thickness on transvaginal ultrasound from baseline until up to 36 months of follow‐up and the incidence of endometrial sampling, endometrial hyperplasia, and endometrial cancer. RESULTS: A total of 666 visits among 224 participants were evaluated. Treatment groups did not significantly differ on the mean baseline or on‐trial changes in endometrial thickness. Of the 103 placebo‐treated participants, 7 (6.8%) underwent endometrial biopsy$$$ 6 (85.7%) of these biopsies were benign. One woman in the placebo group was diagnosed with complex endometrial hyperplasia with atypia and underwent hysterectomy. The pathology result from this surgical operation was stage IB endometrial cancer. Of the 121 participants in the soy group, 9 (7.4%) underwent endometrial biopsy. The results were benign in all nine cases (100%). Although the rate of hyperplasia/malignancy was higher in the placebo group (14.3% vs 0%), the difference was not statistically significant. CONCLUSIONS: Three‐year ISP supplementation has no effect on endometrial thickness or on the rates of endometrial hyperplasia and cancer in postmenopausal women.
Effect of a cheese rich in angiotensin-converting enzyme-inhibiting peptides (Gamalost(®)) and a Gouda-type cheese on blood pressure: results of a randomised trial$$$ BACKGROUND: High blood pressure (BP) is the leading risk factor for global disease burden, contributing to 7% of global disability adjusted life years. Angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE)‐inhibiting bioactive peptides have the potential to reduce BP in humans. These peptides have been identified in many dairy products and have been associated with significant reductions in BP. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this trial was to examine whether a cheese rich in ACE‐inhibiting peptides (Gamalost(®)), or a standard Gouda‐type cheese could lower BP. DESIGN: A total of 153 healthy participants were randomised to one of three parallel arms: Gamalost(®) (n=53, 50 g/day for 8 weeks), Gouda‐type cheese (n=50, 80 g/day for 8 weeks), and control (n=50). BP and anthropometric measurements were taken at the baseline and at the end, with an additional BP measurement midway. Based on BP at baseline, participants were categorised as having optimal BP (<120/<80 mmHg), normal‐high BP (120‐139/80‐89 mmHg), or being hypertensive (>140/>90 mmHg). Questionnaires about lifestyle, health, and dietary habits were completed at baseline, midway and end. RESULTS: In total, 148 participants (mean age 43, 52% female) completed the intervention. There were no differences among the three groups in relevant baseline characteristics. BP was reduced in the entire study population, but the cheese groups did not differ from control. However, in a subgroup of participants with slightly elevated BP, BP at 4 weeks of intervention seemed to be borderline significantly more reduced in the Gamalost(®) group compared with the control group (Dunnett test: diastolic BP ‐3.5 mmHg, 95% confidence interval (CI) ‐7.3, 0.4, systolic BP: ‐4.3 mmHg, 95% CI ‐9.8, 1.1). CONCLUSION: An intention‐to‐treat analysis of the data showed no cheese effect upon BP compared to control, but Gamalost(®) seemed to have a small, non‐significant lowering effect on diastolic BP after 4 weeks in people with a normal‐high BP.
Effect of a cheese rich in angiotensin-converting enzyme-inhibiting peptides (Gamalost((R))) and a Gouda-type cheese on blood pressure: results of a randomised trial$$$ Background: High blood pressure (BP) is the leading risk factor for global disease burden, contributing to 7% of global disability adjusted life years. Angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE)‐inhibiting bioactive peptides have the potential to reduce BP in humans. These peptides have been identified in many dairy products and have been associated with significant reductions in BP. Objective: The objective of this trial was to examine whether a cheese rich in ACE‐inhibiting peptides (Gamalost®), or a standard Gouda‐type cheese could lower BP. Design: A total of 153 healthy participants were randomised to one of three parallel arms: Gamalost® (n=3, 50 g/day for 8 weeks), Gouda‐type cheese (n=0, 80 g/day for 8 weeks), and control (n=0). BP and anthropometric measurements were taken at the baseline and at the end, with an additional BP measurement midway. Based on BP at baseline, participants were categorised as having optimal BP (<120/ <80 mmHg), normal‐high BP (120‐139/80‐89 mmHg), or being hypertensive (>140/>90 mmHg). Questionnaires about lifestyle, health, and dietary habits were completed at baseline, midway and end. Results: In total, 148 participants (mean age 43, 52% female) completed the intervention. There were no differences among the three groups in relevant baseline characteristics. BP was reduced in the entire study population, but the cheese groups did not differ from control. However, in a subgroup of participants with slightly elevated BP, BP at 4 weeks of intervention seemed to be borderline significantly more reduced in the Gamalost® group compared with the control group (Dunnett test: diastolic BP ‐3.5 mmHg, 95% confidence interval (CI) ‐7.3, 0.4, systolic BP: ‐4.3 mmHg, 95% CI ‐9.8, 1.1). Conclusion: An intention‐to‐treat analysis of the data showed no cheese effect upon BP compared to control, but Gamalost® seemed to have a small, non‐significant lowering effect on diastolic BP after 4 weeks in people with a normal‐high BP.
Effect of soy protein and isoflavones on blood pressure and endothelial cytokines: a 6-month randomized controlled trial among postmenopausal women$$$ BACKGROUND: Despite data from animal models and observational studies that are generally supportive for the soy/isoflavones lowering blood pressure (BP) and improving vascular function, the current findings from clinical trials are still inconclusive. OBJECTIVES: To examine whether soy protein with isoflavones or isoflavones alone reduce BP and endothelial cytokines, and whether the effects differed by baseline BP level. METHODS: A double‐blind randomized, placebo‐controlled trial was conducted among 180 postmenopausal Chinese women with mild hyperglycemia. Participants were randomly assigned to one of the three arms to receive either 15 g soy protein and 100 mg isoflavones (Soy group), or 15 g milk protein and 100 mg isoflavones (Iso group), or 15 g milk protein (placebo group) on a daily basis for 6 months. RESULTS: No significant difference was observed in the change and %change of BP and endothelial cytokine levels among the three study groups. However, a subgroup analysis among 130 pre and hypertensive women suggested that soy protein and isoflavones significantly reduced SBP [‐4.25%, 95% confidence interval (CI) ‐7.9 to ‐0.6%, P = 0.02] and the level of soluble intercellular adhesion molecule (sICAM)‐1 (‐22.6%, 95% CI ‐42.8 to ‐2.3%, P = 0.02) relative to milk protein after 6‐month intervention. CONCLUSIONS: : Our 6‐month randomized controlled trial in prediabetic postmenopausal women indicated that soy protein and isoflavones had no significant effect on BP and endothelial molecules$$$ however, a favorable reduction on SBP, sICAM‐1 and E‐selectin was observed among women with initial elevated BP.
Comparison of the effects of cow's milk, fortified soy milk, and calcium supplement on plasma adipocytokines in overweight or obese women$$$ Background: Obesity is an escalating public health problem. Adipose tissue synthesizes and secretes a variety of biological molecules, termed adipcytokines, that may contribute to obesity‐linked metabolic abnormalities including cardiovascular diseases. Objectives: We compared the effects of cow's milk, calcium‐fortified soy milk, and a calcium supplement on adipo cytokines in premenopausal overweight and obese women. Materials and Methods: In this clinical trial, 100 healthy, overweight or obese premenopausal women were randomly assigned to one of the following dietary regimens for 8 weeks: (a) a control diet (b), a calcium‐supplemented diet containing 800 mg/day calcium carbonate, (c) a high‐milk diet containing three servings of low‐fat milk, and (d) a soy‐milk diet containing three servings of calcium‐fortified soy milk. All diets required a 500‐kcal/day reduction in energy. At baseline and after 8 weeks, anthropometric indices and plasma leptin, adiponectin, TNFα, CRP, and IL‐6 were measured. Results: Plasma CRP and leptin were significantly correlated with all anthropometric indices except for WHR, and plasma adiponectin had a significant negative correlation with WHR at baseline. Plasma leptin, CRP, and IL‐6 decreased significantly in all groups (P < 0.01$$$ except for CRP in the control group), but there were no significant differences among the four groups for these three measures. Conclusions: We conclude that a dietary reduction of 500‐kcal/day has beneficial effects on plasma adipocytokines, but calcium intake either as calcium carbonate or as milk leads to no differences. These results merit further research. © 2010 Kowsar M.P.Co.
Effect of moderate changes in dietary fatty acid profile on postprandial lipaemia, haemostatic and related CVD risk factors in healthy men$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effect of moderate changes in dietary fatty acid profile on postprandial risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD). DESIGN: Double‐blind, randomised, crossover, intervention trial. SETTING: : University of Auckland Human Nutrition Unit, New Zealand. SUBJECTS: A total of 18 lean healthy men. INTERVENTION: A dairy butter fat modified to reduce the saturated:unsaturated fatty acid ratio and a conventional high saturated butter fat were given on two separate occasions as a high‐fat test meal (59+/‐4 g fat$$$ 71 en% fat) at breakfast. A fat exclusion lunch, dinner and snacks were also given. Blood samples were collected at 0 (baseline), 1, 3, 6, 10 and 24 h. RESULTS: Maximum peak in total triacylglycerol (TAG) occurred 3 h postprandially and was highest on modified treatment (diet, P<0.05) due predominantly to increased TAG within the chylomicron‐rich fraction. Transient peaks in total‐, LDL‐ and HDL‐cholesterol occurred postprandially, but did not differ between dietary treatments (P>0.05). There were no differential effects of diet on postprandial free fatty acids, apo A, apo B, glucose, insulin, amylin or haemostatic clotting factors (P>0.05). CONCLUSIONS: In a group of healthy young men, replacement of 16% of total saturated fatty acids by mono‐ and polyunsaturated fats within a dairy lipid did not induce postprandial changes in CVD risk that may be considered beneficial for health. SPONSORSHIP: Fonterra, Wellington$$$ New Zealand.
No additional effect of different types of physical activity on 10-hour muscle protein synthesis in elderly men on a controlled energy- and protein-sufficient diet$$$ PURPOSE: The elderly lose skeletal muscle mass with age, which may be detrimental for function and quality of life. Both inactivity and heavy resistance exercise are known to have marked but opposite effects upon muscle mass. However, the potential effects of daily physical activity upon muscle protein synthesis (MPS) are less investigated. The aim of this study was to determine the effects of daily physical activities upon MPS in elderly individuals. METHODS: A total of 24 elderly men (70±1year) were recruited and randomly assigned: inactivity in form of bed‐rest (IA), daily physical activities (DA), or heavy resistance exercise (RE). All groups undertook a normal eating routine containing carbohydrates (52 E%), fat (32 E%), and protein (16 E%). Ingestion of labeled milk protein ([1‐(13)C]leucine‐labeled whey and caseinate) served to maintain tracer enrichment for determination of 10‐hour myofibrillar protein fractional synthesis rates (FSR), and typical prerequisites for calculating FSR were fulfilled. Physical activities were monitored, and venous blood and muscle biopsies collected. RESULTS: Physical activity was highest in the DA compared to both the IA and RE groups. Nutrient ingestion increased insulin, leucine, and phenylalanine plasma concentrations in all groups. [1‐(13)C]leucine enrichment was stable throughout the 10‐hour FSR period. Myofibrillar protein FSR were similar for IA, DA, and RE groups, 0.055±0.003%/h, 0.058±0.006%/h, and 0.065±0.008%/h, respectively (means±SE, P=0.44). CONCLUSIONS: In elderly males, inactivity, daily activities, and resistance exercise interventions result in equal 10‐hour, whole day MPS during an energy‐ and protein‐sufficient diet regimen.
Phytochemical effects of soy isoflavones consumption on urinary estrogen levels in premenopausal and postmenopausal women with breast cancer$$$ Breast cancer is the first of the top ten malignancies in Iraq. The benefits of consuming soy foods for hormone‐positive breast cancer women are controversial. This study aimed to evaluate the effects of soy isoflavones on urinary estrogens levels and to investigate the association between urinary estrogens and urinary isoflavones in premenopausal (PreM) and postmenopausal (PostM) women with hormone‐positive breast cancer treated with anti‐estrogens. A randomized, interventional comparison study was carried out on 120 Iraqi women with hormonal‐positive and HR2 Negative breast cancer. Participants were asked to fill out a questionnaire and to get urine samples. All participants were given ( cup of soymilk daily) for one month and (one cup of soymilk daily) for another month. The fasted morning urine samples were collected monthly for urinary isoflavones and estrogens HPLC analysis. The mean estradiol level in PreM was significantly higher than in PostM, but after low and high doses of soymilk, it was much lower in PreM than in PostM women. While the mean estrone concentrations at low dose of soymilk were higher in PreM than in PostM women, but after high dose soymilk lower in PreM than in PostM women. Estrone level has biphasic non‐significant change after isoflavone intake. Estrodail and Didazain level in PreM is lower than in PostM women after soy intake. Genstaine levels in PreM are higher than in PostM beyond soy intake. Patients who experience low urinary estradiol levels on soy food have less tendency to disease progression.
High intake of dairy during energy restriction does not affect energy balance or the intestinal microflora compared with low dairy intake in overweight individuals in a randomized controlled trial$$$ During weight loss, dairy calcium is proposed to accelerate weight and fat‐mass loss through increased fecal fat excretion. The primary objective was to investigate if a high‐dairy energy‐restricted diet is superior to low dairy in terms of changes in body weight, body composition, and fecal fat excretion over 24 weeks. Secondary objectives included fecal energy and calcium excretion, resting energy expenditure, blood pressure, lipid metabolism, and gut microbiota. In a randomized, parallel‐arm intervention study, 11 men and 69 women (body mass index, 30.6 ± 0.3 kg/m2$$$ age, 44 ± 1 years) were allocated to a 500‐kcal (2100 kJ) ‐deficit diet that was either high (HD: 1500 mg calcium/day) or low (LD: 600 mg calcium/day) in dairy products for 24 weeks. Habitual calcium intake was ∼1000 mg/day. Body weight loss (HD: ‐6.6 ± 1.3 kg, LD: ‐7.9 ± 1.5 kg, P = 0.73), fat‐mass loss (HD: ‐7.8% ± 1.3%, LD: ‐8.5% ± 1.1%, P = 0.76), changes in fecal fat excretion (HD: ‐0.57 ± 0.76 g, LD: 0.46 ± 0.70 g, P = 0.12), and microbiota composition were similar for the groups over 24 weeks. However, total fat‐mass loss was positively associated with relative abundance of Papillibacter (P = 0.017) independent of diet group. Consumption of a high‐dairy diet did not increase fecal fat or accelerate weight and fat‐mass loss beyond energy restriction over 24 weeks in overweight and obese adults with a habitual calcium intake of ∼1000 mg/day. However, this study indicates that Papillibacter is involved in body compositional changes.
Comparing acute effects of extra virgin coconut oil and extra virgin olive oil consumption on appetite and food intake in normal-weight and obese male subjects$$$ OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study is to compare acute effects of consuming extra virgin coconut oil (EVCO) as a source of medium chain fatty acids and extra virgin olive oil (EVOO) as a source of long chain fatty acids in normal weight and obese subjects. DESIGN: Randomised, crossover design. PARTICIPANTS: Metabolically healthy twenty male subjects (10 normal weight$$$ 10 obese) aged 19‐40 years. INTERVENTION: Subjects consumed breakfast meals containing skimmed milk, fat‐free white cheese, bread and EVCO (25 g) or EVOO (25 g). OUTCOME MEASURES: Visual analog scale evaluations, resting metabolic rate measurements and selected blood parameters analysis (glucose, triglyceride, insulin and plasma peptide YY) were performed before and after the test breakfast meals. In addition, energy intakes were evaluated by ad libitum lunch meal at 180 min. RESULTS: Visual analogue scale values of hunger and desire to eat decreased significantly after EVCO consumption than EVOO consumption in normal weight subjects at 180 min. There was an increase trend in plasma PYY at 30 and 180 min after EVCO breakfast compared to EVOO breakfast. Ad libitum energy intakes after EVCO and EVOO consumption in normal weight subjects were 924 ± 302$$$ 845 ± 158 kcal (p = 0.272), respectively whereas in obese subjects were 859 ± 238$$$ 994 ± 265 kcal (p = 0.069) respectively. CONCLUSION: The results of this study shows that consumption of EVCO compared to EVOO may have suppressive effect on hunger and desire to eat, may affect postprandial PYY levels differently and have no effect on postprandial energy expenditure. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Clinical Trials NCT04738929.
A whey protein supplement decreases post-prandial glycemia$$$ BACKGROUND: Incidence of diabetes, obesity and insulin resistance are associated with high glycemic load diets. Identifying food components that decrease post‐prandial glycemia may be beneficial for developing low glycemic foods and supplements. This study explores the glycemic impact of adding escalating doses of a glycemic index lowering peptide fraction (GILP) from whey to a glucose drink. METHODS: Ten healthy subjects (3M, 7F, 44.4 +/‐ 9.3 years, BMI 33.6 +/‐ 4.8 kg/m2) participated in an acute randomised controlled study. Zero, 5, 10 and 20 g of protein from GILP were added to a 50 g glucose drink. The control (0 g of GILP) meal was repeated 2 times. Capillary blood samples were taken fasting (0 min) and at 15, 30, 45, 60, 90 and 120 minutes after the start of the meal and analyzed for blood glucose concentration. RESULTS: Increasing doses of GILP decreased the incremental areas under the curve in a dose dependant manner (Pearson's r = 0.48, p = 0.002). The incremental areas (iAUC) under the glucose curve for the 0, 5, 10, and 20 g of protein from GILP were 231 +/‐ 23, 212 +/‐ 23, 196 +/‐ 23, and 138 +/‐ 13 mmol.min/L respectively. The iAUC of the 20 g GILP was significantly different from control, 5 g GILP and 10 g GILP (p < 0.001). Average reduction in the glucose iAUC was 4.6 +/‐ 1.4 mmol.min/L per gram of ingested GILP. CONCLUSION: Addition of GILP to a oral glucose bolus reduces blood glucose iAUC in a dose dependent manner and averages 4.6 +/‐ 1.4 mmol.min/L per gram of GILP. These data are consistent with previous research on the effect of protein on the glycemic response of a meal.
Effects of high-dairy versus low-dairy, high-protein and low-calorie diets combined with aerobic exercise on central body fat in overweight women: a pragmatic randomized controlled trial$$$ Introduction: Obesity is one of the most concerning public health issues, and it is known as a predisposing factor for many chronic cardiometabolic diseases. Overweight individuals should be included in preventative interventions. Combining a high‐dairy, high‐Protein and low‐calorie diet might help reduce appetite and body weight more effectively. We aimed to assess whether this approach, coupled with moderate‐intensity aerobic activity, would be more effective in helping overweight women reduce central fat accumulation than a low‐dairy diet, high in protein and low in calories. Methods: This randomized clinical trial recruited young overweight women aged 20–45‐year‐old, and compared one of two 700 Kcal restricted diet management options: intervention group with a high protein with high amounts of dairy products and 40 g of casein supplement or control group with a high protein, low‐dairy diet for two weeks. In addition, moderate‐intensity aerobic exercise was individually determined and prescribed for both intervention and control groups. The primary outcomes were a change in abdominal and suprailiac skinfold thickness. The secondary outcomes were body weight$$$ BMI$$$ waist and hip circumferences measured before the trial and after two weeks. Our analysis was based on both the intention‐to‐treat and per‐protocol principles. This trial was registered with the Tehran University of Medical Sciences (IRCT20201102049229N1). Results: Between the 20th of January 2021 and the 18th of March 2021, 60 participants were randomly assigned to the intervention or control groups. Forty‐seven of them (78%) completed the study. The mean drop in abdominal and suprailiac skinfold thicknesses was −4.82 mm and −3.22 mm, respectively, in the dairy group and −2.83 mm and −2.00, respectively, in the non‐dairy group. The adjusted mean difference was −1.99 (95% CI: 0.49–3.48$$$ p = 0.005) in abdominal skinfold thickness and −1.22 (95% CI: 0.06–2.38$$$ p = 0.017) in suprailiac skinfold thickness in favour of the high‐dairy group. All other secondary outcomes, including waist circumferences, hip circumference, Mean Body Fat, Percentage Body Fat, Soft Lean Mass, Body Mass Index, Fat Mass Index, and Fat‐Free Mass Index, showed significant changes (p < 0.05) in the intervention group. Conclusion: High‐dairy, low‐calorie diet is more effective than a high‐protein, low‐calorie diet in weight and body fat reduction, particularly central fat, in overweight young adult women.
Effect of phytosterols and inulin-enriched soymilk on LDL-cholesterol in Thai subjects: a double-blinded randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Hypercholesterolemia, particularly high LDL‐c and non‐HDL‐c levels, is a traditional risk for cardiovascular disease. Ingestion of diets containing phytosterols and inulin can reduce plasma LDL‐c and triglyceride levels, respectively. Phytosterols and inulin‐enriched soymilk may be an alternative for a supplemental diet to improve both LDL‐c and non‐HDL‐c to reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease. METHODS: Two hundred and forty subjects who were 18 years old or older and had a baseline LDL‐c of 130 mg/dl or higher were enrolled into the double‐blinded randomized controlled trial study. Subjects were randomly assigned into the study group that received 2 g/day of phytosterols and 10 g/day of inulin‐enriched soymilk or into the control group that received standard soymilk. The lipid profile was measured every 2 weeks for 8 weeks. Primary outcomes were 1) to determine the LDL‐c reduction after consumption of phytosterols and inulin‐enriched soymilk for 8 weeks and 2) to compare the difference of the LDL‐c levels between the study and control groups. The secondary outcomes were to compare the difference of TC, TG and HDL‐c between the study and control groups. RESULTS: At the end of the study, the median LDL‐c levels decreased significantly from 165 (132, 254) mg/dl to 150 (105, 263) mg/dl in the study group (p < 0.001) and from 165 (130, 243) mg/dl to 159 (89, 277) mg/dl in the control group (p = 0.014). The LDL‐c reduction was significantly better in the study group (‐10.03%, (‐37.07, 36.00) vs ‐1.31% (‐53.40, 89.73), p < 0.001). TC also reduced significantly by 6.60% in the study group while it reduced only by 1.76% in the control group (p < 0.001). There were no statistical differences in TG and HDL‐c levels between both study groups. The adverse events in the study group and the control groups were not different (RR 1.33 [0.871‐2.030, 95 % CI]). CONCLUSION: Daily consumption of soymilk containing 2 g of phytosterols and 10 g of inulin reduced TC and LDL‐c better than standard soymilk. It had no effect on TG and HDL‐c levels compared to standard soymilk. Both soymilk products were comparably safe. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Thai Clinical Trial Registry: TCTR20150417001 date: April 17, 2015.
Incretin, insulinotropic and glucose-lowering effects of whey protein pre-load in type 2 diabetes: a randomised clinical trial$$$ AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Since protein ingestion is known to stimulate the secretion of glucagon‐like peptide‐1 (GLP‐1), we hypothesised that enhancing GLP‐1 secretion to harness its insulinotropic/beta cell‐stimulating activity with whey protein pre‐load may have beneficial glucose‐lowering effects in type 2 diabetes. METHODS: In a randomised, open‐label crossover clinical trial, we studied 15 individuals with well‐controlled type 2 diabetes who were not taking any medications except for sulfonylurea or metformin. These participants consumed, on two separate days, 50 g whey in 250 ml water or placebo (250 ml water) followed by a standardised high‐glycaemic‐index breakfast in a hospital setting. Participants were randomised using a coin flip. The primary endpoints of the study were plasma concentrations of glucose, intact GLP‐1 and insulin during the 30 min following meal ingestion. RESULTS: In each group, 15 patients were analysed. The results showed that over the whole 180 min post‐meal period, glucose levels were reduced by 28% after whey pre‐load with a uniform reduction during both early and late phases. Insulin and C‐peptide responses were both significantly higher (by 105% and 43%, respectively) with whey pre‐load. Notably, the early insulin response was 96% higher after whey. Similarly, both total GLP‐1 (tGLP‐1) and intact GLP‐1 (iGLP‐1) levels were significantly higher (by 141% and 298%, respectively) with whey pre‐load. Dipeptidyl peptidase 4 plasma activity did not display any significant difference after breakfast between the groups. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: In summary, consumption of whey protein shortly before a high‐glycaemic‐index breakfast increased the early prandial and late insulin secretion, augmented tGLP‐1 and iGLP‐1 responses and reduced postprandial glycaemia in type 2 diabetic patients. Whey protein may therefore represent a novel approach for enhancing glucose‐lowering strategies in type 2 diabetes. Trial registration ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01571622 Funding The Israeli Ministry of Health and Milk Council funded the research.
A clinical trial to assess the safety and efficacy of Col-Red compared with Placebo on reducing cholesterol in hypercholesterolemia patients$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: ColRed: 15 gms twice a day in luke warm water or milk for 2 months. Intervention2: ColRed: 30 gms once a day in luke warm water or milk for 2 months. Control Intervention1: Placebo: 15 gms twice a day in like warm water or milk for 2 months. Control Intervention2: Placebo: 30 gms once a day in luke warm water or milk for 2 months. CONDITION: hypercholesterolemia PRIMARY OUTCOME: â?¢ The difference between treatment groups in the percent change from baseline to the end of treatment in LDL‐Cholesterol‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: At week 2, week 4 and and week 8(study end). SECONDARY OUTCOME: Change in other lipid levels (total cholesterol, HDL‐cholesterol and triglycerides) $$$ Incidence of adverse events $$$ â?¢ Quality of life assessment of the subjects $$$ â?¢ Feedback with regard to product taste and consumption habits $$$ ‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: At week 2, week 4 and and week 8(study end). INCLUSION CRITERIA: A total of 30 Subjects aged between 18‐65 years with known but untreated moderate hypercholesterolemia. Subjects diagnosed with total cholesterol equal to or above 200 mg/dl and who have LDL‐cholesterol levels equal to or above 130 mg/dl Subjects who give their consent to participate after being informed of the study objectives
Chocolate feeding studies: a novel approach for evaluating the plasma lipid effects of stearic acid$$$ Milk chocolate does not adversely affect plasma lipids and lipoproteins despite its relatively high content of saturated fatty acids (SFAs). Evidence from well‐controlled feeding studies indicates that this unique response is due to the high proportion of stearic acid in milk chocolate. In experimental diets containing very high amounts (eg, 280 g/d, or 10 oz/d) and more typical amounts (46.2 g, or 1.65 oz) of milk chocolate, plasma total‐ and low‐density‐lipoprotein‐cholesterol concentrations are not elevated. Furthermore, isoenergetic substitution of one milk chocolate bar per day for a high‐carbohydrate snack in a National Cholesterol Education Program/American Heart Association Step 1 Diet does not adversely affect the cholesterol‐lowering response. These findings indicate that stearic acid is not hypercholesterolemic as are the other long‐chain SFAs. Thus, as illustrated by the different results generated from the predictive equations that group all long‐chain SFAs vs those that consider stearic acid separately, grouping stearic acid with other SFAs appears to misrepresent the actual blood cholesterol response.
A clinical study to find the efficacy of Probiotic with Col-Red compared with Col-Red alone on reducing cholesterol in patients with hypercholesterolemia$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: ColRed+Probiotic: 15 gms of product twice a day in luke warm water or milk for 2 months Intervention2: ColRed+Probiotic: 30 gms once a day in luke warm water or milk for 2 months Control Intervention1: ColRed: 15 gms of product twice a day or 30 gms once a day in luke warm water or milk for 2 months Control Intervention2: ColRed: 30 gms once a day in luke warm water or milk for 2 months CONDITION: Hypercholesterolemia PRIMARY OUTCOME: â?? The difference between treatment groups in the percent change from baseline to the end of treatment in LDL‐Cholesterol $$$ ‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: At week 2, week 4 and and week 8(study end). SECONDARY OUTCOME: â?? Change in other lipid levels (total cholesterol, HDL‐cholesterol and triglyceride) $$$ â?? Incidence of adverse events $$$ â?? Quality of life assessment of the subjects $$$ â?? Feedback with regard to product taste and consumption habits $$$ ‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: At week 2, week 4 and and week 8(study end). INCLUSION CRITERIA: â?¢ A total of 30 Subjects aged between 18‐65 years with known but untreated moderate hypercholesterolemia. â?¢ Subjects diagnosed with total cholesterol equal to or above 200 mg/dl and who have LDL‐cholesterol levels equal to or above 130 mg/dl â?¢ Subjects who give their consent to participate after being informed of the study objectives
The effect of isoflavone Soy protein (ISP) supplementation on endometrial thickness, hyperplasia and endometrial cancer risk in postmenopausalwomen: a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Soy isoflavones are structurally similar to 17b‐estradiol and possess selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM)‐like activity. In postmenopausal women, isoflavone soy protein (ISP) supplementation has been shown to have multiple health benefits, such as reduction of subclinical atherosclerosis when initiated within 5 years of menopause [1]. However, the effect of ISP supplementation on the endometrium has not been studied. OBJECTIVE(S): To determine whether long term ISP supplementation affects endometrial thickness and rates of endometrial hyperplasia and cancer in postmenopausal women. DESIGN: In this randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial, 350 postmenopausal women 45‐92 years of age without diabetes and cardiovascular disease (CVD) were randomized to 2 evenly divided daily doses of 25 g soy protein containing a total of 154 mg of ISP or a milk protein matched placebo for a 3‐year period. Participants with a surgically absent uterus were excluded from this analysis. For the remaining 222 participants, ultrasonographic and histopathologic characteristics of the endometrium were compared between intervention and control groups. MATERIALS AND METHOD(S): Compliance with ISP supplementation was confirmed by plasma and urine isoflavone measurements. Endometrial thickness was measured by transvaginal ultrasound at baseline and at 18 and 30 months of follow‐up, as well as at 36 months in some participants. The mean change of endometrial thickness from baseline was recorded and compared between treatment groups. Participants with endometrial thickness R5 mm and those with vaginal bleeding underwent endometrial biopsies. Incidences of endometrial sampling, endometrial hyperplasia and endometrial cancer were compared between groups. RESULT(S): A total of 666 visits among 222 participants were evaluated. There was no statistically significant difference between groups in the baseline endometrial thickness or in changes of endometrial thickness over the trial follow‐up (Table 1, p>0.8). Of the 101 placebo‐treated participants, 7 (6.9%) underwent an endometrial biopsy$$$ 6 (85.7%) of these biopsies were benign. Of these, 4 were benign, not otherwise specified, and 2 were atrophic. One placebo subject was diagnosed with atypical endometrial hyperplasia and underwent a hysterectomy. The pathology result from this surgery was Stage IB endometrial cancer. Of the 121 participants in the soy group, 9 (7.4%) underwent an endometrial biopsy. The results were benign in all 9 cases (100%). Of these, 5 were benign, not otherwise specified, 3 were atrophic, and 1 proliferative. Although the rate of hyperplasia / malignancy was higher in the placebo group (14.3% versus 0%), the difference was not statistically significant (Table 2). CONCLUSION(S): Three‐year isoflavone soy protein (ISP) supplementation has no effect on endometrial thickness or on rates of endometrial hyperplasia and cancer in postmenopausal women. (Table presented).
Fluoride varnish application for the control of radiation induced dental caries in head and neck cancer patients$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Fluoride varnish with cpp‐acp: Fluoride varnish with cpp‐acp will be applied pre‐radiotherapy and at 3 months interval till 1 year. Control Intervention1: Fluoride varnish: Fluoride varnish will be applied pre‐radiotherapy and at 3 months interval till 1 year. CONDITION: Health Condition 1: C101‐ Malignant neoplasm of anterior surface of epiglottis Health Condition 2: C01‐ Malignant neoplasm of base of tongue Health Condition 3: C021‐ Malignant neoplasm of border of tongue Health Condition 4: C060‐ Malignant neoplasm of cheek mucosa Health Condition 5: C020‐ Malignant neoplasm of dorsal surface of tongue Health Condition 6: C04‐ Malignant neoplasm of floor of mouth Health Condition 7: C03‐ Malignant neoplasm of gum Health Condition 8: C050‐ Malignant neoplasm of hard palate Health Condition 9: C13‐ Malignant neoplasm of hypopharyn XHealth Condition 10: C32‐ Malignant neoplasm of laryn XHealth Condition 11: C102‐ Malignant neoplasm of lateral wallof oropharyn XHealth Condition 12: C00‐ Malignant neoplasm of lip Health Condition 13: C11‐ Malignant neoplasm of nasopharyn XHealth Condition 14: C08‐ Malignant neoplasm of other and unspecified major salivary glands Health Condition 15: C148‐ Malignant neoplasm of overlappingsites of lip, oral cavity and pharyn XHealth Condition 16: C07‐ Malignant neoplasm of parotid gland Health Condition 17: C103‐ Malignant neoplasm of posterior wall of oropharyn XHealth Condition 18: C12‐ Malignant neoplasm of pyriform sinus Health Condition 19: C062‐ Malignant neoplasm of retromolar area Health Condition 20: C051‐ Malignant neoplasm of soft palate Health Condition 21: C090‐ Malignant neoplasm of tonsillar fossa Health Condition 22: C091‐ Malignant neoplasm of tonsillar pillar (anterior) (posterior) Health Condition 23: C052‐ Malignant neoplasm of uvula Health Condition 24: C100‐ Malignant neoplasm of vallecula Health Condition 25: C022‐ Malignant neoplasm of ventral surface of tongue Health Condition 26: C061‐ Malignant neoplasm of vestibule ofmouth PRIMARY OUTCOME: DMFSTimepoint: Baseline(pre‐rt),3 months,6 months,9 months and 12 months SECONDARY OUTCOME: Schiff score , Patient complianceTimepoint: Baseline(pre‐rt),3 months,6 months,9 months and 12 months INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients with head and neck cancer who are planning for/undergoing RT with more than 50Gy of radiation, with or without chemotherapy,Patients whose oral cavity lies within the RT field during treatment,Patients of 21 years of age or older,Patients having at least two remaining teeth after oral health clearance,Patients having no known milk allergy,Patients who are able to give informed consent.
Food group and nutrient intakes at baseline in the Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial$$$ This chapter relates food and nutrient intakes at baseline to other facets of reported dietary behavior, major risk factors, and sociodemographic characteristics of men in the Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial. Intakes of total fat (38.4% of energy), saturated fatty acids (14.2%), and dietary cholesterol (492 mg/d) were similar to amounts seen in the first and second National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys in the 1970s and were generally lower than findings from studies in the 1960s. There were inverse relations between total serum cholesterol and intakes of total fat, saturated and monounsaturated fatty acids, and dietary cholesterol. These paradoxical associations were largely attributable to findings in the 21% of men who reported following a special diet, indicating that use of such a diet increases with severity of hypercholesterolemia. Fat intake was directly related to number of meals per week eaten away from home, and to cigarette smoking. Patterns of food and nutrient intake were similar for men stratified by baseline blood pressure and antihypertensive treatment. Intake of total energy and percentages from various dietary fats decreased with age, as did use of sucrose and caffeine. White men consumed more dairy products than did other ethnic groups, whereas black men consumed more eggs, sugars, and sweets. Asians had the highest intake of cereal foods. Those with more education ate less high‐fat meat products, more fruit, and more polyunsaturated oils, but also more high‐fat dairy products and less breads and cereals$$$ they also drank more alcohol.
Effect of Probiotics on blood lipid profile$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Lactobacillus acidophilus LA5, Bifidobacteria bacterium BB12 and inulin in the form of curd: Marketed by Mother Dairy by Name‐ Probiotic b‐activ Dosage‐ 400 g/day daily Mode of administration‐ Oral Duration‐ 8 weeks Control Intervention1: Lactobacillus delbrueckii subsp. bulgaricus and Streptococcus thermophilus: Marketed by Mother Dairy by Name‐ Plain Dahi Dosage‐ 400 g/day daily Mode of administration‐ Oral Duration‐ 8 weeks CONDITION: Hypercholesterolemia PRIMARY OUTCOME: Total Cholesterol $$$ LDL‐cholesterol $$$ Triglycerides $$$ HDL‐cholesterol‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: After Run‐in, Week 0 $$$ After Trial, Week 8 SECONDARY OUTCOME: BMI, Waist Circumference, Hip Circumference, Body Fat percent, Blood Pressure, Dietary Intake, Level of physical activity, Compliance of product, Stress level, medication if any‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: All after Run‐in, Week 0 $$$ Compliance, medication if any at weekly intervals $$$ All after trial, Week 8 INCLUSION CRITERIA: Adults, males and females, 40‐65 years of age Subjects having Total cholesterol levels >210 mg/dl and LDL‐ cholesterol levels >110 mg/dl Subjects who are willing to participate
Effect of plant sterol esters on cardiovascular risk factors in hypercholesterolemic adults$$$ Daily consumption of plant sterol esters has been shown to decrease total and LDL cholesterol. We examined whether delivery of plant sterol esters in a low‐fat dairy dessert could decrease cardiovascular risk factors. We enrolled 49 hypercholesterolemic adults in a randomized, double‐blind, crossover study with 4‐week control and treatment periods. Participants consumed two 68g portions of the dessert daily, providing 2 g/d free plant sterols, and were counselled to follow the Therapeutic Lifestyle Changes diet. Lipids, apolipoproteins, cellular adhesion molecules (CAM), inflammatory markers, blood pressure, and cardiovascular reactivity to stress were assessed at baseline and after each treatment period. Total and LDL cholesterol decreased more after consumption of the plant sterol dessert compared to placebo (‐6.0% vs ‐2.4% and ‐8.3% vs ‐2.7%, respectively, p<0.0001). Apolipoprotein A‐I increased after the plant sterol dessert (p<0.05). No significant changes were observed between treatments for HDL, triglycerides, CAM, and inflammatory markers. Blood pressure and total peripheral resistance during stress were lower following the placebo dessert compared to the plant sterol dessert (p<0.05). These results demonstrate that delivering 2 g/d of free plant sterols through a low‐fat dairy dessert for four weeks is clinically effective in reducing total and LDL cholesterol.
The glycaemic index values of Vietnamese foods$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine and compare the glycaemic index (GI) values of a range of Vietnamese foods in two racial groups. DESIGN AND SUBJECTS: Twelve healthy subjects (six Asian and six Caucasian) consumed 50 g carbohydrate portions of a reference food (glucose sugar) and nine Vietnamese foods (three rices, three noodle products and three sweet foods) in random order after an overnight fast. The reference food was tested on two separate occasions, and the Vietnamese foods were each tested once. Capillary blood samples were taken at time 0 (fasting), 15, 30, 45, 60, 90 and 120 min from the start of each meal. Samples were analysed for plasma glucose and the incremental areas under the plasma glucose curves (AUC) were used to calculate the GI values of the test foods, using glucose as the reference food (ie GI value of glucose=100). The mean GI value of each food was calculated for the entire group of subjects (n=12) and for both racial groups (n=6). RESULTS: The three rices had surprisingly high GI values (86‐109), whereas the noodle products had relatively low GI values (39‐61). The sugar‐rich foods produced intermediate GI values (54‐79). The GI values for the nine foods calculated separately for the two racial groups were not significantly different from each other (P=0.26). CONCLUSIONS: The GI values derived from Caucasian subjects are likely to be applicable to Asian populations. Varieties of imported rice from Thailand were found to have high GI values. Alternative low‐GI staples, such as rice noodles, may be preferable for Asian/Vietnamese people with diabetes. SPONSORSHIP: This study was funded by the University of Sydney.
Adherence to Mediterranean Diet and Metabolic Syndrome in BRCA Mutation Carriers$$$ Background. Insulin resistance is associated with higher breast cancer (BC) penetrance in BRCA mutation carriers. Metabolic syndrome (MetS), an insulin resistance syndrome, can be reversed by adhering to the Mediterranean diet (MedDiet). In a dietary intervention trial on BRCA mutation carriers, we evaluated adherence to the MedDiet, and the association with the MetS, by analyzing data from the Mediterranean Diet Adherence Screener (MEDAS). Methods. BRCA mutation carriers, with or without BC, aged 18 to 70 years, were eligible for the trial. After the baseline examinations, women were randomized to a dietary intervention or to a control group. Both groups completed the MEDAS at baseline and at the end of the dietary intervention. Results. A total of 163 women completed the 6 months of dietary intervention. Compared with controls, the women in the intervention group significantly reduced their consumption of red meat (P <.01) and commercial sweets (P <.01) and their MEDAS score rose significantly (+1.3 vs +0.55, P =.02). The number of MetS parameters decreased with increasing points of adherence to the MEDAS score (P =.01). In the intervention group, there was a significant association with the greater reduction of MetS. Conclusion. BRCA mutation carriers in the intervention group experienced greater improvement in their MedDiet and MetS parameters.
A Daily Snack Containing Leafy Green Vegetables, Fruit, and Milk before and during Pregnancy Prevents Gestational Diabetes in a Randomized, Controlled Trial in Mumbai, India$$$ BACKGROUND: Prospective observational studies suggest that maternal diets rich in leafy green vegetables and fruit may help prevent gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to test whether increasing women's dietary intake of leafy green vegetables, fruit, and milk before conception and throughout pregnancy reduced their risk of GDM. METHODS: Project SARAS ("excellent") (2006‐2012) was a nonblinded, individually randomized, controlled trial in women living in slums in the city of Mumbai, India. The interventions included a daily snack made from leafy green vegetables, fruit, and milk for the treatment group or low‐micronutrient vegetables (e.g., potato and onion) for the control group, in addition to the usual diet. Results for the primary outcome, birth weight, have been reported. Women were invited to take an oral‐glucose‐tolerance test (OGTT) at 28‐32 wk gestation to screen for GDM (WHO 1999 criteria). The prevalence of GDM was compared between the intervention and control groups, and Kernel density analysis was used to compare distributions of 120‐min plasma glucose concentrations between groups. RESULTS: Of 6513 women randomly assigned, 2291 became pregnant$$$ of these, 2028 reached a gestation of 28 wk, 1008 (50%) attended for an OGTT, and 100 (9.9%) had GDM. In an intention‐to‐treat analysis, the prevalence of GDM was reduced in the treatment group (7.3% compared with 12.4% in controls$$$ OR: 0.56$$$ 95% CI: 0.36, 0.86$$$ P = 0.008). The reduction in GDM remained significant after adjusting for prepregnancy adiposity and fat or weight gain during pregnancy. Kernel density analysis showed that this was explained by the fact that fewer women in the treatment group had a 2‐h glucose concentration in the range 7.5‐10.0 mmol/L. CONCLUSIONS: In low‐income settings, in which women have a low intake of micronutrient‐rich foods, improving dietary micronutrient quality by increasing intake of leafy green vegetables, fruit, and/or milk may have an important protective effect against the development of GDM. This trial was registered at www.controlled‐trials.com as ISRCTN62811278.
Open study of the efficacy and mechanism of action of topical imiquimod in basal cell carcinoma$$$ Imiquimod is an immune‐response modifier that has been shown to be effective in the treatment of superficial and nodular basal cell carcinoma (BCC). The objective of this open‐label study was to investigate the effectiveness of imiquimod 5% cream in superficial, nodular, and infiltrative BCC. Fifty‐five Caucasian patients with primary BCC measuring 8 mm or more in diameter with a superficial, nodular, or infiltrative histological pattern were included in the study. Four groups of BCC (A, B, C, and D) and two dosing regimens were studied: 35 BCCs (groups A, B, and C) were treated with imiquimod three times weekly and 20 BCCs (group D) were treated with imiquimod five times weekly. Histological samples were obtained before treatment, during treatment (on day 22 in group A, day 15 in group B, and day 8 in groups C and D), and 6 weeks after treatment. All patients were followed‐up for a minimum of 2 years. In the biopsy specimens obtained, the expression of Bcl‐2, p53, and Ki‐67, apoptotic index (Tunel technique), and the number of CD3+, CD8+, CD20+, CD56+, CD68+, granzyme B+, and S‐100+ cells in the peritumoural inflammatory infiltrate, were determined and quantified. Of the 55 BCCs treated with imiquimod 41 (74%) were in complete remission after 2 years of follow‐up. These comprised 4/4 superficial BCCs, 7/8 (88%) nodular BCCs, and 30/43 (70%) infiltrative BCCs. Multi‐variate analysis demonstrated that baseline tumour size was the most powerful independent prognostic variable (P < 0.05). Treatment with imiquimod increased the apoptotic index (P < 0.05), reduced Bcl‐2 expression (P < 0.05), and increased the number of CD3+, CD8+, CD20+, CD68+, granzyme B+, and S‐100+ cells in the inflammatory infiltrate of the BCC (P < 0.05). In conclusion, imiquimod induced an antitumour immune response mediated by lymphocytes and macrophages, reduced Bcl‐2 expression and increased the apoptotic index of BCC, and was clinically effective in 74% of BCCs after a 2‐year follow‐up period.
Imiquimod 5% cream as pretreatment of Mohs micrographic surgery for nodular basal cell carcinoma in the face: a prospective randomized controlled study$$$ BACKGROUND: Imiquimod 5% cream can reduce or clear superficial and small nodular basal cell carcinoma (BCC). It could be used as a pretreatment of Mohs micrographic surgery (MMS) to decrease defect size. OBJECTIVES: To study if a pretreatment with imiquimod 5% cream decreases defect size after MMS. In addition, to study the effect on the number of Mohs stages and reconstruction time. METHODS: Seventy patients aged >18 years with a primary nodular BCC in the face were included. The imiquimod group used imiquimod 5% cream for 4 weeks, before MMS. The control group was treated with MMS only. Tumour and defect sizes were measured. We noted the number of Mohs stages, reconstruction time and side‐effects. RESULTS: The median percentage increase in area from tumour size at baseline to the post‐MMS defect for the imiquimod group was significantly less compared with the control group, 50% vs. 147% (P < 0·001). A tendency towards fewer Mohs stages in the imiquimod group was observed and the reconstruction time was significantly shorter in this group (P = 0·01). CONCLUSIONS: Imiquimod 5% cream as pretreatment of MMS significantly reduced the tumour size in primary nodular BCC and reduced the surgical defect size. Further research is necessary to investigate cost‐effectiveness.
Efficacy and tolerance of a diabetes specific formula in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: an open label, randomized, crossover study$$$ Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a huge burden and a public health concern in Asian populations. Medical nutrition therapy is the cornerstone in the management of T2DM, but, scientific evidence is lacking on the effect of Diabetes specific formulas, in this population. An open label, randomized, crossover study was conducted to evaluate the role of a diabetes specific formula, in the maintenance of blood glucose, insulin levels in the Indian diabetic population. In the study, 40 patients with T2DM were enrolled. After screening, eligible patients were counseled on diet and exercise regime during runin period. After run‐in period, patients were randomized to receive either a diabetes specific formula, Nutren® Diabetes, Nestlé Nutrition, Switzerland (Group A) or isocaloric diet (Cornflakes and Milk, Group B) after overnight fasting. Blood samples were collected for estimation of Blood Glucose, Insulin and Triglyceride levels at stipulated time points (0, 30, 60, 120, and 180 min) after consumption. The subjective sensations of hunger, satiety, and other appetite sensations were also assessed using a Visual Analog Scale (VAS) Questionnaire to evaluate tolerance. The study was registered at www.ctri.nic.in with Reg. No. CTRI/2011/10/002089. The postprandial glucose response i.e. Area under curve at 30, 60, 120, & 180 min was significantly lower with Group A as compared to Group B (p=0.0003, 0.0001, 0.0001, 0.0001, respectively). Increase in serum insulin levels from baseline was also lower for Group A at 120 and 180 min respectively as compared to Group B (p= 0.0001, 0.0002 respectively). There was no significant difference in mean triglyceride levels and Visual Analog Scale questionnaire score between the two groups. These results suggest that the Diabetes specific formula (Nutren® Diabetes) can play a significant role in nutritional management of T2DM with better maintenance of post‐meal blood glucose levels compared with an isocaloric diet.
Stimulation of muscle anabolism by resistance exercise and ingestion of leucine plus protein$$$ Leucine is known to stimulate muscle protein synthesis and anabolism. However, evidence for the efficacy of additional leucine to enhance the response of muscle anabolism to resistance exercise and protein ingestion is unclear. Thus, we investigated the response of net muscle protein balance to ingestion of additional leucine with protein in association with resistance exercise. Two groups of untrained subjects performed an intense bout of leg resistance exercise following ingestion of 1 of 2 drinks: flavored water (PL)$$$ or 16.6 g of whey protein + 3.4 g of leucine (W+L). Arteriovenous amino acid balance across the leg was measured to assess the anabolic response of muscle in each group. Arterial amino acid concentrations increased in response to ingestion of W+L. Amino acid concentrations peaked between 60 and 120 min after ingestion, and then declined to baseline values. Valine concentration decreased to levels significantly lower than baseline. Net balance of leucine, threonine, and phenylalanine did not change following PL ingestion, but increased and remained elevated above baseline for 90‐120 min following W+L ingestion. Leucine (138 +/‐ 37 and ‐23 +/‐ 23 mg), phenylalanine (58 +/‐ 28 and ‐38 +/‐ 14 mg), and threonine (138 +/‐ 37 and ‐23 +/‐ 23 mg) uptake was greater for W+L than for PL over the 5.5 h following drink ingestion. Our results indicate that the whey protein plus leucine in healthy young volunteers results in an anabolic response in muscle that is not greater than the previously reported response to whey protein alone.
Carbohydrate does not augment exercise-induced protein accretion versus protein alone$$$ PURPOSE: We tested the thesis that CHO and protein coingestion would augment muscle protein synthesis (MPS) and inhibit muscle protein breakdown (MPB) at rest and after resistance exercise. METHODS: Nine men (age=23.0±1.9 yr, body mass index=24.2±2.1 kg·m) performed two unilateral knee extension trials (four sets×8‐12 repetitions to failure) followed by consumption of 25 g of whey protein (PRO) or 25 g of whey protein plus 50 g of maltodextrin (PRO+CARB). Muscle biopsies and stable isotope methodology were used to measure MPS and MPB. RESULTS: The areas under the glucose and insulin curves were 17.5‐fold (P<0.05) and 5‐fold (P<0.05) greater, respectively, for PRO+CARB than for PRO. Exercise increased MPS and MPB (both P<0.05), but there were no differences between PRO and PRO+CARB in the rested or exercised legs. Phosphorylation of Akt was greater in the PRO+CARB than in the PRO trial (P<0.05)$$$ phosphorylations of Akt (P=0.05) and acetyl coA carboxylase‐β (P<0.05) were greater after exercise than at rest. The concurrent ingestion of 50 g of CHO with 25 g of protein did not stimulate mixed MPS or inhibit MPB more than 25 g of protein alone either at rest or after resistance exercise. CONCLUSIONS: Our data suggest that insulin is not additive or synergistic to rates of MPS or MPB when CHO is coingested with a dose of protein that maximally stimulates rates of MPS.
The effects of dietary fatty acids on postprandial markers for inflammation in healthy overweight men$$$ INTERVENTION: The test meals are provided as cupcakes. In the butter meal 61,65g butter is added to 60g flower, 60g sugar and 60g of whole egg. In the margarine meal 50g margarine in combination with 10g safflower oil is added to 60g flower, 60g sugar and 60g of whole egg. In addition, 11,8g of egg yolk is added to the margarine meal in order to standardize cholesterol content between both meals. The cupcakes are designed to provide 50g of test fat. CONDITION: 10000546 10003216 10011082 $$$ arteriosclerosis $$$ hardening of the arteries $$$ insulin resistance syndrome $$$atherosclerosis $$$ metabolic syndrome $$$ syndrome X PRIMARY OUTCOME: The primary study endpoints are levels of interleukin‐6 and levels of other $$$ markers of postprandial inflammation, including TNF‐alpha, MCP‐1, interleukin‐1 $$$ and interleukin‐8. $$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary study parameters include markers of insulin resistance, plasma lipids $$$ and lipoproteins. $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: men BMI in the range of 25‐30 kg/m2 age between 18 and 70 no treatment with lipid‐lowering (Dutch Cholesterol Concensus)
Obesity susceptibility loci and dietary intake in the Look AHEAD Trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Genome‐wide association studies (GWAS) have identified consistent associations with obesity. However, the mechanisms remain unclear. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to determine the association between obesity susceptibility loci and dietary intake. DESIGN: The association of GWAS‐identified obesity risk alleles (FTO, MC4R, SH2B1, BDNF, INSIG2, TNNI3K, NISCH‐STAB1, MTIF3, MAP2K5, QPCTL/GIPR, and PPARG) with dietary intake, measured through food‐frequency questionnaires, was investigated in 2075 participants from the Look AHEAD (Action for Health in Diabetes) clinical trial. We adjusted for age, sex, population stratification, and study site. RESULTS: Obesity risk alleles at FTO rs1421085 significantly predicted more eating episodes per day (P = 0.001)‐an effect that persisted after adjustment for body weight (P = 0.004). Risk variants within BDNF were significantly associated with more servings from the dairy product and the meat, eggs, nuts, and beans food groups (P ≤ 0.004). The risk allele at SH2B1 rs4788099 was significantly associated with more servings of dairy products (P = 0.001), whereas the risk allele at TNNI3K rs1514176 was significantly associated with a lower percentage of energy from protein (P = 0.002). CONCLUSION: These findings suggest that obesity risk loci may affect the pattern and content of food consumption among overweight or obese individuals with type 2 diabetes. The Look AHEAD Genetic Ancillary Study was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01270763 and the Look AHEAD study as NCT00017953.
Preservation of intestinal integrity during radiotherapy using live Lactobacillus acidophilus cultures$$$ Twenty‐four female patients suffering from gynaecological malignancies and scheduled for internal and external irradiation of the pelvic area (pelvic dose 5000 cGy) were selected for a study on prevention of intestinal side‐effects by live Lactobacillus acidophilus cultures. The patients were randomised into two groups. Both groups received dietary counselling recommending a low‐fat and low‐residue diet during radiotherapy. The control group received dietary counselling only. The test group received 150 ml of a fermented milk test product supplying them with at least 2 X 10(9) live Lactobacillus acidophilus bacteria daily and 6.5% lactulose as substrate for the bacteria. The results indicated that the test product appeared to prevent radiotherapy‐associated diarrhoea. However, flatulence was increased probably due to lactulose ingestion in the test group.
Effect of cocoa and tea intake on blood pressure: a meta-analysis$$$ BACKGROUND: Epidemiological evidence suggests blood pressure‐lowering effects of cocoa and tea. We undertook a meta‐analysis of randomized controlled trials to determine changes in systolic and diastolic blood pressure due to the intake of cocoa products or black and green tea. METHODS: MEDLINE, EMBASE, SCOPUS, Science Citation Index, and the Cochrane Controlled Trials Register were searched from 1966 until October 2006 for studies in parallel group or crossover design involving 10 or more adults in whom blood pressure was assessed before and after receiving cocoa products or black or green tea for at least 7 days. RESULTS: Five randomized controlled studies of cocoa administration involving a total of 173 subjects with a median duration of 2 weeks were included. After the cocoa diets, the pooled mean systolic and diastolic blood pressure were ‐4.7 mm Hg (95% confidence interval [CI], ‐7.6 to ‐1.8 mm Hg$$$ P = .002) and ‐2.8 mm Hg (95% CI, ‐4.8 to ‐0.8 mm Hg$$$ P = .006) lower, respectively, compared with the cocoa‐free controls. Five studies of tea consumption involving a total of 343 subjects with a median duration of 4 weeks were selected. The tea intake had no significant effects on blood pressure. The estimated pooled changes were 0.4 mm Hg (95% CI, ‐1.3 to 2.2 mm Hg$$$ P = .63) in systolic and ‐0.6 mm Hg (95% CI, ‐1.5 to 0.4 mm Hg$$$ P = .38) in diastolic blood pressure compared with controls. CONCLUSION: Current randomized dietary studies indicate that consumption of foods rich in cocoa may reduce blood pressure, while tea intake appears to have no effect.
Ã¢??Effect of Yoga on body immunity in cancer cells.Ã¢??$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Yoga: 1. Study Group 2. Control Group Both groups will receive standard treatment of Cancer. Study group in addition will be taught to practice Yoga. The type of yoga is Hath yoga. This will include Trikon asana, Butterfly asana, Pavanmukt asana and yog nidra followed by Pranayamas. Pranayamas will include Anulom vilom, Ujjayi pranayam, Bhastrika pranyam and Mudra pranayam. These will be taught in a three day workshop. Participants will practise pranyama and yoga everyday at their home for 30 to 40 minutes. Follow up of yoga and pranayama will be given once a week. Total duration of intervention will be 3 months. Intervention2: Yoga: 1.Study group 2.Control group Both groups will be getting cancer treatment.Study group in addition will be taught to practice yoga Intervention3: Yoga: The type of yoga is Hath yoga. This will include Trikon asana, Butterfly asana, Pavanmukt asana and yog nidra followed by Pranayamas. Pranayamas will include Anulom vilom, Ujjayi pranayam, Bhastrika pranyam and Mudra pranayam. These will be taught in a three day workshop. Participants will practise pranyama and yoga everyday at their home for 30 to 40 minutes. Follow up of yoga and pranayama will be given once a week. Total duration of intervention will be 3 months. Control Intervention1: Standard chemotherapy: Standard chemotherapy will be giving to patients of ovary and breast cancer and comparison will be made with those patients,who in addition will be practicing yoga CONDITION: Malignant neoplasms of breast PRIMARY OUTCOME: 1. Perceived stress: Perceived stress will be measured using the standard Perceived Stress Scale $$$ 2.Fatigue : The fatigue symptom inventory (FSI) $$$ 3. Pittsburgh insomnia rating scale $$$ 4. To assess the stress level objectively, we shall study salivary cortisol before and after the workshop on breathing processes and then every 3 months.Timepoint: Base line study, post study, and every 3 months interval SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1. NK cell Count : Isolation of NK cells from whole blood $$$ 2. NK cell activity: Functional evaluation of NK cellsTimepoint: Base line study, post study, and every 3 months interval INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Women with Breast or Ovarian cancer, coming to HCG hospital after their diagnosis 2. Age ‐ above 30 years 3. ZubrodÃ¢??s performance status 0‐2 (ambulatory > 50% of time) 4. Willingness to participate in the study 5. Minimum high school education
A clinical trial to study the effect of scapular and shoulder muscle exercises in preventing arm lymphedema among the breast cancer surgery patients$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Muscle strength training: Scapular and shoulder muscle strengthening exercises using resistance Intervention2: Along with Conventional physiotherapy, Scapular and Shoulder muscle strengthening exercises are taught: EXERCISE PRESCRIPTION EXPERIMENTAL GROUP 1. Conventional Physiotherapy 2. SCAPULAR AND SHOULDER EXERCISES Warm ups: 3 â?? 5 repetitions 1. Scapular squeezes 2. Shoulder circles Stretches: 3 â?? 5 repetitions with hold for 15 ‐ 20 seconds 1. Butterfly stretch 2. Overhead clasped hands stretch 3. Chest stretch 4. Full body stretch 5. Cat camel Strengthening exercises 1. Shouder internal and external rotation 2. Shoulder rowing 3. Pull over 4. Back fly 5. V raise 6. Wall push ups 7. Pelvic bridging 8. Biceps curl STRENGTHENING EXERCISES 10 repetition$$$ 1 set $$$ 4th to 9th week POD (Weight: 1/2 litre water bottle) 10 repetitions: 2 sets$$$ 10th to 15th week POD (Weight: 750ml water bottle) 10 repetitions: 3 sets$$$ 16th week POD onwards till 6 months (Weight: 1 litre water bottle) Control Intervention1: Muscle strength training: Control group only conventional treatment Interventional group will be taught scapular and shoulder muscle strength training Control Intervention2: Control conventional physiotherapy : EXERCISE PRESCRIPTION CONTROL GROUP PRE OPERATIVE Diaphragmatic breathing exercises Demonstration of shoulder range of motion exercises POST OPERATIVE 10 repetition$$$ 1 set till in hospital 10 repetition$$$ 2 sets after discharge till the end of 6 months 1. Diaphragmatic breathing exercises 2. Shoulder range of motion exercises 3. Hand ball squeezes 4. Bed mobility exercises 5. Shoulder shrug 6. Transcutaneous Electrical Nerve Stimulator if VAS more than 5 CONDITION: Health Condition 1: C50‐ Malignant neoplasm of breast PRIMARY OUTCOME: Arm circumference in centimeters $$$ Volumetry in millimeters $$$ Muscle strength in kilograms $$$ Shoulder range of motion in degrees $$$ Shoulder pain and disability index in percentageTimepoint: preoperative measurement $$$ Assessment $$$ $$$ After 3 weeks $$$ After 6 weeks $$$ After 9 weeks $$$ After 12 weeks $$$ Afafter 20 weeks $$$ 16 weeks $$$ $$$ $$$ $$$ $$$ $$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: Quality of life score higher the score greater the quality of lifeTimepoint: Baseline preoperative $$$ second post operative day $$$ After 4 weeks $$$ 7 weeks $$$ 10 weeks $$$ 13 weeks $$$ 16 weeks $$$ 20 weeks INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1 Modified Radical Mastectomy with ALND 2 Breast conservation surgery with ALND 3 Unilateral surgery 4 Neo adjuvant chemotherapy 5 Adjunct Chemotherapy and radiation following surgery 6 First surgery for invasive Breast cancer 7 Patients under Chief Ministers Comprehensive Health Insurance Scheme will be included for our study 8 Patients who agree to be monitored through video call 9 Willingness of patient to participate in the study
Baseline dietary patterns are a significant consideration in correcting dietary exposure for weight loss$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Dietary pattern studies are traditionally the domain of epidemiological research. From a clinical perspective, there is a need to explore the effects of changing food and dietary patterns of individuals. The aim was to identify patterns of food choice in the context of a clinical weight loss trial. Cluster analysis based on reported serves of food groups revealed dietary patterns informative for the clinical setting. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Cluster analysis was conducted using diet history data from two clinical trials at baseline, and outcomes at 3 months were reviewed based on these clusters (n=231). The cluster solution was analysed using defined food groups in serves and with respect to clinical parameters and requirements for selected nutrients. RESULTS: Two distinct dietary patterns were identified from the reported baseline dietary intakes. Subjects in Cluster 1 reported food patterns characterised by higher intakes of low‐fat dairy and unsaturated oils and margarine and were generally more closely aligned to food choices encouraged in national dietary guidelines. Subjects in Cluster 2 reported a dietary pattern characterised by non‐core foods and drinks, higher‐ and medium‐fat dairy foods, fatty meats and alcohol. At 3 months, Cluster 2 subjects reported greater reductions in energy intake (‐5317 kJ$$$ P<0.001) and greater weight loss (‐5.6 kg$$$ P<0.05) compared with Cluster 1. CONCLUSIONS: Overweight subjects with reported dietary patterns similar to dietary guidelines at baseline may have more difficulty in reducing energy intake than those with poor dietary patterns. Correcting exposure to non‐core foods and drinks was key to successful weight loss.
Adherence to the Western, Prudent, and Mediterranean dietary patterns and chronic lymphocytic leukemia in the MCC-Spain study$$$ Diet is a modifiable risk factor for several neoplasms but evidence for chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) is sparse. Previous studies examining the association between single‐food items and CLL risk have yielded mixed results, while few studies have been conducted on overall diet, reporting inconclusive findings. This study aimed to evaluate the association between adherence to three dietary patterns and CLL in the multicase‐control study (MCC‐Spain) study. Anthropometric, sociodemographic, medical and dietary information was collected for 369 CLL cases and 1605 controls. Three validated dietary patterns, Western, Prudent and Mediterranean, were reconstructed in the MCC‐Spain data. The association between adherence to each dietary pattern and CLL was assessed, overall and by Rai stage, using mixed logistic regression models adjusted for potential confounders. High adherence to a Western dietary pattern (i.e. high intake of high‐fat dairy products, processed meat, refined grains, sweets, caloric drinks, and convenience food) was associated with CLL [ORQ4 vs. Q1=1.63 (95%CI 1.11$$$ 2.39)$$$ P‐trend=0.02$$$ OR 1‐SD increase=1.19 (95%CI: 1.03$$$ 1.37)], independently of Rai stages. No differences in the association were observed according to sex, Body Mass Index, energy intake, tobacco, physical activity, working on a farm, or family history of hematologic malignancies. No associations were observed for Mediterranean and Prudent dietary patterns and CLL. This study provides the first evidence for an association between a Western dietary pattern and CLL, suggesting that a proportion of CLL cases could be prevented by modifying dietary habits. Further research, especially with a prospective design, is warranted to confirm these findings.
Evaluation of type 2 diabetes prevention through diet modification in people with impaired glucose regulation: a population-based study$$$ Purpose: A few interventional studies to date have specifically assessed the association between dairy products and/or sugar consumption and the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2D) incidence. The aim of this study was to assess the effectiveness of diet modification in people with impaired glucose regulation (IGR) as defined by a glucose tolerance test (GTT). Methods: A quasi‐experimental study design was used for this study. A total of 318 randomly selected 18‐year‐old or older participants from the rural area of the Kyiv region of Ukraine who had not been registered as T2D patients before underwent GTT between June 2013 and June 2017. For those who had been diagnosed with IGR, World Health Organization (WHO)/International Diabetes Federation criteria were used. Of 318 participants screened for T2D, 123 (74% of them females) were diagnosed with IGR. They were aged 18 to 79 years old with a median (QI – QIII) age of 62 (52–68) years. They were repeatedly tested during the study and completed a questionnaire on average 2.8 (1.1) years (standard deviation [SD]), after they had received their lifestyle‐based T2D prevention recommendations. In addition to basic recommendations, they were advised to consume approximately 200 g of low‐fat dairy products and less than 25 g of sugar daily. Cases of screen‐detected diabetes mellitus (SDDM) were diagnosed and reported as an outcome variable if a fast capillary blood glucose level reached 6.1 mmol/L and above. To define the association between implementation of recommendations and the risk of SDDM, the Cox proportional‐hazards regression analysis was used. Results: During the study observation period, 56 (45.5%) of 123 IGR‐positive participants were recognized as SDDM cases. Those individuals with IGR (n = 111) who confirmed their adherence to preventive recommendations had a significantly lower risk of identifying SDDM, age‐ and gender‐adjusted hazard ratio (HR) 0.26 (95% CІ$$$ 0.09–0.72). This effect appears to be related to the recommendation to reduce the daily intake of sugar to less than 25 g (n = 99), corresponding to age‐ and gender‐adjusted HR 0.44 (95% CІ$$$ 0.2–0.99). We cannot prove that increasing consumption of dairy products, vegetables, and fruit or increased physical activity had similar effectiveness. Conclusions: After 2.8 years of follow‐up, the individuals who are IGR‐positive and who confirmed their adherence to lifestyle‐based preventive recommendations had a significantly lower risk of identifying SDDM. This effect appears to be related to recommendations to reduce the daily intake of sugar to less than 25 g.
Effect of dairy consumption and its fat content on gut microbiota in patients with type 2 diabetes: a secondary analysis of a randomized controlled trial$$$ Studies have demonstrated differences in gut microbial characteristics in diseases compared to healthy states. Knowledge of how diet alters the gut microbiome is limited by the lack of dietary interventional studies reporting on gut microbial characterization. We explored whether dairy foods differing in fat content alter the gut microbiota of patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D). We randomized 111 subjects with T2D into 3 groups: high‐fat (HF) and low‐fat (LF) dairy groups (≥ 3 servings/d of HF and LF dairy, respectively), and a control group (CON) maintained baseline dairy intake. Subjects were evaluated at baseline, 12 wk, and 24 wk. Next generation sequencing was performed using an Illumina NextSeq (2x150 bp, high output mode) in 32 subjects (16 in HF, 5 in LF, and 11 in CON). At 24 wk, featurewise testing revealed a higher Faecalibacterium prausnitzii abundance (MaAsLin2 coefficient = 0.0746, FDR‐adjusted p = 0.0034$$$ MaAsLin2 coefficient = 0.0691, FDRadjusted p = 0.0195$$$ respectively) and a higher Bifidobacterium pseudocatenulatum abundance (MaAsLin2 coefficient = 0.0022, FDR‐adjusted p = 0.0673$$$ MaAsLin2 coefficient = 0.0022, FDR‐adjusted p = 0.1135$$$ respectively) in LF compared to HF and CON in univariable models. Functional analyses revealed 11 significant associations including a lower abundance of UDP‐glucose‐derived O‐antigen building blocks biosynthesis pathway (MaAsLin2 coefficient = ‐0.0006, FDR‐adjusted p = 0.1584) related to lipopolysaccharides (LPS) production in HF compared to CON in a multivariable model and a lower L‐methionine biosynthesis III pathway abundance (MaAsLin2 coefficient = ‐0.0015, FDR‐adjusted p = 0.1975) in LF compared to HF in a univariable model. In conclusion, consumption of ≥ 3 servings/d of LF and HF dairy changed the gut microbiota of patients with T2D compared to CON. Further analysis will reveal whether a decrease in LPS biosynthesis‐related pathway in HF influences inflammation. .
Ultra heat treatment destroys cholesterol-lowering effect of soy protein$$$ A randomized, placebo‐controlled, double‐blind clinical study was performed to investigate the dose‐dependent response of serum cholesterol after consuming an ultra‐heat‐treated milk containing a soy protein preparation. Eighty hypercholesterolemic subjects were assigned to one of four study groups receiving 12.5 or 25 g soy protein (active treatment) or casein (placebo) daily over a period of 4 weeks. The trial substances were provided as ready‐made, ultra‐heated milk preparations. Before and after the treatment, serum concentrations of total, low‐density lipoprotein, and high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol were determined. Unexpectedly, at the end of the study, low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations were significantly increased compared with baseline in all study groups. The magnitude of this increase (17‐19%) was similar in all active and placebo study groups. Soy protein supplements previously shown to be effective in reducing serum cholesterol had in this study no such lipid‐lowering effect after ultra heat treatment.
Impaired postprandial endothelial function depends on the type of fat consumed by healthy men$$$ Postprandial lipemia impairs endothelial function possibly via an oxidative stress mechanism. A stearic acid‐rich triacylglycerol (TAG) (shea butter) results in a blunted postprandial increase in plasma TAG compared with an oleic acid‐rich TAG$$$ however, its acute effects on endothelial function and oxidative stress are unknown. A randomized crossover trial (n = 17 men) compared the effects of 50 g fat, rich in stearic acid [shea butter blend (SA)] or oleic acid [high oleic sunflower oil (HO)], on changes in endothelial function [brachial artery flow‐mediated dilatation (FMD)], arterial tone [pulse wave analysis (PWA), and carotid‐femoral pulse wave velocity (PWV(c‐f))], and oxidative stress (plasma 8‐isoprostane F2alpha) at fasting and 3 h following the test meals. The postprandial increase in plasma TAG was lower (66% lower incremental area under curve) following the SA meal [28.3 (9.7, 46.9)] than after the HO meal [83.4 (57.0, 109.8)$$$ P < 0.001] (geometric means with 95% CI, arbitary units). Following the HO meal, there was a decrease in FMD [‐3.0% (‐4.4, ‐1.6)$$$ P < 0.001] and an increase in plasma 8‐isoprostane F2alpha [10.4ng/L (3.8, 16.9)$$$ P = 0.005] compared with fasting values, but no changes followed the SA meal. The changes in 8‐isoprostane F2alpha and FMD differed between meals and were 14.0 ng/L (6.4, 21.6$$$ P = 0.001) and 1.75% (0.10, 3.39$$$ P = 0.02), respectively. The reductions in PWA and PWV c‐f did not differ between meals. This study demonstrates that a stearic acid‐rich fat attenuates the postprandial impairment in endothelial function compared with an oleic acid‐rich fat and supports the hypothesis that postprandial lipemia impairs endothelial function via an increase in oxidative stress.
A combination of single nucleotide polymorphisms is associated with the interindividual variability in the blood lipid response to dietary fatty acid consumption in a randomized clinical trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Blood lipid concentrations display high interindividual variability in response to dietary interventions, partly due to genetic factors. Existing studies have focused on single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) analyzed individually, which only explain a limited fraction of the variability of these complex phenotypes. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to identify combinations of SNPs associated with the variability in LDL cholesterol and triglyceride (TG) concentration changes following 5 dietary interventions. DESIGN: In a multicenter randomized crossover trial, 92 participants with elevated waist circumference and low HDL cholesterol concentrations consumed 5 isoenergetic diets for 4 wk: a diet rich in saturated fatty acids (SFAs) from cheese, SFA from butter, monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs), n‐6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), and a diet higher in carbohydrates (CHO). The association between 22 candidate SNPs in genes involved in lipid and bile acid metabolism and transport and changes in LDL cholesterol and TG concentrations was assessed with univariate statistics followed by partial least squares regression. RESULTS: Endpoint LDL cholesterol concentrations were significantly different (cheese: 3.18 ± 0.04, butter: 3.31 ± 0.04, MUFA: 3.00 ± 0.04, PUFA: 2.81 ± 0.04, CHO: 3.11 ± 0.04 mmol/L$$$ P < 0.001) while endpoint TG concentrations were not (P = 0.117). Both displayed consistently elevated interindividual variability following the dietary interventions (CVs of 34.5 ± 2.2% and 55.8 ± 1.8%, respectively). Among the 22 candidate SNPs, only ABCA1‐rs2066714 and apolipoprotein E (APOE) isoforms exhibited consistent significant effects, namely on LDL cholesterol concentrations. However, several SNPs were significantly associated with changes in LDL cholesterol and TG concentrations in a diet‐specific fashion. Generated multivariate models explained from 16.0 to 33.6% of the interindividual variability in LDL cholesterol concentration changes and from 17.5 to 32.0% of that in TG concentration changes. CONCLUSIONS: We report combinations of SNPs associated with a significant part of the variability in LDL cholesterol and TG concentrations following dietary interventions differing in their fatty acid profiles.
Antihypertensive effects of lactotripeptides on unattended office and abulatory blood pressure. a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study$$$ Milk fermentation by Lactobacillus helveticus produces some tripeptides (VPP and IVP) with sustained ACE‐inhibitor activity that have shown to lower blood pressure (BP) in experimental animals and in humans. Grana Padano DOP, an Italian cheese, has shown a potent in vitro ACE‐inhibitory effect due to its high concentration of such tripeptides. Present data refer to a randomized, double‐blind, placebo controlled, study in which 30 mild‐moderate hypertensive patients received a dietary integration with Grana Padano DOP. At base‐line all patients had BP not on target (>140 and/or 90 mmHg) after their usual treatment and received a dietary integration with Grana Padano (1 ounce per day) and placebo, in cross over fashion.BP was evaluated at baseline and at the end of the active and placebo treatment (2 months each) by Office and unattended Office BP (using the BpTRU, average of 5 consecutive BP readings) and by ambulatory BP monitoring (ABPM). Results: dietary integration with Grana Padano resulted in a significant decreased in systolic and diastolic office and unattended office BP (‐6 mmHg for systolic and‐5 mmHg for diastolic BP). ABPM confirmed a sustained antihypertensive effect of such integration (see table). In conclusion, the diaily integration with 1 ounce of Grana Padano DOP cheese caused a significant decrease in systolic and diastolic BP pressure in hypertensive patients. No changes in BMI, total and HDL cholesterol, triglycerides, glucose, serum sodium and potassium levels were observed. The statistically significant drop in BP may be considered also clinically significant since the majority (67%) of the patients reached normal BP levels at the end of active treatment.
Randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, cross-over study on the antihypertensive effect of dietary integration with Grana Padano DOCG cheese$$$ Cow‐milk fermentation induced by Lactobacillus helveticus produces peptides with sustained ACE inhibitory activity, mainly dues to 2 tripeptides (valyl‐prolyl‐proline and isoleucil‐prolyl‐proline) that have shown to lower blood pressure (BP) in experimental animals and in humans. Grana Padano DOCG, an Italian semi‐fat hard cheese, has shown a potent in‐vitro ACE‐inhibitory effect due its high concentration of such tripeptides. In a previous randomized, open‐label, controlled study, the daily dietary integration with Grana Padano cheese was accompanied by significant decrease in systolic and diastolic BP in hypertensive patient (Crippa et al, J Clin Hypertens, 2013). Present data refers to a randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, cross‐over study in which 30 mild‐moderate hypertensive individuals, presenting with BP values not on target (>140 and/or >90 mmHg) after their usual and stable (3 months at least) treatment. All patients received, in random fashion, a dietary integration with Grana Padano Cheese (30 g per day) and placebo (obtained with flavored bread mixed with fats and salts in concentrations equal to those of the cheese). BP was evaluated at baseline and at the end of the active and placebo treatment (2 months each) by:‐Office BP (OBP)‐Automated Office BP‐Ambulatory BP (ABP) monitoring. Automated Office BP was measured by using the BpTRU, (VSM MedTech Ltd, Vancouver, Canada), an automated oscillometric device that provides multiple blood pressure measurements in an office setting in the absence of a healthcare professional. It allows 6 consecutive readings at 1 minute intervals and provides the average of the last 5 measurements. Results: Dietary integration with Grana Padano cheese resulted in a significant decrease in systolic and diastolic Office and Automated Office BP (BpTRU) mean values (Student's t test: p< 0.05 and p < 0.025). No changes in BMI, total and HDL cholesterol, triglycerides, blood glucose, serum sodium and potassium levels were found after the dietary integration both with respect to baseline and placebo.
Effect of High versus Low Dairy Consumption on the Gut Microbiome: results of a Randomized, Cross-Over Study$$$ The influence of dairy on the gut microbiome has not been studied extensively. We performed a randomized cross‐over study to analyze the effect of high dairy intake on the gut microbiome. Subjects were randomly assigned to a high‐dairy diet (HDD) (5–6 dairy portions per day) and a low‐dairy diet (LDD) (≤1 dairy portion per day) for 6 weeks with a washout period of 4 weeks in between both diets. The gut microbiome was assessed using 16S rRNA gene sequencing. Compositionality and functionality of the gut microbiome was assessed using Quantitative Insights Into Microbial Ecology (QIIME) and Phylogenetic Investigation of Communities by Reconstruction of Unobserved States (PICRUSt). Stool consistency was evaluated using the Bristol stool chart. In total, 46 healthy overweight subjects (BMI range 25–30 kg/m2) completed both intervention periods. During the HDD, there was a significantly higher abundance of the genera Streptococcus, Leuconostoc, and Lactococcus, and the species Streptococcus thermophilus, Erysipelatoclostridium ramosum and Leuconostoc mesenteroides (pFDR < 0.10). Furthermore, during the HDD, there was a significantly lower abundance of the genera Faecalibacterium and Bilophila, and the species Faecalibacterium prausnitzii, Clostridium aldenense, Acetivibrio ethanolgignens, Bilophila wadsworthia and Lactococcus lactis (pFDR < 0.10). There were eight subjects who became constipated during the HDD and these subjects all had a lower abundance of F. prausnitzii. This is the first cross‐over study in which the effect of an HDD compared to an LDD on the gut microbiome has been studied. An HDD led to a significantly different composition of the gut microbiome, with a particularly lower abundance of F. prausnitzii and a higher abundance of S. thermophilus. Constipation was observed in several subjects during the HDD. Predicted metabolic pathways were not significantly altered due to an HDD.
Ethanol with a mixed meal decreases the incretin levels early postprandially and increases postprandial lipemia in type 2 diabetic patients$$$ Increased postprandial lipemia is a risk marker of cardiovascular disease (CVD). While moderate alcohol drinking is associated with a reduced risk of CVD in nondiabetic and type 2 diabetic patients, it is also known that alcohol increases postprandial triacylglycerol levels. The incretins, glucose‐dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP) and glucagon‐like peptide 1 (GLP‐1), are important hormones from the gut that enhance nutrient‐stimulated insulin secretion. Their responses to a moderate alcohol dose in type 2 diabetes have not previously been studied. We sought to determine how alcohol influences postprandial lipid and incretin levels in patients with type 2 diabetes when taken in combination with a fat‐rich mixed meal. Eleven patients with type 2 diabetes ingested on 3 separate days in random order 3 different meals containing: 100 g butter alone or 100 g butter in combination with 40 g alcohol and 50 g carbohydrate, or 100 g butter and 120 g carbohydrate. The meal with alcohol and 50 g carbohydrate was isocaloric to that of 120 g carbohydrate. Triacylglycerol levels were measured after separation by ultracentrifugation into a chylomicron‐rich fraction with Svedberg flotation unit values (Sf) > 1,000, and a chylomicron‐poor fraction with Sf < 1,000. Supplementation of a fat‐rich mixed meal with alcohol in type 2 diabetic subjects suppressed GLP‐1 early in the postprandial phase and increased the late triacylglycerol responses compared with the 2 other meals. In the chylomicron‐rich fraction, both triacylglycerol and cholesterol were increased by alcohol. No significant differences in high‐density lipoprotein (HDL)‐cholesterol levels were seen. Isocaloric amounts of carbohydrate and alcohol suppressed equally the postprandial free fatty acid levels, but carbohydrate increased the postprandial glucose, GIP, and insulin levels the most. Early in the postprandial phase, alcohol suppresses the incretin responses and increases the late postprandial triacylglycerol levels in type 2 diabetic patients. Whether this reflects an alcohol‐induced suppression of the incretin response, which adds to the alcohol‐induced impairment of triacylglycerol clearance in type 2 diabetic patients, remains to be elucidated.
Postprandial endothelial dysfunction in subjects with new-onset type 2 diabetes: an acarbose and nateglinide comparative study$$$ BACKGROUND: Postprandial hyperglycemia is believed to affect vascular endothelial function. The aim of our study was to compare the effects of acarbose and nateglinide on postprandial endothelial dysfunction. METHODS: We recruited a total of 30 patients with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes (19 men and 11 women, age 67.8 +/‐ 7.3 years). Patients were randomly assigned to 3 groups receiving either 300 mg/day acarbose, 270 mg/day nateglinide, or no medication. A cookie test (consisting of 75 g carbohydrate, 25 g butter fat, and 7 g protein for a total of 553 kcal) was performed as dietary tolerance testing. During the cookie test, glucose and insulin levels were determined at 0, 30, 60, and 120 min after load. In addition, endothelial function was assessed by % flow‐mediated dilation (FMD) of the brachial artery at 0 and 120 min after cookie load. RESULTS: Postprandial glucose and insulin levels were similar in the 3 groups. Postprandial endothelial dysfunction was similar in the 3 groups before treatment. After 12 weeks of intervention, postprandial FMD was significantly improved in the acarbose group compared with the control group (6.8 +/‐ 1.3% vs 5.2 +/‐ 1.1%, p = 0.0022). Area under the curve (AUC) for insulin response was significantly increased in the nateglinide and control groups$$$ however, no significant change was observed in the acarbose group. CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that acarbose improves postprandial endothelial function by improvement of postprandial hyperglycemia, independent of postprandial hyperinsulinemia. Acarbose may thus have more beneficial effects on postprandial endothelial function in patients with type 2 diabetes than nateglinide.
A six-month double-blind randomized controlled trial: the effects of soy protein with isoflavones on lipid profiles, inflammatory markers and cardiovascular risk among postmenopausal Chinese women with early hyperglycemia$$$ Objective: Observational studies note that regular dietary soy protein intake (6∼11 g) has a significant association with lower blood lipids, however, these observations have not been confirmed by clinical trials. This study aims to ascertain the effects of soy protein (15g) with isoflavones or isoflavones alone on serum lipid profiles, inflammatory markers (C‐reactive protein and uric acid) and composite cardiovascular risk in Chinese menopausal women. Methods: A double‐blind randomized, placebo‐controlled trial was conducted among 180 postmenopausal Chinese women with prediabetes or early untreated diabetes, aged 46‐70y and on average 6.0 years from menopause. Participants were randomly assigned to one of the 3 arms to receive either of 15g soy protein and 100mg isoflavone (Soy group), or 15g milk protein and 100mg isoflavone (Iso group) or 15g milk protein (placebo group) on a daily basis for 6 months. Results: The results showed that no significant difference was observed in serum HDL‐C, LDL‐C, TC, TG, high sensitive C‐reactive protein and a composite 10‐year cardiovascular risk between the 3 groups at both 3‐and 6‐month. Serum uric acid marginally increased by 1.22% in Soy group and decreased by 4.28% and 4.82% in Iso and placebo group at 3‐month (p=0.087), but no difference was observed at 6 months (p=0.264). Conclusion: Soy protein with isoflavones or isoflavones alone at provided dosage showed no significantly beneficial effects on cardiovascular risks in postmenopausal Chinese women with early hyperglycemia.
Beneficial effect of camel milk in diabetic nephropathy$$$ Diabetic nephropathy is originally microvascular in nature and is widely considered an important complication of diabetes. The present study was carried out to determine the efficacy of camel milk in controlling diabetic nephropathy. Twenty‐four type‐1 diabetic patients were randomly recruited from the outpatient diabetic clinic in PBM Hospital, Bikaner, India. All subjects gave their written consent before participation in the study. Patients with any acute metabolic complications were not included in the study. Eligible patients entered a run‐in period of 1 month in which they were oriented to achieve the best possible glycemic control through standardized diet, standardized exercise regimen and insulin administration. During this period frequent monitoring of blood sugar was performed to maintain euglycemia. At the end of the run‐in period, a base line evaluation was performed, then these patients were given camel milk in addition with usual care for six months. Urine microalbumin and blood sugar was measured twice a week before breakfast and dinner. There was a significant improvement in the microalbuminuria (119.48 +/‐ 1.68 to 22.52 +/‐ 2.68$$$ p < 0.001) after receiving camel milk for 6 months. A significant reduction in the mean dose of insulin for obtaining glycemic control was achieved (41.61 +/‐ 3.08 to 28.32 +/‐ 2.66$$$ p < 0.01). This study was performed to observe the role of camel milk in controlling microalbuminuria levels in type‐1 diabetic patients. It was observed that after adding camel milk to the usual regimen an improvement in microalbuminuria was reached (119.48 +/‐ 1.68 to 22.52 +/‐ 2.68$$$ p < 0.001). This may be due to good glycemic control or to the direct effect of camel milk. The mechanism behind this effect is still unknown.
Individual and Combined Effects of Almond, Dark Chocolate, and Cocoa Consumption on the Stool Microbiota of Individuals With Overweight or Obesity$$$ Objectives: Almonds containing unsaturated fats, fiber, and phytosterols and dark chocolate and cocoa containing flavanols have been shown to improve markers of cardiometabolic health and may alter the stool microbiota. To investigate the individual and combined effects of almonds, dark chocolate, and cocoa on the stool microbiota of adults with overweight or obesity. Methods: A secondary analysis was conducted on samples from a published 4‐period (4‐wk/period) controlled‐feeding crossover trial in adults with overweight or obesity. Participants (n=20, 9f/11m$$$ 44.3 ± 9.4 y$$$ 29.0 ± 2.5 kg/m2) consumed similar diets containing the following foods: 42.5 g of raw almonds (ALD, 253 kcal/d), 18 g of cocoa and 43 g of dark chocolate (CHOC, 251 kcal/d), both (ALD+CHOC, 504 kcal/d), or a control average American diet (AAD). Study foods replaced an isocaloric amount of butter, cheese, and refined grains in the AAD. Stool samples were collected at the beginning of the trial and the end of each diet period. Stool microbiota were measured using 16S sequencing. Community richness (α‐diversity) was tested by amplicon sequence variant counts, Chao1 index, and Shannon index. Community dissimilarity (β‐diversity) was assessed using the Bray‐Curtis index. Bacterial relative abundance modulated by diet was tested with linear mixed models. Results: Indices of α‐ and β‐diversity were similar between diets. Lactococcus abundance was higher after AAD (mean ± SD, 0.13 ± 0.15%) compared to ALD (0.01 ± 0.02%, p=0.0014), CHOC (0.02 ± 0.02%, p=0.0017), and ALD+CHOC (0.01 ± 0.02%, p=0.0005). Faecalibacterium abundance was higher after ALD (8.5 ± 6.8%) vs. AAD (4.5 ± 3.9%, p=0.0077). Clostridium_III abundance was higher after ALD (0.41 ± 0.34%, p=0.027) and ALD+CHOC (0.42 ± 0.36%, p=0.014) compared to AAD (0.21 ± 0.28%). In addition, Clostridium_III abundance was higher after ALD (p=0.018) and ALD+CHOC (p=0.0076) compared to CHOC (0.19 ± 0.16%). Lachnobacterium abundance was higher after ALD+CHOC (0.35 ± 0.35%) vs. AAD (0.13 ± 0.15%, p=0.015) and CHOC (0.11 ± 0.07%, p=0.0074). Conclusions: In those with overweight or obesity, replacing butter, cheese, and refined grains with almonds and/or dark chocolate and cocoa alters stool microbial composition. More research is needed to assess how microbial changes affect health. Funding Sources: The Hershey Company and the Almond Board of California.
Effects of Almond Snacking on Metabolome, Bile Acids, and Gut Health Markers in Adults With Overweight or Obesity$$$ Objectives: To assess the effects of almonds on the modulation of intestinal and circulatory metabolome, bile acids, and gut health markers in adults with overweight or obesity. Methods: A secondary assessment was conducted on stool‐serum from a previously published randomized, crossover, and controlled‐feeding clinical trial in adult (n=15$$$ age 30–70 y) with overweight or obesity. Participants consumed two isocaloric weight‐maintenance diets: (1) a control average American diet (AAD), and (2) a similar diet containing 42.5 g/d of almonds (ALD). AAD included an isocaloric amount of butter, cheese, and refined grains instead of almonds. Each diet period lasted 4‐weeks, followed by a 2‐week compliance break. Fecal and blood specimens were collected at the end of each diet period. Fecal and serum metabolomes were measured by NMR spectroscopy. Serum bile acids (BAs) were measured by mass spectroscopy. Gut integrity, inflammation, and satiety markers were measured using multiplex ELISA assays. Results: ALD diet induces broader changes in metabolite and BA arrays compared to AAD. In the gut, almonds lower levels of the gut‐derived oncometabolite formate and branched‐chain and aromatic amino acids. The total stool BAs decrease after the ALD diet compared to AAD (median: ALD: 5276 nmol/g, AAD: 8064 nmol/g). Specifically, secondary BAs, including glycolithocholic acid, tends to be lower in the ALD group. The ALD diet induce moderately modulates serum metabolite profiles. Similar to gut metabolites, branched‐chain amino acids and aromatic amino acids are decreased, whereas acetate level is increased after ALD, though it does not reach significance. Interestingly, there are subtle signs of ketosis, with lowered glucose and higher 3‐hydroxybutyrate, after ALD, implying that almond snacking may enhance metabolic health by stimulating ketosis. Additionally, pro‐inflammatory markers, including IL‐10 and IL‐23, are significantly reduced, whereas active glucagon‐like peptide‐1 and peptide YY are significantly elevated after ALD. Conclusions: A diet containing almonds, compared to an average American diet may benefit overall gut and metabolic health by modulating gut‐plasma metabolomes and bile acid profiles and ameliorating inflammation biomarkers. Funding Sources: Almond Board of California.
A diet high in protein, dairy, and calcium attenuates bone loss over twelve months of weight loss and maintenance relative to a conventional high-carbohydrate diet in adults$$$ Weight loss causes bone mineral loss. Higher protein diets continue to be criticized for further potential harmful bone effects, including elevated urinary calcium, but may promote bone health if protein sources include dairy. Overweight middle‐aged subjects (n = 130, 59 males) were randomized to a diet providing 1.4 g.kg(‐1).d(‐1) protein and 3 daily servings of dairy (PRO) or 0.8 g.kg(‐1).d(‐1) protein and 2 daily servings of dairy (CARB) for 4 mo of weight loss plus 8 mo of weight maintenance. Diets prescribed 6276 kJ/d for females and 7113 kJ/d for males. Bone mineral content and density (BMD) for whole body (WB), lumbar spine (LS) and total hip (TH) were measured using dual X‐ray absorptiometry, and dietary intake using 3‐d weighed food records. Urinary calcium was measured using 24‐h collection at 0 and 8 mo for a subsample (n = 42). Participants lost body weight (mean, 95% CI) of 8.2% (7.5‐8.9%) at 4 mo, 10.6% (9.5‐11.8%) at 8 mo, and 10.5% (8.9‐12.0%) at 12 mo without differences between groups at any time (P = 0.64). At 12 mo, PRO BMD was higher by 1.6% (0.3‐3.0%) at WB, 2.1% (0.6‐3.7%) at LS, and 1.4% (0.2‐2.5%) at TH compared with CARB. PRO calcium intake was higher (PRO: 1140 +/‐ 58 mg/d, CARB: 766 +/‐ 46$$$ P < 0.01), as was urinary calcium (PRO: 163 +/‐ 15 mg/d, CARB: 100 +/‐ 9.2$$$ P < 0.01). A reduced‐energy diet supplying 1.4 g.kg(‐1).d(‐1) protein and 3 dairy servings increased urinary calcium excretion but provided improved calcium intake and attenuated bone loss over 4 mo of weight loss and 8 additional mo of weight maintenance.
Effects of orally disintegrated metoclopramide (ODM) in optimizing late outpatient endoscopy: a randomized doubleblind placebo-controlled clinical trial$$$ Introduction: Outpatient endoscopy is a standard procedure with one million procedures done every year. Approximately 320$ are lost for every days work lost both to the employer and the employee. Total 320 million dollars being lost every year. Six hours fasting for solids and 2 h for liquids are standard anesthesia guidelines prior to sedation. This study evaluates the beneficial effects of Orally Disintegrated Metoclopramide(ODM), a pro‐motility agent, given 20 min prior to the procedure in the late afternoon with 5 h post lunch interval. Methods: 517 patients (age: 25‐75 years) were randomized into three arms. Arm A (n = 172): ODM 10 mg, 20 min before endoscopy in the late afternoon$$$ Arm B (n = 172): oral Metoclopramide 10 mg, 30 min before endoscopy$$$ Arm C (N = 173): the placebo. The last solid meal was given at noon (one oz. of either chicken, turkey, or tuna with half an oz. of potato or fruits salads, without mayonnaise or dairy products, and 12 oz. of water) 5 h before endoscopy. The Anesthesiologist administered routine IV Propofol with documented pre‐ and post‐sedation time. The total time of pan endoscopy with six biopsies and recovery time were evaluated. Exclusions: active GI bleeding, DM, BMI>33, neuromuscular diseases, known gastric motility disorders, gastric malignancy, and drugs altering GI motility. Results: The total sedation time was similar (p = 0.91) between the ODM (5.1 ± 0.9 min$$$ mean ± SD) and oral Metoclopramide (5.6 ± 1.4 min) groups$$$ both groups were significantly shorter (p<0.001) than the placebo (12.6 ± 3.4 min$$$ p<0.001, one‐way ANOVA). Likewise, the recovery time was comparable(p = 0.75) between the ODM (11.7 ± 4.3 min) and oral Metoclopramide (10.9 ± 4.4 min) groups, with both being significantly shorter (p<0.001) than the placebo (27.9 ± 6.5 min$$$ p<0.001, one‐way ANOVA). No major side effects were observed in the ODM group, while dizziness and confusion occurred in both the oral Metoclopramide (n = 11 and 7) and placebo (n = 20 and 12) groups. Conclusions: The use of ODM in outpatient endoscopy is beneficial over standard endoscopy with reduced amount of sedation, prompt recovery, a wider safety profile and immense cost benefits both to the employer and the employee. A multicenter trial is needed to validate these findings.
Effect of energy-reduced diets high in dairy products and fiber on weight loss in obese adults$$$ OBJECTIVE: Studies suggest that high‐dairy and high‐fiber/low‐glycemic index diets may facilitate weight loss, but data are conflicting. The effects on weight loss and body fat of a high‐dairy diet and a diet high in dairy and fiber and low in glycemic index were compared with a standard diet. RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: Ninety obese subjects were recruited into a randomized trial of three diets designed to provide a calorie deficit of 500 calories/d over a 48‐week period. The study compared a moderate (not low)‐calcium diet with a high‐calcium diet. RESULTS: Seventy‐two subjects completed the study. Significant weight and fat loss occurred with all three diets. A diet with 1400 mg of calcium did not result in greater weight (11.8 +/‐ 6.1 kg) or fat (9.0 +/‐ 6.0 kg) loss than a diet with 800 mg of calcium (10.0 +/‐ 6.8 and 7.5 +/‐ 6.6 kg, respectively). A diet with 1400 mg of calcium, increased fiber content, and fewer high‐glycemic index foods did not result in greater weight (10.6 +/‐ 6.8 kg) or fat (8.5 +/‐ 7.8 kg) loss than the standard diet with 800 mg of calcium. Lipid profile, high‐sensitivity C‐reactive protein, leptin, fasting glucose, and insulin improved significantly, but there were no significant differences between the experimental diets and the control diet. DISCUSSION: We found no evidence that diets higher than 800 mg of calcium in dairy products or higher in fiber and lower in glycemic index enhance weight reduction beyond what is seen with calorie restriction alone.
Predictors of sustained maternal milk feeds in extremely preterm infants$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the predictors of maternal milk feeds (MMFs) in extremely preterm (EPT) infants during neonatal stay. STUDY DESIGN: Maternal characteristics, obstetrical data and infant characteristics were correlated to MMFs in 97 EPT infants during the first 6 weeks of life and at hospital discharge. RESULT: High MMFs (>90%) at second week predicted sustained MMFs the first 6 weeks of life$$$ nonuniversity education and non‐Nordic origin were unfavorable predictors. The proportion of MMFs the first 6 weeks of life and maternal age were positively associated with MMFs at discharge, whereas overweight was an unfavorable predictor. High MMFs at second week, assisted reproduction technology and employment were predictive factors for exclusive MMFs at discharge. CONCLUSION: High MMFs at week 2 promote sustained MMFs in EPT infants and exclusive MMFs at discharge. Mothers who are either young, overweight, non‐Nordic or without university education may need special interventions to establish successful lactation.
A clinical trial of the effects of dietary patterns on blood pressure. DASH Collaborative Research Group$$$ BACKGROUND: It is known that obesity, sodium intake, and alcohol consumption factors influence blood pressure. In this clinical trial, Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension, we assessed the effects of dietary patterns on blood pressure. METHODS: We enrolled 459 adults with systolic blood pressures of less than 160 mm Hg and diastolic blood pressures of 80 to 95 mm Hg. For three weeks, the subjects were fed a control diet that was low in fruits, vegetables, and dairy products, with a fat content typical of the average diet in the United States. They were then randomly assigned to receive for eight weeks the control diet, a diet rich in fruits and vegetables, or a "combination" diet rich in fruits, vegetables, and low‐fat dairy products and with reduced saturated and total fat. Sodium intake and body weight were maintained at constant levels. RESULTS: At base line, the mean (+/‐SD) systolic and diastolic blood pressures were 131.3+/‐10.8 mm Hg and 84.7+/‐4.7 mm Hg, respectively. The combination diet reduced systolic and diastolic blood pressure by 5.5 and 3.0 mm Hg more, respectively, than the control diet (P<0.001 for each)$$$ the fruits‐and‐vegetables diet reduced systolic blood pressure by 2.8 mm Hg more (P<0.001) and diastolic blood pressure by 1.1 mm Hg more than the control diet (P=0.07). Among the 133 subjects with hypertension (systolic pressure, > or =140 mm Hg$$$ diastolic pressure, > or =90 mm Hg$$$ or both), the combination diet reduced systolic and diastolic blood pressure by 11.4 and 5.5 mm Hg more, respectively, than the control diet (P<0.001 for each)$$$ among the 326 subjects without hypertension, the corresponding reductions were 3.5 mm Hg (P<0.001) and 2.1 mm Hg (P=0.003). CONCLUSIONS: A diet rich in fruits, vegetables, and low‐fat dairy foods and with reduced saturated and total fat can substantially lower blood pressure. This diet offers an additional nutritional approach to preventing and treating hypertension.
Discriminating Dietary Responses by Combining Transcriptomics and Metabolomics Data in Nutrition Intervention Studies$$$ SCOPE: Combining different "omics" data types in a single, integrated analysis may better characterize the effects of diet on human health. METHODS AND RESULTS: The performance of two data integration tools, similarity network fusion tool (SNFtool) and Data Integration Analysis for Biomarker discovery using Latent variable approaches for "Omics" (DIABLO$$$ MixOmics), in discriminating responses to diet and metabolic phenotypes is investigated by combining transcriptomics and metabolomics datasets from three human intervention studies: a postprandial crossover study testing dairy foods (n = 7$$$ study 1), a postprandial challenge study comparing obese and non‐obese subjects (n = 13$$$ study 2)$$$ and an 8‐week parallel intervention study that assessed three diets with variable lipid content on fasting parameters (n = 39$$$ study 3). In study 1, combining datasets using SNF or DIABLO significantly improve sample classification. For studies 2 and 3, the value of SNF integration depends on the dietary groups being compared, while DIABLO discriminates samples well but does not perform better than transcriptomic data alone. CONCLUSION: The integration of associated "omics" datasets can help clarify the subtle signals observed in nutritional interventions. The performance of each integration tool is differently influenced by study design, size of the datasets, and sample size.
Effects of a palatinose-based liquid diet (Inslow) on glycemic control and the second-meal effect in healthy men$$$ Postprandial hyperglycemia induces prolonged hyperinsulinemia, which is a risk factor for type 2 diabetes mellitus. Foods with a low glycemic index blunt the rapid rise in postprandial plasma glucose and insulin levels. We herein investigated the effects of a novel, palatinose‐based liquid diet (Inslow, Meiji Dairy Products, Tokyo, Japan) on postprandial plasma glucose and insulin levels and on the rate of substrate oxidation in 7 healthy men. Furthermore, to examine the effects of Inslow on the second‐meal effect, we quantified our subjects' postprandial plasma glucose, insulin, and free fatty acid levels for up to 7 hours after they ingested a breakfast containing Inslow or control formula, followed by a standard lunch 5 hours later. Our results showed that peak plasma glucose and insulin levels 30 minutes after Inslow loading were lower than after control formula loading. Postprandial fat oxidation rates in the Inslow group were higher than in the control formula group (P < .05). In the second‐meal effect study, plasma glucose and insulin levels after lunch in the Inslow group were lower than in the control formula group (P < .01), although the peak levels in these groups were not different. The free fatty acid concentration in the Inslow group immediately before lunch was significantly lower than in the control formula group (P < .05). In conclusion, consumption of Inslow at breakfast appears to improve patient glycemic control by reducing their postprandial plasma glucose and insulin levels after lunch (second‐meal effect).
DASH without the dash (of salt) can lower blood pressure$$$ While the debate regarding the effectiveness of dietary sodium restriction raged, the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) research group showed that a diet rich in fruits, vegetables, and low‐fat dairy products can reduce blood pressure in the general population and people with Stage I hypertension. The original DASH diet did not require either sodium restriction or weight loss ‐ the two traditional dietary tools to control blood pressure ‐ to be effective. A recent study from the DASH research group now finds that coupling the original DASH diet with sodium restriction is more effective than either dietary manipulation alone.
Effects on blood lipids of a blood pressure-lowering diet: the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) Trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Effects of diet on blood lipids are best known in white men, and effects of type of carbohydrate on triacylglycerol concentrations are not well defined. OBJECTIVE: Our goal was to determine the effects of diet on plasma lipids, focusing on subgroups by sex, race, and baseline lipid concentrations. DESIGN: This was a randomized controlled outpatient feeding trial conducted in 4 field centers. The subjects were 436 participants of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) Trial [mean age: 44.6 y$$$ 60% African American$$$ baseline total cholesterol: < or = 6.7 mmol/L (< or = 260 mg/dL)]. The intervention consisted of 8 wk of a control diet, a diet increased in fruit and vegetables, or a diet increased in fruit, vegetables, and low‐fat dairy products and reduced in saturated fat, total fat, and cholesterol (DASH diet), during which time subjects remained weight stable. The main outcome measures were fasting total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, and triacylglycerol. RESULTS: Relative to the control diet, the DASH diet resulted in lower total (‐0.35 mmol/L, or ‐13.7 mg/dL), LDL‐ (‐0.28 mmol/L, or ‐10.7 mg/dL), and HDL‐ (‐0.09 mmol/L, or ‐3.7 mg/dL) cholesterol concentrations (all P < 0.0001), without significant effects on triacylglycerol. The net reductions in total and LDL cholesterol in men were greater than those in women by 0.27 mmol/L, or 10.3 mg/dL (P = 0.052), and by 0.29 mmol/L, or 11.2 mg/dL (P < 0.02), respectively. Changes in lipids did not differ significantly by race or baseline lipid concentrations, except for HDL, which decreased more in participants with higher baseline HDL‐cholesterol concentrations than in those with lower baseline HDL‐cholesterol concentrations. The fruit and vegetable diet produced few significant lipid changes. CONCLUSIONS: The DASH diet is likely to reduce coronary heart disease risk. The possible opposing effect on coronary heart disease risk of HDL reduction needs further study.
Dairy calcium is related to changes in body composition during a two-year exercise intervention in young women$$$ OBJECTIVE: Relationships between micronutrients and dairy product intake and changes in body weight and composition over two years were investigated. DESIGN: Two year prospective non‐concurrent analysis of the effect of calcium intake on changes in body composition during a two year exercise intervention. SUBJECTS: 54 normal weight young women, 18 to 31 years of age. MEASURES OF OUTCOME: Mean intakes of nutrients of interest were determined from three‐day diet records completed at baseline and every six months for two years. The change in total body weight and body composition (assessed by dual x‐ray absorptiometry) from baseline to two years was also determined. RESULTS: Total calcium/kilocalories and vitamin A together predicted (negatively and positively, respectively) changes in body weight (R2 = 0.19) and body fat (R2 = 0.27). Further, there was an interaction of calcium and energy intake in predicting changes in body weight, such that, only at lower energy intakes, calcium intake (not adjusted for energy) predicted changes in body weight. CONCLUSIONS: Regardless of exercise group assignment, calcium adjusted for energy intake had a negative relationship and vitamin A intake a positive relationship with two year changes in total body weight and body fat in young women aged 18 to 31 years. Thus, subjects with high calcium intake, corrected by total energy intake, and lower vitamin A intake gained less weight and body fat over two years in this randomized exercise intervention trial.
An open labelled randomised control trial where oral Dextrose (Glucose) Gel will be used for treatment of low blood sugar (hypoglycemia) in neonates$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: 40 % dextrose gel: Route of administration: 40% dextrose gel will be applied on the buccal mucosa. Dose: 200mg/kg or 0.5ml/kg PER dose. T Frequency: The gel can be repeated after 1 hour of administration if GRBS values are between 25mg/dl to 50mg/dl. Duration of intervention: Upto 48 hours. Please note: Up to 6 doses of gel can be given within 48 hours but not more than 4 doses can be given in 24 hours. Control Intervention1: Feeds only: The neonate is given breast milk and skin to skin contact. If feeding is poor, expressed breast milk or formula feeds according to birth weight are given by paladai and GRBS is repeated after 1 hour. Based on repeat blood glucose levels, treatment options are decided as below 1. Blood glucose levels 25 mg /dl: Neonate is shifted to NICU and started on IV dextrose 2. Blood glucose 50mg/dl: Continue oral feeds, skin to skin and serial monitoring 3. Blood glucose 25mg/dl but 50mg/dl: Give oral feeds, skin to skin and monitor GRBS after one hour of feed. If 3 consecutive blood glucose levels are 25mg/dl but 50mg/dl or neonate becomes symptomatic, the neonate is shifted to NICU and started on IV dextrose. If blood glucose 50mg/dl, continue oral feeds, skin to skin and serial monitoring CONDITION: Health Condition 1: P70‐ Transitory disorders of carbohydrate metabolism specific to newborn PRIMARY OUTCOME: Rate of NICU admission for hypoglycemia.Timepoint: Outcome will be assessed at the end of 48 hours from introduction into the trial. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Exclusive breast feeding established at discharge and at 6 weeks of age $$$ Timepoint: Established Incidence of recurrent hypoglycemia or hyperglycemia after dextrose gel applicationTimepoint: Reduction in incidence of both Percentage of hypoglycemic episodes in neonates after administration of the gel $$$ $$$ Timepoint: Reduction in hypoglycemic episodes after gel administration INCLUSION CRITERIA: All asymptomatic neonates, >35 weeks of gestation with hypoglycemia (blood glucose levels <50mg/dl) in the first 48 hours of life, admitted at Kasturba Hospital, Manipal with any of the following risk factors NEONATAL FACTORS Small for gestation (SGA) (Birth weight <10th centile or <2500g) Large for gestation (LGA) (Birthweight >90th centile or >4000g) Intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) Discordant twin : Weight 20% less than the larger twin Late preterm (35‐36 weeks) Poor feeding Hypothermia MATERNAL FACTORS IDM : Gestational DM, Type 1 DM or Type 2 DM Maternal hypertension treated with Beta blockers Maternal Pre‐eclampsia Maternal Eclampsia
Acute effects of pistachio consumption on glucose and insulin, satiety hormones and endothelial function in the metabolic syndrome$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVE: Nut consumption has been found to decrease risk of coronary heart disease and diabetes and to promote healthy body weights possibly related to their favorable macronutrient profile. We therefore assessed the effect of pistachios on postprandial glucose and insulin levels, gut hormones related to satiety and endothelial function. SUBJECTS/METHODS: In this randomized crossover study, 20 subjects with metabolic syndrome consumed five study meals over 5‐10 weeks. The meals differed in fat type and quantity, but were matched according to available carbohydrates (CHOs). Three meals had 50 g available CHO: white bread (WB50g), white bread, butter and cheese (WB+B+Ch) and white bread and pistachios (WB+P). Two meals had 12 g available CHO: white bread (WB12g) and pistachios (P). RESULTS: Within each group of available CHO meals, postprandial glucose levels were the highest following the white bread‐only meals, and glucose response was significantly attenuated when butter and cheese or pistachios were consumed (P<0.05). Postprandial insulin levels were highest after the WB+B+Ch meal (P<0.05), but did not differ between the white bread‐only and pistachio meals. Both endothelial function (reactive hyperemia index) and arterial stiffness (augmentation index) significantly increased after the white bread‐only meals compared with the WB+B+Ch meal (all P<0.05). Insulin secretagogue levels were higher when butter and cheese or pistachios were consumed than when white bread only was consumed (P<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Compared with white bread, pistachio consumption reduced postprandial glycemia, increased glucagon‐like‐peptide levels and may have insulin‐sparing properties. These effects could be beneficial for individuals with diabetes and metabolic syndrome.
Effect of 1-year dairy product intervention on fat mass in young women: 6-month follow-up$$$ OBJECTIVE: Previous results from this laboratory suggest that a 1‐year dairy intake intervention in young women does not alter fat mass. The objective of this study was to determine the impact of the 1‐year dairy intervention 6 months after completion of the intervention. RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: Previously, normal‐weight young women (n = 154) were randomized to one of three calcium intake groups: control (<800 mg/d), medium dairy (1000 to 1100 mg/d), or high dairy (1300 to 1400 mg/d) for a 1‐year trial (n = 135 completed). In the current study, 51 women were assessed 6 months after completion of the intervention trial. Body compositions (body fat, lean mass) were measured using DXA. Self‐report questionnaires were utilized to measure activity and dietary intake (kilocalories, calcium). RESULTS: The high‐dairy group (n = 19) maintained an elevated calcium intake (1027 +/‐ 380 mg/d) at 18 months compared with the control group (n = 18, 818 +/‐ 292$$$ p = 0.02). Mean calcium intake over the 18 months predicted a negative change in fat mass (p = 0.04) when baseline BMI was controlled in regression analysis (model R(2) = 0.11). 25‐Hydroxyvitamin D levels were correlated with fat mass at each time‐point (baseline, r = ‐0.41, p = 0.003$$$ 12 months, r = ‐0.42, p = 0.002$$$ 18 months, r = ‐0.32, p = 0.02) but did not predict changes in fat mass. DISCUSSION: Dietary calcium intake over 18 months predicted a negative change in body fat mass. Thus, increased dietary calcium intakes through dairy products may prevent fat mass accumulation in young, healthy, normal‐weight women.
Fat oxidation and its relation to serum parathyroid hormone in young women enrolled in a 1-y dairy calcium intervention$$$ BACKGROUND: Increased dietary calcium is associated with changes in body composition. One proposed mechanism is that dietary calcium increases fat oxidation, potentially via regulation of serum parathyroid hormone (PTH) concentrations. OBJECTIVES: The objectives of the study were to determine whether acute or chronic increased dairy calcium intakes alter postprandial whole‐body fat oxidation and whether the increased intake is related to changes in PTH concentrations. DESIGN: Normal‐weight women aged 18‐30 y were randomly assigned to a low (<800 mg/d, control$$$ n = 10) or high (1000‐1400 mg/d$$$ n = 9) dietary calcium intake group for 1 y. Whole‐body fat oxidation was assessed by measuring respiratory gas exchange after each subject consumed 2 isocaloric liquid meals containing 100 or 500 mg Ca at baseline and 1 y. Fasting serum PTH was measured at baseline and 1 y. RESULTS: The mean 1‐y change in fat oxidation was higher in the high‐calcium group than in the low‐calcium control group after a low‐calcium meal (0.10 +/‐ 0.05 compared with 0.005 +/‐ 0.04 g/min$$$ P < 0.001) and a high‐calcium meal (0.06 +/‐ 0.05 compared with 0.03 +/‐ 0.04 g/min$$$ P < 0.05). The 1‐y change in serum log PTH was negatively associated with the 1‐y change in postprandial fat oxidation after a high‐calcium meal (partial r = ‐0.46, P < 0.04) when controlled for the1‐y change in total body fat mass. CONCLUSIONS: The results suggest that a chronic diet high in dairy calcium increases whole‐body fat oxidation from a meal, and increases in fasting serum PTH relate to decreases in postprandial whole‐body fat oxidation.
Hypotensive effects of solitary addition of conventional nonfat dairy products to the routine diet: a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: The high consumption of low‐fat and nonfat dairy products is associated with reduced risk of high blood pressure. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to investigate whether the solitary addition of nonfat dairy products to the normal routine diet was capable of lowering blood pressure in middle‐aged and older adults with elevated blood pressure. DESIGN: With the use of a randomized, crossover intervention‐study design, 49 adults (56% women) with elevated blood pressure (mean ± SEM age: 53 ± 2 y$$$ systolic blood pressure: 135 ± 1$$$ diastolic blood pressure: 80 ± 1 mm Hg) underwent a high‐dairy condition (+4 servings conventional nonfat dairy products/d) and isocaloric no‐dairy condition (+4 servings fruit products/d) in which all dairy products were removed. Both dietary conditions lasted 4 wk with a 2‐wk washout before crossing over into the alternate condition. RESULTS: The high‐dairy condition produced reductions in systolic blood pressure (135 ± 1 to 127 ± 1 mm Hg) and pulse pressure (54 ± 1 to 48 ± 1 mm Hg) (both P < 0.05). The hypotensive effects were observed within 3 wk after the initiation of the dietary intervention and in both casual seated and ambulatory (24‐h) measurements (P < 0.05). Pulse pressure was increased after the removal of all dairy products in the no‐dairy condition (54 ± 1 to 56 ± 1 mm Hg$$$ P < 0.05). There were no changes in diastolic blood pressure after either dietary condition. CONCLUSION: We concluded that the solitary manipulation of conventional dairy products in the normal routine diet would modulate blood pressure in middle‐aged and older adults with prehypertension and hypertension. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01577030.
The effect of angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE)-inhibiting dairy peptides in untreated hypertensive subjects: a randomized controlled trial$$$ 21st Scientific Meeting of the International Society of Hypertension$$$ 5th Asian‐Pacific Congress of Hypertension$$$ 29th Annual Scientific Meeting of the Japanese Society of Hypertension$$$ 2006 Oct 15‐19$$$ Fukuoka, Japan
Changes in Human Milk Composition Are Associated With Maternal BMI: an Untargeted Metabolomics Analysis of Milk Samples From the HAPIN Trial$$$ Objectives: Maternal overweight/obesity has been associated with poor lactation performance including delayed lactogenesis and reduced duration. However, the effect on breastmilk composition is less well understood. We evaluated the effect of maternal body mass index (BMI) on the human milk metabolome among breastfeeding Guatemalan mothers. Methods: We used data from a subset of 75 Guatemalan mothers who participated in the Household Air Pollution Intervention Network trial. Maternal BMI was measured between 9‐< 20 weeks gestation. Milk samples were collected at a single time point using aseptic collection, via breast pump or manual expression, from both breasts in the morning at six months postpartum and analyzed using high‐resolution mass spectrometry.We identified perturbations in metabolic pathways and features associated with maternal BMI using an established untargeted metabolome‐wise association study (MWAS) workflow, including pathway enrichment analysis and chemical annotation and confirmation. Two MWAS models were run using data from hydrophilic interaction (HILIC) and reverse phase (C18) liquid chromatography columns and adjusted for baseline maternal age, education, and dietary diversity. Results: The mean age of participants at baseline was 23.62 ± 3.81 years and mean BMI was 24.27 ± 4.22 kg/m2. The final analyses included 19,199 metabolic features from the HILIC column and 11,594 from the C18 column. Of these, 1026 and 500 features were significantly associated with continuous maternal BMI (p<0.05) from the HILIC and C18 columns respectively, representing 11 and 12 unique metabolic pathways. After adjusting for multiple comparisons using FDRBH<0.2, 5 significant features were identified from the HILIC column and none from the C18 column. Chemical identification confirmed the identity of 24 and 12 metabolites, from HILIC and C18, significantly associated with continuous maternal BMI. Conclusions: Findings from this untargeted MWAS indicate that maternal BMI is associated with metabolic perturbations of neurodevelopment‐related pathways, including glutamate and tryptophan metabolism, and future cardiometabolic risk, including branched‐chain amino acid metabolism. Funding Sources: This research was supported by awards from NIEHS (T32 012870$$$ P30ES019776).
Effect of a Novel Macrophage-Regulating Drug on Wound Healing in Patients With Diabetic Foot Ulcers: a Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Importance: Delayed healing of diabetic foot ulcers (DFUs) is known to be caused by dysregulated M1/M2‐type macrophages, and restoring the balance between these macrophage types plays a critical role in healing. However, drugs used to regulate M1/M2 macrophages have not yet been studied in large randomized clinical trials. Objective: To compare the topical application of ON101 cream with use of an absorbent dressing (Hydrofiber$$$ ConvaTec Ltd) when treating DFUs. Design, Setting, and Participants: This multicenter, evaluator‐blinded, phase 3 randomized clinical trial was performed in 21 clinical and medical centers across the US, China, and Taiwan from November 23, 2012, to May 11, 2020. Eligible patients with debrided DFUs of 1 to 25 cm2present for at least 4 weeks and with Wagner grade 1 or 2 were randomized 1:1 to receive ON101 or control absorbent dressings. Interventions: Twice‐daily applications of ON101 or a absorbent dressing changed once daily or 2 to 3 times a week for 16 weeks, with a 12‐week follow‐up. Main Outcomes and Measures: The primary outcome was the incidence of complete healing, defined as complete re‐epithelialization at 2 consecutive visits during the treatment period assessed on the full‐analysis set (FAS) of all participants with postrandomization data collected. Safety outcomes included assessment of the incidences of adverse events, clinical laboratory values, and vital signs. Results: In the FAS, 236 eligible patients (175 men [74.2%]$$$ mean [SD] age, 57.0 [10.9] years$$$ mean [SD] glycated hemoglobin level, 8.1% [1.6%]) with DFUs classified as Wagner grade 1 or 2 (mean [SD] ulcer area, 4.8 [4.4] cm2) were randomized to receive either the ON101 cream (n = 122) or the absorbent dressing (n = 114) for as long as 16 weeks. The incidence of complete healing in the FAS included 74 patients (60.7%) in the ON101 group and 40 (35.1%) in the comparator group during the 16‐week treatment period (difference, 25.6 percentage points$$$ odds ratio, 2.84$$$ 95% CI, 1.66‐4.84$$$ P <.001). A total of 7 (5.7%) treatment‐emergent adverse events occurred in the ON101 group vs 5 (4.4%) in the comparator group. No treatment‐related serious adverse events occurred in the ON101 group vs 1 (0.9%) in the comparator group. Conclusions and Relevance: In this multicenter randomized clinical trial, ON101 exhibited better healing efficacy than absorbent dressing alone in the treatment of DFUs and showed consistent efficacy among all patients, including those with DFU‐related risk factors (glycated hemoglobin level, ≥9%$$$ ulcer area, >5 cm2$$$ and DFU duration, ≥6 months). Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT01898923.
Effect of coffee consumption on the progression of type 2 diabetes mellitus among prediabetic individuals$$$ BACKGROUND: A previous large‐scale cohort study investigated the relationship between coffee intake and the progression of diabetes mellitus in the United States. However, studies on the effects of coffee on diabetes are rare in South Korea. Therefore, this study assessed the amount and method of coffee intake in Koreans in order to determine if coffee intake has a prophylactic effect on diabetes progression. METHODS: This study included 3,497 prediabetic patients from a single medical institution, with glycated hemoglobin levels ranging from 5.7% to 6.4%. Cross‐tabulation and Kaplan‐Meier survival analyses were performed to compare patients with and without diabetes progression based on the frequency and method of coffee intake. Cox proportional hazard analysis was performed to correct for confounding variables. RESULTS: The observation period (mean±standard deviation) was 3.7±2.3 years. Kaplan‐Meier survival analysis revealed that the risk of diabetes progression was lowest in patients who drank black coffee three or more times per day (P=0.036). However, correction for confounding variables in Cox proportional hazard analysis revealed that, while the risk was lower for the patients who typically consumed black coffee than for those who mixed creamer and sugar into their coffees, the difference was not significant. CONCLUSION: The results of this study suggest that drinking coffee without sugar and creamer at least three times daily has the greatest preventive effect on diabetes onset.
Maternal supplementation with CLA decreases milk fat in humans$$$ CLA refers to isomers of octadecadienoic acid with conjugated double bonds. The most abundant form of CLA (rumenic acid (RA): c9,t11‐18:2) is found in milk and beef fat. Further, CLA supplements containing RA and t10,c12‐18:2 are now available. Consumption of commercially produced CLA has been shown to decrease adipose accretion in growing laboratory and production animals and cause milk fat depression in cows. We tested the hypothesis that CLA supplementation would increase milk CLA concentration and decrease milk fat content in humans. Breastfeeding women (n = 9) participated in this double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, crossover study divided into three periods: intervention I (5 d), washout (7 d), and intervention II (5 d). Women were randomized to treatment order. During each intervention period, women consumed 1.5 g of CLA supplement or placebo (olive oil) daily$$$ during the washout period, no supplements were consumed. Milk was collected by complete breast expression on the final day of each period$$$ milk output was estimated by 24‐h weighing on the penultimate day of each intervention period. Milk RA and t10,c12‐18:2 concentrations were greater (P < 0.05) during the CLA treatment period as compared to the placebo period. Milk fat content was significantly lower during the CLA treatment, as compared to the placebo treatment (P < 0.05). Data indicate no effect of treatment on milk output. Therefore, it would be prudent that lactating women not consume commercially available CLA supplements at this time.
Glycemic and insulin index of fiber fortified milk and curd$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: 3% fat milk: 3% fat milk providing 25/50g available carbohydrate will be given to study participants on separate day Intervention2: Fibre fortified milk: optimal fibre fortified milk providing 25/50g available carbohydrate will be tested Intervention3: Fibre fortified curd: optimal fibre fortified milk and curd providing 25/50g available carbohydrate will be given as one of the test foods Intervention4: 3% fat curd: 3% fat curd providing 25/50g available carbohydrate will be given to study participants on separate day Control Intervention1: Reference Glucose: Glucose providing 25/50g available carbohydrate will be given as reference food on 3 separate days in random order between test foods during the study period CONDITION: PRIMARY OUTCOME: GI value and category of food productsTimepoint: 3to6 months SECONDARY OUTCOME: Insulin index of food productsTimepoint: 3to6 months INCLUSION CRITERIA: â?¢Age ‐18 to 45 years â?¢BMI â?¤ 22.9 kg/ m2 â?¢Both male and female â?¢Willingness to consume the test foods â?¢no known food allergy or intolerance$$$ â?¢no medications known to affect glucose tolerance (excluding oral contraceptives) â?? stable doses of oral contraceptives, acetylsalicylic acid, thyroxin, vitamins and mineral supplements or drugs to treat hypertension or osteoporosis are acceptable.
A Randomized Trial of Mometasone Furoate 0.1% to Reduce High-Grade Acute Radiation Dermatitis in Breast Cancer Patients Receiving Postmastectomy Radiation$$$ PURPOSE: A 2‐arm, double‐blinded randomized trial was conducted to evaluate the efficacy of 0.1% mometasone furoate (MF) versus Eucerin Original (E) cream in preventing the development of moderate to severe acute radiation dermatitis (ARD) in breast cancer patients receiving postmastectomy radiation (PMRT). METHODS: Breast cancer patients undergoing chest wall with or without nodal radiation therapy (RT) (50 Gy) were eligible. Randomization (1:1) was to MF or E, applied twice daily from day 1 of PMRT to 14 days after PMRT. Patients were stratified by RT technique, body mass index, and reconstruction status. Daily bolus of 3 to 10 mm was applied in all patients. The primary endpoint was the development of provider‐assessed grade ≥2 (Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events version 4.03) ARD with moist desquamation or any grade ≥3 dermatitis. Secondary endpoints were time to occurrence of maximum‐grade dermatitis and patient‐reported skin symptoms using a skin‐related quality of life questionnaire, Skindex‐16. Assessments were performed at baseline, weekly during PMRT, and 2 weeks after PMRT. RESULTS: 124 patients were enrolled between May 2013 and February 2016. Of those, 35% had pathologic stage III disease, 6% had cT4d disease, and 68% underwent reconstruction. Sixty percent received 3‐dimensional conformal RT with photons only to the chest wall, 18% received electrons and photons, and 23% received inverse‐planned intensity modulated RT. Groups were well balanced for age, skin type, and stage. The rate of moist desquamation was 54.8% in the entire cohort, with a significantly reduced incidence in the MF arm than in the E arm (43.8% vs 66.7%$$$ P = .012). The MF arm had a lower incidence of maximum skin toxicities (P = .036) and longer time to development of grade 3 dermatitis (46 days vs 35.5 days, respectively$$$ P ≤ .001). There was no difference in patient‐reported skin outcomes between arms. CONCLUSIONS: Breast cancer patients receiving MF during PMRT experienced significantly reduced rates of moist desquamation in comparison with a control cream.
Effect of soy protein containing isoflavones on blood lipids in moderately hypercholesterolemic adults: a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Dietary intake of soy protein with isoflavones may be associated with reductions in serum cholesterol. OBJECTIVES: To compare the effects of a water‐washed soy protein concentrate with a milk‐protein based control on blood lipid levels in hyperlipidemic men and women. METHODS: A randomized, double‐blind, controlled clinical trial including 159 subjects. After a 3‐week run‐in period during which all subjects consumed a milk protein‐based supplement, participants were randomized into one of two groups: a control group (continued milk protein) and an intervention group (soy protein) for a five‐week period. Fasting venous blood draws for lipid measurement were obtained at baseline, towards the end of the run‐in period and at the end of the intervention. Blood isoflavone concentrations were measured at the end of the study. RESULTS: Blood lipid levels were not significantly different between groups at any point in time$$$ and there were no significant associations between blood isoflavones and lipid levels. Significant decreases in total cholesterol (19 mg/dL), and LDL‐cholesterol (11 mg/dL), were observed during the run‐in period, with no further decreases in lipids during the intervention period in either group. CONCLUSIONS: These results do not support the hypothesis that water‐washed soy protein has an effect on blood lipids. Several hypotheses are discussed, highlighting the selective nature of the effect of soy consumption in the population. The cholesterol‐lowering effect during the run‐in period may be explained by the "regression to the mean effect" and by other factors related to study participation, mainly nutrient displacement induced by the protein supplement.
The Vold-study: the effect of a 12-week self-composed vegan diet with or without concurrent resistance exercise on thigh muscle volume in older adults$$$ INTERVENTION: Self‐composed fully plant‐based (vegan) diet with or without concurrent RE. CONDITION: 10013296 10028302 Preventie cardiometabole aandoeningen $$$ age‐related muscle loss $$$ Sarcopenia PRIMARY OUTCOME: The main study parameter is the difference in change in TMV.$$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: ‐ Other body composition indices from MRI‐scan: thigh muscle fat infiltration, $$$ liver proton‐density fat fraction, visceral adipose tissue, Abdominal $$$ subcutaneous adipose tissue $$$ ‐ Muscle strength $$$ ‐ Muscle fractional synthesis rates $$$ ‐ Bone mineral density $$$ ‐ Bone turnover markers (C‐terminal telopeptide of type I collagen [CTX] and $$$ procollagen type I N‐terminal propeptide [PINP]) $$$ ‐ Insulin‐like growth factor 1 (IGF‐1) and parathyroid hormone (PTH) levels $$$ ‐ Insulin levels $$$ ‐ Dietary intake $$$ ‐ Metabolic profile $$$ ‐ Blood pressure $$$ ‐ Iron status $$$ ‐ Vitamin B12 status $$$ ‐ Vitamin D status $$$ ‐ Gastrointestinal symptoms $$$ ‐ Gut metabolomics and metagenomics $$$ ‐ High sensitive CRP $$$ ‐ DNA methylation $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ Aged >=65 years old$$$ ‐ Community‐dwelling$$$ ‐ BMI 23‐32 kg/m2$$$ ‐ Habitual diet contains animal‐based food products (i.e. dairy, meat and/or fish) at least 5 days per week$$$
Comparison of the effects of diets enriched in lauric, palmitic, or oleic acids on serum lipids and lipoproteins in healthy women and men$$$ The degree to which different saturated fatty acids exert their cholesterol‐raising effects is still unknown. Therefore, we studied the effect on serum lipids and lipoproteins of diets rich in lauric, palmitic, or oleic acids. Eighteen women and 14 men consumed in random order three experimental diets, each for 6 wk. The diets consisted of solid foods and contained 40% of energy as fat, of which 28% was supplied by the experimental fats. The fat high in lauric acid was a mixture of palm kernel oil (75%) and a high‐oleic acid sunflower oil (25%)$$$ the fat high in palmitic acid consisted of dairy fat (55%), palmstearin (36%), and sunflower oil (9%)$$$ and the fat high in oleic acid consisted of dairy fat (37%) and sunflower oil (63%). The calculated nutrient composition was the same in each diet except for approximately equal to 8.5% of energy, which was provided by lauric, palmitic, or oleic acids. With the lauric acid diet the subjects' serum total cholesterol concentration increased by 0.22 mmol/L (P = 0.0121$$$ 95% CI: 0.02, 0.41 mmol/L) as compared with the palmitic acid diet and by 0.48 mmol/L (P < 0.0001$$$ 95% CI: 0.29, 0.67 mmol/L) compared with the oleic acid diet. Total cholesterol concentrations with the palmitic acid diet were 0.26 mmol/L (P = 0.0012$$$ 95% CI: 0.07, 0.46 mmol/L) higher than with the oleic acid diet. High‐density‐lipoprotein (HDL)‐cholesterol concentrations increased by 0.12 mmol/L (P = 0.006$$$ 95% CI: 0.04, 0.20 mmol/L) with the lauric acid compared with the palmitic acid diet and by 0.14 mmol/L (P < 0.001$$$ 95% CI: 0.07, 0.22 mmol/L) compared with the oleic acid diet. HDL‐cholesterol concentrations with the palmitic acid and the oleic acid diet were the same. No effects were seen in serum triacylglycerol and lipoprotein(a) concentrations. We conclude that both lauric and palmitic acids are hypercholesterolemic compared with oleic acid. Lauric acid raises total cholesterol concentrations more than palmitic acid, which is partly due to a stronger rise in HDL cholesterol.
Diet quality among women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus in rural areas of Hunan Province$$$ Diet quality is critical for postpartum type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) progression among women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The Chinese Healthy Eating Index (CHEI) is a dietary index developed according to the latest Chinese Dietary Guidelines (CDG‐2016). Our study aimed to assess the diet quality of women with previous GDM in rural areas of Hunan Province by applying the CHEI. Women with previous GDM in two counties of Hunan were enrolled. Their food intake data, which were used to calculate their CHEI scores, were collected by a 24‐h dietary recall. The association of CHEI with sociodemographic and anthropometric variables was evaluated via linear regression models. 404 women were included in the final analysis. The mean score of the total CHEI was 54.9 (SD 7.9). The components of whole grains and mixed beans, seeds and nuts, tubers, dairy, and poultry scored extremely low. Ethnic minority groups and women younger than 30 years had lower CHEI scores. Our study observed an unsatisfactory diet quality among women with previous GDM in rural areas of Hunan Province. Future dietary education focusing on the CDG is needed to improve their diet quality and help in T2DM prevention among this population, especially young and ethnic minority women.
Urinary Metabolomic Profile of Preterm Infants Receiving Human Milk with Either Bovine or Donkey Milk-Based Fortifiers$$$ Fortification of human milk (HM) for preterm and very low‐birth weight (VLBW) infants is a standard practice in most neonatal intensive care units. The optimal fortification strategy and the most suitable protein source for achieving better tolerance and growth rates for fortified infants are still being investigated. In a previous clinical trial, preterm and VLBW infants receiving supplementation of HM with experimental donkey milk‐based fortifiers (D‐HMF) showed decreased signs of feeding intolerance, including feeding interruptions, bilious gastric residuals and vomiting, with respect to infants receiving bovine milk‐based fortifiers (B‐HMF). In the present ancillary study, the urinary metabolome of infants fed B‐HMF (n = 27) and D‐HMF (n = 27) for 21 days was analyzed by1H NMR spectroscopy at the beginning (T0) and at the end (T1) of the observation period. Results showed that most temporal changes in the metabolic responses were common in the two groups, providing indications of postnatal adaptation. The significantly higher excretion of galactose in D‐HMF and of carnitine, choline, lysine and leucine in B‐HMF at T1 were likely due to different formulations. In conclusion, isocaloric and isoproteic HM fortification may result in different metabolic patterns, as a consequence of the different quality of the nutrients provided by the fortifiers.
Blood pressure responses to high-calcium skim milk and potassium-enriched high-calcium skim milk$$$ OBJECTIVE: This study was designed to evaluate the effect of high‐calcium skim milk or potassium‐enriched high‐calcium skim milk on blood pressure compared with nonenriched skim milk. DESIGN: This was a randomized double‐blind controlled trial. Each milk intervention lasted for 4 weeks, with a minimum of 4 weeks of wash‐out between interventions. METHODS: We recruited 38 healthy people, aged over 40 years, to take part in a double‐blind, randomized, controlled cross‐over study. We asked them to replace their usual liquid milk with two servings per day of skim milk (control), high‐calcium skim milk or potassium‐enriched high‐calcium skim milk. We measured office blood pressures (seated and standing) at the start and after 2 and 4 weeks of milk intervention and we measured daytime ambulatory blood pressures at the start and after 4 weeks of milk intervention. Each milk intervention was interspaced by a 4‐week interval. RESULTS: Office systolic blood pressure (standing) decreased from 127 +/‐ 16 to 124 +/‐ 16 mmHg (P<0.05) after 4 weeks of skim milk and from 130 +/‐ 18 to 126 +/‐ 17 mmHg (P<0.05) after 4 weeks of high calcium skim milk. After 4 weeks of consuming the potassium‐enriched high‐calcium milk, systolic blood pressure decreased from 125 +/‐ 18 to 117 +/‐ 16 mmHg (P<0.001) seated, and from 130 +/‐ 16 to 122 +/‐ 15 mmHg (P<0.001) standing. There were no significant changes in office diastolic blood pressure after any milk. There was no change in ambulatory blood pressure after either skim milk or high‐calcium skim milk. After 4 weeks of potassium‐enriched high‐calcium milk, ambulatory daytime systolic blood pressure decreased from 138 +/‐ 13 to 135 +/‐ 11 mm Hg (P<0.05) and daytime diastolic blood pressure decreased from 80 +/‐ 8 to 78 +/‐ 9 mmHg (P<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: High‐calcium milk enriched with potassium has a small hypotensive effect in healthy people aged over 40 years.
Leucine supplementation of a low-protein mixed macronutrient beverage enhances myofibrillar protein synthesis in young men: a double-blind, randomized trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Leucine is a key amino acid involved in the regulation of skeletal muscle protein synthesis. OBJECTIVE: We assessed the effect of the supplementation of a lower‐protein mixed macronutrient beverage with varying doses of leucine or a mixture of branched chain amino acids (BCAAs) on myofibrillar protein synthesis (MPS) at rest and after exercise. DESIGN: In a parallel group design, 40 men (21 ± 1 y) completed unilateral knee‐extensor resistance exercise before the ingestion of 25 g whey protein (W25) (3.0 g leucine), 6.25 g whey protein (W6) (0.75g leucine), 6.25 g whey protein supplemented with leucine to 3.0 g total leucine (W6+Low‐Leu), 6.25 g whey protein supplemented with leucine to 5.0 g total leucine (W6+High‐Leu), or 6.25 g whey protein supplemented with leucine, isoleucine, and valine to 5.0 g total leucine. A primed continuous infusion of l‐[ring‐(13)C6] phenylalanine with serial muscle biopsies was used to measure MPS under baseline fasted and postprandial conditions in both a rested (response to feeding) and exercised (response to combined feeding and resistance exercise) leg. RESULTS: The area under the blood leucine curve was greatest for the W6+High‐Leu group compared with the W6 and W6+Low‐Leu groups (P < 0.001). In the postprandial period, rates of MPS were increased above baseline over 0‐1.5 h in all treatments. Over 1.5‐4.5 h, MPS remained increased above baseline after all treatments but was greatest after W25 (∼267%) and W6+High‐Leu (∼220%) treatments (P = 0.002). CONCLUSIONS: A low‐protein (6.25 g) mixed macronutrient beverage can be as effective as a high‐protein dose (25 g) at stimulating increased MPS rates when supplemented with a high (5.0 g total leucine) amount of leucine. These results have important implications for formulations of protein beverages designed to enhance muscle anabolism. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT 1530646.
Randomized controlled trial of the prophylactic effect of urea-based cream on sorafenib-associated hand-foot skin reactions in patients with advanced hepatocellular carcinoma$$$ Purpose: To assess whether urea‐based cream (UBC) has prophylactic benefits on sorafenib‐induced hand‐foot skin reaction (HFSR) in patients with advanced hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). Patients and Methods: In this randomized, open‐label trial, 871 patients with advanced HCC throughout China were treated with 10% UBC three times per day plus best supportive care (BSC$$$ n = 439) or BSC alone excluding all creams (n = 432), starting on day 1 of sorafenib treatment, for up to 12 weeks. HFSR was assessed every 2 weeks and at 14 weeks for patients completing the study. Once HFSR occurred, patients were allowed any cream, including a UBC. Results: The 12‐week incidence of any grade HFSR was significantly lower in the UBC group versus the BSC‐alone group (56.0% v 73.6%, respectively$$$ odds ratio [OR], 0.457$$$ 95% CI, 0.344 to 0.608$$$ P < .001), as was the incidence of grade > 2 HFSR (20.7% v 29.2%, respectively$$$ OR, 0.635$$$ 95% CI, 0.466 to 0.866$$$ P = .004). Median time to first occurrence of HFSR was significantly longer in the UBC group than the BSC‐alone group (84 v 34 days, respectively$$$ hazard ratio, 0.658$$$ 95% CI, 0.541 to 0.799$$$ P < .001). Elevated AST was associated with increased risk of HFSR but did not alter the treatment effect of UBC. UBC plus BSC, compared with BSC alone, did not affect the sorafenib dose reduction or interruption rate (9.1% v 11.8%, respectively$$$ P = .1937), response rate (11.1% v 10.1%, respectively$$$ P = .6674), or disease control rate (98.8% v 98.2%, respectively$$$ P = .5350) at week 12. Conclusion: UBC prophylaxis in patients with advanced HCC starting sorafenib reduced HFSR rates, extended the time to first occurrence of HFSR, and improved patient quality of life compared with BSC. Blinded, randomized, placebo‐controlled trials to determine the role of UBC on the incidence and severity of HFSR are warranted.
Imiquimod 5% cream for the treatment of superficial basal cell carcinoma: results from a randomized vehicle-controlled phase III study in Europe$$$ BACKGROUND: Imiquimod is an immune response modifier that acts through toll‐like receptor 7 to induce cytokine production and a subsequent innate and adaptive cell‐mediated immune response. Clinical studies have demonstrated clinical and histological clearance of superficial basal cell carcinoma (sBCC) after treatment with imiquimod 5% cream. OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the safety and clinical efficacy of imiquimod (Aldaratrade mark$$$ 3M Pharmaceuticals, St Paul, MN, U.S.A.) 5% cream for the treatment of sBCC in a multicentre, randomized, parallel, vehicle‐controlled, double‐blind, phase III clinical study conducted at 26 centres in Europe. METHODS: Subjects who had at least one histologically confirmed sBCC tumour were randomized to apply imiquimod or vehicle cream to the target tumour once daily, seven times per week (7 x/week) for 6 weeks. The target tumour location was identified with an indelible ink mark before treatment initiation. The treated tumour site was clinically assessed for treatment response at 12 weeks post‐treatment and was then excised for histological evaluation. Efficacy assessments included the composite response rates (proportion of subjects with clinical and histological clearance) and response rates solely based on histology (proportion of subjects with histological clearance). Safety assessments, which included adverse events and scoring of local skin reactions (LSRs), were carried out throughout the study. RESULTS: In total, 166 subjects were enrolled in this study. For the intent‐to‐treat dataset, there was a statistically significant difference between imiquimod and vehicle groups for both composite clearance rates (clinical and histological assessments) and histological clearance rates. Composite clearance was demonstrated in 77% and 6% of subjects treated with imiquimod and vehicle cream, respectively. Histological clearance was demonstrated in 80% and 6% of subjects treated with imiquimod and vehicle cream, respectively. The most frequently reported safety findings were investigator‐assessed LSRs and spontaneous reports by subjects of application site reactions, which occurred more frequently in the imiquimod group than in the vehicle group. CONCLUSIONS: Imiquimod 5% cream administered 7 x/week for 6 weeks is a safe and effective treatment for sBCC when compared with vehicle cream.
Surgical excision versus imiquimod 5% cream for nodular and superficial basal-cell carcinoma (SINS): a multicentre, non-inferiority, randomised controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Basal‐cell carcinoma is the most common form of skin cancer and its incidence is increasing worldwide. We aimed to assess the effectiveness of imiquimod cream versus surgical excision in patients with low‐risk basal‐cell carcinoma. METHODS: We did a multicentre, parallel‐group, pragmatic, non‐inferiority, randomised controlled trial at 12 centres in the UK, in which patients were recruited between June 19, 2003, and Feb 22, 2007, with 3 year follow‐up from June 26, 2006, to May 26, 2010. Participants of any age were eligible if they had histologically confirmed primary nodular or superficial basal‐cell carcinoma at low‐risk sites. We excluded patients with morphoeic or recurrent basal‐cell carcinoma and those with Gorlin syndrome. Participants were randomly assigned (1:1) via computer‐generated blocked randomisation, stratified by centre and tumour type, to receive either imiquimod 5% cream once daily for 6 weeks (superficial) or 12 weeks (nodular), or surgical excision with a 4 mm margin. The randomisation sequence was concealed from study investigators. Because of the nature of the interventions, masking of participants was not possible and masking of outcome assessors was only partly possible. The trial statistician was masked to allocation until all analyses had been done. The primary outcome was the proportion of participants with clinical success, defined as absence of initial treatment failure or signs of recurrence at 3 years from start of treatment. We used a prespecified non‐inferiority margin of a relative risk (RR) of 0.87. Analysis was by a modified intention‐to‐treat population and per protocol. This study is registered as an International Standard Randomised Controlled Trial (ISRCTN48755084), and with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT00066872. FINDINGS: 501 participants were randomly assigned to the imiquimod group (n=254) or the surgical excision group (n=247). At year 3, 401 (80%) patients were included in the modified intention‐to‐treat group. At 3 years, 178 (84%) of 213 participants in the imiquimod group were treated successfully compared with 185 (98%) of 188 participants in the surgery group (RR 0.84, 98% CI 0.78‐0.91$$$ p<0.0001). No clear difference was noted between groups in patient‐assessed cosmetic outcomes. The most common adverse events were itching (211 patients in the imiquimod group vs 129 in the surgery group) and weeping (160 vs 81). We recorded serious adverse events in 99 (40%) of 249 participants in the imiquimod group and 97 (42%) of 229 in the surgery group had serious adverse events, but none were regarded as related to treatment. 12 (5%) participants in the imiquimod group withdrew because of adverse events compared with four (2%) in the surgery group. INTERPRETATION: Imiquimod was inferior to surgery according to our predefined non‐inferiority criterion. Although excisional surgery remains the best treatment for low‐risk basal‐cell carcinoma, imiquimod cream might still be a useful treatment option for small low‐risk superficial or nodular basal‐cell carcinoma dependent on factors such as patient preference, size and site of the lesion, and whether the patient has more than one lesion. FUNDING: Cancer Research UK.
Photodynamic therapy versus topical imiquimod versus topical fluorouracil for treatment of superficial basal-cell carcinoma: a single blind, non-inferiority, randomised controlled trial: a critical appraisal$$$ Aim Arits et al. aimed to assess whether the effectiveness of imiquimod and fluorouracil is not inferior to methyl aminolaevulinic acid (MAL) photodynamic therapy (PDT) in patients with superficial basal cell carcinoma. Setting and design This single‐blind, noninferiority, randomized controlled trial was conducted at one coordinating academic hospital and six peripheral dermatological departments in the Netherlands between March 2008 and August 2010. Study exposure Patients with a superficial basal cell carcinoma were randomly assigned to be treated with PDT (two treatments)$$$ or imiquimod 5% cream, once daily five times a week for 6 weeks$$$ or fluorouracil 5% cream twice daily for 4 weeks. Follow‐up visits were planned after 3 months and 1 year. Outcomes The primary outcome was defined as the probability that a patient was free of tumour reoccurrence at both 3 and 12 months' follow‐up. Secondary outcomes were aesthetic outcome of the treated area, compliance and adverse reactions. Results In total 911 patients were assessed for eligibility, of whom 601 were randomized: 202 to receive MAL‐PDT, 198 to receive imiquimod cream and 201 to receive fluorouracil cream. The proportions (95% confidence intervals) of patients tumour free at both 3 and 12 months were 72·8% (66·8‐79·4) for MAL‐PDT, 83·4% (78·2‐88·9) for imiquimod cream and 80·1% (74·7‐85·9) for fluorouracil cream. For patients treated with MAL‐PDT, moderate‐to‐severe pain and burning sensation were reported most often during the treatment itself. For the creams, moderate‐to‐severe local swelling, erosion, crust formation and itching of the skin were mentioned most often. Conclusions Arits et al. conclude that topical fluorouracil was noninferior and imiquimod was superior to MAL‐PDT for treatment of superficial basal cell carcinoma. Imiquimod cream is suggested as the preferred treatment.
The SINS trial: a randomised controlled trial of excisional surgery versus imiquimod 5% cream for nodular and superficial basal cell carcinoma$$$ BACKGROUND: Basal cell carcinoma is the commonest human cancer. Despite increasing incidence it remains poorly researched. While not life threatening it can cause significant cosmetic disfigurement. Imiquimod, a cream which enhances the body's immune response, may help deal with the number of cases that occur in low‐risk sites, especially when good cosmetic results and home use without surgery are needed.This study aims 1. To compare excisional surgery with imiquimod cream for nodular or superficial basal cell carcinoma in low risk sites, with respect to 3 year clinical clearance, cost‐effectiveness and cosmetic results. 2. To ascertain if certain phenotypic features and gene polymorphisms predict tumour responsiveness to treatment. METHODS/DESIGN: Five hundred participants with low risk nodular or superficial basal cell carcinoma will be recruited from hospitals to this multi‐centre, randomised, parallel group, controlled phase III trial. Treatment in the imiquimod group is for 6 weeks for superficial basal cell carcinoma and 12 weeks for nodular basal cell carcinoma. Both treatment groups are followed up in clinic for 3 years. Primary outcome variable: the proportion of participants with clinical evidence of success (no recurrence) at 3 years. The primary outcome will be compared between the two treatment groups. Secondary outcomes include: i) clinical success at 1, 2 and 5 years, ii) time to first recurrence, iii) cosmetic appearance of lesion site after treatment, iv) level of pain, and v) cost‐effectiveness. Safety and tolerability data will also be reported. DISCUSSION: This study protocol describes a pragmatic randomised controlled trial which it is hoped will address the above uncertainties. Three‐year results will be available towards the end of 2010. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Meta‐register: NCT00066872, Eudract No. 2004‐004506‐24, ISRCTN48755084.
Fractionated 5-aminolaevulinic acid-photodynamic therapy vs. surgical excision in the treatment of nodular basal cell carcinoma: results of a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Skin cancer incidence rates have been increasing for decades and this increase is expected to continue. Surgical excision (SE) is the treatment of first choice for nodular basal cell carcinoma (nBCC). Photodynamic therapy (PDT) has proven to be an effective treatment for superficial basal cell carcinoma. Its long‐term efficacy in nBCC has not yet been established. OBJECTIVES: Prospectively compare the efficacy of 5‐aminolaevulinic acid (ALA)‐PDT and SE in terms of failure rates with long‐term follow‐up. Determinants of failure in the study population, such as the effect of tumour depth, were analysed retrospectively. METHODS: A randomized controlled trial in 173 primary nBCCs in 149 patients. Primary nBCCs were randomly assigned either to PDT (n = 85) or to SE (n = 88). Tumours treated with PDT were illuminated twice on the same day, 4 h after application of ALA cream, 3 weeks after debulking. SE was performed under local anaesthesia with a 3‐mm margin, followed by histological examination. An intention‐to‐treat analysis was performed. RESULTS: In total, 171 primary nBCCs in 149 patients were treated. A 3‐year interim analysis revealed that the cumulative incidence of failure was 2.3% for SE and 30.3% for PDT (P < 0.001). Tumour depth and other analysed determinants of failure were not significantly related to treatment failure. CONCLUSIONS: SE proved to be significantly more effective than treatment with fractionated illumination ALA‐PDT. Therefore, in the treatment of primary nBCC, SE is preferred over PDT following this treatment regimen.
High-calcium milk prevents overweight and obesity among postmenopausal women$$$ BACKGROUND: The Sixth National Nutrition Survey 2003 revealed that the highest prevalence of overweight and obesity among Filipino female adults (30.8%) was found in the age group from 40 to 59 years. Obesity is associated with a number of chronic diseases, including cardiovascular disease, hypertension, and diabetes. Low calcium intake has been identified as a potential contributing factor to overweight and obesity. OBJECTIVE: To assess the effect of a high‐calcium,fortified, low‐fat milk drink with added vitamin D versus a low‐calcium placebo drink on anthropometric measurements of postmenopausal women. METHODS: Women who were at least 5 years postmenopausal were invited to participate in the study. Potential participants underwent three stages of screening: initial interview, dual‐energy x‐ray absorptiometry, and blood testing for biochemical screening. Anthropometric indices were measured at baseline and the end of the study. Sixty women were qualified to participate in the study. The women were randomly assigned to two groups, one of which received 400 ml of the high‐calcium milk daily for 16 weeks while the other received the placebo drink. RESULTS: No significant increases were observed in the anthropometric indices of the subjects receiving the high‐calcium fortified milk at the end of the study. However, there were significant increases in the weight (p = .008), body mass index (p = .007), and waist (p = .018) and hip (p = .003) circumferences of the subjects receiving the placebo drink. CONCLUSIONS: A change in dietary calcium intake may be a useful measure as part of an overall approach to prevent the occurrence of overweight and obesity among postmenopausal women.
A printed lifestyle intervention tool for women with borderline gestational diabetes: assessing use and achievement of dietary goals set$$$ Background: Providing lifestyle information in the form of printed material is often recommended to help pregnant women manage hyperglycaemia. This descriptive study aimed to assess the use of a pregnancy record booklet by women with pregnancy hyperglycaemia, to describe women's dietary goal setting and whether achieved. Method: Participants were women with borderline gestational diabetes (GDM) who received a printed pregnancy record booklet as part of a randomised trial. Women were advised to use the booklets to record and set monthly goals for their diet. Outcomes included women's use of the booklets and their achievement of dietary goals. Results: 56 women returned their used booklets and were included in the study. These women were more likely to be primiparous, have a family history of diabetes or hypertension, be of Asian ethnicity and were less likely to be obese, smoke or be socially disadvantaged compared with all women in the randomised trial. Women set a total of 197 dietary goals from seven different categories. In the first month, over 80% of these goals targeting the categories of grains, dairy and overall dietary pattern were achieved. Around 60 to 70% of goals targeting the categories of fruit and protein rich foods were achieved. Women achieved only 20 to 30% goals targeting vegetable and extra foods categories. Conclusions: Of the women who used the dietary tool, most met their dietary goals although increasing vegetables and decreasing discretionary foods were goals least likely to be achieved.
Combined BCAA and Omega 3 Supplementation: clinical-Nutritional, Cardiorespiratory, Metabolic Impact and Quality of Life in Pre-Malnourished / Malnourished Patients$$$ INTERVENTION: Diet Dietary supplement Dietary Supplements The patients will be randomized into 4 groups and all will be guided by an eating plan containing an average of 30 to 35cal / kg / day, and 1.0 to 2.0g / kg / day of protein and 35% of the total energy value as of lipids (WAY, 2015). The food plan will be based on the 10 steps to an adequate / healthy diet (BRAZIL, 2014), and will prioritize high biological value proteins (beef, chicken, fish, shellfish, eggs, milk, soy products, nuts and legumes) and Good quality fats (olive oil, canola oil, nuts, seeds and deepwater fish). a) Group supplemented with branched chain amino acids (BCAAG) Group with pre‐cachectic / cachectic patients with cervical cancer (n = 25) will be supplemented orally with four tablets (two before lunch and two before dinner) per day of branched chain amino acids (containing: leucine ‐ 3.0g, isoleucine ‐ 1.5g and valine ‐ 1.5g) for 56 days (8 weeks), as approximately performed by De‐Campos‐Ferraz et al. (2014). b) Group supplemented with Omega 3 (?3G) Prequaletic / cachectic patients with cervical cancer (n = 25) and oral supplementation of 6g / day of omega 3 (EPA) will be included in this group, ie six capsules (1000mg) per day, two of which before breakfast, two before lunch and two before dinner, for 56 days (8 weeks) (BARBER, 2001). c) Group supplemented with BCAA and Omega 3 (BCAA?3G) Prequaletic / cachectic patients with cervical cancer (n = 25) and oral supplementation with four tablets (two before lunch and two before dinner) of branched chain amino acids and 6 g / day will be part of this group. omega 3 (EPA) for 56 days (8 weeks), with equal presentation of the other groups. d) Positive Control Group (PCG) Prequaletic / cachectic patients with cervical cancer (n = 25) will be part of thi CONDITION: Neoplasms neoplasms $$$ Neoplasms PRIMARY OUTCOME: The assessment of anthropometric data will be performed by measuring weight, height and body mass index (BMI), triceps skinfold (PCT), arm circumference (CB), arm muscle circumference (CMB) and arm muscle area (AMB). ). To evaluate the body composition will be used the electrical bioimpedance.$$$ $$$ To obtain the body weight of the patients will be used digital platform scale with coupled stadiometer (FilizolaÂ®), with a maximum capacity of 150kg and 100g graduation. The measurement will be performed according to the SISVAN technical standard (BRAZIL, 2011).$$$ The height of the patients will be evaluated with a stadiometer attached to the scale (FilizolaÂ®), accurate to 0.50cm. The procedure will be performed according to the SISVAN technical standard (BRAZIL, 2011).$$$ The BMI will be calculated from the ratio of weight (kg) to the square of height (m) and classified according to WHO (1995).$$$ For measurement of CB will be used inelastic anthropometric tape, SannyÂ® brand, with a maximum length of 200 cm and precision of 1 mm. The PCT will be measured with a LangeÂ® adipometer, with a scale up to 60 mm, with a resolution of 1 mm. The CB and PCT measurement technique will follow the recommendations of Cuppari (2005).$$$ Arm muscle circumference (CMB) will be obtained by the formula [CMB = CB (cm) ‐ (0.314 x DCT)]. For the arm muscle area the formula [CB (cm) ‐? x PCT (mm) Ã· 10] 2 Ã· 4? (‐10 for men and ‐6.5 for women) (FRISANCHO, 1981). The nutritional classification of CB, PCT and CMB will be performed according to Blackburn and Thornton (1979). And the AMB according to Frisancho (1990). To assess quality of life in cancer patients, the EORTC QLQ ‐ C30 questionnaire of the European Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer (EORTC) (EVANGELISTA, 2012$$$ MONSANTO et al., 2013) will be used. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Uterine Cervical Cancer$$$ Minimum age of 20 years$$$ Stability (no changes in treatment regimen within 6 weeks or hospitalizations within 3 months)$$$ Sign the consent form. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Biochemical evaluation will be performed at the beginning and end of the supplementation protocol. Lipid profile, blood count, fasting glucose, insulinemia, interleukins (IL‐1 and IL‐6), tumor necrosis factor ‐? and oxidative stress. $$$ When will blood glucose be considered high? 100mg / dl. And the lipid profile changed when: triglycerides? 150mg / dl$$$ HDL‐C <50mg / dl in women and <40mg / dl in men. Insulin resistance will be measured by the Homeostasis model assessment ‐ insulin resistance (HOMA‐IR) using the formula: HOMA‐IR = Insulin (ÂµUI / mL) x Glucosejejum (mmol / L) / 22.5. The diagnosis of insulin resistance will be confirmed when HOMA‐IR> 2.7 (GELONEZE et al., 2009). For the collection procedure, the patient will be instructed to be fasting for 12 hours and not to drink alcohol within 72 hours prior to the exam. Fatigue using the Revised Piper Fatigue Scale (EFP‐R), a 22‐item multidimensional instrument capable of assessing a greater number of fatigue dimensions, is distributed into: behavioral, affective and sensory / psychological or sensory / cognitive / emotional (ANNEX D). The sum of EFP‐R dimension points will be evaluated by averaging the respective items. The score of each question ranges from 0 to 10, with â€œ0â€? being the absence of fatigue and 10 the worst possible fatigue (MOTA$$$ PIMENTA$$$ PIPER, 2009). Food consumption will be estimated by the 24‐hour Recall (R24H) in its own form (Appendix B), with the aid of a photo album with standardized home measurements (HC, 2012). The nutritional composition of the RD24H will be calculated using Diet WinÂ® software. The 6‐minute walk test (6MWT) will be performed according to the recommendations of the American Thoracic Society ‐ ATS (CRAPO$$$ ZEBALLOS, 2002), as well as the standardization for the Brazilian population (BRITO and SOUSA, 2006). $$$ Before and after the test, blood pressure (BP), heart rate (HR), peripheral oxygen saturation (SPO2), and the level of dyspnea and lower limb fatigue at minutes two, four and six (BORG) will be measured. 1982). The level of physical activity will be measured by the short version of the International Physical Activity Questionnaire (IPAQ), validated in Brazil (MATSUDO et al., 2001), according to Annex C. The classification will be performed according to Matsudo et al. (2002).
Role of ApoA1 on high-density lipoprotein: an intervention with plant sterols in patients with hypercholesterolemia$$$ BACKGROUND: Numerous studies have shown an inverse association between cholesterol´s concentration associated with High‐Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol (HDL‐C) and cardiovascular risk. The present study intends to investigate the possible relation between Apolipoprotein A (ApoA1) and HDL‐C as a new strategy to reduce cardiovascular risk. AIM: was determine the effect of ApoA1 in cholesterol ´s metabolism through its influence on HDL‐C in young adult population. METHODS: One clinical trial, controlled, randomized, double‐blind, providing a commercial milk, "Naturcol", with sterols for 3 weeks (n = 19) and placebo (n = 16). A questionnaire Ad Hoc was designed and a complete anthropometric study was made. SPSS 21.0 was used to analyse the data. RESULTS: Significant differences were observed between sterol milk and placebo in a single marker, Low‐Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol (LDL‐C). A linear dispersion of data between HDL‐C and ApoA1 was found, both at the beginning and end of the intervention (Person Correlation = 0.846 and 0.903, respectively). High dependency measures by linear regression (R2= 0.715 and 0.816, respectively) were observed. CONCLUSION: A significant relation between HDL‐C and ApoA1 was proven. Taking into account the importance that HDL‐C levels seem to have on cardiovascular health, ApoA1 is presented as an important clinical marker to improve heart function as well as to reduce cardiovascular risk.
The effects of cholesterol-lowering diets with lean beef on blood pressure and vascular health: results from the bold (beef in an optimal lean diet) study$$$ Observational and clinical studies show benefits of additional plant and dairy protein on systolic blood pressure (SBP). However, the effects of a moderate protein diet rich in animal protein on SBP has not been examined. We hypothesized that a moderate protein DASH‐like diet containing lean beef would significantly reduce SBP. Forty moderately hypercholesterolemic individuals (LDL‐C >110 mg/dL) were enrolled in a randomized crossover controlled feeding study. Participants were fed an Average American control diet (AAD$$$ 33% total fat, 12% SFA, 49% carbohydrate (CHO), 19% protein (PRO), 0.7 oz beef/d], DASH (27% total fat, 6% SFA, 50% CHO, 19% PRO, 1.0 oz beef/d), BOLD (28% total fat, 6% SFA, 54% CHO, 19% PRO, 4.0 oz beef/d), and BOLD+ (28% total fat, 6% SFA, 46% CHO, 28% PRO, 5.4 oz beef/d) diets for 5 weeks with a 1 week washout period between diets. In addition to SBP, endothelial function and vascular elasticity via EndoPat were measured. SBP was significantly decreased on the BOLD+ diet (‐4.24 mm Hg) compared to AAD. Augmentation Index (AI) was significantly reduced in participants on the BOLD diet (‐4.1%) compared to AAD. There were no significant effects of the dietary treatments on reactive hyperemia index. In conclusion, a moderate protein diet including lean beef improves SBP. The inclusion of lean beef in a DASH‐like diet also improves vascular elasticity. Supported by: Beef Checkoff.
Plectranthus amboinicus and Centella asiatica cream for the treatment of diabetic foot ulcers$$$ Effects of a topical cream containing P. amboinicus (Lour.) Spreng. (Lamiaceae) and C. asiatica (L.) Urban (Umbelliferae) were evaluated and compared to effects of hydrocolloid fiber wound dressing for diabetic foot ulcers. A single‐center, randomized, controlled, open‐label study was conducted. Twenty‐four type 1 or type 2 diabetes patients aged 20 years or older with Wagner grade 3 foot ulcers postsurgical debridement were enrolled between October 2008 and December 2009. Twelve randomly assigned patients were treated with WH‐1 cream containing P. amboinicus and C. asiatica twice daily for two weeks. Another 12 patients were treated with hydrocolloid fiber dressings changed at 7 days or when clinically indicated. Wound condition and safety were assessed at days 7 and 14 and results were compared between groups. No statistically significant differences were seen in percent changes in wound size at 7‐ and 14‐day assessments of WH‐1 cream and hydrocolloid dressing groups. A slightly higher proportion of patients in the WH‐1 cream group (10 of 12$$$ 90.9) showed Wagner grade improvement compared to the hydrocolloid fiber dressing group but without statistical significance. For treating diabetic foot ulcers, P. amboinicus and C. asiatica cream is a safe alternative to hydrocolloid fiber dressing without significant difference in effectiveness. Copyright © 2012 Yuan‐Sung Kuo et al.
Randomized double-blind placebo-controlled study of the efficacy of food containing bovine lactoferrin for suppression of colorectal polyps$$$ INTERVENTION: Intake of six tablets containing lactoferrin(500 mg) daily for one year Intake of six tablets containing lactoferrin(250 mg) daily for one year Intake of six placbo tablets daily for one year CONDITION: colorectal polyps(adenomas) PRIMARY OUTCOME: Change of colorectal adenoma diameter on colonoscopy. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients who have colorectal adenomas with a diameter of 5 mm or less. Patients without total large bowel resection. Patients without cancer. Patients without allergy to either milk or dairy products. Patients without any active infections, such as hepatitis B, hepatitis C, and HIV. Patients who are not using NSAIDs regularly. Patients with a white blood cell count of 3,000/ul or more, and a platelet count of 100,000/ul or more.
Informing cancer prevention strategies for African Americans: the relationship of African American acculturation to fruit, vegetable, and fat intake$$$ Acculturation has been associated with health‐related behaviors in African Americans. We sought to determine if there is a relationship between acculturation and dietary intake in African Americans. African Americans in the PREMIER trial completed the African American Acculturation Scale (AAAS) and 2 nonconsecutive 24‐h dietary recalls (n = 238). Analysis of variance (ANOVA) and canonical correlation were used to assess relationships between acculturation and dietary intakes. Canonical correlation (p = 0.05) showed that traditional African Americans had lower intakes of fruits/vegetables and milk/dairy with higher intakes of fats, meat, and nuts. This pattern was supported by differences in the ANOVA. African American acculturation is related to dietary intake. These findings have implications for the design of cancer‐related public health messages targeted to African Americans.
Iranian women life style: a cross sectional study the west of Iran based on findings of SABA project (Iranian women health project)$$$ Life style as one of the most influential factors on health$$$ in addition people who manage a healthy life style show fewer risky behaviors. The present study aims to investigate life style of middle age women in Ravansar city, in the Kermanshah county in West of Iran. In this cross‐sectional study, conducted in Kermanshah county, the West of Iran, a total of 500 profiles of documenting Iranian women health were randomly selected to participate in the study. Data were analyzed by SPSS Version 21. Participants’ ages ranged from 30‐60. Their average age was 44.94 years old, SD = 8.28. Smoking, alcohol drinking and drug abuse were reported 0.6, 0.2, 0.2 and 0.2%, respectively. About 34.6% of women had appropriate physical activity. The findings indicated, majority of participants suffered from abdominal obesity, over weight and obesity (74.6%) about 65.2% of them lived an inactive life style. On the other hand, 47.6, 53.2 and 22.6% of participants did not consume enough dairy products, vegetables and fruits, respectively. Also, 20.4, 29.2, 59.2 and 53%) of participants reported eating fast food eveiy week, drinking carbonated drinks eveiy week and using semi‐solid and solid oils and using salt with food, respectively.
Increasing dietary calcium in the face of caloric restrictions in humans$$$ Background and objectives: Increasing 1,25‐hydroxide vitamin D in response to low‐calcium diets stimulates adipocyte Ca2+ influx and, as a consequence, stimulates lipogenesis, suppresses lipolysis, and increases lipid accumulation, whereas increasing dietary calcium inhibits these effects and markedly accelerates fat loss in mice subjected to caloric restriction. Our objective was to determine the effects of increasing dietary calcium in the face of caloric restriction in humans. Methods: We performed a randomized controlled trial in 32 obese adults. Patients were maintained for 24 weeks on balanced deficit diets (500 kcal/d deficit) and randomized to a standard diet (400 to 500 mg of dietary calcium/d supplemented with placebo), a high‐calcium diet (standard diet supplemented with 800 mg of calcium/d), or high‐dairy diet (1200 to 1300 mg of dietary calcium/d supplemented with placebo). Results: Patients assigned to the standard diet lost 6.4 ± 2.5% of their body weight, which was increased by 26% (to 8.6±1.1%) on the high‐calcium diet and 70% (to 10.9 ± 1.6% of body weight) on the high‐dairy diet (p<0.01). Fat loss was similarly augmented by the high‐calcium and high‐dairy diets, by 38% and 64%, respectively (p<0.01). Moreover, fat loss from the trunk region represented 19.0 ± 7.9% of total fat loss on the low‐calcium diet, and this fraction was increased to 50.1 ± 6.4% and 66.2 ± 3.0% on the high‐calcium and high‐dairy diets, respectively (p<0.001). Conclusions: Increasing dietary calcium significantly augmented weight and fat loss secondary to caloric restriction and increased the percentage of fat lost from the trunk region, whereas dairy products exerted a substantially greater effect.
Effects of exercise and milk fat globule membrane (MFGM) supplementation on body composition, physical function, and hematological parameters in community-dwelling frail Japanese women: a randomized double blind, placebo-controlled, follow-up trial$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the combined and separate effects of exercise and milk fat globule membrane (MFGM) supplementation on frailty, physical function, physical activity level, and hematological parameters in community‐dwelling elderly Japanese women. METHODS: A total of 131 frail, elderly women over 75 years were randomly assigned to one of four groups: exercise and MFGM supplementation (Ex+MFGM), exercise and placebo (Ex+Plac), MFGM supplementation, or the placebo group. The exercise group attended a 60‐minute training program twice a week for three months, and the MFGM group ingested 1g of the MFGM supplement in pill form, daily for 3 months. The primary outcome measure was change in frailty status based on Fried's frailty phenotype. Secondary outcome measures included body composition, physical function and hematological parameters, and interview survey components assessing lifestyle factors. Participants were followed for 4 months post‐intervention. RESULTS: Significant group × time interactions were observed for usual walking speed (P = 0.005), timed up & go (P<0.001), and insulin‐like growth factor‐binding protein 3/insulin‐like growth factor 1 ratio (P = 0.013). The frailty components revealed that weight loss, exhaustion, low physical activity, and slow walking speed were reversed, but low muscle strength did not significantly changed. Frailty reversal rate was significantly higher in the Ex+MFGM (57.6%) than in the MFGM (28.1%) or placebo (30.3%) groups at post‐intervention (χ2 = 8.827, P = 0.032), and at the follow‐up was also significantly greater in the Ex+MFGM (45.5%) and Ex+Plac (39.4%) groups compared with the placebo (15.2%) group (χ2 = 8.607, P = 0.035). The exercise+MFGM group had the highest odds ratio (OR) for frailty reversal at post‐intervention and follow‐up (OR = 3.12, 95% confidence interval (CI) = 1.13‐8.60$$$ and OR = 4.67, 95% CI = 1.45‐15.08, respectively). CONCLUSION: This study suggests that interventions including exercise and nutrition can improve frailty status. Statistically significant additive effects of MFGM with exercise could not be confirmed in this population, and further investigation in larger samples is necessary. TRIAL REGISTRATION: The Japan Medical Association Clinical Trial Registry (JMACCT)JMA‐IIA00069.
The Effect of Topical Cow's Milk on the Healing of Diabetic Foot Ulcers: a Randomized Controlled Pilot Clinical Trial$$$ Diabetic foot ulcer (DFU) is a very serious side effect among the diabetic patients with substantial clinical and economic consequences. The aim of this study was to investigate the efficacy of cows’ milk topical ointment, as an available and cost‐effective natural product, on accelerating the healing of DFU. In this randomized controlled clinical trial, patients with grade 1 or 2 DFU were randomly divided into two groups of intervention (n = 50) and control (n = 49). For patients of intervention group, cows’ milk 20% topical ointment was applied on the ulcer once daily for two weeks, while a type of novel dressing was used for control group with the same frequency and duration. Both groups received usual standard wound care measures. The percentage of change in the ulcer size and the number of cases with complete wound healing (>90% reduction in the ulcer size) were recorded in the both groups. The ulcer size significantly reduced in both groups on the seventh and 14th days of intervention$$$ however, the percentage of reduction was significantly higher in the intervention (milk) group compared to control at both time points (44.64 ± 15.98 vs. 24.95 ± 12.78, P <.001$$$ 67.67 ± 22.15 vs. 42.87 ± 19.74, P <.001). Furthermore, although more patients in the intervention group (n = 4, 8%) showed complete healing of the ulcer compared to control (n = 0), the difference was not statistically significant (P =.117). Cow's milk 20% topical ointment improves and accelerates the healing of diabetic foot ulcers. However, more clinical studies are required to confirm these effects.
Cost-effectiveness of topical imiquimod and fluorouracil vs. photodynamic therapy for treatment of superficial basal-cell carcinoma$$$ BACKGROUND: A recent noninferiority randomized trial showed that in terms of clinical effectiveness imiquimod was superior and topical fluorouracil noninferior to methylaminolaevulinate photodynamic therapy (MAL‐PDT) for treatment of superficial basal‐cell carcinoma (sBCC). Although it was expected that MAL‐PDT would be more costly than either cream, a full cost‐effectiveness analysis is necessary to determine the balance between effectiveness and costs. OBJECTIVE: To determine whether imiquimod or topical fluorouracil are cost‐effective treatments for sBCC compared with MAL‐PDT. METHODS: An economic evaluation was performed from a healthcare perspective. Data on resource use and costs were collected alongside the randomized clinical trial. The incremental cost‐effectiveness ratio was expressed as the incremental costs per additional patient free of tumour recurrence. RESULTS: At 12 months follow‐up, the total mean costs for MAL‐PDT were €680, for imiquimod cream €526 and for topical fluorouracil cream €388. Both imiquimod and topical fluorouracil were cost‐effective treatments compared with MAL‐PDT. Comparing costs and effectiveness of both creams led to a incremental investment of €4451 to achieve an additional patient free of tumour recurrence. The acceptability curve showed that, for a threshold value of €4451, the probability of imiquimod being more cost‐effective than topical fluorouracil was 50%. CONCLUSION: Based on the 12 months follow‐up results, imiquimod and topical fluorouracil cream are more cost‐effective than MAL‐PDT for treatment of sBCC. Hence, substituting MAL‐PDT with either imiquimod or topical fluorouracil results in cost savings$$$ these savings will be larger for topical fluorouracil. Long‐term follow‐up effectiveness data are necessary to confirm the cost‐effectiveness of imiquimod vs. topical 5‐fluorouracil cream.
A randomized parallel study to assess the safety and efficacy of two different dosing regimens of 5% imiquimod in the treatment of superficial basal cell carcinoma$$$ OBJECTIVES: This study was designed to compare the safety and efficacy of two cycled dosing regimens of imiquimod 5% cream for treatment of superficial basal cell carcinoma (sBCC). METHODS: Patients (n = 32) were randomized to receive one of two treatment regimens: 8 weeks of treatment with once‐daily dosing for alternate weeks (R1) and 5 weeks of once‐daily dosing with a 1‐week interval in the middle of the course (R2). Efficacy measures were tumour clearance at weeks 19 and 52 and measures of patients' acceptability. RESULTS: Data from 30 patients (13 females), 14 on R1 and 16 on R2, were analysed. The results revealed an initial clearance rate of 64% at week 19 for R1 and 81% for R2 (95% CI for difference: ‐14% to 45%, p = 0.21). However, clearance rates at week 52 were significantly different: 43% for R1 and 88% for R2 (95% CI for difference: 11% to 68%, p = 0.02). There was no difference in acceptability of treatment as measured by composite median visual analogue scores at week 8. CONCLUSION: Five weeks of 5% imiquimod cream once daily with a 1‐week interval was more effective but as well tolerated as the 8‐week alternate week regimen for sBCC.
Imiquimod 5% cream for the treatment of superficial and nodular basal cell carcinoma: randomized studies comparing low-frequency dosing with and without occlusion$$$ BACKGROUND: Imiquimod 5% cream has been investigated for non‐surgical treatment of superficial and nodular basal cell carcinoma (BCC) tumours. OBJECTIVES: Two studies were conducted to examine the effect of occlusion at low dosing frequencies on the safety and efficacy of topical imiquimod 5% cream for the treatment of superficial and nodular BCC. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Both open‐label studies were conducted in Europe. Patients diagnosed with BCC were enrolled into either the superficial (93 patients) or nodular (90 patients) study, depending on the histological confirmation of the patient's tumour subtype. Patients were randomized to one of four groups to apply imiquimod 5% cream 2 or 3 days per week either with or without occlusion. Six weeks following a 6‐week treatment period, the entire target tumour area was excised and histologically examined for evidence of residual tumour. RESULTS: In both studies, the highest histologically complete response rate was seen in the 3 days per week with occlusion groups, with complete response rates of 87% and 65% for the superficial and nodular studies, respectively. Occlusion did not have a statistically significant effect on response rate at either dosing frequency. Response rates for superficial and nodular BCC tumours treated 3 days per week without occlusion were 76% and 50%, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: In the superficial study, the complete response rate of 87% in the 3 days per week with occlusion group was similar to that of daily and 5 days per week dosing without occlusion in a previous 12‐week study and one study of daily dosing without occlusion for 6 weeks. All treatment groups had acceptable safety profiles in both studies. Occlusion did not have a statistically significant effect on efficacy for either superficial or nodular BCC tumours.
Comparison of imiquimod 5% cream versus radiotherapy as treatment for eyelid basal cell carcinoma$$$ BACKGROUND: To compare the efficacy, cosmesis and tolerance of two non‐surgical treatments‐imiquimod (IMQ) 5% cream and radiotherapy (RT)‐to combat periocular nodular basal cell carcinoma (BCC). METHODS: Twenty‐seven patients with clinical and histopathological diagnosis of nodular BCC on the eyelid were included and randomly selected: 15 patients were treated with IMQ 5% cream once daily, 5 days/week for 6 weeks, and 12 patients were treated with RT. RESULTS: All tumours showed histopathological remission within 3 months of the treatment, and sustained clinical remission was documented in each patient after 24 months' follow‐up. Treatment tolerability was rated as moderate with IMQ and good with RT. Functional results were better in patients treated with IMQ. Loss of eyelashes was reported for most of the patients treated with RT. CONCLUSIONS: IMQ and RT therapies are effective for treating eyelid nodular BCCs. Cosmesis and functional results were better with IMQ, while tolerability was higher with RT.
A randomized controlled clinical trial of topical photodynamic therapy with methyl aminolaevulinate in the treatment of actinic keratoses in transplant recipients$$$ BACKGROUND: Transplant recipients have an increased propensity to develop multiple actinic keratoses, which demonstrate an increased transformation rate into invasive squamous cell carcinoma. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the efficacy and tolerability of topical photodynamic therapy with the new highly tumour‐selective photosensitizer methyl aminolaevulinate vs. placebo in the treatment of actinic keratoses in transplant recipients. METHODS: Seventeen transplant recipients with a total number of 129 mild to moderate actinic keratoses were enrolled in a prospective, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled study. Two lesional areas within a patient were randomized for two consecutive treatments of topical photodynamic therapy 1 week apart using either methyl aminolaevulinate or placebo cream. Sites were illuminated with 75 J cm(‐2) of visible light delivered at 80 mW cm(‐2) by a noncoherent light source. Complete resolution and reduction in the number or size of actinic keratoses within the lesional area relative to the initial findings were evaluated at weeks 4, 8 and 16 after treatment. RESULTS: The lesional areas treated with methyl aminolaevulinate were clinically cleared in 13 of 17 patients at 16 weeks. A partial response was recorded in a further three. No reduction in the size or number of actinic keratoses was observed in one area treated with methyl aminolaevulinate and in all placebo‐treated areas. Adverse events, such as erythema, oedema and crust formation, were mild to moderate, and treatment was well tolerated by all patients. CONCLUSION: Photodynamic therapy using methyl aminolaevulinate is a safe and effective treatment for actinic keratoses in transplant recipients. It may also reduce the risk of transformation of actinic keratoses to invasive, potentially fatal, squamous cell carcinoma.
Expression of Fas-receptor on basal cell carcinomas after treatment with imiquimod 5% cream or vehicle$$$ Treatment with imiquimod 5% cream, capable of inducing interferon (IFN)‐alpha, effectively cures basal cell carcinoma (BCC), both clinically and histologically. IFN‐alpha induces expression of CD95‐receptor (FasR) on BCC cells, which normally fail to express Fas receptor (FasR). Expression of the FasR is postulated to lead to apoptosis via CD95 receptor‐CD95 ligand (FasL) interaction. Absence of this receptor may be responsible for the longevity of the cells of BCCs by preventing them undergoing 'suicidal' apoptosis, as well as apoptosis induced by neighbouring BCC cells and/or by infiltrating T‐lymphocytes. We examined the expression of FasR on BCC after very short‐term exposure to imiquimod 5% cream or vehicle. In a double‐blind study, 10 patients with BCC applied either imiquimod (n = 5) or vehicle (n = 5) five times per week for up to 2 weeks. At the end of treatment, the treated area was excised and examined for the presence or absence of FasR by immunoperoxidase staining of rat antihuman FasR with haematoxylin and eosin counterstaining. Histologically, BCC cells were present in all (5/5) of the vehicle‐treated BCCs and in 4/5 of the imiquimod‐treated BCCs. BCC cells expressed FasR in 3/4 imiquimod‐treated BCCs but in none (0/5) of the vehicle‐treated tumours. T‐lymphocytes apposed to BCC cells were evident in all three imiquimod‐treated BCCs expressing FasR and in none of the FasR‐negative, vehicle‐treated BCCs. Imiquimod‐induced FasR‐mediated apoptosis may contribute to the effectiveness of imiquimod 5% cream for the treatment of BCC.
Photodynamic therapy versus topical imiquimod versus topical fluorouracil for treatment of superficial basal-cell carcinoma: a single blind, non-inferiority, randomised controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Superficial basal‐cell carcinoma is most commonly treated with topical non‐surgical treatments, such as photodynamic therapy or topical creams. Photodynamic therapy is considered the preferable treatment, although this has not been previously tested in a randomised control trial. We assessed the effectiveness of photodynamic therapy compared with imiquimod or fluorouracil in patients with superficial basal‐cell carcinoma. METHODS: In this single blind, non‐inferiority, randomised controlled multicentre trial, we enrolled patients with a histologically proven superficial basal‐cell carcinoma at seven hospitals in the Netherlands. Patients were randomly assigned to receive treatment with methylaminolevulinate photodynamic therapy (MAL‐PDT$$$ two sessions with an interval of 1 week), imiquimod cream (once daily, five times a week for 6 weeks), or fluorouracil cream (twice daily for 4 weeks). Follow‐up was at 3 and 12 months post‐treatment. Data were collected by one observer who was blinded to the assigned treatment. The primary outcome was the proportion of patients free of tumour at both 3 and 12 month follow up. A pre‐specified non‐inferiority margin of 10% was used and modified intention‐to‐treat analyses were done. This trial is registered as an International Standard Randomised controlled trial (ISRCTN 79701845). FINDINGS: 601 patients were randomised: 202 to receive MAL‐PDT, 198 to receive imiquimod, and 201 to receive fluorouracil. A year after treatment, 52 of 196 patients treated with MAL‐PDT, 31 of 189 treated with imiquimod, and 39 of 198 treated with fluorouracil had tumour residue or recurrence. The proportion of patients tumour‐free at both 3 and 12 month follow‐up was 72.8% (95% CI 66.8‐79.4) for MAL‐PDT, 83.4% (78.2‐88.9) for imiquimod cream, and 80.1% (74.7‐85.9) for fluorouracil cream. The difference between imiquimod and MAL‐PDT was 10.6% (95% CI 1.5‐19.5$$$ p=0.021) and 7.3% (‐1.9 to 16.5$$$ p=0.120) between fluorouracil and MAL‐PDT, and between fluorouracil and imiquimod was ‐3.3% (‐11.6 to 5.0$$$ p=0.435. For patients treated with MAL‐PDT, moderate to severe pain and burning sensation were reported most often during the actual MAL‐PDT session. For other local adverse reactions, local skin redness was most often reported as moderate or severe in all treatment groups. Patients treated with creams more often reported moderate to severe local swelling, erosion, crust formation, and itching of the skin than patients treated with MAL‐PDT. In the MAL‐PDT group no serious adverse events were reported. One patient treated with imiquimod and two patients treated with fluorouracil developed a local wound infection and needed additional treatment in the outpatient setting. INTERPRETATION: Topical fluorouracil was non‐inferior and imiquimod was superior to MAL‐PDT for treatment of superficial basal‐cell carcinoma. On the basis of these findings, imiquimod can be considered the preferred treatment, but all aspects affecting treatment choice should be weighted to select the best treatment for patients. FUNDING: Grant of the Netherlands Organization for Scientific Research ZONMW (08‐82310‐98‐08626).
Skin protection by sucralfate cream during electron beam therapy$$$ Acute skin reactions, such as erythema and moist desquamation, constitute major problems during radiotherapy of superficially located tumours. There are no drugs available for the skin care. Sucralfate, a widely used anti‐ulcer drug, has anti‐inflammatory properties, and it activates cell proliferation. Based on these data and our previous experience of sucralfate cream on the aging skin we performed a double‐blind randomized study to compare the efficacy of sucralfate cream to a base cream in 50 breast cancer patients receiving postoperative electron beam therapy to their chest wall. The acute radiation reaction of the skin was statistically significantly prevented by the sucralfate cream. The recovery of the skin was also significantly faster in the sucralfate cream group. Side‐effects due to the cream were rare.
A double-blind, randomised, vehicle-controlled clinical study to evaluate the efficacy of MAS065D in limiting the effects of radiation on the skin: interim analysis$$$ Our aim was to assess the efficacy of MAS065D, a non‐steroidal water‐in‐oil cream, in preventing and limiting skin reactions caused by radiation therapy (RT). 40 women treated with conservative breast cancer surgery followed by radiotherapy, were randomised to receive MAS065D (22 pts) or vehicle (18 pts). Radiotherapy was delivered in 20 fractions: 2.25 Gy to the whole breast plus a concomitant boost of 0.25 Gy to the tumour bed up to a total dose of 50 Gy. Evaluations of skin toxicity, erythema, and subjective symptoms were carried out weekly and 3 weeks after treatment completion. A statistically significant difference between vehicle and MAS065D groups was recorded regarding the maximum severity of skin toxicity (p < 0.0001), burning within the radiation field (p = 0.039) and desquamation (p = 0.02), in favour of the latter. We conclude that MAS065D may be considered a safe and effective treatment in the prevention and minimization of skin reactions and associated symptoms.
Effect of soy protein from differently processed products on cardiovascular disease risk factors and vascular endothelial function in hypercholesterolemic subjects Am J Clin Nutr. 2007 Aug$$$86(2): 525$$$ BACKGROUND: The magnitude of the effect of soy protein on lipoprotein concentrations is variable. This discordance is likely attributable to the various forms of soy protein used and to unrecognized shifts in dietary fatty acid, cholesterol, and fiber. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to evaluate the effect of soybean processing as well as soy consumption relative to animal protein, independent of alterations in major dietary variables, on cardiovascular disease risk factors and vascular endothelial function. DESIGN: Twenty‐eight hypercholesterolemic subjects (LDL cholesterol >/=3.36 mmol/L) aged >50 y consumed each of 4 diets for 6‐wk periods according to a randomized crossover design. The diets [55% of energy as carbohydrate, 30% of energy as fat, and 15% of energy as protein‐7.5% of energy as experimental protein (37.5 g/d)] were designed to contain products made from either whole soybeans, soyflour, or soymilk and were compared with a diet containing an equivalent amount of animal protein (meat, chicken, and dairy products). The cholesterol, fiber, and fatty acid profiles of the diets were equalized. All food and drink were provided, and body weight was maintained throughout the study. RESULTS: No significant differences in blood pressure, vascular endothelial function, or total cholesterol, VLDL‐cholesterol, triacylglycerol, apolipoprotein B, or C‐reactive protein concentrations were observed between the diets. Consumption of the soymilk diet resulted in a modest decrease (4%) in LDL‐cholesterol concentrations compared with the animal‐protein and soyflour diets (P < 0.05) and higher HDL‐cholesterol (1%) and apolipoprotein A‐I (2%) concentrations compared with the soybean and soyflour diets (P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: The results suggest that the consumption of differently processed soy‐based products and different types of protein (animal and soy) has little clinical effect on cardiovascular disease risk factors, including peripheral endothelial function, when other major dietary variables are held constant.
Soy food consumption does not lower LDL cholesterol in either equol or nonequol producers$$$ BACKGROUND: Health claims link soy protein (SP) consumption, through plasma cholesterol reduction, to a decreased risk of heart disease. Soy isoflavones (ISOs), particularly in individuals who produce equol, might also contribute to lipid lowering and thus reduce SP requirements. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to examine the contributions of SP, ISOs, and equol to the hypocholesterolemic effects of soy foods. DESIGN: Nonsoy consumers (33 men, 58 women) with a plasma total cholesterol (TChol) concentration >5.5 mmol/L participated in a double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, crossover intervention trial. The subjects consumed 3 diets for 6 wk each in random order, which consisted of foods providing a daily dose of 1) 24 g SP and 70‐80 mg ISOs (diet S)$$$ 2) 12 g SP, 12 g dairy protein (DP), and 70‐80 mg ISOs (diet SD)$$$ and 3) 24 g DP without ISOs (diet D). Fasting plasma TChol, LDL cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, and triglycerides (TGs) were measured after each diet. RESULTS: TChol was 3% lower with the S diet (‐0.17 +/‐ 0.06 mmol/L$$$ P < 0.05) than with the D diet, and TGs were 4% lower with both the S (‐0.14 +/‐ 0.05 mmol/L$$$ P < 0.05) and SD (‐0.12 +/‐ 0.05 mmol/L$$$ P < 0.05) diets. There were no significant effects on LDL cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, or the TChol:HDL cholesterol ratio. On the basis of urinary ISOs, 30 subjects were equol producers. Lipids were not affected significantly by equol production. CONCLUSIONS: Regular consumption of foods providing 24 g SP/d from ISOs had no significant effect on plasma LDL cholesterol in mildly hypercholesterolemic subjects, regardless of equol‐producing status.
The palatability of milk-based and non-milk-based nutritional supplements in gastrointestinal cancer and the effect of chemotherapy$$$ INTRODUCTION: Oral nutritional supplements may have a role in the management of weight loss in patients with cancer. Information on preference for different types of nutritional supplements and the influence of taste changes and chemotherapy is limited. AIMS AND METHODS: This study aimed, in patients with gastrointestinal (GI) cancer, to determine the short‐term preference for commonly used nutritional supplements compared with controls, to examine whether preference is altered by chemotherapy and to assess the reproducibility of taste assessments conducted using a Visual Analogue Scale (VAS). Patients with GI cancer and controls were asked to rate the acceptability of three oral nutritional supplements on a VAS before starting chemotherapy and after 6 weeks of chemotherapy. Supplements were presented in a random order in sealed containers and subjects were blinded to the type of product. One supplement was repeated at random within each set (four cups) to assess the reproducibility of responses. RESULTS: Sixty patients and 63 controls were included in the study, 47 patients and 47 controls were available for follow‐up. Before the start of chemotherapy, patients had a higher mean preference for Calshake (5.9 cm) than Ensure plus (5.1 cm) and Fortijuce (3.2 cm) (P=0.025 and P<0.001). Calshake was the most preferred supplement in the control group (mean 6.6 cm), with no significant differences in preferences between patients and controls. There were no changes in preference for patients after 6 weeks of chemotherapy. The results for the control group similarly showed no change after 6 weeks. No significant differences were found between scores assigned to the supplement repeated in the random order for any product at either timepoint. DISCUSSION: Patients with GI cancers prefer the taste of fresh milk‐based supplements and short‐term preferences are not changed by chemotherapy. Preferences are similar between patients with GI cancers and people without cancer. A VAS is a reliable tool to assess taste preference. Further studies are needed to assess the patient compliance over longer periods and the reasons for non‐compliance with prescriptions for nutritional supplements.
Effects of low-fat dairy foods on bone and body composition, lipid profile and pro-inflammatory markers in overweight/obese women during the weight loss regimen$$$ Recent research shows that adiposity could have a damaging effect on bone and metabolic profile, depending on the amount and distribution of fat in body. Weight‐loss regimens are being employed with various success rates. Our objective was to investigate whether weight loss could be achieved easier and with better outcomes, using calcium (Ca) supplements or low‐fat dairy products, each as a complement to the underlying hypocaloric diet. We investigated changes in: a) bone and body composition$$$ b) visceral fat in android/gynoid regions and$$$ c) lipid profile and pro‐inflammatory markers in blood. A total of n=97 overweight/obese Caucasian early postmenopausal women completed the 6 months follow‐up and had complete data‐sets. They were divided in 3 groups: 1) Supplement (630 mg Ca+400 IU vitamin D/day)$$$ 2) Dairy (low‐fat dairy consumption, 4‐5 servings/day)$$$ and 3) Control (placebo). Each included moderate energy restriction (∼85% of energy needs).Bone and body composition of total body and android/gynoid regions was measured by Lunar iDXA. Serum glucose, insulin, lipids (cholesterol, triglycerides, LDL, HDL), as well as Apo A1, Apo B, and CRP were analyzed in fasting blood samples by commercially available ELISA kits. Overall, the participants lost 4.0% of body weight and 3.5% of body fat. The difference among the groups was significant, with the highest decrease in weight, BMI, android/gynoid and total body fat in Dairy group, compared to Supplement and Control group. The loss of android and total body lean mass was significantly lower in Dairy group compared to other two.There was no change in total body BMD. There was improvement in each measured blood parameter, probably due to weight loss, except in glucose, HDL and Apo A which remained the same. Dairy group showed the highest decrease in total cholesterol and LDL (6.1% and 7.7%), respectively, compared to Supplement (3.2% and 3.4%) and Control (3.8% and 1.7%) groups. Apo B decreased in Dairy group only. In conclusion, the hypocaloric treatments with increased Ca2+ intake either via low‐fat dairy foods or via Ca2+ supplements was associated with greater weight reduction toward a healthier body composition and better lipid profile, with the best outcomes in a low‐fat Dairy group. Increasing low‐fat dairy foods to 4‐5 servings per day may be beneficial for weight loss/maintenance and lead to more favorable body composition and metabolic profile in postmenopausal women.
Consumption of higher dairy and dietary protein during diet- and exercise-induced weight loss promotes a metabolically favourable body composition change in overweight and obese young women$$$ While diet and exercise induced body weight loss has significant health benefits, the ratio of fat:lean tissue loss may be more important. We aimed to determine how daily exercise and different hypoenergetic diets, varying in protein and calcium, affected changes in the tissue composition of weight lost in otherwise healthy young, overweight and obese women over 16wk. Ninety subjects were randomized to 3 groups (n=30 ea): HiDairyPro (HDP), DairyPro (DP) and Control (CON). They differed in the type of protein consumed (high, moderate or low dairy, respectively) and amount (30%, 15% and 15% of energy, respectively). Body composition (DXA) was measured at 0, 8 and 16wk, and a subset of subjects (n=39) underwent MRI to assess visceral adipose tissue (VAT) volume at 0 and 16wk. All groups lost body weight and fat (P<0.05, for all), however, the net loss of fat during 8‐16wk was greater in HDP versus DP and CON. HDP gained muscle with a greater increase during 8‐16wk than the other groups while DP maintained muscle and CON lost muscle. HDP also lost more VAT versus CON. We conclude that diet and exercise induced weight loss regimens with higher dairy, calcium and protein versus those without promoted weight loss in women with a more metabolically favourable body composition change characterised by greater total and visceral fat loss and muscle mass gain.
"Benifuuki" Extract Reduces Serum Levels of Lectin-Like Oxidized Low-Density Lipoprotein Receptor-1 Ligands Containing Apolipoprotein B: a Double-Blind Placebo-Controlled Randomized Trial$$$ (1) Background: Arteriosclerosis is associated with high levels of low‐density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol. O‐methylated catechins in "Benifuuki" green tea are expected to reduce cholesterol levels, although there is limited research regarding this topic$$$ (2) Methods: This trial evaluated 159 healthy volunteers who were randomized to receive ice cream containing a high‐dose of "Benifuuki" extract including 676 mg of catechins (group H), a low‐dose of "Benifuuki" extract including 322 mg of catechins (group L), or no "Benifuuki" extract (group C). Each group consumed ice cream (with or without extract) daily for 12 weeks, and their lipid‐related parameters were compared$$$ (3) Results: A significant reduction in the level of lectin‐like oxidized LDL receptor‐1 ligand containing ApoB (LAB) was detected in group H, compared to groups L and C. No significant differences between the three groups were detected in their levels of total cholesterol, triglycerides, and LDL cholesterol$$$ (4) Conclusions: "Benifuuki" extract containing O‐methylated catechins may help prevent arteriosclerosis.
Dynamics of postprandial remnant-like lipoprotein particles in serum after loading of diacylglycerols$$$ BACKGROUND: To compare the effects of diacylglycerol (DAG) on postprandial lipid metabolism with triacylglycerol (TAG), we examined the differences in the dynamics of remnant lipoproteins after loading of DAG or TAG of the same fatty acid composition. METHODS: The subjects were comprised of 6 male volunteers who orally took creamed test meals prepared with either DAG or TAG at a dose of 30 g lipid/m(2) of body surface area in the early morning after fasting for at least 12 h. Blood was taken before and 2, 3, 4, 6 and 8 h after lipid loading. To quantify the amount of remnants, as the parameters, we used concentrations of cholesterol (RLP‐C) and triacylglycerol (RLP‐TG) in remnant‐like lipoprotein particles (RLP) of serum. RESULTS: The serum triacylglycerol concentration was markedly increased 2 h after loading of DAG and TAG. Serum triacylglycerol concentrations at 2, 3 and 8 h after loading of DAG were significantly lower than those after loading of TAG. The serum RLP‐C concentration was significantly lower 2, 3 and 8 h after loading of DAG than TAG. There was a trend toward less increase in the RLP‐TAG in the DAG group. The area under the curve (AUC) of serum RLP‐TAG after DAG loading was significantly lower than that following TAG loading. CONCLUSIONS: DAG might reduce the risk of coronary arteriosclerotic diseases by weakening the postprandial increase of RLP that is known to be closely correlated with atherosclerosis.
Comparison of the impact of SFAs from cheese and butter on cardiometabolic risk factors: a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Controversies persist concerning the association between intake of dietary saturated fatty acids (SFAs) and cardiovascular disease risk.Objective: We compared the impact of consuming equal amounts of SFAs from cheese and butter on cardiometabolic risk factors.Design: In a multicenter, crossover, randomized controlled trial, 92 men and women with abdominal obesity and relatively low HDL‐cholesterol concentrations were assigned to sequences of 5 predetermined isoenergetic diets of 4 wk each separated by 4‐wk washouts: 2 diets rich in SFAs (12.4‐12.6% of calories) from either cheese or butter$$$ a monounsaturated fatty acid (MUFA)‐rich diet (SFAs: 5.8%, MUFAs: 19.6%)$$$ a polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA)‐rich diet (SFAs: 5.8%, PUFAs: 11.5%)$$$ and a low‐fat, high‐carbohydrate diet (fat: 25%, SFAs: 5.8%).Results: Serum HDL‐cholesterol concentrations were similar after the cheese and butter diets but were significantly higher than after the carbohydrate diet (+3.8% and +4.7%, respectively$$$ P < 0.05 for both). LDL‐cholesterol concentrations after the cheese diet were lower than after the butter diet (‐3.3%, P < 0.05) but were higher than after the carbohydrate (+2.6%), MUFA (+5.3%), and PUFA (+12.3%) diets (P < 0.05 for all). LDL‐cholesterol concentrations after the butter diet also increased significantly (from +6.1% to +16.2%, P < 0.05) compared with the carbohydrate, MUFA, and PUFA diets. The LDL‐cholesterol response to treatment was significantly modified by baseline values (P‐interaction = 0.02), with the increase in LDL cholesterol being significantly greater with butter than with cheese only among individuals with high baseline LDL‐cholesterol concentrations. There was no significant difference between all diets on inflammation markers, blood pressure, and insulin‐glucose homeostasis.Conclusions: The results of our study suggest that the consumption of SFAs from cheese and butter has similar effects on HDL cholesterol but differentially modifies LDL‐cholesterol concentrations compared with the effects of carbohydrates, MUFAs, and PUFAs, particularly in individuals with high LDL cholesterol. In contrast, SFAs from either cheese or butter have no significant effects on several other nonlipid cardiometabolic risk factors. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02106208.
Effects of calcium and resistance exercise on body composition in overweight premenopausal women$$$ OBJECTIVE: To examine the combined treatment effect of a mild energy restriction, high dairy calcium intake, and resistance exercise on promoting favorable body composition changes in overweight women with a low dairy intake. Combined treatment strategies may produce synergistic effects on increasing fat loss and preserving bone in a population at risk for obesity and osteoporosis. METHODS: Overweight, sedentary women consuming a diet low in dairy calcium (≤1 serving of dairy per day) were randomized either (1) to maintain a low‐calcium diet (LOW$$$ ≤ 500 mg$$$ n = 15) or (2) to increase dairy calcium (HIGH$$$ ≥1200 mg$$$ n = 14) for 16 weeks. Both groups began resistance training 3 days per week and received dietary counseling to reduce energy intake by 250 kcal per day. Body composition was measured at the beginning and at the end of the study with dual energy x‐ray absorptiometry. Two 24‐hour dietary recalls were measured at baseline, midpoint, and end of study with Nutrition Data System for Research software. RESULTS: Participants were 36.8 ± 4.8 years of age, with an average body mass index of 29.1 ± 2.1 kg/m2. Fat mass decreased significantly over time (LOW = 3.8 ± 4.1 kg and HIGH = 1.8 ± 2.1 kg) but was not significantly different by group. Mean energy reduction from baseline was 382 kcal (LOW) and 214 kcal (HIGH$$$ p = 0.14). When change in energy intake was included as a covariate, there was still no significant difference in fat loss between groups. Change in lumbar spine bone mineral density (LOW = ‐1.5% and HIGH = 0.8%) was significant between groups (p = 0.02). The prescribed mean calcium intake was achieved for each study group (LOW = 454 ± 143 mg and HIGH = 1312 ± 183 mg), with no significant changes in protein intake over time (LOW = 0.9 g/kg and HIGH = 1.0 g/kg, p = 0.08). CONCLUSION: These results suggest that increasing dairy calcium offers no added benefit in reducing body fat when combined with resistance training and energy restriction. However, increasing dairy calcium improves bone mineral density in premenopausal overweight women.
Effects of a multi-modal resistance exercise program and calcium-vitamin D3 fortified milk on blood pressure and blood lipids in middle-aged and older men: secondary analysis of an 18-month factorial design randomised controlled trial$$$ Purpose: Physical activity and dietary interventions are recommended as front‐line therapy for prevention and management of cardiovascular disease. This study investigated the independent and combined effects of low‐fat, calcium‐vitamin D3 fortified milk and multi‐modal exercise training on blood pressure (BP) and blood lipids in middle‐aged and older men. Methods: This was a pre‐planned secondary analysis of an 18‐month, randomised controlled trial. Community‐dwelling men aged 50–79 years (n = 180) were randomised into (i) exercise + fortified milk$$$ (ii) fortified milk$$$ (iii) exercise$$$ or (iv) control. The low‐fat milk (400 mL/day) was fortified with 1,000 mg/day calcium and 800 IU/day of vitamin‐D3, whilst the exercise intervention consisted of three sessions/week of resistance‐ and weight‐bearing impact exercises. Resting BP and fasting lipids were assessed at baseline, 6 (lipids only), 12 and 18 months. Results: Mean ± SD serum 25(OH)D and calcium intake for the entire cohort at baseline was 86 ± 36 nmol/L and 1002 ± 397 mg/day, respectively, with 10% classified as vitamin‐D insufficient and 58% reporting a calcium intake below 1000 mg/day. There were no exercise‐by‐fortified milk interactions, nor any main‐group effects for exercise or milk on BP or lipids at any time. However, there were significant reductions from baseline to 18 months in systolic (mean change, 5–8 mmHg) and diastolic (4–6 mmHg) BP in the exercise, fortified milk and control groups. All results remained largely unchanged after adjusting for use of anti‐hypertensive or lipid lowering medication, weight or fat mass, or only including men with hypertension (n = 89) or dyslipidemia (n = 130) at baseline. Conclusion: Supplementation with low‐fat, calcium + vitamin D3 fortified milk and a multi‐modal exercise program, alone or in combination, was not effective for improving BP or blood lipids in community‐dwelling middle‐aged and older men.
Higher circulating α-carotene was associated with better cognitive function: an evaluation among the MIND trial participants$$$ There is emerging evidence linking fruit and vegetable consumption and cognitive function. However, studies focusing on the nutrients underlying this relationship are lacking. We aim to examine the association between plasma nutrients and cognition in a population at risk for cognitive decline with a suboptimal diet. The Mediterranean‐DASH Intervention for Neurodegenerative Delay (MIND) trial is a randomized controlled intervention that examines the effects of the MIND diet to prevent cognitive decline. The primary outcome is global cognition. A multivariate linear model was used to investigate the association between blood nutrients and global and/or domain‐specific cognition. The model was adjusted for age, sex, education, study site, smoking status, cognitive activities and physical activities. High plasma α‐carotene was associated with better global cognition. Participants in the highest tertile of plasma α‐carotene had a higher global cognition z score of 0⋅17 when compared with individuals in the lowest tertile (P 0⋅002). Circulating α‐carotene levels were also associated with higher semantic memory scores (P for trend 0⋅007). Lutein and zeaxanthin (combined) was positively associated with higher semantic memory scores (P for trend 0⋅009). Our study demonstrated that higher α‐carotene levels in blood were associated with higher global cognition scores in a US population at risk for cognitive decline. The higher α‐carotene levels in blood reflected greater intakes of fruits, other types of vegetables and lesser intakes of butter and margarine and meat. The higher circulating levels of lutein plus zeaxanthin reflected a dietary pattern with high intakes of fruits, green leafy, other vegetables and cheese, and low consumption of fried foods. Objective nutrient markers in the blood can better characterize dietary intake, which may facilitate the implementation of a tailored dietary intervention for the prevention of cognitive decline.
Short-term serum and urinary changes in sex hormones of healthy pre-pubertal children after the consumption of commercially available whole milk powder: a randomized, two-level, controlled-intervention trial in China$$$ Currently, commercial milk may contain abundant pregnancy‐related hormones, the regular consumption of which puts children at a risk of precocious puberty and sex‐hormone‐associated tumors in adulthood. In this intervention trial, 51 healthy prepubescent children were randomly assigned to the intervention or control arms at a ratio of 3 : 1 to receive 250 or 600 mL m‐2 (body surface area) of milk intervention or matching equienergetic sugar water as the control. On testing cow's milk, progesterone was detected, while estrone, estradiol (E2), and testosterone (T2) were not. Cow's milk ingestion did not significantly influence the serum FSH, E2, PRL, LH, and T2 levels (P > 0.05) of pre‐pubertal children 3 h after the intervention, while it increased their serum progesterone levels (P < 0.05) when compared with that in the control arm. Regarding the urinary hormone levels, cow's milk ingestion increased the urinary pregnanediol level within 4 h (P < 0.05), but not significantly when compared with that of the control (P > 0.05). The level of pregnanediol and E2 in the morning urine for three consecutive days showed no significant difference between the two arms (P > 0.05). Drinking commercial milk with progesterone influenced the progesterone levels of pre‐pubertal children in hours but not days and did not affect other sex hormone levels of pre‐pubertal children.
Combination Topical Chemotherapy for the Treatment of an Invasive Cutaneous Squamous Cell Carcinoma$$$ Introduction: Standard of care for squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) is usually surgical, with either excision or Mohs micrographic surgery. However, surgery may not be ideal for elderly patients with numerous lesions, who are poor surgical candidates or who refuse surgery. Topical 5‐fluorouracil (5‐FU) and imiquimod have been studied off‐label as monotherapies in the treatment of SCC in situ with promising results. However, long‐term tumor‐free survival rates are still less than with surgical management. Methods: We report a case of biopsy‐proven invasive SCC in an 86‐year‐old Caucasian male with history of multiple actinic keratoses and no previous skin cancers. The patient declined surgical treatment due to concerns about cosmetic outcomes. A combination of topical 5% imiquimod cream, 2% 5‐FU solution, and 0.1% tretinoin cream was used five nights per week under occlusion for a treatment goal of 30 total applications. The patient was evaluated in clinic every 2 weeks during which the site was treated with cryotherapy. The patient reported burning pain associated with treatment and only completed 24 of the 30 applications. Results: Follow‐up biopsy 15 months after completing topical treatment revealed dermal scar with no evidence of residual carcinoma. Conclusion: Topical combination therapy with imiquimod, 5‐FU, and tretinoin with intermittent, brief cryotherapy effectively treated a small, invasive SCC in this select patient who deferred surgery. Prospective randomized‐controlled clinical trials to assess the role of combination topical treatment for invasive SCCs are warranted. J Drugs Dermatol. 2020$$$19(2)202‐204. doi:10.36849/JDD.2020.2228
Surgery versus combined treatment with curettage and imiquimod for nodular basal cell carcinoma: one-year results of a noninferiority, randomized, controlled trial$$$ PURPOSE: Nodular basal cell carcinoma (nBCC) is mostly treated with surgical excision. Interest in minimally invasive treatment of these low‐risk tumors is increasing. We assessed the effectiveness of nBCC treatment with curettage and imiquimod cream compared with surgical excision. METHODS: Patients with nBCC included in this randomized, controlled noninferiority trial were randomly assigned to either a curettage and imiquimod cream group or a surgical excision group. The primary endpoint was the proportion of patients free from treatment failure 1 year after the end of treatment. A prespecified noninferiority margin of 8% was used. A modified intention‐to‐treat and a per‐protocol analysis was performed (ClinicalTrials.gov identifier NCT02242929). RESULTS: One hundred forty‐five patients were randomized: 73 to the curettage and imiquimod cream group and 72 to the surgical excision group. The proportion of patients free of recurrence after 12 months was 86.3% (63/73) for the curettage and imiquimod group and 100% (72/72) for the surgical excision group. The difference in efficacy was ‐13.7% (95% confidence interval ‐21.6% to ‐5.8%$$$ 1‐sided P = .0004) favoring surgical excision. CONCLUSION: Noninferiority of curettage and imiquimod cream cannot be concluded. Given the still high efficacy of curettage and imiquimod cream and the indolent growth pattern of nBCC, curettage and imiquimod could still be a valuable treatment option with the possibility to prevent overuse of excisions. However, it cannot replace surgical excision.
Randomized trial of calcipotriol combined with 5-fluorouracil for skin cancer precursor immunotherapy$$$ BACKGROUND: Actinic keratosis is a precursor to cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma. Long treatment durations and severe side effects have limited the efficacy of current actinic keratosis treatments. Thymic stromal lymphopoietin (TSLP) is an epithelium‐derived cytokine that induces a robust antitumor immunity in barrier‐defective skin. Here, we investigated the efficacy of calcipotriol, a topical TSLP inducer, in combination with 5‐fluorouracil (5‐FU) as an immunotherapy for actinic keratosis. METHODS: The mechanism of calcipotriol action against skin carcinogenesis was examined in genetically engineered mouse models. The efficacy and safety of 0.005% calcipotriol ointment combined with 5% 5‐FU cream were compared with Vaseline plus 5‐FU for the field treatment of actinic keratosis in a randomized, double‐blind clinical trial involving 131 participants. The assigned treatment was self‐applied to the entirety of the qualified anatomical sites (face, scalp, and upper extremities) twice daily for 4 consecutive days. The percentage of reduction in the number of actinic keratoses (primary outcome), local skin reactions, and immune activation parameters were assessed. RESULTS: Calcipotriol suppressed skin cancer development in mice in a TSLP‐dependent manner. Four‐day application of calcipotriol plus 5‐FU versus Vaseline plus 5‐FU led to an 87.8% versus 26.3% mean reduction in the number of actinic keratoses in participants (P < 0.0001). Importantly, calcipotriol plus 5‐FU treatment induced TSLP, HLA class II, and natural killer cell group 2D (NKG2D) ligand expression in the lesional keratinocytes associated with a marked CD4+ T cell infiltration, which peaked on days 10‐11 after treatment, without pain, crusting, or ulceration. CONCLUSION: Our findings demonstrate the synergistic effects of calcipotriol and 5‐FU treatment in optimally activating a CD4+ T cell‐mediated immunity against actinic keratoses and, potentially, cancers of the skin and other organs. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT02019355. FUNDING: Not applicable (investigator‐initiated clinical trial).
Effect of Methyl Aminolevulinate Photodynamic Therapy With and Without Ablative Fractional Laser Treatment in Patients With Microinvasive Squamous Cell Carcinoma: a Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Importance: Surgical excision is the standard treatment for cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma (SCC). However, microinvasive SCC (Clark level II) is limited to the papillary dermis, and it should be differentiated from invasive SCC. Ablative fractional laser‐primed photodynamic therapy (AFL‐PDT) may have enhanced efficacy. Objective: To compare 1 session of AFL‐PDT with 2 sessions of conventional methyl aminolevulinate‐PDT (MAL‐PDT) for the treatment of microinvasive SCC. Design, Setting, and Participants: A 2‐armed, randomized, single‐blind, comparative trial of 45 patients with histologically proven microinvasive SCC. Twenty‐one patients were randomized to treatment with a single AFL‐PDT session, and 24 patients were randomized to 2 MAL‐PDT sessions with a 1‐week interval between sessions using a computer‐generated program. Standard pretreatment such as curettage was not performed prior to PDT owing to a tendency to bleed. The efficacy, recurrence rate, cosmetic outcomes, and safety were assessed 1 week, 3, 12, and 24 months after the last treatment. Interventions: AFL was performed with an ablation depth of 550 µm to 600 µm, coagulation level of 1, treatment density of 22%, and a single pulse. Then, MAL cream was applied under occlusion for 3 hours and illuminated by using a red light‐emitting diode light at 37 J/cm2. A second session of MAL‐PDT was administered after 7 days. Main Outcomes and Measures: The primary outcome measures were the lesion response at 3 and 12 months, and the recurrence rate 12 months after the last treatment. Results: Twenty‐one patients (6 men, 15 women) with a mean (SD) age of 76 (6) years were randomized to treatment with a single AFL‐PDT session, and 24 patients (11 men, 13 women) with a mean (SD) age of 75 (6) years were randomized to 2 MAL‐PDT sessions. The overall complete response rates 3 months after treatment were 84.2% with AFL‐PDT and 52.4% with MAL‐PDT (P = .03). These differences in efficacy remained significant at the 24‐month follow‐up. The recurrence rate was significantly lower with AFL‐PDT (12.5%) than with MAL‐PDT (63.6%) at 24 months (P = .006). AFL‐PDT and MAL‐PDT did not differ significantly with respect to the cosmetic outcomes, adverse events, or pain intensity. Conclusions and Relevance: AFL‐PDT can be used as an alternative treatment option for patients with microinvasive SCC who are not suitable for surgical treatment. Trial Registration: clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT02666534.
Safety and efficacy of 5% imiquimod cream for the treatment of skin dysplasia in high-risk renal transplant recipients: randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the safety and efficacy of 5% imiquimod cream for cutaneous dysplasia in high‐risk renal transplant recipients. DESIGN: A randomized, blinded, placebo‐controlled study comparing treated with control skin. SETTING: A specialist organ transplant dermatology clinic. PATIENTS: Twenty‐one high‐risk patients with skin cancer with comparable areas of clinically atypical skin on dorsal hands or forearms. INTERVENTIONS: Imiquimod or placebo (randomly assigned) applied 3 times a week for 16 weeks to 1 dorsal hand or forearm, with 8 months of follow‐up. At week 16, biopsy samples were collected from pre‐assigned sites in the treatment and control areas and were examined for dysplasia. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The proportion of patients showing reduced numbers of viral and keratotic lesions and reduced histological severity of dysplasia in the treatment vs control areas at week 16, serum creatinine levels, and tumors developing in the study sites. RESULTS: Fourteen patients receiving imiquimod and 6 receiving placebo completed the study. Seven patients using imiquimod (1 taking placebo) had reduced skin atypia, 7 using imiquimod (none taking placebo) had reduced viral warts, and 5 using imiquimod (1 taking placebo) showed less dysplasia histologically. In 1 year, fewer squamous skin tumors arose in imiquimod‐treated skin than in control areas. Renal function was not adversely affected. CONCLUSIONS: Topical 5% imiquimod cream seems to be safe on skin areas up to 60 cm2 in renal transplant recipients. It may be effective in reducing cutaneous dysplasia and the frequency of squamous tumors developing in high‐risk patients. Larger studies are required to confirm these results.
The application of Levulan-based photodynamic therapy with imiquimod in the treatment of recurrent basal cell carcinoma$$$ BACKGROUND: Common skin tumors like basal‐ and squamous‐cell carcinoma present a serious problem in modern medicine. Exposure to ultraviolet solar radiation is the main cause of these lesions. Since application of Aldara and PDT separately is well documented, we decided to use both methods together. The aim of our study was to evaluate the effectiveness of local photodynamic therapy supplemented with topical application of Aldara in basal‐cell carcinoma. MATERIAL/METHODS: Thirty‐four patients ages 50 to 68 years were enrolled to the trial and underwent PDT treatment. Each case of BCC was histopathologically confirmed. Ten patients were subjected to local Levulan‐PDT and placebo (Eucerin as vehicle cream), and 24 patients were subjected to Levulan‐PDT and imiquimod. Photodynamic diagnosis (PDD) was used to detect and visualize suspicious foci (including cancer lesions). RESULTS: In the group of patients who were treated using Levulan‐PDT and placebo, 6 patients (60%) were totally cured and 4 lesions (40%) significantly decreased in size. In the group of patients treated with Levulan‐PDT and imiquimod, 18 lesions totally disappeared (75%), 6 lesions significantly diminished, and in 1 patient small foci of previously excised BCC developed again in scar tissue 10 month after the first control examination. CONCLUSIONS: Cure was achieved without any scarring and with very good cosmetic effects. Although this is the preliminary report, the presented modification of PDT seems to be reasonable and promising in treating basal‐cell carcinoma.
Topical 5-fluorouracil and calcipotriol combination: a potent immunotherapeutic for actinic keratosis$$$ Actinic keratosis (AK) is a common squamous cell carcinoma precursor. Several modalities are used for field treatment of AKs$$$ however, long duration of therapy and severe side effects limit their efficacy. Herein, we demonstrate the high efficacy of 5‐fluorouracil (5‐FU) and calcipotriol combination as a novel immunotherapy against AK. We have previously demonstrated that thymic stromal lymphopoietin (TSLP), an epithelial‐derived cytokine, induces a robust anti‐tumor immunity in skin. To investigate the role of TSLP in skin cancer treatment and prevention in patients, we first showed that calcipotriol, a known inducer of TSLP in the skin, suppressed skin cancer development in a TSLP‐dependent manner in murine models of skin carcinogenesis. Next, we investigated the efficacy of 0.005% calcipotriol ointment in combination with 5% 5‐FU cream compared to 5‐FU alone in the treatment of AKs in a randomized, double‐blind clinical trial with 132 participants. Four‐day twice‐daily therapy with 5‐FU&Calcipotriol combination versus 5‐FU led to 86.3% vs. 26.3%, 76.4% vs. 5.7%, 69.2% vs. 9.6% and 79% vs. 15.9% reduction in the number of AKs on face, scalp, right and left upper extremities, respectively (p <0.0001 for all anatomical sites). Importantly, 5‐FU&Calcipotriol combination resulted in TSLP expression in the skin and significant immune activation at the sites of AKs without pain or crusting. These findings highlight the synergic effects of an immunomodulatory drug, calcipotriol, and a cytotoxic agent, 5‐FU, in optimally activating the immune system against AK and potentially cancers of the skin and other organs.
Long-term clinical outcomes of imiquimod 5% cream vs. diclofenac 3% gel for actinic keratosis on the face or scalp: a pooled analysis of two randomized controlled trials$$$ BACKGROUND: Actinic keratosis (AK) is an early in situ epidermal cancer which can progress to invasive squamous cell carcinoma (SCC). Imiquimod 5% cream (IMIQ) and diclofenac 3% gel (DIC) are frequently used to treat AK$$$ however, their long‐term effects following repeated treatment cycles have never been compared. OBJECTIVE: To compare IMIQ and DIC in the treatment of AK with respect to the risk of change to grade III AK or invasive SCC, after 3 years. METHODS: Data were pooled from two randomized, active‐controlled, open‐label, multicentre, multinational, phase IV studies (Clinicaltrials.gov NCT00777127/NCT01453179), with two parallel groups. Studies were conducted between 2008 and 2015 and were almost identical in design. Patients eligible for inclusion were immunocompetent adults with 5‐10 visible AK lesions on the face/scalp and grade I/II AK. The primary endpoint was inhibition of histological change to grade III AK or invasive SCC in the study treatment area, observed until month 36. Patients applied either IMIQ or DIC for a maximum of six treatment cycles. RESULTS: In total, 479 patients (IMIQ 242$$$ DIC 237) were included in the full analysis set. Histological change to grade III AK or invasive SCC was observed until month 36 in 13 (5.4%) patients treated with IMIQ, compared with 26 (11.0%) patients treated with DIC (absolute risk difference ‐5.6% [95% confidence interval ‐10.7%, ‐0.7%]). Time to histological change was greater in the IMIQ group than the DIC group (P = 0.0266). Frequency of progression to invasive SCC was lower with IMIQ than with DIC at all time points. Initial clearance rate was higher in the IMIQ group compared with the DIC group, while recurrence rate was lower. Both treatments were well tolerated. CONCLUSIONS: Over 3 years, IMIQ was superior to DIC in clearing AK lesions and preventing histological change to grade III AK or invasive SCC and recurrence.
The application of Levulan-based photodynamic therapy with imiquimod in the treatment of recurrent basal cell carcinoma$$$ BACKGROUND: Common skin tumors like basal‐ and squamous‐cell carcinoma present a serious problem in modern medicine. Exposure to ultraviolet solar radiation is the main cause of these lesions. Since application of Aldara and PDT separately is well documented, we decided to use both methods together. The aim of our study was to evaluate the effectiveness of local photodynamic therapy supplemented with topical application of Aldara in basal‐cell carcinoma. MATERIAL/METHODS: Thirty‐four patients ages 50 to 68 years were enrolled to the trial and underwent PDT treatment. Each case of BCC was histopathologically confirmed. Ten patients were subjected to local Levulan‐PDT and placebo (Eucerin as vehicle cream), and 24 patients were subjected to Levulan‐PDT and imiquimod. Photodynamic diagnosis (PDD) was used to detect and visualize suspicious foci (including cancer lesions). RESULTS: In the group of patients who were treated using Levulan‐PDT and placebo, 6 patients (60%) were totally cured and 4 lesions (40%) significantly decreased in size. In the group of patients treated with Levulan‐PDT and imiquimod, 18 lesions totally disappeared (75%), 6 lesions significantly diminished, and in 1 patient small foci of previously excised BCC developed again in scar tissue 10 month after the first control examination. CONCLUSIONS: Cure was achieved without any scarring and with very good cosmetic effects. Although this is the preliminary report, the presented modification of PDT seems to be reasonable and promising in treating basal‐cell carcinoma.
The effect of red seaweed (Kappaphycus alvarezii) biscuits on hemoglobin levels and body weight among the first trimester pregnant women$$$ BACKGROUND: The prevalence of anemic pregnant women is still reasonably high, especially in low‐middleincome countries. AIM: This study was aimed to assess the effect of giving red seaweed (Kappaphycus alvarezii) biscuits on changes in hemoglobin (Hb) levels and body weight of pregnant women in the first trimester. METHODS: The study used a quasi‐experiment pretest‐posttest study design. The study was conducted from April to June 2021 involving pregnant women in the first trimester who living in the working area of the Wapunto Community Health Center, Muna Regency, Indonesia. A total of 45 pregnant women were selected purposively and assigned to three different groups. The first group was given two pieces of red seaweed biscuits per day. The second group was given two pieces of red seaweed biscuits plus Fe tablets (60 mg/day), and the last group was given Fe tablet only (60 mg/day). Chi‐square, paired sample t‐test, Wilcoxon, and Kruskal–Wallis tests were performed using SPSS. RESULTS: The intervention group of red seaweed biscuits plus Fe tablets had the highest increase in Hb levels after 8 weeks of intervention, followed by the red seaweed biscuit group and the control group (0.97, 0.78, and 0.60 g/dL, respectively, p‐value < 0.05). The red seaweed biscuit intervention group had the highest changes for body weight compared to the red seaweed biscuit plus Fe tablet group and the control group (1.07, 0.43, and 0.04 kg, respectively). CONCLUSION: The provision of red seaweed biscuits could increase maternal Hb level and weight during the first trimester of their pregnancy.
A dairy-based, protein-rich breakfast enhances satiety and cognitive concentration before lunch in overweight to obese young females: a randomized controlled crossover study$$$ The purpose of this study was to investigate if consumption of a high‐protein, low‐carbohydrate breakfast (PRO) leads to a lower subsequent ad libitum energy intake at lunch and the rest of the day compared with ingestion of an isocaloric low‐protein, high‐carbohydrate breakfast (CHO) or no breakfast (CON). The study was designed as a randomized controlled 3‐period crossover study. Thirty young (18‐30 yr) females with overweight to obesity (body mass index >25 kg/m2) in random order completed 3 separate experimental days where they consumed either a PRO, CHO, or CON breakfast test meal followed by an ad libitum lunch meal 3 h after breakfast. Participants were allocated to a sequence group by their inclusion number. The PRO and CHO breakfasts were matched in dietary fiber and fat content. Energy intake at lunch was calculated and dietary records were obtained for the rest of the day to calculate the total daily energy intake and macronutrient intake. Ratings of appetite sensations between meals and palatability of the test meals were assessed using visual analog scale sheets in intervals ranging from 10 to 30 min. In addition, blood samples were obtained at multiple time points separated by 10 to 60 min intervals between breakfast and lunch and were analyzed for appetite‐regulating gut hormones, insulin, and glucose. Finally, performance in a cognitive concentration test was tested 150 min after breakfast. Compared with CHO and CON, the area under the curves for satiety, fullness, and satisfaction in the 3 h after breakfast were significantly higher after PRO, whereas the areas under the curve for hunger, desire to eat, and prospective eating were significantly lower after PRO. The appetite‐regulating gut hormones cholecystokinin, glucagon‐like peptide‐1, and ghrelin in the hours after breakfast, energy intake during the ad libitum lunch meal, and the total daily energy intake did not differ significantly between PRO, CHO, and CON. However, the cognitive concentration test score was 3.5 percentage points higher for PRO, but not CHO, versus CON. A dairy‐based high‐protein, low‐carbohydrate breakfast increased satiety sensation in the hours after breakfast but did not reduce total daily energy intake compared with an isocaloric low‐protein, high‐carbohydrate breakfast or omitting breakfast. However, performance in a cognitive concentration test before lunch was enhanced after the high‐protein, low‐carbohydrate breakfast, but not the low‐protein, high‐carbohydrate breakfast, compared with omitting breakfast.
Diets higher in dairy foods and dietary protein support bone health during diet- and exercise-induced weight loss in overweight and obese premenopausal women$$$ CONTEXT: Consolidation and maintenance of peak bone mass in young adulthood may be compromised by inactivity, low dietary calcium, and diet‐induced weight loss. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to determine whether higher intakes of dairy foods, dietary calcium, and protein during diet‐ and exercise‐induced weight loss affected markers of bone health. PARTICIPANTS: Participants included premenopausal overweight and obese women. DESIGN/INTERVENTION: Ninety participants were randomized into three groups (n = 30 per group): high protein and high dairy (HPHD), adequate protein and medium dairy (APMD), and adequate protein and low dairy (APLD), differing in dietary protein (30, 15, or 15% of energy, respectively), dairy foods (15, 7.5, or <2% of energy from protein, respectively), and dietary calcium (∼1600, ∼1000, or <500 mg/d, respectively). OUTCOME MEASURES: Serum and urine bone turnover biomarkers, serum osteoprotegerin (OPG), receptor activator of nuclear factor‐κB ligand (RANKL), PTH, 25‐hydroxyvitamin D, leptin, and adiponectin measured at 0 and 16 wk. RESULTS: All groups lost equivalent body weight (P < 0.05). N‐telopeptide, C‐telopeptide (CTX), urinary deoxypyridinoline, and osteocalcin increased in APLD (P < 0.01), whereas in HPHD, osteocalcin and procollagen 1 amino‐terminal propeptide (P1NP) increased (P < 0.05), and all resorption markers remained unchanged. P1NP to CTX and OPG to RANKL ratios increased in HPHD (P < 0.005), and P1NP to CTX ratio decreased in APLD (P < 0.05). PTH decreased in HPHD and APMD vs. APLD (P < 0.005), and 25‐hydroxyvitamin D increased in HPHD (P < 0.05), remained unchanged in APMD, and decreased in APLD (P < 0.05). Leptin decreased and adiponectin increased in APMD and HPHD only (P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Hypoenergetic diets higher in dairy foods, dietary calcium, and protein with daily exercise, favorably affected important bone health biomarkers vs. diets with less of these bone‐supporting nutrients.
Effect of naloxone on pancreatic and gastric endocrine function in response to carbohydrate and fat-rich test meals$$$ The present study was designed to determine the effect of naloxone, a specific opiate receptor antagonist, on postprandial levels of insulin, glucagon, pancreatic polypeptide (PP), somatostatin‐like immunoreactivity (SLI) and gastrin in response to carbohydrate and fat‐rich test meals in a group of 6 healthy volunteers. The addition of naloxone to a meal consisting of 50 g sucrose dissolved in 200 ml water augmented the rise of plasma insulin levels significantly during the first 30 min after its ingestion and reduced the rise in plasma insulin and pancreatic polypeptide and elevated glucagon levels during the last 30 min of the experimental period. When sucrose was dissolved in 200 ml cream the addition of naloxone augmented the postprandial rise of insulin levels between 15 and 60 min after ingestion of the meal and elicited an increase of plasma SLI and PP levels throughout the entire experimental period which indicates that post‐prandial levels of insulin, glucagon, PP and SLI are modulated via endogenous opiate receptors during the ingestion of carbohydrate and fat test meals and that this effect depends on the composition of the ingested nutrients. These data raise the possibility that endogenous opiates participate in the regulation of postprandial insulin, glucagon, somatostatin and pancreatic polypeptide release not only in certain disease states as demonstrated recently for insulin secretion in type II diabetes mellitus but endogenous opiates may also be of importance under physiological conditions.
Effect of calcium intake on body weight and body fat in overweight individuals$$$ INTERVENTION: ‐ Dairy group: 11 overweight/obese, female, low‐calcium consumers (<800mg/day) received daily during 45 consecutive days breakfasts containing 700mg/day of calcium from skim milk, plus calorie‐restricted diet ( ‐500kcal/day, additional of 800mg calcium/day)$$$ ‐ Supplemental group: 11 overweight/obese, female, low‐calcium consumers (<800mg/day) received daily during 45 consecutive days breakfasts containing 700mg/day of calcium from the supplement calcium citrate plus calorie‐restricted diet ( ‐500kcal/day, addiction of 800mg of calcium/day)$$$ ‐ Control group: 11 overweight/obese, female, low‐calcium consumers (<800mg/day) received daily during 45 consecutive days placebo breakfasts (without any calcium source) calcium source (placebo) plus calorie‐restricted diet ( ‐500kcal/day, addiction of 800mg of calcium/day). Breakfasts were offered in the laboratory and consumed on a fasting state, for all experimental groups. Dietary supplement SP6.051.227 V03.200.700 CONDITION: C18.654.726.500 Obesity $$$ C18.654.726.500 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Average body fat loss of 4.97 % evaluated by dual‐energy X‐ray absorptiometry, after 45 days of intervention. Total body fat loss more than 3.7% evaluated by dual‐energy X‐ray absorptiometry, after 45 days of intervention. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Increased of at least 10% in the diet‐induced energy expenditure, fat oxidation and total energy metabolism evaluated by indirect calorimetry$$$ reduction of at least 5pg/dL of blood PTH measured by electrochemiluminescence method. Unexpected significant reduction of approximately 0.6mg/dL in uric acid blood levels by enzumatic colorimetric test in dairy and supplement groups compared to the control group. $$$ Other expected secondary outcomes had no significant differences between groups. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Healthy overweight or obese women$$$ calcium intake less than 800 mg/day$$$ physical activity level of mild to moderate$$$ aged between 19 and 40 years$$$ non smokers$$$ restriction and disinhibition level less than 14.
A randomized clinical trial of efficacy and safety of the topical clonidine and capsaicin in the treatment of painful diabetic neuropathy$$$ Background: Incomplete efficiency of oral medications restricts their therapeutic success in pain control of the painful form of the diabetic peripheral neuropathy (DPN). Use of topical medications because of less systemic side effects is more acceptable. This study aimed to compare the effect of clonidine gel and capsaicin cream in relieving pain associated with DPN. Materials and Methods: This 12‐week, randomized, double‐blind and parallel‐group trial was conducted to compare the efficacy and safety of topical clonidine and capsaicin. Totally, 139 patients with type 2 diabetes with a pain score of at least 4 as assessed by visual analog scale (VAS), were treated for up to 3 months. The endpoint of the study was the reduction in the median pain score from baseline, as assessed by the VAS at the 4 weekly follow‐up visits. Results: The intention‐to‐treat population for the efficacy analysis consists of 69 patients receiving clonidine and 70 patients receiving capsaicin. Both drugs significantly relieved pain at 12 weeks (P < 0.001 for both) but no significant difference in the efficacy between the two treatments was observed (P = 0.931). Dermatologic complications were more common in capsaicin group (P = 0.001). Conclusion: The results of this study showed the comparable efficacy of clonidine gel in comparison with capsaicin cream in the treatment of pain due to DPN with less adverse events. More studies are required to better evaluate the efficacy and safety of this topical compound for relieving pain in DPN.
A randomized clinical trial of efficacy and safety of the topical clonidine and capsaicin in the treatment of painful diabetic neuropathy$$$ BACKGROUND: Incomplete efficiency of oral medications restricts their therapeutic success in pain control of the painful form of the diabetic peripheral neuropathy (DPN). Use of topical medications because of less systemic side effects is more acceptable. This study aimed to compare the effect of clonidine gel and capsaicin cream in relieving pain associated with DPN. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This 12‐week, randomized, double‐blind and parallel‐group trial was conducted to compare the efficacy and safety of topical clonidine and capsaicin. Totally, 139 patients with type 2 diabetes with a pain score of at least 4 as assessed by visual analog scale (VAS), were treated for up to 3 months. The endpoint of the study was the reduction in the median pain score from baseline, as assessed by the VAS at the 4 weekly follow‐up visits. RESULTS: The intention‐to‐treat population for the efficacy analysis consists of 69 patients receiving clonidine and 70 patients receiving capsaicin. Both drugs significantly relieved pain at 12 weeks (P < 0.001 for both) but no significant difference in the efficacy between the two treatments was observed (P = 0.931). Dermatologic complications were more common in capsaicin group (P = 0.001). CONCLUSION: The results of this study showed the comparable efficacy of clonidine gel in comparison with capsaicin cream in the treatment of pain due to DPN with less adverse events. More studies are required to better evaluate the efficacy and safety of this topical compound for relieving pain in DPN.
The effect of drinking milk containing conjugated linoleic acid on fecal microbiological profile, enzymatic activity, and fecal characteristics in humans$$$ BACKGROUND: The primary objective was to determine whether consumption of conjugated linoleic acids (CLAs) affected the fecal microbiota composition, fecal enzyme activity or fecal composition. METHODS: Human subjects consumed (1 L/day) cows' milk (4% fat) containing (5 mg/g fat) cis‐9, trans‐11 CLA (CONT), (32 mg/g fat) cis‐9, trans‐11 CLA (NAT) and (32 mg/g fat) trans‐10, cis‐12 CLA and cis‐9, trans‐11 CLA (SYN) for 8 weeks, in addition to their normal diet. Milk feeding periods were separated by 4 week washout periods. Fecal samples were obtained at the beginning (day 0) and the end (day 56) of each milk feeding period. Fecal samples were analysed for microbiological profile, enzyme activity, pH and short chain fatty acid content. RESULTS: Samples taken at day 0 and day 56 indicated that the numbers of lactobacilli and bifidobacteria significantly decreased after consumption of all experimental milks$$$ total aerobes, total anaerobes, enterobacteria, and enterococci + streptococci did not change. At day 56, the activities of beta‐glucosidase, nitroreductase, and urease enzymes had decreased compared to samples taken on day 0 for all treatments. beta‐glucuronidase activity did not change. Fecal pH and ammonia content did not change. CONCLUSION: It was concluded that observed changes could have been attributed to increased milk intake$$$ no differences could be attributed to consumption of the different CLAs.
Effect of calcium and dairy foods in high protein, energy-restricted diets on weight loss and metabolic parameters in overweight adults$$$ OBJECTIVE: To compare the effects two high‐protein (HP) diets that differ in dietary calcium and protein source on weight loss, body composition, glucose and lipid metabolism, markers of liver function, fibrinolysis and endothelial function and blood pressure. DESIGN: Randomized, parallel study (12 wk of energy restriction, 4 wk of energy balance) of high dairy protein/high‐calcium (DP, 2400 mg Ca/d) and high mixed protein/moderate calcium (MP, 500 mg Ca/d) diets (5.5 MJ/d, 34% protein, 41% carbohydrate, 24% fat). SUBJECTS: In all, 50 healthy, overweight (age 25‐64 y$$$ body mass index 25‐35 kg/m(2)$$$) males (n=20) and females (n=30). RESULTS: Loss of total weight (‐9.7+/‐3.8 kg), fat mass (‐8.3+/‐0.4 kg) and lean mass (‐1.6+/‐0.3 kg) were independent of dietary group. Improvements in fasting insulin, lipids, systolic/diastolic blood pressure, and markers of liver function, fibrinolysis and endothelial function were independent of dietary intervention. CONCLUSIONS: Increased dietary calcium/dairy foods in an energy‐restricted, HP diet does not affect weight loss or body composition. Weight reduction following increased protein diets is associated with beneficial metabolic outcomes that are not affected by protein source.
Metabolic Effects of a 24-Week Energy-Restricted Intervention Combined with Low or High Dairy Intake in Overweight Women: an NMR-Based Metabolomics Investigation$$$ We investigated the effect of a 24‐week energy‐restricted intervention with low or high dairy intake (LD or HD) on the metabolic profiles of urine, blood and feces in overweight/obese women by NMR spectroscopy combined with ANOVA‐simultaneous component analysis (ASCA). A significant effect of dairy intake was found on the urine metabolome. HD intake increased urinary citrate, creatinine and urea excretion, and decreased urinary excretion of trimethylamine‐N‐oxide (TMAO) and hippurate relative to the LD intake, suggesting that HD intake was associated with alterations in protein catabolism, energy metabolism and gut microbial activity. In addition, a significant time effect on the blood metabolome was attributed to a decrease in blood lipid and lipoprotein levels due to the energy restriction. For the fecal metabolome, a trend for a diet effect was found and a series of metabolites, such as acetate, butyrate, propionate, malonate, cholesterol and glycerol tended to be affected. Overall, even though these effects were not accompanied by a higher weight loss, the present metabolomics data reveal that a high dairy intake is associated with endogenous metabolic effects and effects on gut microbial activity that potentially impact body weight regulation and health. Moreover, ASCA has a great potential for exploring the effect of intervention factors and identifying altered metabolites in a multi‐factorial metabolomic study.
Leucine supplementation of a low-protein mixed macronutrient beverage enhances myofibrillar protein synthesis in young men: a double-blind, randomized trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Leucine is a key amino acid involved in the regulation of skeletal muscle protein synthesis. OBJECTIVE: We assessed the effect of the supplementation of a lower‐protein mixed macronutrient beverage with varying doses of leucine or a mixture of branched chain amino acids (BCAAs) on myofibrillar protein synthesis (MPS) at rest and after exercise. DESIGN: In a parallel group design, 40 men (21 ± 1 y) completed unilateral knee‐extensor resistance exercise before the ingestion of 25 g whey protein (W25) (3.0 g leucine), 6.25 g whey protein (W6) (0.75g leucine), 6.25 g whey protein supplemented with leucine to 3.0 g total leucine (W6+Low‐Leu), 6.25 g whey protein supplemented with leucine to 5.0 g total leucine (W6+High‐Leu), or 6.25 g whey protein supplemented with leucine, isoleucine, and valine to 5.0 g total leucine. A primed continuous infusion of l‐[ring‐(13)C6] phenylalanine with serial muscle biopsies was used to measure MPS under baseline fasted and postprandial conditions in both a rested (response to feeding) and exercised (response to combined feeding and resistance exercise) leg. RESULTS: The area under the blood leucine curve was greatest for the W6+High‐Leu group compared with the W6 and W6+Low‐Leu groups (P < 0.001). In the postprandial period, rates of MPS were increased above baseline over 0‐1.5 h in all treatments. Over 1.5‐4.5 h, MPS remained increased above baseline after all treatments but was greatest after W25 (∼267%) and W6+High‐Leu (∼220%) treatments (P = 0.002). CONCLUSIONS: A low‐protein (6.25 g) mixed macronutrient beverage can be as effective as a high‐protein dose (25 g) at stimulating increased MPS rates when supplemented with a high (5.0 g total leucine) amount of leucine. These results have important implications for formulations of protein beverages designed to enhance muscle anabolism. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT 1530646.
A diet rich in conjugated linoleic acid and butter increases lipid peroxidation but does not affect atherosclerotic, inflammatory, or diabetic risk markers in healthy young men$$$ Intake of conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) has been demonstrated to beneficially affect risk markers of atherosclerosis and diabetes in rats. CLA is naturally found in milk fat, especially from cows fed a diet high in oleic acid, and increased CLA intake can occur concomitantly with increased milk fat intake. Our objective was to investigate the effect of CLA as part of a diet rich in butter as a source of milk fat on risk markers of atherosclerosis, inflammation, diabetes type II, and lipid peroxidation. A total of 38 healthy young men were given a diet with 115 g/d of CLA‐rich fat (5.5 g/d CLA oil, a mixture of 39.4% cis9, trans11 and 38.5% trans10, cis12) or of control fat with a low content of CLA in a 5‐wk double‐blind, randomized, parallel intervention study. We collected blood and urine before and after the intervention. The fatty acid composition of plasma triacylglycerol, cholesterol esters, and phospholipids reflected that of the intervention diets. The CLA diet resulted in increased lipid peroxidation measured as an 83% higher 8‐iso‐prostaglandin F2alpha concentration compared with the control, P < 0.0001. We observed no other significant differences in the effect of the interventions diets. In conclusion, when given as part of a diet rich in butter, a mixture of CLA isomers increased lipid peroxidation but did not affect risk markers of cardiovascular disease, inflammation, or fasting insulin and glucose concentrations.
A healthy Nordic diet alters the plasma lipidomic profile in adults with features of metabolic syndrome in a multicenter randomized dietary intervention$$$ BACKGROUND: A healthy Nordic diet is associated with improvements in cardiometabolic risk factors, but the effect on lipidomic profile is not known. OBJECTIVE: The aim was to investigate how a healthy Nordic diet affects the fasting plasma lipidomic profile in subjects with metabolic syndrome. METHODS: Men and women (n = 200) with features of metabolic syndrome [mean age: 55 y$$$ body mass index (in kg/m2): 31.6] were randomly assigned to either a healthy Nordic (n = 104) or a control (n = 96) diet for 18 or 24 wk at 6 centers. Of the participants, 156 completed the study with plasma lipidomic measurements. The healthy Nordic diet consisted of whole grains, fruits, vegetables, berries, vegetable oils and margarines, fish, low‐fat milk products, and low‐fat meat. An average Nordic diet served as the control diet and included low‐fiber cereal products, dairy fat‐based spreads, regular‐fat milk products, and a limited amount of fruits, vegetables, and berries. Lipidomic profiles were measured at baseline, week 12, and the end of the intervention (18 or 24 wk) by using ultraperformance liquid chromatography mass spectrometry. The effects of the diets on the lipid variables were analyzed with linear mixed‐effects models. Data from centers with 18‐ or 24‐wk duration were also analyzed separately. RESULTS: Changes in 21 plasma lipids differed significantly between the groups at week 12 (false discovery rate P < 0.05), including increases in plasmalogens and decreases in ceramides in the healthy Nordic diet group compared with the control group. At the end of the study, changes in lipidomic profiles did not differ between the groups. However, when the intervention lasted 24 wk, changes in 8 plasma lipids that had been identified at 12 wk, including plasmalogens, were sustained. There were no differences in changes in plasma lipids between groups with an intervention of 18 wk. By the dietary biomarker score, adherence to diet did not explain the difference in the results related to the duration of the study. CONCLUSIONS: A healthy Nordic diet transiently modified the plasma lipidomic profile, specifically by increasing the concentrations of antioxidative plasmalogens and decreasing insulin resistance‐inducing ceramides. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00992641.
Dietary supplementation with omega-3 fatty acids and oleate enhances exercise training effects in patients with metabolic syndrome$$$ OBJECTIVE: We studied the effects of exercise training alone or combined with dietary supplementation of omega‐3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (Ω‐3PUFA) and oleate on metabolic syndrome (MSyn) components and other markers of cardiometabolic health. METHODS: Thirty‐six patients with MSyn underwent 24 weeks of high‐intensity interval training. In a double‐blind randomized design, half of the group ingested 500 mL/day of semi‐skim milk (8 g of fat$$$ placebo milk) whereas the other half ingested 500 mL/day of skim milk enriched with 275 mg of Ω‐3PUFA and 7.5 g of oleate (Ω‐3 + OLE). RESULTS: Ω‐3 + OLE treatment elevated 30% plasma Ω‐3PUFA but not significantly (P = 0.286). Improvements in VO2peak (12.8%), mean blood pressure (‐7.1%), waist circumference (‐1.8%), body fat mass (‐2.9%), and trunk fat mass (‐3.3%) were similar between groups. However, insulin sensitivity (measured by intravenous glucose tolerance test), serum concentration of C‐reactive protein, and high‐density lipoprotein improved only in the Ω‐3 + OLE group by 31.5%, 32.1%, and 10.3%, respectively (all P < 0.05). Fasting serum triacylglycerol, glucose, and plasma fibrinogen concentrations did not improve in either group after 24 weeks of intervention. CONCLUSIONS: Diet supplementation with Ω‐3PUFA and oleate enhanced cardiometabolic benefits of intense aerobic exercise training in patients with MSyn.
Emotional eating is associated with reduced sensitivity to the central effects of GLP-1 receptor agonist treatment$$$ Background and aims: The weight loss induced by GLP‐1 receptor agonists (GLP‐1RAs) is related to suppressed appetite signaling in the brain and increased satiety, which leads to a reduced food intake, via direct and indirect actions on the CNS. However, there is considerable variation in individual responses to GLP‐1RAs. It is unclear why some patients respond with weight loss and others do not. It has been suggested that emotional eaters are less sensitive to the acute central effects of GLP‐1RAs. Therefore, the aim of this study was to investigate if individuals with higher emotional eating scores are less sensitive to longer term effects of GLP‐1 RA on central responses to food cues. Materials and methods: We performed secondary analysis of a randomized crossover study in obese patients with type 2 diabetes ( n = 20, mean age 59.3 ± 4.1 years, mean BMI 32 ± 4.7 kg/m 2 ), consisting of two periods of 12‐week treatment with either liraglutide 1.8 mg or insulin glargine. Using functional MRI, we assessed the relation between emotional eating and the effects of the GLP‐1RA liraglutide after 10 days and 12 weeks of treatment on regional brain responses to visual food stimuli and to actual food. Results: At baseline, higher emotional eating scores were associated with stronger brain responses to the anticipation of chocolate milk in the insula (right p=0.03, left p=0.05), and with less response to chocolate milk receipt in the insula (right p=0.004, left p=0.023). After 10 days of treatment, compared to insulin glargine, higher emotional eating scores were associated with less pronounced GLP‐1RA induced reductions in brain responses to food pictures in the amygdala (p=0.01), bilateral insula (p=0.048) and left caudate nucleus (p=0.02). In addition, higher emotional eating scores tended to be associated with less pronounced GLP‐1RA increases in brain responses to food reward in the left caudate nucleus and left insula. After 12 weeks of treatment, there were no significant associations between emotional eating scores and liraglutide‐induced changes in CNS responses to food cues. Conclusion: Our findings indicate that individuals with higher emotional eating scores, who are more vulnerable to cravings and less sensitive to rewarding properties of food, may be less sensitive to GLP‐1RA treatment. These insights may help to optimize treatment strategies for obesity and to select patient groups with better efficacy of GLP‐1RA treatment.
Cholesterol-lowering effects of bovine serum immunoglobulin in participants with mild hypercholesterolemia$$$ BACKGROUND: The consumption of milk products has been shown to lower cholesterol. The mechanism of action surrounding this observation has been attributed to the protein fraction of milk and serum. OBJECTIVE: We examined the effect of an oral serum bovine immunoglobulin protein fraction (bIg) derived from US Department of Agriculture‐approved beef (aged <30 mo) on lipid indexes in humans. DESIGN: Participants included men and women (aged 25‐70 y) with hypercholesterolemia (5.44‐6.99 mmol/L) who were not receiving cholesterol‐lowering medication. Treatment consisted of the randomized, double‐blind, parallel‐group, placebo‐controlled administration of 5 g bIg for 6 wk in 52 participants (n = 26 each in treatment and control groups). RESULTS: Mean (+/‐SD) total cholesterol (TC) at baseline was 6.33 +/‐ 0.1 mmol/L for bIg and 6.16 +/‐ 0.1 mmol/L for placebo. A repeated‐measures multivariate analysis of covariance covaried for change in total energy and alcohol intake and Tukey's post hoc examination of our data showed that the bIg‐treated group had a significant reduction in TC at 3 wk (5.98 +/‐ 0.5 mmol/L$$$ P < 0.05) and 6 wk (5.97 +/‐ 0.7 mmol/L$$$ P < 0.05). The concentration at 6 wk was significantly different from that in the placebo group (P < 0.05). This reduction was largely due to a decrease in LDL cholesterol in the bIg‐treated group from baseline (4.12 +/‐ 0.6 mmol/L) at 3 wk (3.92 +/‐ 0.7 mmol/L, P < 0.05) and at 6 wk (3.84 +/‐ 0.6 mmol/L, P < 0.05)$$$ the 6‐wk concentration differed significantly between the treatment and placebo groups (P < 0.05). We observed no significant changes in the placebo group or in any other lipid indexes or markers associated with hepatorenal or cardiovascular function. CONCLUSION: Consumption of bIg appears to positively modulate the primary lipid indexes associated with cardiovascular disease.
Nutraceutical approach for the management of cardiovascular risk - a combination containing the probiotic Bifidobacterium longum BB536 and red yeast rice extract: results from a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study$$$ Background: Probiotics incorporated into dairy products have been shown to reduce total (TC) and LDL cholesterolemia (LDL‐C) in subjects with moderate hypercholesterolemia. More specifically, probiotics with high biliary salt hydrolase activity, e.g. Bifidobacterium longum BB536, may decrease TC and LDL‐C by lowering intestinal cholesterol reabsorption and, combined with other nutraceuticals, may be useful to manage hypercholesterolemia in subjects with low cardiovascular (CV) risk. This study was conducted to evaluate the efficacy and safety of a nutraceutical combination containing Bifidobacterium longum BB536, red yeast rice (RYR) extract (10 mg/day monacolin K), niacin, coenzyme Q10 (Lactoflorene Colesterolo®). The end‐points were changes of lipid CV risk markers (LDL‐C, TC, non‐HDL‐cholesterol (HDL‐C), triglycerides (TG), apolipoprotein B (ApoB), HDL‐C, apolipoprotein AI (ApoAI), lipoprotein(a) (Lp(a), proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9)), and of markers of cholesterol synthesis/absorption. Methods: A 12‐week randomized, parallel, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled study. Thirty‐three subjects (18‐70 years) in primary CV prevention and low CV risk (SCORE: 0‐1% in 24 and 2‐4% in 9 subjects$$$ LDL‐C: 130‐200 mg/dL) were randomly allocated to either nutraceutical (N = 16) or placebo (N = 17). Results: Twelve‐week treatment with the nutraceutical combination, compared to placebo, significantly reduced TC (‐ 16.7%), LDL‐C (‐ 25.7%), non‐HDL‐C (‐ 24%) (all p < 0.0001), apoB (‐ 17%, p = 0.003). TG, HDL‐C, apoAI, Lp(a), PCSK9 were unchanged. Lathosterol:TC ratio was significantly reduced by the nutraceutical combination, while campesterol:TC ratio and sitosterol:TC ratio did not change, suggesting reduction of synthesis without increased absorption of cholesterol. No adverse effects and a 97% compliance were observed. Conclusions: A 12‐week treatment with a nutraceutical combination containing the probiotic Bifidobacterium longum BB536 and RYR extract significantly improved the atherogenic lipid profile and was well tolerated by low CV risk subjects. Trial registration: NCT02689934.
Short-term effects of substituting protein for carbohydrate in the diets of moderately hypercholesterolemic human subjects$$$ The short‐term effects on plasma lipoprotein lipids of substituting meat and dairy protein for carbohydrate in the diets of 10 free‐living moderately hypercholesterolemic human subjects (four men, six women) were studied under closely supervised dietary control during the consumption of constant, low intakes of fat and cholesterol and the maintenance of stable body weight as well as constant fiber consumption. Subjects were randomly allocated to either the high or low protein diets (mean, 23% v 11% of energy as protein, 24% as fat, and 53% v 65% as carbohydrate) and then switched to the other diet for another 4 to 5 weeks. Mean fasting plasma high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL‐C) was significantly higher by 12% +/‐ 4% (0.97 +/‐ 0.08 v 0.89 +/‐ 0.08 mmol/L, P less than .01), whereas mean total cholesterol (TC) was lower by 6.5% +/‐ 1.3% (5.7 +/‐ 0.3 v 6.1 +/‐ 0.3 mmol/L, P less than .001), mean low‐density lipoprotein‐cholesterol (LDL‐C) lower by 6.4% +/‐ 2.0% (4.5 +/‐ 0.2 v 4.8 +/‐ 0.2 mmol/L, P less than .02), mean total triglycerides (TG) lower by 23% +/‐ 5% (1.7 +/‐ 0.1 v 2.4 +/‐ 0.3 mmol/L, P less than .02), and mean high versus low protein diet. Mean values for LDL‐C were significantly lower during weeks 3 to 5 of the high protein diet than during either weeks 1 to 5 or weeks 1 to 2 of the high protein diet (4.3 +/‐ 0.3, 4.5 +/‐ 0.2, and 4.7 +/‐ 0.3 mmol/L, respectively, P less than .05) and 11% +/‐ 3% lower than on low protein diet, P less than .005. The ratio of plasma LDL‐C to HDL‐C was consistently lower by 17% +/‐ 3% during the high versus low protein diet (4.9 +/‐ 0.5 v 5.8 +/‐ 0.5, P less than .001). Lowering plasma TC and LDL‐C and total TG and VLDL‐TG and increasing HDL‐C by chronic isocaloric substitution of dietary for carbohydrate may enhance the cardiovascular risk reduction obtained by restriction of dietary fat and cholesterol.
DASH diet (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) for pregnant women with diabetes and the effects of diet on the health of mother and son$$$ INTERVENTION: E02.642.249.240 G07.203.650.240 The study will be defined two study groups: Group 1 (G1) ‐ control group of 20 pregnant women who receive guidance from the traditional diet routinely adopted in the studied maternity. Pregnant women are advised to follow this diet for a minimum of eight weeks. Group 2 (G2) ‐ intervention group of 20 pregnant women who receive guidance from the DASH diet ‐ Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension. Pregnant women are advised to follow this diet for a minimum of eight weeks. Pregnant women will soon be captured after the start of prenatal maternity studied and allocated in groups systematically, as the final number of records. Pregnant women whose numbers of records end in odd number, will control group members and even‐numbered, will be members of the intervention group. All pregnant women receive at least six consultations with a nutritionist during the prenatal and be accompanied by the immediate postpartum period. The traditional diet will have the following characteristics ‐ fractionated in 5 to 6 meals a day at regular times. Pregnant women will receive a colorful food newsletter with diet calculated individually containing food substitution list, consisting of food groups (fruits, breads, dairy products, meats, cereals, pulses, vegetable fats and). The food will be divided into food groups of similar energy and nutritional value. Pregnant women are advised to carry out exchanges between foods of the same group. The use of sucrose will be restricted and if the mother chooses the consumption of foods with sucrose, the energy value of it will be counted in the total energy value of the diet. The DASH diet will have the following characteristics ‐ fractionated in 5 to 6 meals a day at regular times. The DASH diet is rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, dairy products with lower lipid content, lower in saturated fat and cholesterol, low in refined flours and sugar. The sodium intake will be limited to 2400mg per day, discouraged foods high in sodi CONDITION: C13.703.395 C13.703.395.124 C13.703.395.249 C13.703.420.491 C18.452.394.750 C18.452.394.750.124 C18.452.394.750.149 C18.452.584 C23.888.144.243.926 D09.546.359.448.500 E02.642.249.240 E04.520.252.500 G03.495.710 O00‐O99 Pregnant with type 1 diabetes mellitus$$$ type 2 diabetes mellitus$$$ gestational hypertension$$$ preeclampsia$$$ eclampsia$$$ excessive weight gain$$$ loss of glycemic control$$$ hyperlipidemia$$$ oxidative stress$$$ dietary intake$$$ macrossomia$$$ neonatal intercurrences (hypoglycemia$$$ jaundice)$$$ prematurity$$$ caesarean section $$$ C18.452.394.750 $$$ C13.703.395.249 $$$ C13.703.395 $$$ C13.703.395.124 $$$ C23.888.144.243.926 $$$ D09.546.359.448.500 $$$ C18.452.584 $$$ G03.495.710 $$$ E02.642.249.240 $$$ E04.520.252.500 $$$ C13.703.420.491 $$$ C18.452.394.750.124 $$$ C18.452.394.750.149 PRIMARY OUTCOME: For the diagnosis of syndromes Hypertensive Pregnancy, will be investigated ‐ gestational hypertension when blood pressure is greater than or equal to 140/90 mmHg without proteinuria, which occurs after the 20th week of gestation$$$ preeclampsia ‐ Gradual development of hypertension and proteinuria ‐excreção of 0.3 g or more protein in urine 24 hours$$$ eclampsia ‐ presence of seizures in women with hypertensive frame, not caused by epilepsy or other seizure disorder Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy $$$ Gestational anemia will be determined by the concentration of hemoglobin and when it is less than 11g / dL is considered anemia. $$$ Lack of vitamin A will be assessed by the indicator gestational night blindness, diagnosed with the implementation of standardized interview during pregnancy. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Pregnant adults, diagnosis of diabetes mellitus ( types 1 and 2 ) of singleton pregnancy$$$ non‐smokers and non‐users of alcohol. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Inadequacy of gestational weight gain entirely when above or below recommended for pre‐pregnancy body mass index. It will be assessed the total weight gain during pregnancy, calculated as the difference between the pre‐birth weight and pre‐pregnancy weight. $$$ Inadequate dietary intake of energy, macronutrients and micronutrients ‐ will be compared to the consumption before the intervention and after the intervention and each trimester of pregnancy and compared with the intake recommendations for pregnant women. Consumption will be ranked below the recommended level or above recommendation. $$$ The other co‐morbidities during pregnancy, childbirth or the postpartum period, such as urinary tract infection, premature rupture of membranes, oligohydramnios or polyhydramnios will be identified in medical records in order. $$$ The loss of glycemic control will be investigated in all quarters, according to maternal fasting glucose and postprandial glucose (1 hour). The loss of glycemic control will be identified when the fasting blood glucose is greater than or equal to 95mg / dL and postprandial 2 hours after the start of the meal is greater than or equal to 140mg / dL. $$$ The lipid profile and oxidative stress markers will be evaluated every 8 weeks after the start of the intervention (baseline). To evaluate the lipid profile will be analyzed total cholesterol parameters, HDL cholesterol and triglycerides, LDL cholesterol and VLDL. The assessed oxidative stress markers will be ‐ Total glutathione, total antioxidant capacity (TAC), plasma nitrite, MDA‐TBARS (malondialdehyde). $$$ The macrosomia will be identified by the higher birth weight or equal to 4000g. Premature birth is considered when delivery occurs before the 37th. week of pregnancy. Neonatal complications, congenital malformations and cesarean delivery will be identified in medical records. $$$ Inadequate weight gain$$$ inadequate dietary intake of energy, macronutrients and micronutrients$$$ anemia$$$ vitamin A deficiency$$$ gestational intercurrences$$$ loss of glycemic control$$$ hyperlipidemia$$$ oxidative stress$$$ macrosomia$$$ prematurity$$$ neonatal intercurrences$$$ congenital malformations and cesarean delivery.
Higher vegetable protein consumption, assessed by an isoenergetic macronutrient exchange model, is associated with a lower presence of overweight and obesity in the web-based Food4me European study$$$ The objective was to evaluate differences in macronutrient intake and to investigate the possible association between consumption of vegetable protein and the risk of overweight/obesity, within the Food4Me randomised, online intervention. Differences in macronutrient consumption among the participating countries grouped by EU Regions (Western Europe, British Isles, Eastern Europe and Southern Europe) were assessed. Relation of protein intake, within isoenergetic exchange patterns, from vegetable or animal sources with risk of overweight/obesity was assessed through the multivariate nutrient density model and a multivariate‐adjusted logistic regression. A total of 2413 subjects who completed the Food4Me screening were included, with self‐reported data on age, weight, height, physical activity and dietary intake. As success rates on reducing overweight/obesity are very low, form a public health perspective, the elaboration of policies for increasing intakes of vegetable protein and reducing animal protein and sugars, may be a method of combating overweight/obesity at a population level.
Bio-inductive effects of inorganic elements on skin wound healing$$$ OBJECTIVE: To explore the bio‐inductive effects of inorganic elements (Dermlin) on the human epithelial proliferation and differentiation and their promoting effects on skin wound healing. METHODS: 1 ). Cellular test: Normal human skin epithelial cells were cultured with 20 g/L Dermlin supplemented culture medium (E group) and regular culture medium (C group), respectively. The cell proliferation rate and the expressions of type IV collagen and epidermal growth factor (EGF) in the supernatant were determined in 12 and 20 post culture days (PCD). (2). Animal test: Self‐consubstantiality control was employed in the study. Sixty Sprague ‐ Dawley rats were inflicted with two symmetric 10% TBSA of superficial or deep partial thickness scald on the back of each rat, and were divided into control[ C, with topical application of silver sulfadiazine (SD ‐ Ag) cream to the wounds] and treatment (T, with 1 g/100 cm2 Dermlin topical application to the wounds) groups. The pathological changes in wound skin were observed and the wound healing rate was calculated on 3, 5, 7, 10, 14 and 18 post treatment day (PTD). (3). Randomized, double‐blinded and consubstantiality control method was employed in the clinical trial. Ninety patients were enrolled in the clinical study, among them 30 cases with 60 donor site wounds, 30 with 60 superficial and 30 with 60 deep partial thickness burn wounds were included. Dermlin in dose of 1 g/100 cm2 was applied to the wounds in T group and SD ‐ Ag cream in C group for up to 18 days. Furthermore, sixty patients with diabetic foot ulcers were included for 1 g/100 cm2 Dermlin treatment. The wound healing rate was observed. And the blood and urine test and the indices of hepatic and renal function were determined. RESULTS: 1). Cellular test: The cell proliferation rate and the expression of type IV collagen and EGF in the culture supernatant were obviously higher than those in control group at the same time points (P < 0.01). 2). Animal test: Hyperplastic granulation tissue occurred in the rat wound in the T group since 5 PTD, while that occurred in the C group since 7 PTD. The healing rate of superficial thickness wound in T group on 7, 10, 14 PTD, and that of deep partial thickness wound in T group on 5, 10, 18 PTD were obviously higher than that in the C group (P <0.05). 3). Clinical study indicated that the wound healing rate of the patients with superficial or deep partial thickness scald in the T group was evidently higher than that in the C group on 5 and 10 PTD (P <0.05), but the wound healing time of the superficial, deep partial thickness wound and donor site wound in the T group was significantly shorter than that in the C group (P < 0.05). Before treatment, the square of the ulcers on the foot of the patients with diabetic was (39 +/‐ 28) cm2, and it was reduced to (19 +/‐ 23) cm2 2 weeks later, with the therapeutic efficacy reaching 62.5% . For all patients, no obvious change was found in the blood test and hepatic and renal function indices. CONCLUSION: The inorganic element (Dermlin) is beneficial to wound healing and to the proliferation and differentiation of epithelial cells.
Long-term intake of soy protein improves blood lipid profiles and increases mononuclear cell low-density-lipoprotein receptor messenger RNA in hypercholesterolemic, postmenopausal women$$$ The long‐term clinical effects of soy protein containing various amounts of isoflavones on lipoproteins, mononuclear cell LDL receptor messenger RNA concentrations, and other selected cardiovascular risk factors are not well known. Sixty‐six hypercholesterolemic, free‐living, postmenopausal women were investigated during a 6‐mo parallel‐group, double‐blind trial with 3 interventions. After a control period of 14 d, all subjects were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 dietary groups (all with 40 g protein): a National Cholesterol Education Program (NCEP) Step 1 diet with protein from casein and nonfat dry milk (control), an NCEP Step 1 diet with protein from isolated soy protein containing moderate amounts of isoflavones (ISP56), or an NCEP Step 1 diet with protein from isolated soy protein containing high amounts of isoflavones (ISP90). Non‐HDL cholesterol in both the ISP56 and ISP90 groups was reduced compared with the control group (P < 0.05), whereas total cholesterol was not changed. HDL cholesterol increased in both the ISP56 and ISP90 groups (P < 0.05), whereas the ratio of total to HDL cholesterol decreased significantly in both groups compared with the control (P < 0.05). Mononuclear cell LDL receptor messenger RNA concentrations increased in subjects consuming ISP56 or ISP90 compared with the control (P < 0.05). These results indicate that soy protein, with different amounts of isoflavones, may decrease the risk of cardiovascular disease via improved blood lipid profiles, and that the mechanism by which apolipoprotein B‐containing lipoproteins were depressed may be via alterations in LDL receptor quantity or activity.
Low intestinal cholesterol absorption is associated with a reduced efficacy of phytosterol esters as hypolipemic agents in patients with metabolic syndrome$$$ BACKGROUND & AIMS: Phytosterols (PS) lower LDLc, but their effect on metabolic syndrome (MetS) remains unknown. We evaluated whether low‐fat milk enriched with PS improves cardiovascular risk factors in these patients. METHODS: A randomised parallel trial employing 24 moderate‐hypercholesterolaemic MetS patients and consisting of two 3‐month intervention phases. After a 3‐month healthy diet, patients were divided into two intervention groups: diet (n = 10) and diet + PS (n = 14) (2 g/day). A control group of 24 moderate‐hypercholesterolaemic patients without MetS (matched in age and BMI) underwent the same procedure. RESULTS: Neither dietary intervention nor enrichment of PS induced any improvement in the serum lipoprotein profile of MetS patients. By contrast, in the non‐MetS population, a healthy diet effectively reduced TC, LDLc, non‐HDLc and Apo B‐100, with further decreases in TC (6.9%), LDLc (10.5%), non‐HDLc (10.3%), Apo B‐100 (6.2%) and Apo B‐100/ApoA‐I ratio (11.6%) being observed when PS were administered. No differences in LDL diameter, hsCRP or homocysteine were detected in any of the groups after consuming PS. This supplementation produced a significant increase in PS levels only in the non‐MetS population. CONCLUSIONS: PS therapy appears to be of little value to MetS patients, likely due to its reduced intestinal cholesterol absorption. The efficacy of PS as hypocholesterolaemic agents is thus limited.
Prevention of postoperative hyperglycemia using isomaltulose-based enteral formula: a pilot randomized trial$$$ Introduction: Preventing harmful hyperglycemia is important in critical illness. However, insulin therapy increases the risk of hypoglycemia. In patients with diabetes, isomaltulose‐based enteral formula (IF) feeding has been shown to reduce glycemia. We reported IF feeding for 16 hours could be prevent postoperative hyperglycemia compared with standard feeding formula (SF). However, there was no information for the effect of long term IF feeding in postoperative critically ill patients. Hypothesis: We hypothesized that IF feeing could be reduce maximum glucose value without any incidence of hypoglycemia (<80 mg/dL) for postoperative 7days. Methods: In this randomized controlled trial, patients who required intensive care more than 8 days after esophagectomy were included. Patients were randomized to either the IF or SF arm. Feeding jejunostomy was placed during surgery in all candidates. Enteral feeding with SF was administered according to feeding protocol and fixed at 100% of basal energy expenditure calculated by the Harris‐Benedict formula. Patients with liver failure (defined as bilirubin level 1.2 mg/dL), kidney failure (creatinine level 1.2 mg/dL), or with contraindication to IF or SF were excluded. Blood glucose levels was measured every 6 hourly of 7day of feeding period. Primary outcomes were maximum blood glucose values during 7 days. Secondary outcomes were minimum, average glycemia and glycemic variability during 7 days. Results: Maximum blood glucose concentration was 161 mg/dL with IF, significantly lower than the 181 mg/dL with SF (P = 0.03). Glycemic variability was 11.6 mg/dL with IF, significantly lower than the 15.2 mg/dL with SF (P = 0.01). The This effect was seen without any risk of hypoglycemia and complication. Minimum and mean glycemia during feeding periods was no significant difference between IF and SF feeding (mean 148 vs. 159 mg/dL (P = 0.13), minimum 121 vs. 127 mg/dL (P = 0.41). This effect was seen without any risk of hypoglycemia and complication. Conclusions: Isomaltulose‐based enteral formula might be useful for safer glyce‐mic control in postoperative critically ill patients. Further study to determine clinical benefit of IF feeding is justified.
A phase III, randomized, open label study to evaluate the safety and efficacy of imiquimod 5% cream applied thrice weekly for 8 and 12 weeks in the treatment of low-risk nodular basal cell carcinoma$$$ OBJECTIVE: The present study was planned to evaluate the efficacy and tolerability of topical treatment with imiquimod in nodular basal cell carcinoma (nBCC). METHODS: One hundred two patients were randomized to receive thrice‐weekly topical imiquimod for either 8 or 12 weeks. Twelve patients dropped out. A total of 90 patients were evaluated for tolerability and efficacy. Histologic clearance was controlled by excising the original tumor location with 3‐mm margins and evaluating with permanent sections the cut‐surgical margin, including the deep margin, and with serial step‐sectioning the central portion of the tissue for tumor persistence. RESULTS: There were no significant differences between the treatment arms with respect to efficacy and tolerability. Of 90 evaluable patients, 70 had a complete clinical clearance (78%). Clinically visible tumor was still present in 20 patients (22%). A complete histopathological clearance was observed in 58 patients (64%). Tumor persisted in 32 patients (36%). In 12 patients, despite complete clinical clearance, tumor remnants were still detected in histopathological evaluation. Efficacy was better in nBCC that was less than 1 cm in diameter, showing 82% clinical and 72% histopathologic clearing. Adverse events were reported in 92% of the patients and were mainly classified as minor or moderate local inflammation. LIMITATIONS: Clinical follow‐up was limited to the time period between end of treatment and final complete excision. CONCLUSION: Imiquimod applied thrice weekly for 8 and 12 weeks shows modest activity against small nBCC. Residual tumor was present in more than one third of treated patients. Clinical appearance after treatment does not accurately reflect the presence or absence of disease in nearly 1 of every 5 patients with nBCC. Since 17% of patients with clinical clearance still have pathologic evidence of disease, excisional biopsy of the treated site is still indicated.
Efficacy of imiquimod for the expression of Bcl-2, Ki67, p53 and basal cell carcinoma apoptosis$$$ BACKGROUND: Imiquimod is a modifier of the immune response that has been proven to be an effective treatment for basal cell carcinoma (BCC). However, its mechanism of action is still unknown. OBJECTIVES: To determine whether imiquimod modifies the expression of proteins such as Bcl‐2, Ki67, p53 and the BCC apoptotic index. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Thirty caucasian patients with primary BCCs larger than 8 mm in diameter were included in a double‐blind randomized clinical and immunohistochemical study which was designed in a reference university hospital. The 30 BCCs were randomized in two treatment arms between September 2001 and February 2002. Twenty‐four BCCs were treated with imiquimod 5% cream and six BCCs with Aldara (3M Pharmaceuticals) excipient. Histological samples were obtained before treatment and on days 8 and 15 during the course of treatment. The BCC expression of Bcl‐2, Ki67 and p53 was determined in paraffin samples and the apoptotic index of the BCC was studied using the TUNEL technique (terminal deoxynucleotidyl transferase‐mediated deoxyuridine triphosphate biotin nick end labelling) in frozen samples. All variables were evaluated quantitatively in fields with a magnification x 400. RESULTS: The BCCs treated with imiquimod showed a decrease in the expression of Bcl‐2 (88.7% before treatment, 61.4% day 15, P = 0.01) and an increase in the apoptotic index (0.53% before treatment, 1.66% day 15, P = 0.002), which were not observed in the BCCs treated with the excipient. Ki67 and p53 did not show significant changes in any group. CONCLUSIONS: Imiquimod reduces the expression of Bcl‐2 in the BCC cells and increases the BCC apoptotic index.
Therapeutic response of basal cell carcinoma to the immune response modifier imiquimod 5% cream$$$ BACKGROUND: Basal cell carcinoma (BCC) responds to interferon therapy. Imiquimod is a cytokine and interferon inducer. OBJECTIVE: This randomized, double‐blind pilot trial evaluated the safety and efficacy of imiquimod 5% cream versus vehicle in the treatment of BCC. METHODS: In this population of 35 patients with BCC, 24 received imiquimod 5% cream and 11 received vehicle cream in 1 of 5 dosing regimens for up to 16 weeks. Six weeks after treatment, an excisional biopsy of the target site was performed. RESULTS: BCC cleared (on the basis of histologic examination) in all 15 patients (100%) dosed twice daily, once daily, and 3 times weekly$$$ in 3 of 5 (60%) patients dosed twice weekly$$$ 2 of 4 (50%) dosed once weekly$$$ and in 1 of 11 (9%) treated with vehicle. Adverse events were predominantly local reactions at the target tumor site, with the incidence and severity of local skin reactions declining in groups dosed less frequently. CONCLUSION: Imiquimod 5% cream shows clinical efficacy in the treatment of BCC.
A randomized, open, controlled trial of tretinoin 0.05% cream vs. low-dose oral isotretinoin for the treatment of field cancerization$$$ Background: Sun exposure may lead to actinic keratoses (AKs), field cancerization, and skin cancer. Effective treatment of AKs and field cancerization is important. Oral and topical retinoids can be used for this purpose. To compare clinical, histological, and immunohistochemical effects of oral and topical retinoid for AKs and field cancerization on face and upper limbs of immunocompetent patients, as well as the impact on quality of life, safety, and tolerability. Methods: This study compared 10 mg/day oral isotretinoin (ISO) to 0.05% tretinoin cream (TRE) every other night, associated with sunscreen (SPF 60). Patients of both genders, aged 50–75 years, underwent cryotherapy with liquid nitrogen for AKs at baseline and after 120 days when they were randomized into two groups, TRE (n = 31) and ISO (n = 30), for 6 months. Outcome measures were: number of AKs, histological (thickness of stratum corneum and epithelium) and immunohistochemical parameters (p53, Bcl‐2 and Bax), dermatology life quality index (DLQI), and adverse events. Results: Both treatments reduced the number of AKs (around 28%), the thickness of stratum corneum, and expression of p53 and Bax. By contrast, the epithelium thickness and Bcl‐2 expression increased. There was no difference in the outcomes between TRE and ISO. Both treatments improved quality of life and were well tolerated with minimal side effects. Conclusions: Retinoids are effective and safe for field cancerization. Classical treatments for field cancerization (imiquimod and ingenol mebutate) are used for a short period$$$ retinoids may be a good choice to intercalate with them and can be used continuously.
Topical diltiazem before transrectal ultrasonography-guided biopsy of the prostate: a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Injection of local anaesthetic agents around the prostatic nerve bundles during transrectal ultrasonography (TRUS) biopsy of the prostate has shown to reduce the pain associated with the procedure. It has been shown that some of the discomfort associated with the procedure is secondary to spasm of the anal sphincter. Topical diltiazem can relax the anal sphincter. Our aim was to evaluate the use of topical diltiazem cream as an adjunct to periprostatic nerve block in reducing pain associated with TRUS‐guided prostatic biopsy. METHOD: Between September 2009 and September 2010, 114 patients were enrolled in the trial (from two centres). Patients undergoing TRUS biopsy of prostate were randomized into diltiazem and placebo groups. Patients were asked to fill out a questionnaire at the end of the procedure. The questionnaire enquired about discomfort associated with various parts of the procedure using a 10‐cm visual analogue scale (VAS). RESULTS: For discomfort due to the presence of the probe, pain during the biopsy and overall pain prior to leaving the department, mean VAS was higher for the placebo group, but the difference was not statistically significant. CONCLUSION: Diltiazem cream has a better side effect profile than glyceryl trinitrate cream and is better tolerated. Although we have demonstrated trends favouring diltiazem use as an adjunct to local anaesthetic in TRUS biopsy of the prostate, this did not reach a statistically significant level. The pain scores associated with TRUS biopsy in our cohort were lower than those in the published literature. This phenomenon might have contributed to the results observed in this trial.
Porphyrin formation in actinic keratosis and basal cell carcinoma after topical application of methyl 5-aminolevulinate$$$ Photodynamic therapy using topical methyl 5‐aminolevulinate (MAL) is a new treatment modality for basal cell carcinoma (BCC) and actinic keratosis (AK). MAL induces endogenous porphyrins, which act as photosensitizers. Pharmacokinetic studies of the porphyrin‐inducing effect of MAL creams (Metvix) applied in different concentrations (16‐160 mg/g) and application times are presented. Surface fluorescence measurements were used to monitor porphyrin accumulation in 18 superficial BCCs and 32 AKs. For both lesion types, the fluorescence increased during the first 13 of 28 hours of continuous MAL application. A 20‐fold site‐to‐site variation was observed, and there were no significant MAL concentration dependencies. The selectivity between lesions and normal skin was 10‐fold during the first hours and decreased throughout the application time. Fluorescence microscopy images of tissue sections from 32 nodular BCCs were analyzed to calculate the porphyrin content in tumor tissue as a function of depth. Significant correlation to MAL concentration was seen within the tumors treated for 3 hours. Increase to 18‐hour MAL application enhanced the fluorescence levels in superficial tumor layers, but not in deep layers. In conclusion, application of the 160 mg/g cream for 3 hours gave advantageous porphyrin distributions for all types of lesions.
Pilot study of imiquimod 5% cream as adjunctive therapy to curettage and electrodesiccation for nodular basal cell carcinoma$$$ BACKGROUND: Curettage and electrodesiccation (C&D) is a widely used method to treat nodular basal cell carcinoma (BCC). However, residual tumor is present immediately after the procedure in approximately 20 to 40% of cases. Imiquimod, a topical immune response modifier that targets Toll‐like receptor 7, is currently approved for superficial BCC. OBJECTIVE: In a double‐blind, vehicle‐controlled study, the administration of imiquimod after C&D was investigated to determine if the combination regimen would reduce the frequency of residual tumor compared with C&D alone in patients with nodular BCC. METHODS: Twenty patients received three cycles of C&D followed by imiquimod 5% or vehicle cream once daily for 1 month as adjunctive therapy. The primary end point was the frequency of residual tumor. The secondary end points included the time to heal and cosmetic appearance. RESULTS: Twenty patients were randomized to the imiquimod (n = 10) or vehicle (n = 10) treatment group. At 8 weeks, the proportion of patients with residual tumor was substantially decreased with imiquimod therapy (10%) compared with vehicle (40%). Wounds in the vehicle group healed more quickly than those in the imiquimod group, although by 8 weeks, all excision sites were healed. The majority of scars in the control group were atrophic and hypopigmented, whereas most scars in the imiquimod group were flat and slightly pink. CONCLUSION: Imiquimod 5% cream once daily for 1 month as adjunctive therapy after C&D substantially reduced the frequency of residual tumor and improved the cosmetic appearance compared with C&D alone. These preliminary results suggest that further studies to investigate imiquimod adjunctive therapy are warranted.
Imiquimod 5% cream for the treatment of superficial basal cell carcinoma: a double-blind, randomized, vehicle-controlled study$$$ BACKGROUND: Imiquimod 5% cream may provide an effective nonsurgical treatment for superficial basal cell carcinoma (sBCC) based on results of previous studies. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this phase II dose‐response study was to explore various dosing regimens using imiquimod 5% cream for sBCC to find the most effective frequency of dosing with tolerable side effects. METHODS: Patients (n = 128) were dosed twice daily, once daily, 5 times a week, or 3 times a week in this 12‐week, randomized, double‐blind, vehicle‐controlled study. At 6 weeks after treatment, the entire tumor area was clinically evaluated, excised, and examined exhaustively for histologic evidence of residual sBCC. RESULTS: Complete response rates were 100% (10/10), 87.1% (27/31), 80.8% (21/26), and 51.7% (15/29) for patients in the twice daily, once daily, 5 times a week, and 3 times a week imiquimod groups, respectively, and 18.8% (6/32) in the vehicle group. CONCLUSION: Imiquimod 5% cream was effective in the treatment of sBCC. Daily or 5 times a week dosing for 12 weeks demonstrated high efficacy results with acceptable safety profiles.
Prophylactic treatment for acneiform rash caused by EGFR inhibitors: prospective randomized double-blind trial comparing daily topical chloramphenicol 3% plus prednisolone 0.5% vs chloramphenicol 3% vs aqua cream$$$ Background: Epidermal growth factor receptor inhibitors (EGFR‐I), which are indicated for various tumor types, are associated with acneiform rash on the face/torso in approximately 90% of patients. This rash adversely impact patients' quality‐of‐life and may result in dose reductions/delays and treatment discontinuation. Methods: This randomized double blind trial investigated chloramphenicol 3% + prednisolone 0.5% (Threolone) vs chloramphenicol 3% vs aqua cream as prophylactic treatment for acneiform rash caused by EGFR‐I. Adult cancer patients treated with EGFR‐I (cetuximab, panitumumab, erlotinib, or gefitinib) were randomized to treatment with the 3 above mentioned options and were instructed to administer the assigned topical treatment to their face daily for 3 weeks and every 2 days for another week. The severity of the rash was assessed using the Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) v4.0 as well as the number of facial lesions. Severe rash was defined as grade≥3 by the CTCAE criteria or ≥10 facial lesions. The rash was assessed on Days 0, 14, and 28. Results: Overall, 69 patients were randomized (21 chloramphenicol 3% + prednisolone 0.5%, 23 chloramphenicol 3%, and 25 aqua cream). The arms were similar with respect to demographics and tumor types. Number of facial lesions and CTCAE grade were highly correlated (r = 0.9). According to the number of facial lesions, chloramphenicol + prednisolone but not chloramphenicol alone was significantly more effective than aqua cream (Table). Conclusions: Topical chloramphenicol 3% + prednisolone 0.5% may be an effective prophylactic treatment for EGFR‐I‐associated acneiform rash. (Table Presented) .
Topical use of recombinant human epidermal growth factor (EGF)-based cream to prevent radiation dermatitis in breast cancer patients: a single-blind randomized preliminary study$$$ Background: The purpose of this study was to assess the effectiveness of a recombinant human epidermal growth factor (EGF)‐based cream for the prevention of acute radiation dermatitis in breast cancer patients receiving radiotherapy (RT). Materials and Methods: Between December 2012 and April 2013, 40 breast cancer patients who received postoperative RT were prospectively enrolled in this study and randomly assigned to receive human recombinant EGF‐based cream (intervention group) or general supportive skin care (control group). The grade of radiation dermatitis and pain score were examined at weekly intervals during RT and 6 weeks after RT completion. Results: All patients completed the planned RT and complied well with instructions for applying the study cream and general supportive skin care. In the intervention group, radiation dermatitis of maximum grade 3, 2, and 1 developed in 3 (15%), 11 (55%), and 6 patients (30%), respectively. In comparison, in the control group, radiation dermatitis of maximum grade 3, 2, and 1 developed in 8 (40%), 10 (50%), and 2 patients (10%), respectively. The intervention group showed lower incidence of grade 3 radiation dermatitis than the control group (p=0.068 in univariate analysis and p=0.035 in multivariate analysis). There was no statistically significant difference in the maximal pain score between the two groups (p=0.934). Conclusions: This single‐blind randomized preliminary study showed that recombinant human EGF‐based cream can have a beneficial role in preventing or minimizing radiation dermatitis in breast cancer patients. To confirm the results of our study, additional studies with a large sample size are required.
Topical treatment of Basal cell carcinomas in nevoid Basal cell carcinoma syndrome with a smoothened inhibitor$$$ Basal cell carcinoma (BCC) is a distinctive manifestation in nevoid basal cell carcinoma syndrome (NBCCS) patients. Both inherited and acquired mutations of patched 1 (PTCH1), a tumor‐suppressor gene controlling the activity of Smoothened (SMO), are the primary cause of the constitutive activation of the Hedgehog (HH) pathway, leading to the emergence of BCCs in NBCCS. LDE225, a distinct, selective antagonist of SMO, showed potent inhibition of basaloid tumor nest formation and mediated regression of preformed basaloid tumors in organ cultures of skin derived from Ptch1 heterozygous knockout mice. In a double‐blind, randomized, vehicle‐controlled, intraindividual study, a total of 8 NBCCS patients presenting 27 BCCs were treated twice daily with 0.75% LDE225 cream or vehicle for 4 weeks. Application of 0.75% LDE225 cream was well tolerated and showed no skin irritation. Of 13 LDE225‐treated BCCs, 3 showed a complete, 9 a partial, and only 1 no clinical response. Except for one partial response, the vehicle produced no clinical response in any of the 14 treated BCCs. Treatment with 0.75% LDE225 cream in NBCCS patients was very well tolerated and caused BCC regression, thus potentially offering an attractive therapeutic alternative to currently available therapies for this indication.JID JOURNAL CLUB ARTICLE: For questions, answers, and open discussion about this article, please go to http://www.nature.com/jid/journalclub.
Three-Year Follow-Up Results of Photodynamic Therapy vs. Imiquimod vs. Fluorouracil for Treatment of Superficial Basal Cell Carcinoma: a Single-Blind, Noninferiority, Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ A randomized controlled trial including 601 patients previously showed that the effectiveness of imiquimod and fluorouracil cream were not inferior to methyl aminolevulinate photodynamic therapy (MAL‐PDT) in patients with superficial basal cell carcinoma after 1 year of follow‐up. We now present the 3‐year follow‐up results. The probability of tumor‐free survival at 3 years post‐treatment was 58.0% for MAL‐PDT (95% confidence interval [CI] = 47.8‐66.9), 79.7% for imiquimod (95% CI = 71.6‐85.7), and 68.2% for fluorouracil (95% CI = 58.1‐76.3). The hazard ratio for treatment failure comparing imiquimod with MAL‐PDT was 0.50 (95% CI = 0.33‐0.76, P = 0.001). Comparison of fluorouracil with MAL‐PDT and fluorouracil with imiquimod showed hazard ratios of 0.73 (95% CI = 0.51‐1.05, P = 0.092) and 0.68 (95% CI = 0.44‐1.06, P = 0.091), respectively. Subgroup analysis showed a higher probability of treatment success for imiquimod versus MAL‐PDT in all subgroups with the exception of elderly patients with superficial basal cell carcinoma on the lower extremities. In this subgroup, the risk difference in tumor‐free survival was 57.6% in favor of MAL‐PDT. In conclusion, according to results at 3 years post‐treatment, imiquimod is superior and fluorouracil not inferior to MAL‐PDT in treatment of superficial basal cell carcinoma.
A randomized trial comparing methyl aminolaevulinate photodynamic therapy with and without Er: YAG ablative fractional laser treatment in Asian patients with lower extremity Bowen disease: results from a 12-month follow-up$$$ BACKGROUND: Methyl aminolaevulinate photodynamic therapy (MAL‐PDT) is an effective treatment for Bowen disease (BD) of the lower extremities. Er:YAG (erbium:yttrium‐aluminium‐garnet) ablative fractional laser (AFL) treatment removes the stratum corneum to increase MAL uptake and may improve efficacy. However, no studies have directly compared the efficacy of MAL‐PDT with and without Er:YAG AFL therapy in treating BD of the lower extremities in Asians. OBJECTIVES: To compare the efficacy, recurrence rate, cosmetic outcomes and safety between Er:YAG AFL‐assisted MAL‐PDT (Er:YAG AFL‐PDT) and standard MAL‐PDT. METHODS: Twenty‐one patients with a total of 58 BD lesions randomly received either one session of Er:YAG AFL‐PDT or two sessions of MAL‐PDT in two symmetrical areas. Er:YAG AFL therapy was performed with 550‐600 μm ablation depth, level 1 coagulation, 22% treatment density and a single pulse. MAL cream was then applied under occlusion for 3 h and illuminated with a red light‐emitting diode lamp at 37 J cm(‐2) . A second session of MAL‐PDT was administered 7 days later. Overall response rate, recurrence rate, cosmetic outcomes and safety were assessed at 1 week, 3 and 12 months after treatment. RESULTS: After 3 months, Er:YAG AFL‐PDT was significantly more effective (93.8%) than MAL‐PDT (73.1%$$$ P = 0.031), and the recurrence rate was significantly lower for Er:YAG AFL‐PDT (6.7%) than MAL‐PDT (31.6%) at 12 months (P = 0.022). No significant difference was found between Er:YAG AFL‐PDT and MAL‐PDT in terms of cosmetic outcomes or safety. CONCLUSIONS: Er:YAG AFL‐PDT showed significantly higher efficacy and lower recurrence rate than did standard MAL‐PDT for treating lower extremity BD in an Asian population.
Imiquimod 5% cream as adjunctive therapy for primary, solitary, nodular nasal basal cell carcinomas before Mohs micrographic surgery: a randomized, double blind, vehicle-controlled study$$$ BACKGROUND: Imiquimod 5% cream is currently approved for treatment of nonfacial, superficial basal cell carcinomas (BCCs). Topical imiquimod might be a reasonable candidate for adjunctive therapy of nodular, nasal BCCs before Mohs surgery. OBJECTIVE: To observe the effectiveness of imiquimod 5% cream in reducing the number of Mohs stages, defect size, cost of Mohs surgery, and reconstruction. METHODS: Patients applied the study medication nightly for 6 weeks with occlusion followed by a 4‐week rest period before Mohs surgery was performed. RESULTS: No differences were demonstrated in the number of Mohs stages, defect sizes, or costs between the two groups, possibly because of our small sample size. Only five of 12 patients (42%) in the treatment group were found histologically clear of tumor (complete responders). CONCLUSION: Imiquimod 5% cream was not helpful as an adjunctive treatment of nodular, nasal BCCs before Mohs surgery, but a larger study might show a benefit. Clearance of nodular, nasal BCCs treated with imiquimod prior to Mohs surgery was less than described in previous studies. Nasal BCCs may be more resistant to imiquimod treatment. Local inflammatory reactions limit imiquimod's usefulness in this setting. Histologic assessment of nasal BCCs treated with imiquimod is recommended.
5% imiquimod cream and reflectance-mode confocal microscopy as adjunct modalities to Mohs micrographic surgery for treatment of basal cell carcinoma$$$ BACKGROUND: Imiquimod is an immune response modifier that up‐regulates cytokines and has been shown in clinical studies to reduce or clear basal cell carcinoma tumors when applied topically. OBJECTIVE: The objectives were to evaluate the efficacy of 5% imiquimod cream in treating basal cell carcinoma preceding excision by Mohs micrographic surgery and to determine if reflectance‐mode confocal microscopy is useful to establish the need for surgical intervention after imiquimod treatment. METHODS: Subjects applied study cream to one biopsy‐confirmed basal cell carcinoma tumor 5 x/week for 2, 4, or 6 weeks in this vehicle‐controlled, double‐blind study. Confocal microscopy was used for the 6‐week treatment group to examine the target tumor area at each interval visit and immediately before Mohs micrographic surgery. After the Mohs micrographic surgery excision, the tissue was evaluated histologically, and the excision area was measured. Confocal microscopy readings were correlated to the histologic diagnosis. RESULTS: Tumors cleared or the target tumor area was reduced in subjects in the 4‐ and 6‐week dosing regimens. Confocal microscopy assessments correlated well with the histologic diagnosis. CONCLUSION: Imiquimod improved excision results relative to vehicle when used for treating basal cell carcinoma before Mohs micrographic surgery. Confocal microscopy assessments correlated well with tumor response to therapy, suggesting that confocal microscopy may help determine the need for surgery.
Prophylactic topical 5-fluorouracil following treatment of human papillomavirus-associated lesions of the vulva and vagina$$$ Ninety patients were studied in a controlled, randomized fashion to evaluate the effectiveness of topical 5‐fluorouracil in reducing the recurrence rate of human papillomavirus‐associated lesions of the vulva and vagina. Following complete ablation of the lesions by one or more treatment modalities, 45 patients applied a single dose of 5% 5‐fluorouracil cream biweekly to the vagina and/or vulva for at least six months. Forty‐five patients used no prophylactic 5‐fluorouracil cream. Patients in both groups were comparable with regard to race, age, and immune status, as well as the number, location, duration, clinical appearance, histology, and prior treatment of the lesions. Six patients (13%) with 5‐fluorouracil prophylaxis and 17 (38%) without additional treatment (P less than .01) developed recurrent lesions during a follow‐up time of nine to 22 months (mean = 14.4 months). Maintenance therapy with 5‐fluorouracil was most effective in women with multiple lesions, multiple organ involvement, or with a depressed immune system.
Efficacy of topical 5% imiquimod cream for the treatment of nodular basal cell carcinoma: comparison of dosing regimens$$$ OBJECTIVE: To establish a safe and efficacious dosing regimen for the treatment of primary nodular basal cell carcinoma (BCC) using 5% imiquimod cream. DESIGN: Two phase 2 studies were conducted: a 6‐week, randomized, open‐label, dose‐response study evaluating 4 dosing regimens and a 12‐week, randomized, vehicle‐controlled, double‐blind, dose‐response study evaluating 4 dosing regimens. SETTING: Twenty‐four public and private dermatology clinics in Australia and New Zealand (6‐week study) and the United States (12‐week study) participated. PATIENTS: The study populations comprised 99 patients enrolled in the 6‐week study and 92 patients in the 12‐week study. Patients were at least 18 years old and had a biopsy‐confirmed diagnosis of nodular BCC. INTERVENTIONS: In the 6‐week study, imiquimod was applied once daily for 3 or 7 days per week or twice daily for 3 or 7 days per week. In the 12‐week study, imiquimod or placebo cream (vehicle) was applied once daily for 3, 5, or 7 days per week, or twice daily for 7 days per week. The entire tumor area was excised 6 weeks after treatment and examined histologically for evidence of remaining BCC. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: The proportion of patients having no histologic evidence of BCC in the posttreatment excision specimen. RESULTS: Dosing once daily for 7 days per week resulted in the highest clearance rate, with 25 (71%) of 35 and 16 (76%) of 21 patients showing clearance of their tumor in the 6‐ and 12‐week studies, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Topical 5% imiquimod cream is well tolerated and most effective in treating nodular BCC when applied once daily for 7 days per week for either 12 or 6 weeks.
Mapisal Versus Urea Cream as Prophylaxis for Capecitabine-Associated Hand-Foot Syndrome: a Randomized Phase III Trial of the AIO Quality of Life Working Group$$$ Purpose: Hand‐foot syndrome (HFS) is a frequently occurring adverse event associated with anticancer drugs. This study compares a newly introduced ointment containing several antioxidants and exhibiting high radical protection factor, which has been available on the German market since 2011, with urea cream for prevention of HFS in patients treated with capecitabine. Patients and Methods: Patients with GI tumors or breast cancer treated with capecitabine were included in this randomized phase III study. The primary end point was prevention of HFS of any grade within 6 weeks of treatment as indicated by a standardized patient diary. The study had 80% power to show a 20% reduction of the incidence of HFS with the new ointment. Secondary end points included time to development of HFS greater than grade 1, evaluation of capecitabine dose intensity, and quality of life analyses. Results: A total of 152 patients were evaluable. In total, 47 of 152 patients experienced HFS (30.9%), 39.5% with the new ointment and 22.4% in the urea arm (stratified odds ratio, 2.37$$$ P = .02). Time to HFS greater than grade 1 was comparable, but time to any‐grade HFS was significantly longer in the urea group (P = .03). Capecitabine dose intensity, time under study, and percentage of days with correct administration of study medication were identical, as were adverse events except for HFS. Skin‐related quality of life was significantly worse in the group treated with the new ointment at the end of study treatment. Conclusion: This trial demonstrated that 10% urea cream was superior to the new ointment at preventing HFS over the first 6 weeks of treatment with capecitabine.
Photodynamic therapy using topical methyl aminolevulinate vs surgery for nodular basal cell carcinoma: results of a multicenter randomized prospective trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Photodynamic therapy (PDT) is increasingly used as a noninvasive treatment for nodular basal cell carcinoma (BCC), without a sound evidence base. OBJECTIVE: To compare topical PDT, with the use of the sensitizer methyl aminolevulinate, and standard excision surgery in nodular BCC. DESIGN: Prospective, randomized study. SETTING: University dermatology departments. PATIENTS: A total of 101 adults with previously untreated nodular BCC. INTERVENTIONS: Patients received methyl aminolevulinate PDT (n = 52) or surgery (n = 49). The PDT was given twice, 7 days apart, with methyl aminolevulinate cream (160 mg/g) and 75 J/cm(2) red light (570‐670 nm). Thirteen patients with a noncomplete response to PDT at 3 months (24% lesions) were retreated. OUTCOME MEASURES: Primary end point was clinically assessed lesion clearance at 3 months after treatment. Secondary end points were sustained response rate at 12 months and cosmetic outcome at 3 and 12 months. Cosmesis and lesion recurrence were further assessed at 24 months. RESULTS: Data from 97 patients (105 lesions) were included in the 3‐month per‐protocol analysis. Complete response rates did not differ significantly between groups (51/52 [98%] lesions with surgery vs 48/53 [91%] lesions with methyl aminolevulinate PDT$$$ difference [95% confidence interval], 4.8% (‐3.4% to 13.0%]$$$ P =.25). At 12 months, tumor‐free rates were 50 (96%) of 52 lesions with surgery vs 44 (83%) of 53 with methyl aminolevulinate PDT (P =.15). More patients treated with methyl aminolevulinate PDT than surgery had an excellent or good cosmetic outcome at all time points (significant at 12 and 24 months on patient assessment, P<.05, and at 3, 12, and 24 months on investigator evaluation, P<.001). At 24 months, 5 lesions that had initially cleared with methyl aminolevulinate PDT had recurred, compared with 1 after surgery. CONCLUSIONS: Methyl aminolevulinate PDT is an effective treatment for nodular BCC, and while there is a trend for higher recurrence with this modality, it conveys the advantage over surgery of better cosmesis.
Evaluation of superficial basal cell carcinomas after treatment with imiquimod 5% cream or vehicle for apoptosis and lymphocyte phenotyping$$$ OBJECTIVE: To characterize the immune response and the apoptotic pathways that result in regression of imiquimod‐treated basal cell carcinomas (BCCs). METHODS: The trial was conducted as an open‐label, matched controlled, nonrandomized study. Twelve patients were assigned as either active‐treatment patients or matched control subjects. After treatment, lesions were excised and stained for CD20, CD3, CD4, CD56, bcl‐2, bax, caspase‐3, and p53. Additionally, a DNA fragmentation assay was performed using the terminal deoxynucleotidyltransferase‐mediated dUTP nick‐end‐labeling method. RESULTS: All vehicle‐treated BCCs (six of six) had residual tumor compared with four of six imiquimod‐treated BCCs. A dense mononuclear infiltrate surrounded all of the imiquimod‐treated tumors and only one of six vehicle‐treated BCCs. Staining for CD20, CD3, and CD4 revealed that the infiltrate consisted primarily of T‐helper lymphocytes$$$ however, a significant portion of the cells stained positively for CD56, indicating the presence of natural killer cells. Imiquimod‐treated BCCs stained more strongly for caspase‐3 and to a lesser degree p53 as compared with vehicle‐treated BCCs. No differences were seen in either bax or bcl‐2 staining. Minimal apoptosis was seen with the terminal deoxynucleotidyltransferase‐mediated dUTP nick‐end‐labeling assay in either group. CONCLUSION: This study provides evidence that imiquimod's antitumorigenic effects are mediated via up regulation of local interferon‐alpha levels and supports previous work, suggesting that increased natural killer cell activity may be an important factors explaining both spontaneous regression and IFN‐alpha induced regression of BCC.
Imiquimod 5% cream in the treatment of superficial basal cell carcinoma: results of a multicenter 6-week dose-response trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Superficial basal cell carcinoma (sBCC) is an increasingly common tumor in fair‐skinned populations throughout the world. Imiquimod, an immune response modifier that induces cytokines including interferons, has been shown in preliminary studies to have an effect when applied topically to BCC. OBJECTIVE: We conducted a multicenter, randomized, open‐label dose‐response trial of imiquimod 5% cream in the treatment of primary sBCC assessing efficacy and safety of different dose regimens. METHODS: Ninety‐nine patients were randomized to 6 weeks' application of imiquimod in 1 of 4 treatment regimens: twice every day, once every day, twice daily 3 times/week, once daily 3 times/week. The treatment site was excised and examined histologically 6 weeks after cessation of imiquimod. RESULTS: Intention‐to‐treat analysis revealed 100% (3/3) histologic clearance in the twice‐daily regimen, 87.9% (29/33) clearance in the once every day regimen, 73.3% (22/30) clearance in the twice‐daily 3 times/week regimen, and 69.7% (23/33) clearance in the once‐daily 3 times/week regimen. Dose‐related inflammatory skin reactions at the site of application were common. The majority were well tolerated and only 1 patient withdrew from the trial as a result of a medication‐related skin reaction. CONCLUSION: Imiquimod 5% cream appears to have potential as a patient‐administered treatment option in sBCC.
The Fitzpatrick skin type scale: a reliability and validity study in women undergoing radiation therapy for breast cancer$$$ OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to evaluate the internal consistency reliability and construct validity of the Fitzpatrick Skin Type Scale during radiation therapy in a cohort of women receiving treatment for breast cancer. METHOD: The assessment of the scale was performed as a nested study within a randomised controlled trial of two creams used for radiation therapy skin care for breast cancer patients. The sample consisted of 244 female patients undergoing radiation therapy for breast cancer. Participants completed a modified version of the Fitzpatrick Skin Type Scale. RESULTS: Internal consistency as measured by Cronbach's alpha was 0.505, 0.829 and 0.339 for the Genetic Disposition, Sun Exposure and Tanning Habits subscales respectively. Only the Sun Exposure subscale surpassed the 0.70 cut‐off, indicating good internal consistency. Maximum likelihood factor analysis with promax rotation method confirmed the a priori factor structure for the Sun Exposure subscale as well as providing evidence of construct validity for this subscale. Analysis for the other two subscales highlighted issues with internal reliability and construct validity suggesting that not all items on each subscale truly measure the intended trait. CONCLUSION: The study findings support reliability and validity of the Sun Exposure subscale of the Fitzpatrick Skin Type Scale in a convenience sample of women receiving radiation therapy for cancer. Despite limitations with two of the three subscales, this tool continues to be used in clinical practice.
A phase 2a study of topical perillyl alcohol cream for chemoprevention of skin cancer$$$ The chemopreventive and antitumor properties of perillyl alcohol (POH) that were studied preclinically indicate that topical POH inhibits both UVB‐induced murine skin carcinogenesis (squamous cell tumor models) and 7,12‐dimethylbenz(a)anthracene‐induced murine melanoma (transgenic models involving tyrosinase‐driven Ras). A previous phase 1 clinical trial in participants with normal‐appearing skin showed that topical POH cream was well tolerated at a dose of 0.76% (w/w). Here, we performed a 3‐month, double‐blind, randomized, placebo‐controlled phase 2a trial of two different doses of topical POH in individuals with sun‐damaged skin. Participants applied POH cream twice daily to each dorsal forearm. Baseline and end‐of‐study biopsies were taken from each participant to evaluate whether the topical application of POH was effective in reversing actinic damage as evidenced by normalization of quantitative skin histopathologic scores and change in nuclear chromatin pattern as measured by karyometric analysis. There was a borderline reduction in the histopathologic score of the lower‐dose POH group compared with the placebo (P = 0.1), but this was not observed in the high‐dose group. However, in the high‐dose group, a statistically significant reduction in the proportion of nuclei deviating from normal was observed by the use of karyometric analysis (P < 0.01). There was no statistical significance shown in the lower‐dose group. No changes were observed in p53 expression, cellular proliferation (by proliferating cell nuclear antigen expression), or apoptosis in either treatment group compared with the placebo group. These results suggest that whereas our karyometric analyses can detect a modest effect of POH in sun‐damaged skin, improved delivery into the epidermis may be necessary.
Three-Year Follow-Up Results of Photodynamic Therapy vs. Imiquimod vs. Fluorouracil for Treatment of Superficial Basal Cell Carcinoma: a Single-Blind, Noninferiority, Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ A randomized controlled trial including 601 patients previously showed that the effectiveness of imiquimod and fluorouracil cream were not inferior to methyl aminolevulinate photodynamic therapy (MAL‐PDT) in patients with superficial basal cell carcinoma after 1 year of follow‐up. We now present the 3‐year follow‐up results. The probability of tumor‐free survival at 3 years post‐treatment was 58.0% for MAL‐PDT (95% confidence interval [CI] = 47.8–66.9), 79.7% for imiquimod (95% CI = 71.6–85.7), and 68.2% for fluorouracil (95% CI = 58.1–76.3). The hazard ratio for treatment failure comparing imiquimod with MAL‐PDT was 0.50 (95% CI = 0.33–0.76, P = 0.001). Comparison of fluorouracil with MAL‐PDT and fluorouracil with imiquimod showed hazard ratios of 0.73 (95% CI = 0.51–1.05, P = 0.092) and 0.68 (95% CI = 0.44–1.06, P = 0.091), respectively. Subgroup analysis showed a higher probability of treatment success for imiquimod versus MAL‐PDT in all subgroups with the exception of elderly patients with superficial basal cell carcinoma on the lower extremities. In this subgroup, the risk difference in tumor‐free survival was 57.6% in favor of MAL‐PDT. In conclusion, according to results at 3 years post‐treatment, imiquimod is superior and fluorouracil not inferior to MAL‐PDT in treatment of superficial basal cell carcinoma.
Consuming coffee with milk and sugar added before a high glycemic index meal improves postprandial glycemic and insulinemic responses$$$ Literature regarding the health effect of coffee consumption was contradicting, whereby it was found to protect against type 2 diabetes while inducing acute glucose intolerance. Previous studies suggested that adding sugar and milk into coffee may alter the effect of its consumption on glucose metabolism, potentially explaining the contradiction, but this is seldom investigated. This study aimed at assessing the effect of adding milk and sugar into coffee on the postprandial glycemic metabolism after a subsequent, high glycemic index (GI) meal. A total of 11 apparently healthy adults were recruited for this randomized, cross‐over acute feeding study. In each experimental session, overnight‐fasted participants consumed one cup of the following drinks: espresso (35 ml), instant, boiled, and decaffeinated coffee (all 150 ml). Then they consumed a high GI meal and blood samples were collected every 15‐30 minutes in the subsequent two hours. Each type of coffee was tested for 3 times, twice with 50 g low‐fat milk and 7.5 g white sugar added (i.e. white coffee) and once without (i.e. black coffee). Postprandial levels of glucose, insulin, and active GLP‐1, as well as the incremental area‐under‐curve (iAUC) of the biomarkers, were compared between black and white coffee, with baseline measurements as a covariate. Results showed that the peak glucose level after the meal was lower in white coffee sessions than black coffee sessions, regardless of coffee types. The difference was the greatest between black and white decaffeinated coffee (mean difference from baseline ± SEM, white coffee: 2.5 ± 0.2 mmol/L$$$ black coffee: 3.3 ± 0.3 mmol/L, p = 0.019). The mean glucose iAUC of white coffee sessions was significantly smaller than black coffee sessions for all coffee types except for instant coffee (all p < 0.05). The peak insulin levels between black and white coffees were not significantly different, yet white decaffeinated coffee had a 35% smaller mean insulin iAUC than black decaffeinated coffee (p = 0.025). The active GLP‐1 levels were not significantly different between black and white coffee sessions. These results showed that prior ingestion of coffee with milk and sugar added attenuated the glucose response after the subsequent meal, compared with drinking black coffee beforehand. Our results may provide an explanation for the conflicting literature regarding the protective effects of coffee consumption against type 2 diabetes.
Impairment of estramustine phosphate absorption by concurrent intake of milk and food$$$ The effect of milk and food on the pharmacokinetics of estramustine phosphate was investigated in six patients with prostatic cancer. In a randomized three‐way cross‐over study, the patients were given single doses of the drug together with low calcium water, low calcium food and milk. The evaluation was based upon the plasma concentration of two metabolites, estromustine and estrone, as parent drug could not be detected in plasma. The tmax and lag time of estromustine were significantly increased by milk and food intake and Cmax and AUC were significantly decreased. In comparison with water, the AUC of estromustine was 41% when the drug was taken with milk and 67% after simultaneous intake of standardized food. Corresponding figures for the peak values were 32 and 57%, respectively. The effect of milk and food intake on the pharmacokinetics of estrone was similar. Studies in vitro demonstrated that the dissolution of estramustine phosphate disodium was markedly impaired in the presence of calcium. It was concluded that the rate and extent of absorption of estramustine phosphate were decreased when the drug was taken with milk or food due to the formation of a poorly absorbable calcium complex. To obtain high and reproducible absorption of Estracyt, the drug should not be taken together with milk, milk products or other calcium‐rich food or drugs.
Validation of a milk consumption stage of change algorithm among adolescent survivors of childhood cancer$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess the construct validity of a milk consumption Stages of Change (SOC) algorithm among adolescent survivors of childhood cancer ages 11 to 21 years (n = 75). METHODS: Baseline data from a randomized controlled trial designed to evaluate a health behavior intervention were analyzed. Assessments included a milk consumption SOC algorithm and hypothesized theoretical and behavioral predictors of SOC. RESULTS: Compared with survivors who expressed no readiness to change, those expressing readiness to change behavior for both 2 and 4 daily servings of milk reported more frequent milk consumption (P < .001), greater dietary calcium intake (P = .006), and were more likely to meet age‐specific recommendations for daily calcium intake (P = .01). CONCLUSIONS AND IMPLICATIONS: Results provide support for the construct validity of the milk consumption SOC algorithm relative to behavioral criteria. Research is needed to further examine algorithm validity with respect to theoretical predictors of SOC.
Effects of Silymarin (Milk thistle fruit extract) on liver fibrosis in Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease$$$ INTERVENTION: The study will be carried out at the hepatology Out Patient Department of the Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujib Medical University. Consenting patients meeting inclusion/exclusion criteria will be allocated into four study arms using simple randomization. Interventional product: Cap SILIVER 140 (each capsule contains Silymarin 140 mg, which is the dried extract of Milk Thistle Fruit). Arm 1: Placebo (capsules visually identical containing 140mg inert substance)$$$ one capsule to be taken orally, once daily for 6 months Arm 2: Silymarin 2 capsules (280mg) to be taken orally, once daily for 6 months Arm 3: Silymarin 3 capsules (420mg) to be taken orally, once daily for 6 months Arm 4: Silymarin 4 capsules (560mg) to be taken orally, once daily for 6 months All participants will receive appropriate diet and lifestyle modification advice. All patients will be provided with appropriate treatment for comorbid diseases such as Hypertension (HTN), Ischemic heart disease (IHD), Diabetes Mellitus (DM), dyslipidemia or hypothyroidism according to standard guidelines and protocols. CONDITION: Non alcoholic fatty liver disease PRIMARY OUTCOME: Degree of hepatic fibrosis as determined by$$$ $$$ 1. AST to Platelet Ratio Index$$$ $$$ 2. Fibroscan of liver INCLUSION CRITERIA: Fatty liver on ultrasonography of the hepatobilliary system
The association of human milk oligosaccharides with glucose metabolism in overweight and obese pregnant women$$$ BACKGROUND: Human milk oligosaccharides (HMOs) were recently found in serum of normal‐weight pregnant women, with concentrations increasing from early to mid‐ and late pregnancy. Whether HMOs have effects on maternal metabolism is unknown. OBJECTIVES: We aimed to study the presence and changes in HMOs throughout pregnancy and assess associations with maternal glucose metabolism throughout pregnancy. METHODS: The study was a prospective longitudinal cohort study including 87 overweight or obese women. Blood samples were taken at 15, 24, and 32 wk of pregnancy. In serum, 4 HMOs [2'‐fucosyllactose (2'FL), lactodifucotetraose (LDFT), 3'‐sialyllactose (3'SL), and 3'‐sialyllactosamine (3'SLN)] were measured. In linear regression models, the associations between HMOs and (changes in) maternal metabolic parameters were assessed. RESULTS: All 4 HMOs showed a significant increase from 15 to 32 weeks of gestation. 3'SL and 3'SLN, but not 2'FL or LDFT, at 15 wk were positively associated with (changes in) fasting glucose at 24 and 32 wk. LDFT was positively associated with (changes in) insulin and HOMA‐index at 24 but not 32 wk. A model to predict the development of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) that included fasting glucose, prepregnancy BMI, gestational weight gain, age, parity, smoking, and history of macrosomia resulted in an area under the curve (AUC) of 0.81 (95% CI: 0.70, 0.92). Adding 3'SL to this model increased the AUC to 0.91 (95% CI: 0.84, 0.97). CONCLUSIONS: The sialylated HMOs 3'SL and 3'SLN were associated with fasting glucose$$$ LDFT was associated with fasting insulin and HOMA‐index. Furthermore, 3'SL was more predictive of future GDM diagnoses than was fasting glucose in early pregnancy. Causal relations are unclear and need further investigation.
Postprandialresponses of serumcalcium, parathyroid hormone and c-telopeptide of type I collagen to three doses of calcium delivered in milk$$$ Aims: An acute oral dose of calcium rapidly increases serum calcium and reduces bone resorption concomitant with a reduction in serum parathyroid levels. The aim of the study was to compare the physiological response to three doses of calcium carbonate delivered in milk, and one dose of a calcium salt. Methods: 28 Asian female volunteers aged 20‐45 years were recruited. Inclusion criteria were age, not taking calcium or vitamin D supplements and the ability to tolerate a glass of milk. Exclusion criteria included alcohol consumption, smoking, endocrine disease, and diagnosis of cancer, vascular disease or diabetes mellitus. Volunteers attended a research facility on three or five occasions at least 1 week apart. After fasted baseline blood and urine samples were taken, they were randomised to one of 3 experimental drinks$$$ 200 ml skim milk containing 250, 500 or 1,000 mg calcium. A subgroup of 7 also received 1,000 mg calcium from a calcium gluconate/ carbonate salt in 200 ml water. Serial blood samples were collected for 5 h and urine samples collected every 2 h for 6 h. Blood levels of corrected calcium, ionised calcium, PTH and Ctelopeptide of type I collagen (CTx) were measured. Results: The mean age of the group was 26.7±4.3 years with a mean BMI of 21.2±2.3. None of the women were osteoporotic. Mean dietary calcium intake was 587 ±335 mg/day. Serum calcium increased in response to all milk drinks within the first 3 h after consumption. From 2 to 5 h there was a significant difference in the blood levels for the 250 mg and 1,000 mg dose. There was a significant integrated response (area under the curve) for calcium between the various loads. Serum ionised calcium did not differ. Both PTH and CTx responded in a graded manner to increasing doses of calcium in milk. For PTH the response to the 500 mg and 1,000 mg dose of calcium in milk was significantly higher than the 250 mg dose. For CTx and urinary calcium there was a significant difference in the integrated response between all three doses of calcium in milk. Comparison of the response to 1,000 mg calcium in milk vs. the calcium salt, showed no difference in serum corrected or ionized calcium, CTx or urinary calcium:creatinine ratio, but with the oral dose of calcium salt, ionized calcium increased faster, reached the peak earlier and decreased sooner and faster than with the calcium dose in milk. In addition, serum PTH decreased faster and reached a plateau earlier than the milk group. Conclusion: Different doses of calcium in milk result in a graded response in serum corrected calcium but not ionised calcium. This response is partially reflected in serum PTH and CTx levels. A dose of calcium salt elicits a more immediate response which reaches a plateau faster. Fortified milk is a safe matrix for delivering larger doses of calcium.
Evaluation of the effect of a Healing Oil on the treatment of Diabetic Foot Cracks$$$ INTERVENTION: D10.627.675 Device E02.547.800.500 The patients were divided into two groups: Group 1 (study)n= 25 patients type 2 diabetic of both sexes with xerosis and fissures in the feet that were treated with the Healing Oil made from essential of clove (Eugenia caryophyllata) and melaleuca (Melaleuca Alternifolia). Group 2 (control)n= 22 patients Type 2 diabetic of both sexes with xerosis and fissures in the feet who were treated with 10% urea cream (Our control). Patients were instructed to pass the products on injury massaging twice a day. The participants of the study of both groups were evaluated weekly, by the same observers, student executing the project with the help of members of the work team$$$ For up to 119 days. The lesions were measured length x width and photographed every week, this is to observe the reduction of the lesion. CONDITION: C18.452.394.750.149 Diabetes Mellitus Type 2$$$ wounds and Injuries $$$ C18.452.394.750.149 $$$ C26 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Expected outcome 1: We monitored all patients for up to 119 days, measured and photographed the lesion (crack) weekly to analyze the reduction or not of the lesions, and whether this reduction was more significant in the Study Group (SG) that used the Healing Oil or in the Control Group (CG) who used 10% Urea Cream.$$$ A lesion (crack) was chosen in the foot of each patient to be treated and analyzed. The team, assisted by a podiatrist, chose the largest and most significant lesion.$$$ The work team weekly measured the injuries with a pachymeter, noted and photographed to follow the evolution. Expected outcome 2: We performed separate analyzes of the weekly reduction of lesions in patients with total healing and patients with partial healing in both groups, comparing these measures within each group and between groups. Expected outcome 3: We performed the analysis of the reduction of the lesions of patients with total healing (cure) in each of the groups, to know how much these lesions reduced each week.$$$ For this we used data collected only from these patients during the survey (weekly lesion measurements and photographs) for data comparison. Expected outcome 4: We also performed a separate analysis of the patients who had partial healing, that is, they had the reduction of the lesion but not total healing until the end of the treatment, in order to verify if there was a more significant weekly reduction in one of the groups compared. For this we used data collected only from these patients during the survey (weekly lesion measurements and photographs) for data comparison. Expected outcome 5: We did the percentage analysis of the reduction of the initial area in relation to the final area of the lesion in all patients of both groups. We compared the data collected during the work to perform the statistical analysis. Expected outcome 6: We compared the percentage of weekly reduction of cracks within each group, between patients with complete healing and partial reduction of the lesion, first within the SG and then within the CG. This analysis was done to verify if the patients who obtained total healing at the end of the treatment in each group, obtained a greater reduction of the lesion each week when compared to the patients that did not obtain total healing. We compared the data collected during the work to perform the statistical analysis. Expected outcome 7: We performed the analysis among the patients with total wound healing of the SG compared to the CG, in order to know if there was difference in the weekly reduction of the lesion until the complete cure of the patients in a group with total healing in relation to the other. We compared the data collected during the work to perform the statistical analysis. Expected outcome 8: We then analyzed only the patients with partial healing between the SG and CG groups, in order to verify if there was difference between them in the weekly decrease in lesion size. We compared the data collected during the work to perform the statistical analysis. Expected outcome 9: A personal questionnaire on product efficacy was answered by patients from both groups weekly. This questionnaire was aimed at knowing if the patient felt any improvement in some common aspects in diabetics with cracks and dry skin (xerosis) in the feet such as pain, dry skin, swelling, itching and redness at the injury site.$$$ This questionnaire was created by the team of this work, taking into account the expected action of the products, both Healing Oil and Urea Cream 10% (healing of fissures, improvement of local pain and hydration of dry skin). This questionnaire was answered by the patient. We consider it of great importance that the patient himself when using a product perceives its effectiveness. Outcome found 2: Our analysis of measurements and photographs showed that all patients in both the Study Group (SG) and the Control Group (CG) presented progressive weekly reduction of the lesion treated with both treatments, but not all of them had complete healing. For this we used the data collected only from these patients during the research.$$$ When we analyzed within the Study Group the reduction of lesion measurements of patients with partial healing compared to patients with total healing after treatment with the healing oil, we observed that the reduction of the lesion was similar (p= 0.125) when the segments were compared. This showed that in this group in both patients (total and partial healing) they evolved similarly in reducing the lesion each week.$$$ The same analysis was performed within the Control Group and also showed no significant difference in this group in both patients (total and partial healing) (p= 0.858), both segments presented a similar evolution in the lesion reduction each week. Outcome found 3:$$$ The data did not show a significant difference in the reduction of the lesion when we compared the patients with total SG healing (p= 0.125) and CG (p= 0.858). The mean reduction of the fissure was 1.04 ± 0.42 mm2 in the SG and 0.94 ± 0.62 mm2 in the CG, respectively, that is, with no significant difference between them (p = 0.251). Showing that all patients evolved similarly to healing each week. Outcome found 4:$$$ This analysis did not show significant difference in the comparison of these data between the groups since the mean reduction of the fissure was 0.81 ± 0.51 mm2 in the SG and 1.11 ± 1.24 mm2 in the CG, respectively (p = 0.945). Outcome found 6:$$$ We found a statistically significant difference between the SG patients (p= 0.001) and the CG patients (p= 0.002), showing a higher percentage of healing for the final healing state. The mean weekly wound healing rate was higher for patients who had total crack healing in both groups when compared to patients who had partial healing, ie, only reduction of the lesion. Outcome found 8: There was no significant difference (p= 0.731) found when the mean weekly wound healing rate was compared between the two groups with partial wound healing, showing similarity in the lesion reduction in these patients, when comparing the groups. Outcome found 9: As a result, 60% of the patients in the SG observed some improvement in the questions asked right after the first seven days of use of the Healing Oil. In the CG, 36.4% of the patients felt improvement in the first 7 days of using 10% Urea Cream.$$$ All patients in both groups (SG and CG) reported improvement in the healing of cracks in the dry skin of treated feet, feeling softer, less scaly and less harsh.$$$ All patients who used the Healing Oil and felt some pain in the area of ??the injury reported that this feeling of discomfort disappeared.$$$ Of the patients who used Urea Cream 10% only 33.3% reported the disappearance of pain from the lion's area.$$$ After seven days of treatment with the Healing Oil, all patients reported that the itch was eliminated. In addition, other symptoms were swelling and burning sensation in the feet and legs that, in some patients, impaired the use of footwear. All patients who used the Healing Oil reported recovery from swelling and burning sensation, some of them reported improvement in walking and wearing shoes.$$$ No patient who used 10% Urea Cream reported any recovery from itching or edema. Result Found 1:$$$ In the follow‐up of the groups, we observed that the mean reduction (mm2 / week) of the wound was significant in both groups (0.98 mm2/week in the Study Group and 0.99 mm2 / week in the Control Group, respectively) without significant difference (P= 0.348) between them. Result Found 5:$$$   The analysis showed that all patients in both groups recovered significantly after each week considering the healing of the lesions the elimination of xerosis (dry skin) in the treated foot.$$$ The percentage analysis of the reduction of the initial area in relation to the final area of the lesion (%/week) showed the weekly healing rate throughout the treatments. The mean weekly reduction in both groups was 9.6% in SG and 9.0% in CG, considering (p= 0.949), that is, without significant difference when comparing the groups. Result Found 7:$$$ We did not find a significant difference between patients with total wound healing when CG and SG were compared with each other (p= 0.825). SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary outcomes are not expected. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Type 2 diabetic patients. Adults. Both genders. Registered at ADINF (Associação de Diabéticos de Nova Friburgo, RJ). With xerosis (dry skin). Fissures (cracks) in their feet.
High dairy-protein versus high mixed-protein energy restricted diets - the effect on bone turnover and calcium excretion in overweight adults$$$ Background ‐ A moderate exchange of some dietary carbohydrate for protein appears to have metabolic and weight loss advantages in human studies. This dietary strategy raises safety concerns for bone health. The impact of dietary calcium in high protein diets on bone turnover has not been investigated. Objective ‐ This study examined the effect of protein source and calcium content in high protein, energy restricted diets on calcium excretion and bone metabolism in 50 overweight adults (BMI 33.4 +/‐ 2.1 kg/m(2)). Design ‐ The parallel study consisted of a 12‐week energy restriction phase followed by a four‐week energy balance phase. Subjects were randomised to one of two isoenergetic (5.5 MJ/d, 34% energy from protein, 41% from carbohydrate and 24% from fat) diets$$$ high dairy protein (DP, 2400mg Ca/d) or high mixed protein (MP, 500mg Ca/d). Outcomes ‐ Energy restriction was the primary determinant of weight loss (‐9.7 +/‐ 3.8 kg, P<0.01) with no significant effect of protein source. Twenty‐four hour calcium excretion decreased during both interventions (‐1.09 +/‐ 0.23 mmol/day, P<0.009). By week 16 the MP diet had a 40% larger increase in deoxypyridinoline (a bone turnover marker) compared to the DP diet (P=0.008). Osteocalcin (a marker of bone formation) increased from week zero to 16 in the MP diet only (+2.22 ng/ml P=0.001). Conclusions ‐ Overall, the DP diet has a modest advantage over MP diet by reducing the accelerated bone turnover associated with weight loss.
Soy protein and isoflavones: their effects on blood lipids and bone density in postmenopausal women$$$ The effects of soy protein (40 g/d) containing moderate and higher concentrations of isoflavones on blood lipid profiles, mononuclear cell LDL receptor messenger RNA, and bone mineral density and content were investigated in 66 free‐living, hypercholesterolemic, postmenopausal women during a 6‐mo, parallel‐group, double‐blind trial with 3 interventions. After a control period of 14 d, during which subjects followed a National Cholesterol Education Program Step I low‐fat, low‐cholesterol diet, all subjects were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 dietary groups: Step I diet with 40 g protein/d obtained from casein and nonfat dry milk (CNFDM), Step I diet with 40 g protein/d from isolated soy protein containing 1.39 mg isoflavones/g protein (ISP56), or Step I diet with 40 g protein/d from isolated soy protein containing 2.25 mg isoflavones/g protein (ISP90). Total and regional bone mineral content and density were assessed. Non‐HDL cholesterol for both ISP56 and ISP90 groups was reduced compared with the CNFDM group (P < 0.05). HDL cholesterol increased in both ISP56 and ISP90 groups (P < 0.05). Mononuclear cell LDL receptor mRNA was increased in subjects consuming ISP56 or ISP90 compared with those consuming CNFDM (P < 0.05). Significant increases occurred in both bone mineral content and density in the lumbar spine but not elsewhere for the ISP90 group compared with the control group (P < 0.05). Intake of soy protein at both isoflavone concentrations for 6 mo may decrease the risk factors associated with cardiovascular disease in postmenopausal women. However, only the higher isoflavone‐containing product protected against spinal bone loss.
Effects of including soy protein in a blood cholesterol-lowering diet on markers of cardiac risk in men and in postmenopausal women with and without hormone replacement therapy$$$ BACKGROUND: Increased consumption of soy foods has been associated with reduction in low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL‐C) in both clinical and observational studies. However, it is not clear whether adding soy to a low‐fat diet has additional lipid‐lowering benefits, and few previous studies have examined these effects in women using hormone replacement therapy (HRT+). METHODS: We tested whether adding soy protein to a low‐fat, high‐fiber, Step I diet improved cardiac risk markers in 18 postmenopausal women and 14 men with hypercholesterolemia and examined whether concurrent use of HRT altered diet responsiveness. Diets were matched for macronutrient content, and all food was provided. After 3 weeks on the Step I diet, subjects were randomized to diets (6 weeks) containing 25 g/day protein isolate from soy or cow's milk, with crossover. The soy treatment contained 90 mg/day isoflavones. Lipids, vascular cell adhesion molecule‐1 (VCAM‐1), p‐selectin, and urinary isoflavonoids were measured at the end of each diet. Results: In men and HRT‐ women only, there were significant reductions in LDL‐C (‐17.3%), high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL‐C) (‐15.3%), and triglycerides (‐11.5%) during the Step I diet, and soy had no additional effects. At study entry, HRT+ women had lower LDL‐C and higher triglycerides than men. Their LDL‐C was unchanged, and triglycerides were significantly reduced (‐15.1%) by the Step I diets. Isoflavonoid excretion was unrelated to diet response or HRT status. CONCLUSIONS: In men and HRT‐ women, the diets significantly lowered LDL‐C, independent of soy intake. In HRT+ women, the diets improved triglycerides without lowering HDL‐C.
Effect of β-cryptoxanthin plus phytosterols on cardiovascular risk and bone turnover markers in post-menopausal women: a randomized crossover trial$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIM: Post‐menopausal women are at higher risk of cardiovascular disease and bone demineralization. Phytosterols (PS) may be used for hypercholesterolemia in some groups and β‐cryptoxanthin (β‐Cx) displays a unique anabolic effect on bone. Our aim was to assess the changes in cardiovascular and bone turnover markers from the oral intake of β‐Cx and PS in post‐menopausal women. METHODS AND RESULTS: A randomized, double‐blind, crossover study with β‐Cx (0.75 mg/day) and PS (1.5 g/day), single and combined, was performed in 38 postmenopausal women. Diet was supplemented with 1 × 250 mL milk‐based fruit drink/day for 4 weeks with a wash‐out period of 4‐weeks in between. Serum β‐Cx and PS were determined by UPLC and CG‐FID respectively. Outcome variables included markers of bone turnover and cardiovascular risk. Biological effect was assessed by paired t test and generalized estimating equations analysis that included the previous treatment, the order of intervention and the interactions. The intake of beverages containing β‐Cx and PS brought about a significant increase in serum levels of β‐Cx, β‐sitosterol and campesterol. Intervention caused changes in almost all the markers while the order, previous treatment and the interaction did not reach statistical significance. Only the intake of the beverage containing β‐Cx plus PS brought about significant decreases in total cholesterol, c‐HDL, c‐LDL and bone turnover markers. CONCLUSIONS: β‐Cx improves the cholesterol‐lowering effect of PS when supplied simultaneously and this combination may also be beneficial in reducing risk of osteoporosis. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRY: ClinicalTrials.gov number NCT01074723.
Effect of β-cryptoxanthin plus phytosterols on cardiovascular risk and bone turnover markers in post-menopausal women: a randomized crossover trial$$$ Background and aim: Post‐menopausal women are at higher risk of cardiovascular disease and bone demineralization. Phytosterols (PS) may be used for hypercholesterolemia in some groups and β‐cryptoxanthin (β‐Cx) displays a unique anabolic effect on bone. Our aim was to assess the changes in cardiovascular and bone turnover markers from the oral intake of β‐Cx and PS in post‐menopausal women. Methods and results: A randomized, double‐blind, crossover study with β‐Cx (0.75mg/day) and PS (1.5g/day), single and combined, was performed in 38 postmenopausal women. Diet was supplemented with 1×250mL milk‐based fruit drink/day for 4 weeks with a wash‐out period of 4‐weeks in between. Serum β‐Cx and PS were determined by UPLC and CG‐FID respectively. Outcome variables included markers of bone turnover and cardiovascular risk. Biological effect was assessed by paired t test and generalized estimating equations analysis that included the previous treatment, the order of intervention and the interactions. The intake of beverages containing β‐Cx and PS brought about a significant increase in serum levels of β‐Cx, β‐sitosterol and campesterol. Intervention caused changes in almost all the markers while the order, previous treatment and the interaction did not reach statistical significance. Only the intake of the beverage containing β‐Cx plus PS brought about significant decreases in total cholesterol, c‐HDL, c‐LDL and bone turnover markers. Conclusions: β‐Cx improves the cholesterol‐lowering effect of PS when supplied simultaneously and this combination may also be beneficial in reducing risk of osteoporosis. Clinical Trial Registry: ClinicalTrials.gov number NCT01074723.
Effect of soy protein on endogenous hormones in postmenopausal women$$$ BACKGROUND: The long‐term clinical effects of soy protein containing various concentrations of isoflavones on endogenous hormones are unknown. OBJECTIVE: We examined the effects of ingestion of soy protein containing various concentrations of isoflavones on hormone values in postmenopausal women. DESIGN: Seventy‐three hypercholesterolemic, free‐living, postmenopausal women participated in a 6‐mo double‐blind trial in which 40 g protein as part of a National Cholesterol Education Program Step I diet was provided as casein from nonfat dry milk (control), isolated soy protein (ISP) containing 56 mg isoflavones (ISP56), or ISP containing 90 mg isoflavones (ISP90). Endogenous hormone concentrations were measured at baseline and at 3 and 6 mo. RESULTS: The concentration of thyroxine and the free thyroxine index were higher in the ISP56 group, and the concentration of thyroid‐stimulating hormone was higher in the ISP90 group than in the control group at 3 and 6 mo (P < 0.05). Triiodothyronine was significantly higher in the ISP90 group only at 6 mo. Thyroxine, free thyroxine index, and thyroid‐stimulating hormone at 6 mo were inversely associated with measures of baseline estrogenicity. No significant differences were found for endogenous estrogens, cortisol, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate, insulin, glucagon, or follicle‐stimulating hormone after baseline hormone values were controlled for. CONCLUSIONS: This study does not provide evidence that long‐term ingestion of soy protein alters steroid hormone values, but it suggests that soy protein may have small effects on thyroid hormone values that are unlikely to be clinically important. The thyroid effects are, however, consistent with previous findings in animals and highlight the need for future research investigating possible mechanisms of action.
Which strategies to manage problem foods were related to weight loss in a randomized clinical trial?$$$ Individuals managing their weight are often faced with problem foods that are difficult to resist eating. In the context of a weight‐loss intervention, we characterized the most commonly reported problem foods and the behavioral strategies used to manage them, and examined which strategies were related to weight loss. Women with overweight and obesity (N = 186) participated in a one‐year randomized trial of three interventions (NCT01474759): standard advice to eat less food, choosing portions based on energy density, and using pre‐portioned foods. At Months 0, 6, and 12 of the trial, participants listed the foods they found most problematic and reported the frequency of using eight behavioral strategies to control intake of these foods, including three practices for avoiding exposure to problem foods and three for consuming them but limiting intake. The responses showed that 82% of the top three problem foods were in the categories of sweet baked items, salty snacks, starchy side dishes, chocolate and candy, and ice cream. After one year, women who reported more frequently using the strategy of limiting portions of problem foods had a greater rate of weight loss (kg/week), regardless of their intervention group (p < 0.0001). Among women who limited portions of problem foods less frequently, those using pre‐portioned foods had greater initial weight loss compared to the other two groups, but then regained weight at a greater rate (p < 0.0001). The three avoidance strategies for problem foods were reported to be frequently used but were not found to be related to weight loss. These results suggest that adopting and maintaining strategies to manage portions of problem foods, rather than avoiding exposure to them, can be a more useful approach for weight loss.
Efficacy of the use of a sour milk product enriched with phytosterols in diet therapy of patients with cardiovascular diseases$$$ We studied effect of antiatherogenic diet with inclusion of a sour milk product Danacor enriched with phytosterols on clinical and biochemical parameters of patients with cardiovascular diseases. Results of the study showed that antiatherogenic diet with phytosterols facilitated improvement of clinical status, anthropometric parameters, and lipid spectrum of blood.
Hypoglycemic effect of camel milk powder in type 2 diabetic patients: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial$$$ Fresh camel milk was widely accepted to help to prevent and control of diabetes, especially in Africa, Middle East, and cooler dry areas of Asia. In this study, type 2 diabetic patients were enrolled to supplement with 10 g of camel milk powder twice a day for 4 weeks (n = 14), cow milk powder served as the placebo (n = 13). It was found that camel milk supplement decreased fasting blood glucose, 2‐hr postprandial blood glucose, serum content of total cholesterol, resistin, and lipocalin‐2. There was also a significant increase in serum content of osteocrin, amylin, and GLP‐1in camel milk group, indicating an improvement on adipose tissue and skeletal muscle. Camel milk powder supplement significantly enriched the relative abundance of Clostridium_sensu_stricto_1 and [Eubacterium]_eligens_group compared with cow milk after the 4‐week intervention. This study suggested that camel milk powder can be used as a functional food help to treat type 2 diabetes.
An eight-week randomized intervention study on Korean adults to evaluate the effect of milk intake on obesity$$$ The anti‐obesity effect of milk intake has been suggested via a variety of designed studies, but findings of obesity interventions for Korean adults are scarcely reported. The study aimed to investigate the anti‐obesity effect of cow milk in Korean adults with an 8‐wk randomized intervention. A total of 121 adults overweight aged 19 to 60 yr old were randomly assigned to 1 of the 2 groups: milk or control. During the intervention, both groups were encouraged 500 kcal of restriction a day, and the milk group consumed 200 mL of milk twice a day$$$ the same energy intake as the control group, including milk intake, was recommended for 8 wk. We detected no significant differences in body weight (BW) and body mass index (BMI) between the milk and control groups during the 8‐wk intervention, although the changes in BW and BMI of those within the milk group were significant. High‐density lipoprotein cholesterol levels and serum calcium levels increased significantly in the milk group compared with the control group. Calcium, phosphorus, vitamin A, and riboflavin intakes increased significantly, when compared with the control. In conclusion, 8‐wk milk consumption had no effect on weight loss and BMI change but improved some blood biomarkers and nutrient intake in Korean adults who were overweight. To evaluate the effect of milk on obesity reduction, well‐designed, long‐term, and large‐scale studies are needed.
Endometrial safety of ultra-low-dose estradiol vaginal tablets$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the endometrial hyperplasia and carcinoma rate after 52‐week treatment with ultra‐low‐dose 10‐microgram 17β‐estradiol vaginal tablets in postmenopausal women with vaginal atrophy. METHODS: Endometrial biopsy data from individuals using active treatment (n=205) in a randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial were pooled with the data from an open‐label endometrial safety trial (n=336). Patients received 10‐microgram estradiol vaginal tablets for 52 weeks. All endometrial biopsy samples were histologically analyzed at baseline and at end of trial by the same laboratory in both trials. RESULTS: A total of 541 women using estradiol were included in the combined analysis of endometrial safety. A total of 456 women completed the trials, and 443 women had a biopsy performed at week 52: 85.6% were categorized as "atrophic endometrium," 12.6% had nonevaluable biopsy samples, 1.1% had polyps, and 0.2% were categorized as "weakly proliferative." One case of complex hyperplasia without atypia was reported in an individual exposed to trial drug for only 9 days. One woman's biopsy sample demonstrated endometrioid adenocarcinoma, grade 2, but the lack of an evaluable screening biopsy sample makes it uncertain whether the carcinoma was preexisting. In total, two events of hyperplasia and carcinoma were reported in 386 evaluable biopsy samples (incidence rate 0.52% per year). CONCLUSION: The reported background incidence rate of endometrial hyperplasia and carcinoma in postmenopausal women is 0% to 1%. The results of this pooled analysis therefore support the endometrial safety of unopposed ultra‐low‐dose vaginal estrogen. There was no increased risk of endometrial hyperplasia and carcinoma in postmenopausal women undergoing treatment with 10‐microgram estradiol vaginal tablets for 1 year under study conditions. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov, www.clinicaltrials.gov, NCT00108849 (VAG‐2195) and NCT00431132 (VAG 1748). LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: II.
Is the thin layer of methyl aminolevulinate used during photodynamic therapy sufficient?$$$ BACKGROUND: If the recommended 1.0 mm layer of methyl aminolevulinate (MAL) is used during photodynamic therapy (PDT) of large areas with multiple actinic keratoses (AK) huge amounts of cream are needed. OBJECTIVES: To report the amount of MAL used for PDT of AK and basal cell carcinomas (BCC) in daily routine. The association of protoporphyrin IX (PpIX) fluorescence and thickness of MAL was investigated in a randomized paired study in healthy volunteers. METHODS: Amount of cream used per cm(2) during conventional and daylight PDT was recorded. In 16 healthy volunteers, 0.1 mm, 0.2 mm, 0.5 mm and 1.0 mm MAL cream were applied for 3 h on tape‐stripped areas on each forearm randomized to light‐permeable or light‐impermeable occlusion. PpIX fluorescence was measured. RESULTS: Less than 0.4 mm MAL was used during PDT of BCC and 0.2 mm for AK. No difference in PpIX fluorescence was found between the different thicknesses of MAL using light‐impermeable occlusion. CONCLUSION: In daily routine <0.4 mm MAL was used during PDT of BCC and 0.1‐0.2 mm MAL during PDT of AK. The recommended 1.0 mm MAL did not result in a higher accumulation of PpIX compared to thinner MAL layers after light‐impermeable occlusion for 3 h.
A modified paleolithic diet results in iodine deficiency-a study of 24 hour urinary iodine excretion in postmenopausal overweight and obese women in Sweden$$$ To fight obesity, low carbohydrate diets are popular. In the Paleolithic type diet (PD) (stone age diet) two of the largest iodine sources, table salt and dairy products, are excluded and the risk of iodine deficiency (ID) is evident. This study aimed for the first time to evaluate iodine status in subjects on PD compared to subjects on a diet according to the Nordic nutrition recommendations (NNR). This is a two‐year prospective randomised trial in healthy postmenopausal overweight women that were recruited for a dietary weight reduction program and were randomized to either PD (n = 35) or NNR (n = 35) diets. Median 24‐hour urinary iodine concentration (24‐UIC), 24‐hour urinary iodine excretion (24‐UIE) during three days and thyroid hormone levels were evaluated at baseline and after 6‐ and 24 months. The urine sampling was monitored by paraaminobenzoic acid (PABA), the salt intake by urinary sodium (U‐Na) and dietary habits were registered. From similar baseline levels (24‐UIC 72 μg/L, 24‐UIE 134 μg/L), the levels decreased after 6 months in PD group to 36 μg/L (p < 0.001) and 77 lg (p< 0.001) in 24‐UIC and 24‐UIE, respectively, whereas levels in the NNR group were held constant. The median TSH at 24 months was higher than at baseline in both groups, p < 0.05. FT3 decreased in the PD group after 6 months and was lower than on the NNR diet p < 0.05. A paleolithic diet for two years resulted in iodine levels in accordance with mild to moderate ID and iodine supplementation is recommended. (Figure Presented).
Changes in markers of inflammation, antioxidant capacity and oxidative stress in smokers following consumption of milk, and milk supplemented with fruit and vegetable extracts and vitamin C$$$ Two milk‐based beverages delivering twice the average daily antioxidant intake were formulated, based on synergistic combinations of fruit and vegetable extracts, and containing vitamin C (1.00 mg/ml) for shelf stability. Smokers (n = 42) consumed prototype milk A, B or non‐supplemented milk (no extracts or vitamin C$$$ 200 ml) twice daily for 6 weeks. Fasting and post‐prandial (2 h after milk consumption) blood samples were collected at baseline and the end of each treatment. Non‐supplemented milk significantly reduced fasting inflammatory cytokines (interleukin (IL) 6, IL‐1β, tumour necrosis factor‐α) compared to baseline. Both supplemented milk‐based beverages significantly increased fasting plasma vitamin C concentrations and antioxidant potential and decreased serum uric acid, compared to non‐supplemented milk. The beverages did not induce post‐prandial oxidative stress or inflammation. Therefore, regular consumption of the supplemented milks may confer health benefits because of increased antioxidant potential or through mechanisms resulting from increased vitamin C or decreased uric acid concentrations.
No effects of low and high consumption of dairy products and calcium supplements on body composition and serum lipids in Puerto Rican obese adults$$$ OBJECTIVE: Epidemiologic studies have shown that a high calcium intake is related to lower body weight, fat, and serum lipids in obese individuals. However, clinical studies have shown inconclusive results. The present study was conducted to determine if dairy or calcium supplementation alters body composition or serum lipids in Puerto Rican obese adults without dietary energy restriction or exercise. METHODS: A 21‐wk randomized clinical trial was conducted in 30 obese adults, aged 21‐50 y, with usual calcium intakes <700 mg/d. Subjects were randomly assigned to the following: high dairy (∼ 1300 mg/d of calcium from dairy products by substituting foods)$$$ high calcium (∼ 1300 mg/d of calcium$$$ ∼ 700 mg/d from diet and 600 mg/d from a supplement)$$$ or placebo. Subjects were asked to continue their established dietary intake (except for the high dairy group) and their physical activity during the study. Body weight was measured monthly$$$ body fat, bone, and serum lipids (total cholesterol, high‐density lipoprotein, low‐density lipoprotein, and triacylglycerol) were measured at baseline and at 21 wk. Pairwise differences in study endpoints among the groups were assessed using ANOVA and post‐hoc analysis. RESULTS: Grand mean calcium intake was 1200 ± 370 (median 1187) mg/d in the high dairy group, 1171 ± 265 (median 1165) mg/d in the high calcium group, and 668 ± 273 (median 691) mg/d in the control group, which was significantly lower compared to the two treatment groups (P < 0.001). There were no significant group effects in any of the outcome variables. CONCLUSION: A high dairy or calcium diet alone did not alter body composition or serum lipids profile in a sample of Puerto Rican obese adults.
Long-term dietary intervention trials: critical issues and challenges$$$ BACKGROUND: There are many challenges involved in running randomised controlled dietary intervention trials that investigate health outcomes. The aim of this paper was to evaluate the recruitment process, retention of participants and challenges faced in our dairy intervention trial, and to provide strategies to combat the difficulties of running long‐term dietary intervention trials. METHODS: A 12‐month, randomised, two‐way crossover study was conducted in overweight adults with habitually low dairy food consumption to assess the effects of a high dairy intake (4 servings of reduced‐fat dairy per day) compared with a low dairy intake (1 serving of reduced‐fat dairy per day) on measures of cardiometabolic and cognitive health. On completion of the high dairy intake phase, each participant was interviewed about their experience in the trial and responses were used to evaluate the key issues for study participants. RESULTS: Although the recruitment target was achieved, high rates of attrition (49.3%) and difficulties maintaining participant compliance (reported by 37.8% of participants) were major threats to the viability of the study. Factors that contributed to the high attrition included inability to comply with the dietary requirements of the study protocol (27.0%), health problems or medication changes (24.3%) and time commitment (10.8%). CONCLUSION: Attrition and adherence to study requirements present challenges to trials requiring longer‐term dietary change. Including a run‐in period to further assess the motivation, commitment and availability of participants, maintaining regular contact with participants during control phases, minimising time commitment, providing flexibility with dietary requirements, facilitating positive experiences, and stringent monitoring of diet are some key recommendations for future dietary intervention trials. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Australia and New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry (ACTRN 12608000538347).
Facial resurfacing for nonmelanoma skin cancer prophylaxis$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine the effect of facial skin resurfacing for treatment of actinic keratoses (AKs) and prophylaxis against new primary basal and squamous cell carcinomas in individuals with previous nonmelanoma skin cancer (NMSC) or severe photodamage. DESIGN: Randomized, prospective 5‐year trial. SETTING: Dermatology and otolaryngology clinics of a Veterans Affairs hospital. PATIENTS: Thirty‐four patients with a history of facial or scalp AKs or basal or squamous cell carcinoma were enrolled. Five of 7 eligible patients who declined study‐related treatment were used as controls. Twenty‐seven patients were randomized to 3 treatment arms$$$ 3 patients were discontinued from the study. INTERVENTIONS: Carbon dioxide laser resurfacing, 30% trichloroacetic acid peel, or 5% fluorouracil cream applied twice daily for 3 weeks. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Reduction in the number of AKs was measured 3 months after treatment. The incidence of new NMSC in treated areas was assessed between January 1, 2001, and June 30, 2005. Times from baseline to diagnosis of first skin cancer were compared between the treatment and control groups. RESULTS: Treatment with fluorouracil, trichloroacetic acid, or carbon dioxide laser resulted in an 83% to 92% reduction in AKs (P< or =.03), a lower incidence of NMSC compared with the control group (P<.001), and a trend toward longer time to development of new skin cancer compared with the control group (P=.07). However, no significant differences were noted among the treatment groups. CONCLUSION: All 3 modalities demonstrated benefit for AK reduction and skin cancer prophylaxis compared with controls and warrant further study in a larger trial.
Imiquimod 5% cream monotherapy for cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma in situ (Bowen's disease): a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: We conducted a double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, randomized trial to evaluate the preliminary efficacy and safety of imiquimod 5% cream treatment for cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) in situ. METHODS: In all, 31 patients with biopsy‐proven cutaneous SCC in situ were randomly assigned to placebo (vehicle) (n = 16) or imiquimod 5% cream (n = 15) daily for 16 weeks. Patients were assessed at week 28 for the primary end point, resolution of cutaneous SCC in situ. RESULTS: Of the 31 patients enrolled, 3 dropped out. Intention‐to‐treat analysis revealed 11 of the 15 patients (73%) in the imiquimod group achieved resolution of cutaneous SCC in situ, with no relapse during the 9‐month follow‐up period$$$ none in the placebo group achieved resolution (P < .001). Imiquimod 5% cream was generally well tolerated and there were no serious adverse events. LIMITATIONS: Topical imiquimod 5% cream has proven to be an effective treatment for cutaneous SCC in situ. However, studies to define the ideal dosing regimen and cost‐effectiveness are required before it can be accepted as a recognized therapy. CONCLUSIONS: In this controlled trial, patients with cutaneous SCC in situ receiving topical imiquimod 5% cream as monotherapy experienced a high degree of clinical benefit compared with placebo.
The effect of an iron chelating agent on protoporphyrin IX levels and phototoxicity in topical 5-aminolaevulinic acid photodynamic therapy$$$ BACKGROUND: In 5‐aminolaevulinic acid (ALA)‐photodynamic therapy (PDT), the prodrug ALA is endogenously converted to the active sensitizer protoporphyrin IX (PpIX), while further conversion of PpIX to haem requires iron. OBJECTIVES: To explore the potential of the iron chelator desferrioxamine (DFO) to enhance PpIX levels and phototoxicity in ALA‐PDT. METHODS: A series of six doses of 2% ALA solution was iontophoresed into the healthy skin of each ventral forearm of 10 volunteers. One arm was pretreated with 20% DFO in aqueous cream, while the control arm received aqueous cream alone, for 16 h. At 5 h following iontophoresis, skin‐surface PpIX fluorescence was measured, following which the forearms were simultaneously irradiated with 100 J cm‐2 broadband red light. The phototoxic reaction was assessed at 24 h postirradiation as the minimal phototoxic dose (MPD) and with quantification of erythema. Next, eight patients with two superficial basal cell carcinomas or two plaques of Bowen's disease of similar appearance received 20% ALA topically to one lesion and 20% ALA with 20% DFO to the other, for 3 h. Skin‐surface PpIX fluorescence was measured at 5 h, following which lesions were irradiated with 100 J cm‐2 broadband red light. RESULTS: In healthy skin, PpIX fluorescence increased with increasing ALA dose at DFO‐treated and untreated sites (P < 0.0005)$$$ PpIX fluorescence peak values were consistently higher in DFO‐treated compared with control sites (P < 0.02). Erythema also correlated with ALA dose (P < 0.0005), but a significant difference between active and control sites occurred only at low ALA dose (P < 0.05). The median MPD appeared lower at the DFO‐treated sites, at 6 mC vs. 12 mC (P = 0.06). In contrast, in lesional skin there was no consistent difference in PpIX fluorescence levels between those treated with and without DFO. CONCLUSIONS: While iron chelation augmented ALA‐PDT phototoxicity in normal skin, this occurred only at low ALA dose. Addition of DFO does not appear to confer additional benefit in ALA‐PDT of nonmelanoma skin cancers.
5-fluorouracil decreases rates of persistent actinic keratoses$$$ Keratinocyte carcinoma (KC) is the most common cancer in the United States, with over 5 million cases treated annually. KC treatment is associated with the potential for substantial morbidity as well as significant costs, estimated at $4.8 billion per year from 2007 to 2011. Actinic keratoses (AKs) are known precursors of squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) and therefore may be a target for KC prevention. Topical 5‐fluoruracil (5‐FU) has been shown to reduce AK count, but its role as AK prophylaxis (vs. treatment) is unclear. In this double‐blind, placebocontrolled trial, veterans with two or more prior KCs were randomized to apply topical 5‐FU or vehicle control cream to the face and ears twice daily for up to 4 weeks. Complete skin exams were performed by study dermatologists at enrollment and every 6 months, and clinically diagnosed AKs were marked and photographed. Digital photos were used to track AKs over time, allowing distinction between new AKs and persistent AKs. Among participants in the placebo group who had had no AK treatments with cryotherapy on the face and ears from baseline to 6 months (n=161), only 15% (174/1160) of AKs persisted from baseline to 6 months, demonstrating a high rate of spontaneous regression. In the subset of the treatment group who had also not received cryotherapy on the face and ears during this time (n=152), only 5% (59/1177) of AKs persisted from baseline to 6 months‐one third of the placebo group. At 6 months, the mean number of persistent AKs per subject was 1.09 in the placebo group and 0.39 in the treatment group (difference in means: 0.70, 95%CI 0.35‐1.04$$$ p<0.001). These findings suggest that 5‐FU is effective in treating clinically apparent AKs and preventing them from persisting. Additionally, the high rate of spontaneous AK regression suggests that treating every AK with cryotherapy, as is commonly done in clinical practice, may often be unnecessary.
Mometasone furoate effect on acute skin toxicity in breast cancer patients receiving radiotherapy: a phase III double-blind, randomized trial from the North Central Cancer Treatment Group N06C4$$$ PURPOSE: A two‐arm, double‐blind, randomized trial was performed to evaluate the effect of 0.1% mometasone furoate (MMF) on acute skin‐related toxicity in patients undergoing breast or chest wall radiotherapy. METHODS AND MATERIALS: Patients with ductal carcinoma in situ or invasive breast carcinoma who were undergoing external beam radiotherapy to the breast or chest wall were randomly assigned to apply 0.1% MMF or placebo cream daily. The primary study endpoint was the provider‐assessed maximal grade of Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events, version 3.0, radiation dermatitis. The secondary endpoints included provider‐assessed Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events Grade 3 or greater radiation dermatitis and adverse event monitoring. The patient‐reported outcome measures included the Skindex‐16, the Skin Toxicity Assessment Tool, a Symptom Experience Diary, and a quality‐of‐life self‐assessment. An assessment was performed at baseline, weekly during radiotherapy, and for 2 weeks after radiotherapy. RESULTS: A total of 176 patients were enrolled between September 21, 2007, and December 7, 2007. The provider‐assessed primary endpoint showed no difference in the mean maximum grade of radiation dermatitis by treatment arm (1.2 for MMF vs. 1.3 for placebo$$$ p = .18). Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events toxicity was greater in the placebo group (p = .04), primarily from pruritus. For the patient‐reported outcome measures, the maximum Skindex‐16 score for the MMF group showed less itching (p = .008), less irritation (p = .01), less symptom persistence or recurrence (p = .02), and less annoyance with skin problems (p = .04). The group's maximal Skin Toxicity Assessment Tool score showed less burning sensation (p = .02) and less itching (p = .002). CONCLUSION: Patients receiving daily MMF during radiotherapy might experience reduced acute skin toxicity compared with patients receiving placebo.
An open case series of patients with basal cell carcinoma treated with topical 5% imiquimod cream$$$ In an open‐label study we assessed the response rate and posttreatment follow‐up of topical imiquimod 5% cream in 5 patients with basal cell carcinoma (BCC) who were not treated with surgical excision after topical immunotherapy. All patients received imiquimod 5% cream 3 times a week for up to 16 weeks, at which time treatment was stopped. Patients were examined at regular intervals for signs of recurrence. All patients experienced resolution of their BCC. In all cases, there was a local inflammatory response during therapy, which resolved after treatment. Recurrences were not observed in any of the 5 patients during the posttreatment observation interval, which ranged from 5 to 13 months. Our experience with imiquimod 5% cream in the treatment of BCC is consistent with clinical efficacy previously reported. With the exception of one severe application site reaction, treatment was well tolerated.
Effect of an adapted ice cream on cancer patients during chemotherapy$$$ INTERVENTION: Approximately 15 participants with hematologic cancer or head and neck cancer, ready to start chemotherapy, will receive the nutritional intervention consisting of 2 pots (total 120g) of a high‐protein, low‐fat ice cream for 21 days (pilot study) or 9 weeks. The control group, also with 15 participants with hematological cancer or head and neck cancer, able to start chemotherapy, will receive only the conventional hospital diet. G07.203.300.515 CONDITION: C04.588.443 C04.588.448 Leukemia. Lymphoma. Squamous Cell Carcinoma of Head and Neck. Esophageal Neoplasms. Facial Neoplasms. Mouth Neoplasms. Parathyroid Neoplasms. Thyroid Neoplasms. Tracheal Neoplasms, Control of effects during chemotherapy PRIMARY OUTCOME: Maintenance and/or improvement of nutritional status, assessed through body composition by bioelectrical impedance with phase angle on the 1st day of chemotherapy and on the 21st day after the start of chemotherapy (in the pilot study) or 9th week. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Changes in inflammatory and oxidative stress markers, assessed by taking blood from participants on day 1 of chemotherapy and on day 21 after chemotherapy initiation (in the pilot study) or week 9. Changes in the Quality of Life pattern, assessed through the application of a structured and validated questionnaire for this population, on the 1st day of chemotherapy and on the 21st day after the start of chemotherapy (in the pilot study) or 9th week. Incidence, duration and severity of oral mucositis, evaluated through clinical examination by a dental professional following the World Health Organization classification parameters for oral mucositis severity. INCLUSION CRITERIA: individuals aged 19 years or over, both sexes, with recent clinical diagnosis of hematologic cancer or head and neck cancer and with indication to start chemotherapy treatment, and in conditions of oral ingestion
Interferon as an adjuvant treatment for genital condyloma acuminatum$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effect of alpha‐interferon as an adjuvant to laser or fluorouracil treatment in patients with recurrent genital human papillomavirus (HPV) infection. METHODS: Sixty‐two females and 21 males were treated for recurrent HPV infection, with either fluorouracil (Efudex 5%) cream or laser ablation of the lesions. Half of the patients were then randomly treated with adjuvant alpha‐interferon, to the lesions for patients treated with fluorouracil, or beneath areas previously treated by laser, once a week, for 8 weeks. The other half of the patients did not receive interferon adjuvant. Evaluation of both groups was done using colposcopy and acetic acid, to assess recurrence rates up to 1 year after treatment. RESULTS: Of the 83 patients followed for 1 year, colposcopy revealed recurrent anogenital lesions in 3 of 45 receiving interferon, compared with 9 of 38 patients treated without adjuvant interferon. CONCLUSION: Interferon is effective as adjuvant treatment in controlling the recurrence of genital HPV.
Patient preferences for topical treatment of actinic keratoses: a discrete-choice experiment$$$ BACKGROUND: The treatment of actinic keratosis (AK) is a potentially effective strategy for the prevention of cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma (cSCC). However, the patient perspective on potential benefits of AK treatment in terms of skin cancer reduction has received little attention to date. OBJECTIVES: (i) To investigate patient preferences for topical treatments for AK using a discrete‐choice experiment (DCE)$$$ (ii) to evaluate patient willingness to trade between clinical benefit and medical burden. METHODS: The DCE was conducted as part of a study to establish the feasibility of a phase III randomized controlled trial evaluating the prevention of cSCC using currently available topical interventions. Preferences were elicited by asking patients to make a series of choices between treatment alternatives with different hypothetical combinations of attribute levels. Willingness to trade between treatment attributes was estimated using a flexible‐choice model that allows for the heterogeneity of patient preferences. RESULTS: A total of 109 patients with AK completed the DCE. The majority of patients who expressed valid preferences were willing to accept some reduction in both prophylactic and cosmetic efficacy to reduce the burden of the treatment regimen, the severity of skin reaction and other adverse effects. Patients may reject treatment if the perceived therapeutic benefit is outweighed by the subjective burden of treatment. CONCLUSIONS: Evidence of significant variation in the perceived utility of treatments across patients highlights the importance of taking individual patient preferences into account to improve AK treatment acceptability and adherence.
Treatment of post-transplant premalignant skin disease: a randomized intrapatient comparative study of 5-fluorouracil cream and topical photodynamic therapy$$$ BACKGROUND: Organ transplant recipients (OTR) are at high risk of developing nonmelanoma skin cancer and premalignant epidermal dysplasia (carcinoma in situ/ Bowen's disease and actinic keratoses). Epidermal dysplasia is often widespread and there are few comparative studies of available treatments. OBJECTIVES: To compare topical methylaminolaevulinate (MAL) photodynamic therapy (PDT) with topical 5% fluorouracil (5‐FU) cream in the treatment of post‐transplant epidermal dysplasia. METHODS: Eight OTRs with epidermal dysplasia were recruited to an open‐label, single‐centre, randomized, intrapatient comparative study. Treatment with two cycles of topical MAL PDT 1 week apart was randomly assigned to one area of epidermal dysplasia, and 5‐FU cream was applied twice daily for 3 weeks to a clinically and histologically comparable area. Patients were reviewed at 1, 3 and 6 months after treatment. The main outcome measures were complete resolution rate (CRR), overall reduction in lesional area, treatment‐associated pain and erythema, cosmetic outcome and global patient preference. RESULTS: At all time points evaluated after completion of treatment, PDT was more effective than 5‐FU in achieving complete resolution: eight of nine lesional areas cleared with PDT (CRR 89%, 95% CI: 0.52‐0.99), compared with one of nine lesional areas treated with 5‐FU (CRR 11%, 95% CI: 0.003‐0.48) (P = 0.02). The mean lesional area reduction was also proportionately greater with PDT than with 5‐FU (100% vs. 79% respectively). Cosmetic outcome and patient preference were also superior in the PDT‐treated group. CONCLUSIONS: Compared with topical 5‐FU, MAL PDT was a more effective and cosmetically acceptable treatment for epidermal dysplasia in OTRs and was preferred by patients. Further studies are now required to confirm these results and to examine the effect of treating epidermal dysplasia with PDT on subsequent development of squamous cell carcinoma in this high risk population.
Impact of topical fluorouracil cream on costs of treating keratinocyte carcinoma (nonmelanoma skin cancer) and actinic keratosis$$$ BACKGROUND: It is unknown whether treatment costs for keratinocyte carcinoma (KC) and actinic keratosis (AK) can be lowered by spending more on chemoprevention. OBJECTIVE: To examine the impact of 1‐course treatment with topical fluorouracil (5‐FU) on the face and ears on KC and AK treatment costs over 3 years. METHODS: The Veterans Affairs Keratinocyte Carcinoma Chemoprevention trial compared the efficacy of topical 5‐FU 5% with that of vehicle control cream for reducing KC risk. Trial data and administrative data on costs and utilization were analyzed to measure postrandomization encounters and treatment costs for KC and AK care. Adjusted models were used to test for statistically significant differences between treatment arms for number of treatment encounters and costs. RESULTS: One year after randomization, the control arm had a higher mean number of treatment encounters for squamous cell carcinoma (0.04) than the intervention arm (0.01) (P < .01). At 1 year, the intervention arm had lower treatment and dermatologic costs: $2106 (standard deviation, $2079) compared with $2444 (standard deviation, $2716) for the control patients (P = .02). After 3 years, the intervention arm incurred a cost of $771 less per patient. LIMITATIONS: Care not provided or paid for by the Department of Veterans Affairs was not included. Results may not be generalizable to other payers. CONCLUSION: We found significant cost savings for patients treated with 5‐FU.
A randomized, double-blind trial on the use of 1% hydrocortisone cream for the prevention of acute radiation dermatitis$$$ Background: To determine whether the application of 1% hydrocortisone cream during radiation therapy can prevent the occurrence of moist desquamation.Methods: Fifty adult female breast carcinoma patients were randomized after modified radical mastectomy and chemotherapy to receive prophylactic placebo cream (n = 27) or 1% hydrocortisone cream (n = 23) during radiation therapy. The patients, caregiver and assessor were all blinded to the treatment received. Occurrence of moist desquamation, severity of acute radiation dermatitis (ARD) and hyperpigmentation were evaluated weekly until the end of radiotherapy.Results & conclusion: Five patients in each group developed moist desquamation$$$ however, its extent and severity were milder in the steroid group. Mean ARD scores were also lower in the steroid group (0.713 vs. 0.874, p = 0.024). A lower incidence of Grades 1 and 2 radiation dermatitis was also noted in the steroid group at weeks 2 and 4, respectively, indicating prophylactic use of steroids delayed the onset of radiodermatitis.
Risk of Invasive Cutaneous Squamous Cell Carcinoma After Different Treatments for Actinic Keratosis: a Secondary Analysis of a Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Importance: Treatment of actinic keratosis (AK) aims to prevent cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma (cSCC). However, whether AK can progress into invasive cSCC is a matter of debate, and little is known about the effect of treatment on preventing cSCC. Objectives: To evaluate the risk of invasive cSCC and factors that may contribute to increased risk in patients with multiple AKs. Design, Setting, and Participants: In this secondary analysis of a multicenter randomized clinical trial, 624 patients with a minimum of 5 AKs within an area of 25 to 100 cm2 on the head were recruited from the Department of Dermatology of 4 hospitals in the Netherlands. Long‐term follow‐up was performed from July 1, 2019, to December 31, 2020. Interventions: Patients were randomized to treatment with 5% fluorouracil, 5% imiquimod cream, methylaminolevulinate photodynamic therapy, or 0.015% ingenol mebutate gel. Main Outcomes and Measures: The primary outcome was the proportion of patients with invasive cSCC in the target area during follow‐up. Secondary outcomes were the associations between risk of invasive cSCC and a priori defined potential prognostic factors, including type of treatment, severity of AK (Olsen grade), history of nonmelanoma skin cancer, and additional treatment. Results: Of the 624 patients (558 [89.4%] male$$$ median age, 73 years [range, 48‐94 years]) in the study, 26 were diagnosed with a histologically proven invasive cSCC in the target area during follow‐up. The total 4‐year risk of developing cSCC in a previously treated area of AK was 3.7% (95% CI, 2.4%‐5.7%), varying from 2.2% (95% CI, 0.7%‐6.6%) in patients treated with fluorouracil to 5.8% (95% CI, 2.9%‐11.3%) in patients treated with imiquimod. In patients with severe AK (Olsen grade III), the risk was 20.9% (95% CI, 10.8%‐38.1%), and the risk was especially high (33.5%$$$ 95% CI, 18.2%‐56.3%) in patients with severe AK who needed additional treatment. Conclusions and Relevance: In this secondary analysis of a randomized clinical trial, risk of invasive cSCC was highest in patients with Olsen grade III AK and was substantially increased in patients who received additional treatment. These patients should be closely followed up after treatment. Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT02281682.
Prophylaxis of acute radiation dermatitis with topical R1 and R2: interim results of a multicenter, randomized, controlled trial (CREAM-1)$$$ Objectives: Acute radiation‐induced dermatitis (ARD) is a common complication in patients with squamous cell cancer of the head and neck (SCCHN) treated by chemoradiotherapy. Currently, there is only little evidence concerning prophylaxis and treatment of ARD. Since we had convincing first clinical experiences with the new lactokine‐containing two‐step topical treatment “R1 and R2” in the management of ARD, we launched a multicenter, randomized, controlled clinical trial with a recruitment goal of 120 patients in 20 centers to assess the safety and efficacy of the two compounds for prophylaxis of ARD. Methods: Patients with SCCHN were 1:1 randomized to either receive prophylactic topical “R1 and R2” or the standard skin care of the institution. All patients were treated by fractionated radiotherapy and concomitant platin‐based chemotherapy in curative intention. The primary objective was the number of patients that experience an ARD grade 3 or 4 (NCI CTCAE v. 4.03). According to the study protocol, all patients were regularly evaluated and the irradiated skin photographed and graded according to NCI CTCAE. In addition, patients completed quality of life (QoL) questionnaires. Results: As of January 2012, 43 patients were evaluable for safety. The application of R1 and R2 was well tolerated. No grade 3 or 4 toxicities were seen. QoL was maintained in patients applying R1 and R2. The results of the pending interim analysis will be presented. Conclusions: The application of “R1 and R2” is feasible, safe, and effective in prophylaxis of ARD. Due to promising initial results, active accrual will continue.
Tolerability of high-dose topical tretinoin: the Veterans Affairs Topical Tretinoin Chemoprevention Trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Topical tretinoin is a medication commonly used for acne that has potential application in the long‐term treatment of photodamaged skin. However, there are few published data regarding the tolerability of high‐dose tretinoin with long‐term use. OBJECTIVES: To assess the long‐term tolerability of tretinoin 0.1% cream. METHODS: A randomized, multicentre, double‐blind, controlled trial for chemoprevention of keratinocyte carcinomas (i.e. basal cell or squamous cell carcinomas) using topical tretinoin cream to the face and ears was conducted. All participants were veterans and had a history of two or more keratinocyte carcinomas over the previous 5 years. Participants were examined (by a study dermatologist) and interviewed every 6 months (for up to 5.5 years to May 2004). Treatment comprised tretinoin 0.1% cream or vehicle control cream once daily, then twice daily as tolerated. Participants were instructed to step down application frequency to once daily or less if twice daily was not tolerated. The main outcome measures were reported side‐effects, frequency of cream application and attendance at study visits. Appropriate data were available for four of the six clinical sites of this trial. RESULTS: Data from 736 randomized participants (mean age 71 years$$$ 97% men) from four clinical sites were analysed. The tretinoin group more commonly reported one or more side‐effects at the 6‐month follow‐up than the control group (61% vs. 42%, P < 0.0001). Side‐effects decreased over time in both groups, but to a greater extent in the tretinoin group, and the difference became nonsignificant at 30 months. Burning was the most common side‐effect (39% tretinoin vs. 17% control, P < 0.0001). There was no difference in severity of side‐effects among those affected. Of the participants who reported burning in either group, most reported mild burning$$$ only 11% of those with burning in the tretinoin group reported it as severe (mild 62% tretinoin vs. 70% placebo$$$ severe 11% vs. 5%$$$ P = 0.4). Itching (24% vs. 16%, P = 0.01) and other local cutaneous reactions (12% vs. 6%, P = 0.01) were also more commonly reported by the tretinoin group at 6 months. There was no difference in numbness (2% vs. 2%, P = 0.9). Participants in the tretinoin group were less likely to apply cream twice daily at 6 months (29% vs. 43%, P = 0.0002). This difference persisted over the entire duration of follow‐up. There was little difference between groups in attendance at study visits or completion of telephone interviews (92% vs. 95%, P = 0.06). No unexpected adverse events were reported. CONCLUSIONS: Overall, the tolerability level of topical tretinoin was high in this study population, with almost 40% of the tretinoin group reporting no side‐effects, and the majority (67%) tolerating at least once‐daily dosing at 6‐month follow‐up. High‐dose topical tretinoin is feasible for long‐term use in this population.
Chemoprevention of basal and squamous cell carcinoma with a single course of 5-flourouracil 5% cream$$$ Keratinocyte carcinoma (KC$$$ basal cell and squamous cell carcinoma of the skin, i.e. BCC and SCC) is the most common cancer in the United States and throughout the world's lightskinned population, with over 5 million cases per year in the US alone, and its incidence is increasing. Topical 5% 5‐fluorouracil (5‐FU) has been used for decades for the treatment of actinic keratosis, a known precursor of SCC. We sought to test whether topical application of 5‐FU could be an effective regimen for the prevention of BCC and SCC of the face and ears that require surgery. We recruited a high‐risk population of 932 veterans at 12 Veterans Affairs Medical Centers who had a history of at least 2 KCs during the prior 5 years, at least one of which was on the face or ears. They were randomized to apply a standard course of 28 to 56 applications (twice daily for 2 to 4 weeks) of 5‐FU 5% cream or vehicle control cream to the face and ears. Investigators were blinded to randomization group and did not examine study participants during the first 6 months after initiating application of the study cream. All lesions biopsied from the face or ears were reviewed by a board‐certified study dermatopathologist who was blinded to group assignment. During this 4 year trial (median follow‐up 2.6 years), 299 participants developed a BCC on the face or ears requiring surgery and 108 developed an SCC that met the same criteria. Over the 4 year trial period, there was no difference in risk of KC, BCC, or SCC. However, during the first year of follow‐up, there was a 74% reduction in SCCs requiring surgery in the 5‐FU group compared to vehicle control (HR=0.25, 95% CI 0.09‐0.68, p=0.003), whereas there was no difference in BCC or overall KC. These data demonstrate that a conventional course of 5‐FU to the face and ears substantially reduces surgery for SCC on the face and ears for at least 1 year without affecting the corresponding risk for BCC.
What determines patient preferences for treating low risk basal cell carcinoma when comparing surgery vs imiquimod? A discrete choice experiment survey from the SINS trial$$$ BACKGROUND: The SINS trial (Controlled Clinical Trials ISRCTN48755084$$$ Eudract No. 2004‐004506‐24) is a randomised controlled trial evaluating long term success of excisional surgery vs. imiquimod 5% cream for low risk nodular and superficial basal cell carcinoma (BCC). The trial included a discrete choice experiment questionnaire to explore patient preferences of a cream versus surgery for the treatment of their skin cancer. METHODS: The self‐completed questionnaire was administered at baseline to 183 participants, measuring patients' strength of preferences when choosing either alternative 'surgery' or 'imiquimod cream' instead of a fixed 'current situation' option (of surgical excision as standard practice in UK). The treatments were described according to: cost, chance of complete clearance, side effects and appearance. Participants had to choose between various scenarios. Analysis was performed using a mixed logit model, which took into account the impact of previous BCC treatment and sample preference variability. RESULTS: The analysis showed that respondents preferred 'imiquimod cream' to their 'current situation' or 'surgery', regardless of previous experience of BCC symptoms and treatment. Respondents were more likely to be worried about their cosmetic outcomes and side effects they might experience over and above their chance of clearance and cost. Those with no experience of surgery (compared with experience) valued more the choice of 'imiquimod cream' (£1013 vs £781). All treatment characteristics were significant determinants of treatment choice, and there was significant variability in the population preferences for all of them. CONCLUSIONS: Patients with BCC valued more 'imiquimod cream' than alternative 'surgery' options, and all treatment characteristics were important for their choice of care. Understanding how people with a BCC value alternative interventions may better inform the development of health care interventions.
Effect of urea cream on sorafenib-associated hand-foot skin reaction in patients with hepatocellular carcinoma: a multicenter, randomised, double-blind controlled study$$$ Background: Hand–foot skin reaction (HFSR) is the most common adverse event during sorafenib treatment in patients with hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). In the present study, we aimed to investigate the role of urea cream in the prevention of HFSR or amelioration of HFSR severity. Patients and methods: Patients with HCC were treated with either placebo cream or urea cream for 12 weeks concomitantly with sorafenib treatment. HFSR development, the Hand–Foot Skin Reaction and Quality of Life (HF‐QoL) questionnaire score, and adverse events were assessed at 2, 4, 8 and 12 weeks. Results: Of the 288 patients, 247 patients, with 117 patients in the placebo control group and 130 patients in the urea cream group, were analysed. The urea cream group showed a trend towards a lower cumulative incidence of any‐grade HFSR (log‐rank, P = 0.247) and severe HFSR of grade II or higher (log‐rank, P = 0.394) without statistical significance. In the incidence by time point, the incidence of severe HFSR of grade II or higher was significantly lower in the urea cream group than in the placebo control group at 2 weeks (13.8% versus 23.9%, P = 0.042). The urea cream group showed a significantly better HF‐QoL questionnaire score than the placebo control group (11.8 versus 19.7, P = 0.014) at 12 weeks. Conclusions: Treatment with urea cream showed a lower incidence of severe sorafenib‐induced HFSR at 2 weeks and reduced the tendency of HFSR development in HCC patients. Therefore, treatment with urea cream may be considered for prophylaxis or improvement of HFSR grade in HCC patients treated with sorafenib. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT03212625).
Topical immunomodulation under systemic immunosuppression: results of a multicentre, randomized, placebo-controlled safety and efficacy study of imiquimod 5% cream for the treatment of actinic keratoses in kidney, heart, and liver transplant patients$$$ OBJECTIVE: In this study the safety and efficacy of imiquimod 5% cream for the treatments of actinic keratoses in kidney, heart and liver transplant recipients is evaluated. BACKGROUND: Growing populations of organ transplant recipients face increased risk of developing actinic keratosis (AK) and skin cancer secondary to continuous systemic immunosuppressive therapy. Imiquimod 5% cream is an effective option for the treatment of AK, but the safety of topical immune stimulation in immunocompromised patients has not been widely evaluated. METHODS: A total of 43 patients in six European transplant centres applied two sachets of topical imiquimod or vehicle cream three times per week to a 100 cm(2) field. Dosing continued for 16 weeks regardless of lesion clearance. Patients were assessed for safety variables that included adverse events, local skin reactions, laboratory results, vital signs, dosage of immunosuppressive medication and indication of graft rejection. A blinded independent expert committee was responsible for safety monitoring and final safety assessment. RESULTS: No graft rejections or trends for a deterioration of graft function were detected. No meaningful trends were observed in laboratory results. Among patients randomized to imiquimod, the complete clearance rate was 62.1% (18/29)$$$ for vehicle patients, the complete clearance rate was 0% (0/14). Clinical clearance was confirmed histologically in all cases. CONCLUSIONS: Imiquimod appears to be a safe alternative for the treatment of multiple actinic keratoses in patients with solid organ transplants. Efficacy was within the range previously observed in nontransplanted populations.
A randomized, multinational, noninferiority, phase III trial to evaluate the safety and efficacy of BF-200 aminolaevulinic acid gel vs. methyl aminolaevulinate cream in the treatment of nonaggressive basal cell carcinoma with photodynamic therapy$$$ BACKGROUND: Basal cell carcinoma (BCC) represents the most common nonmelanoma skin cancer worldwide, affecting mainly adult, fair‐skinned individuals. The World Health Organization distinguishes aggressive and nonaggressive forms, of which prototypical variants of the latter are primary nodular and superficial BCC. OBJECTIVES: To demonstrate noninferiority of BF‐200 ALA (a nanoemulsion gel containing 5‐aminolaevulinic acid) compared with MAL (a cream containing methyl aminolaevulinate) in the treatment of nonaggressive BCC with photodynamic therapy (PDT). Noninferiority of the primary efficacy variable (overall patient complete response 12 weeks after last PDT) would be declared if the mean response for BF‐200 ALA was no worse than that for MAL, within a statistical margin of Δ = ‐15%. METHODS: The study was a randomized, phase III trial performed in Germany and the U.K. with ongoing 5‐year follow‐up. Of 281 randomized patients, 138 were treated with BF‐200 ALA and 143 with MAL. Patients received two PDT sessions 1 week apart. Remaining lesions 12 weeks after the second PDT were retreated. Illumination was performed with a red light source (635 nm, 37 J cm‐2 ). The results shown include clinical end points and patients' reassessment 12 months after the last PDT. The study was registered with EudraCT (number 2013‐003241‐42). RESULTS: Of the BF‐200 ALA‐treated patients, 93·4% were complete responders compared with 91·8% in the MAL group. The difference of means was 1·6, with a one‐sided 97·5% confidence interval of ‐6·5, establishing noninferiority (P < 0·0001). The results for secondary efficacy parameters were in line with the primary outcome. Recurrence rates 12 months after the last treatment were ≤ 10%. CONCLUSIONS: Treatment of nonaggressive BCC with BF‐200 ALA‐PDT is highly effective and well tolerated with proven noninferiority to MAL‐PDT. It demonstrates low recurrence rates after 1 year of follow‐up.
Validation and comparison of quality-of-life measures for topical 5-fluorouracil treatment: results from a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Topical 5‐fluorouracil (5‐FU) is commonly used for high‐risk patients with keratinocyte carcinoma (KC). Skindex and Skin Cancer Index (SCI) are validated instruments to measure quality of life (QoL) of patients with KC and those who have had surgical treatment of KCs. AIM: To validate Skindex and SCI for topical 5‐fluorouracil (5‐FU) application and to compare the two QoL instruments. METHODS: We randomized 932 veterans at high risk for developing a KC to either topical 5‐FU or vehicle control cream applied to the face and ears for up to 1 month. We collected their Skindex‐29 and SCI scores at baseline and follow‐up visits. RESULTS: Compared with controls, 5‐FU reduced QoL, measured by the Skindex symptom, Skindex function and SCI social subscales (P < 0.001, P < 0.01, P = 0.02, respectively). At 1 month, significant changes in QoL in the 5‐FU group were observed in the Skindex symptom (10.1, 95% CI 0.36‐12.6), Skindex function (6.0, 95% CI 4.0‐8.0) and SCI social (‐3.5, 95% CI ‐6.2 to ‐0.8) subscales, while the other subscales of Skindex and SCI did not show significant changes. All three Skindex subscales at 1 month correlated with patient‐reported symptom score and photograph‐based toxicity score, whereas social subscale was the only one of the SCI subscales that correlated with patient‐reported symptom and photograph‐based toxicity scores. CONCLUSIONS: Our study validated Skindex symptom, Skindex function and SCI social subscales for QoL measurement during treatment with topical 5‐FU. The study could not provide evidence for construct validity of the other subscales. Skindex was more responsive than SCI in the context of 5‐FU treatment.
A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial Evaluating the Effect of Topical Urea for Secondary Prophylaxis of Hand Foot Skin Reaction in Renal Cell Cancer Patients on Sunitinib Therapy$$$ Introduction: Hand foot skin reaction (HFSR) is a common dose‐limiting adverse effect of multi kinase inhibitors (MKI) whose mechanism is not fully understood, and the prophylaxis is inadequate. Objective: In this pilot study, a double‐blind, randomized placebo‐controlled trial was conducted to evaluate the effect of topical urea in secondary prevention of sunitinib‐induced HFSR in renal cell cancer patients. Methods: Out of 55 screened patients, 14 were randomized to receive topical urea or placebo for four weeks. The association of HFSR with drug levels of sunitinib and its metabolite (n‐desethyl sunitinib), genetic polymorphism of VEGFR2 gene, quality of life (QOL) and biochemical markers was also assessed. Results: The results showed that urea‐based cream was not superior to placebo (P = .075). There was no change in the QOL in both the groups. Single nucleotide polymorphism was checked for two nucleotides rs1870377 and rs2305948 located in VEGFR2 gene on chromosome 4. SNP (variant T > A) at rs1870377 was associated with appearance of new HFSR as compared to the wild type, although the association was not statistically significant (OR 0.714). There was no statistically significant difference between mean plasma levels of sunitinib and N‐desethyl sunitinib in urea arm as compared to placebo arm as compared to placebo. The best fit population pharmacokinetic model for sunitinib was one compartment model with first order absorption and linear elimination. The median (IQR) of population parameters calculated from the population pharmacokinetics model for Ka, V and Cl was 0.22 (0.21‐0.24) h‐1, 4.4 (4.09‐4.47) L, 0.049 (0.042‐0.12) L/hr, respectively. Conclusion: The study suggested that the urea‐based cream was not superior to placebo in decreasing the appearance of new HFSR in renal cancer patients receiving 4:2 regimen of sunitinib.
Validation of the prophylactic efficacy of urea-based creams on sorafenib-induced hand-foot skin reaction in patients with advanced hepatocellular carcinoma: a randomised experiment study$$$ Background: Hand‐foot skin reaction may influence the effectiveness of patients' treatment, patient quality of life, and the economics of health care. An effective prophylactic dermatological cream for preventing sorafenib‐induced hand‐foot skin reaction (HFSR) is yet to be identified. Aim: The aim of this study is validated the prophylactic efficacy of urea‐based creams on sorafenib‐induced hand‐foot skin reaction in patients with advanced hepatocellular carcinoma. Methods: This was a randomised double‐blind experimental study. A total of 129 patients with advanced HCC were randomly assigned to three groups. The comparison group received best supportive care (BSC), group A received BSC plus a moisturising cream, and group B received BSC plus a 10% urea‐based cream. Incidence of HFSR and cutaneous wetness were assessed 3 days before starting sorafenib and each week after starting sorafenib for 8 weeks. Results: No significant difference was observed in the incidence density of sorafenib‐induced HFSK (comparison group/A group, p >.05$$$ comparison group/B group, p >.05). Group B reported significantly better cutaneous wetness of hands in the seventh week after starting sorafenib (p <.05) and of feet during the first 6 weeks (p <.05–.001). Conclusion: This study found a nut size amount of a 10% urea‐based cream applied twice a day can maintain patients' cutaneous wetness in the first 6 weeks after starting sorafenib than moisturising‐alone cream. But it cannot reduce the occurrence of HFSR. Thus, the result supports nut‐size dose of the 10% urea‐based cream three times a day may be an appropriate dose to prevent HFSR. Clinical Trail Registration Number: NCT04568330.
Surgery Versus 5% Imiquimod for Nodular and Superficial Basal Cell Carcinoma: 5-Year Results of the SINS Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ We previously reported modest clinical 3‐year benefit for topical imiquimod compared with surgery for superficial or nodular basal cell carcinoma at low‐risk sites in our noninferiority randomized controlled SINS trial. Here we report 5‐year data. Participants were randomized to imiquimod 5% cream once daily (superficial basal cell carcinoma, 6 weeks$$$ nodular basal cell carcinoma, 12 weeks) or excisional surgery (4‐mm margin). The primary outcome was clinical absence of initial failure or signs of recurrence at the 3‐year dermatology review. Five‐year success was defined as 3‐year success plus absence of recurrences identified through hospital, histopathology, and general practitioner records. Of 501 participants randomized, 401 contributed to the modified intention‐to‐treat analyses at year 3 (primary outcome), 383 (96%) of whom had data at year 5. Five‐year success rates for imiquimod were 82.5% (170/206) compared with 97.7% (173/177) for surgery (relative risk of imiquimod success = 0.84, 95% confidence interval = 0.77–0.91, P < 0.001). These were comparable to year 3 success rates of 83.6% (178/213) and 98.4% (185/188) for imiquimod and surgery, respectively. Most imiquimod treatment failures occurred in year 1. Although surgery is clearly superior to imiquimod, this study shows sustained benefit for lesions that respond early to topical imiquimod.
Long-term clinical outcomes of imiquimod 5% cream vs. diclofenac 3% gel for actinic keratosis on the face or scalp: a pooled analysis of two randomized controlled trials$$$ BACKGROUND: Actinic keratosis (AK) is an early in situ epidermal cancer which can progress to invasive squamous cell carcinoma (SCC). Imiquimod 5% cream (IMIQ) and diclofenac 3% gel (DIC) are frequently used to treat AK$$$ however, their long‐term effects following repeated treatment cycles have never been compared. OBJECTIVE: To compare IMIQ and DIC in the treatment of AK with respect to the risk of change to grade III AK or invasive SCC, after 3 years. METHODS: Data were pooled from two randomized, active‐controlled, open‐label, multicentre, multinational, phase IV studies (Clinicaltrials.gov NCT00777127/NCT01453179), with two parallel groups. Studies were conducted between 2008 and 2015 and were almost identical in design. Patients eligible for inclusion were immunocompetent adults with 5‐10 visible AK lesions on the face/scalp and grade I/II AK. The primary endpoint was inhibition of histological change to grade III AK or invasive SCC in the study treatment area, observed until month 36. Patients applied either IMIQ or DIC for a maximum of six treatment cycles. RESULTS: In total, 479 patients (IMIQ 242$$$ DIC 237) were included in the full analysis set. Histological change to grade III AK or invasive SCC was observed until month 36 in 13 (5.4%) patients treated with IMIQ, compared with 26 (11.0%) patients treated with DIC (absolute risk difference ‐5.6% [95% confidence interval ‐10.7%, ‐0.7%]). Time to histological change was greater in the IMIQ group than the DIC group (P = 0.0266). Frequency of progression to invasive SCC was lower with IMIQ than with DIC at all time points. Initial clearance rate was higher in the IMIQ group compared with the DIC group, while recurrence rate was lower. Both treatments were well tolerated. CONCLUSIONS: Over 3 years, IMIQ was superior to DIC in clearing AK lesions and preventing histological change to grade III AK or invasive SCC and recurrence.
R1 and R2 for prophylaxis of acute radiation dermatitis: interim results of a randomized multicenter trial (CREAM-1)$$$ Introduction: Acute radiation‐induced dermatitis (ARD) is a common complication in patients with squamous cell cancer of the head and neck (SCCHN) treated by platin‐based chemoradiation. Despite ongoing progress in supportive cancer care ARD remains a major adverse side effect with a severe impact on quality of life. Objectives: Due to convincing clinical experiences with the new lactokine containing topical treatment “R1 and R2” in a pilot case series for management of ARD we launched a multicenter, randomized trial with a recruitment goal of 132 patients in 29 centers to assess its safety and efficacy for prophylaxis of ARD Methods: Patients with SCCHN were randomized to either receive prophylactic topical “R1 and R2” or the standard skin care of the institution. All patients were treated by concomitant platin‐based chemoradiation in curative intention. The primary objective was the amount of patients that experience an ARD grade 3 or 4 (NCI CTCAE v. 4.03). All patients were regularly evaluated and the irradiated skin was photographed and graded according to NCI CTCAE. Additionally, patients completed quality of life (QoL) questionnaires. Results: As of January 2013, 84 patients were evaluable for safety analysis. Application of R1 and R2 was well tolerated. No allergic reactions occurred and no grade 3 or 4 toxicities were seen. QoL was maintained in patients applying R1 and R2 Results of the interim analysis will be presented Conclusions: The application of “R1 and R2” is feasible, safe and effective in prophylaxis of ARD. Due to promising initial results active accrual will continue and be completed soon.
A randomized, multinational, noninferiority, phase III trial to evaluate the safety and efficacy of BF-200 aminolaevulinic acid gel vs. methyl aminolaevulinate cream in the treatment of nonaggressive basal cell carcinoma with photodynamic therapy$$$ Background: Basal cell carcinoma (BCC) represents the most common nonmelanoma skin cancer worldwide, affecting mainly adult, fair‐skinned individuals. The World Health Organization distinguishes aggressive and nonaggressive forms, of which prototypical variants of the latter are primary nodular and superficial BCC. Objectives: To demonstrate noninferiority of BF‐200 ALA (a nanoemulsion gel containing 5‐aminolaevulinic acid) compared with MAL (a cream containing methyl aminolaevulinate) in the treatment of nonaggressive BCC with photodynamic therapy (PDT). Noninferiority of the primary efficacy variable (overall patient complete response 12 weeks after last PDT) would be declared if the mean response for BF‐200 ALA was no worse than that for MAL, within a statistical margin of Δ = −15%. Methods: The study was a randomized, phase III trial performed in Germany and the U.K. with ongoing 5‐year follow‐up. Of 281 randomized patients, 138 were treated with BF‐200 ALA and 143 with MAL. Patients received two PDT sessions 1 week apart. Remaining lesions 12 weeks after the second PDT were retreated. Illumination was performed with a red light source (635 nm, 37 J cm−2). The results shown include clinical end points and patients’ reassessment 12 months after the last PDT. The study was registered with EudraCT (number 2013‐003241‐42). Results: Of the BF‐200 ALA‐treated patients, 93·4% were complete responders compared with 91·8% in the MAL group. The difference of means was 1·6, with a one‐sided 97·5% confidence interval of −6·5, establishing noninferiority (P < 0·0001). The results for secondary efficacy parameters were in line with the primary outcome. Recurrence rates 12 months after the last treatment were ≤ 10%. Conclusions: Treatment of nonaggressive BCC with BF‐200 ALA‐PDT is highly effective and well tolerated with proven noninferiority to MAL‐PDT. It demonstrates low recurrence rates after 1 year of follow‐up.
A phase II randomized controlled trial of manuka honey as prophylaxis against radiation-induced dermatitis in breast cancer patients$$$ Background: Radiation dermatitis is a common side effect in patients undergoing breast or chest wall irradiation, with grade 2 dermatitis reported in up to 50% of patients. Many topical agents are used in clinical practice, but no single agent has been proven to prevent radiation dermatitis. Manuka honey (Leptospermum scoparium), local to New Zealand, has been proven to have wound healing and anti‐inflammatory properties, due to an unidentified phytochemical. There is evidence to support the use of honey in the healing of moist desquamation, and for radiation‐induced mucositis. This study was designed to determine the efficacy of manuka honey in preventing radiation‐induced dermatitis in breast cancer patients undergoing radiotherapy (RT). The honey formulation used contained active manuka honey as the only ingredient (1 g/g), UMF (Unique Manuka Factor) of 18. Materials and Methods: Patients with invasive breast cancer or DCIS undergoing adjuvant external beam RT were randomly assigned to either standard aqueous cream or manuka honey in a non‐blinded fashion. A range of radiation schedules were accepted. The topical treatments were applied twice daily from the 1st day until 10 days post RT. Toxicity was scored by visual inspection using the RTOG acute toxicity scale and digital photography. Independent assessment of the photographs was performed by a clinician blinded to the treatment allocation. Patient‐reported outcomes were also collected. The primary study endpoint was the incidence of radiation dermatitis, ≥ grade 2. Secondary endpoints included the duration of dermatitis, ease of application, comfort and acceptability of the intervention. Results: A total of 81 patients were enrolled in this study between October 2007 and September 2008. 43 patients received manuka honey and 38 patients received standard aqueous cream. There was a lower incidence of grade ≥ 2 dermatitis in the honey‐treated group compared to the group using aqueous cream (37.2% vs 57.8%$$$ p = 0.08). There was a trend towards a lower incidence of grade ≥ 2 dermatitis lasting longer than 1 week (shorter duration) in patients treated with honey compared to aqueous cream (14.0% vs 28.9%$$$ p = 0.1). Ratings out of a scale of 10 for the ease of application (9.3 vs 7.1$$$ p < 0.05), comfort (9.0 vs 6.1$$$ p < 0.05) and overall acceptability (9.2 vs 8.6$$$ p = 0.04) were significant, in favour of the aqueous cream over honey. Conclusion: This trial demonstrated potential reductions in the incidence and duration of clinically significant radiation dermatitis in breast cancer patients. Although the honey was not as comfortable or easy to apply, the overall acceptability rates were similar. A larger phase III study is warranted to further investigate the potential benefits of honey, although development of an improved topical honey product may be required.
Surgical excision versus topical 5% 5-fluorouracil and photodynamic therapy in treatment of Bowen's disease: a multicenter randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Randomized controlled trials comparing the effectiveness of 5‐fluorouracil cream, methylaminolevulinate photodynamic therapy (MAL‐PDT) and surgical excision in patients with Bowen's disease are lacking. Methods: In this multicenter noninferiority trial, patients with a histologically proven Bowen's disease of 4‐40 mm were randomly assigned to excision with 5 mm margin, 5% 5‐fluorouracil cream twice daily for 4 weeks, or 2 sessions of MAL‐PDT with 1 week interval. The primary outcome was the proportion of patients with sustained clearance at 12 months after treatment. A noninferiority margin of 22% was used. Results: Between May 2019 and January 2021, 250 patients were randomized. The proportion of patients with sustained clearance was 97.4% (75/77) after excision, 85.7% (66/77) after 5‐fluorouracil, and 82.1% (64/78) after MAL‐PDT. Absolute differences were −11.7% (95% CI −18.9 to −4.5$$$ P =.0049) for 5‐fluorouracil versus excision and −15.4% (95% CI −23.1 to −7.6$$$ P =.00078) for MAL‐PDT versus excision. Both noninvasive treatments significantly more often led to good or excellent cosmetic outcome. Conclusions: Based on our predefined noninferiority margin of 22%, 5‐fluorourcail is noninferior to excision and associated with better cosmetic outcome. For MAL‐PDT noninferiority to excision cannot be concluded. Therefore, 5‐fluorouracil should be preferred over excision and MAL‐PDT in treatment of Bowen's disease.
Environmental organic pollutants in human milk before and after weight loss$$$ Many persistent organic pollutants (POPs) are banned because they accumulate in organisms and are toxic. Lipophilic POPs are stored in maternal adipose tissue and concentrations in human milk (HM) may increase during weight loss. Our aim was to examine associations between weight loss and concentrations of chlorinated POPs in HM in lactating women participating in a weight loss study. We analysed POPs (PCB 28, PCB 153, HCB, DDE) in HM at 12 and 24 weeks postpartum from 32 women who participated in a randomized, 2 × 2 factorial trial of diet and exercise for postpartum weight loss. Participants donated milk before and after the intervention period. We examined associations between weight loss and change in POP concentrations and estimated the intake of POPs by their breastfed infants. Most (n = 27) women lost weight during intervention, 0.45 ± 0.30 kg/week (mean ± SD). Among these women, the concentration of PCB 153 in HM was significantly (p = 0.04) higher at follow‐up than at baseline. Weight loss was significantly positively associated with changes in concentrations of all studied POPs (2.0‐2.4% increase per percent weight loss). Estimated mean intakes of POPs (ng/day) remained stable because infant milk consumption decreased during the study period. As infants gained weight, estimated mean intakes per kg body weight decreased 17‐22%. Changes in concentrations of POPs in HM correlated positively with maternal weight loss, but it is unlikely that the balance between the benefits and risks of breastfeeding will change if the weight loss is restricted to 0.5 kg per week.
Total body bone mineral content and density during weight loss and maintenance on a low- or recommended-dairy weight-maintenance diet in obese men and women$$$ BACKGROUND: Diets high in either dairy or calcium during moderate weight reduction both prevent loss of bone mineral density (BMD) and suppress bone turnover. The purpose of this study was to determine whether recommended dairy and calcium intakes during weight maintenance favorably affect total body BMD (TBBMD) and bone mineral content (TBBMC) in obese adults. METHODS: Obese men (n=49) and women (n=64), aged 40.8+/‐0.6 years, underwent 12 weeks of moderate energy restriction (approximately 1200 kcal/day) followed by 24 weeks on either a low or recommended dairy weight maintenance diet. The TBBMC and TBBMD values were measured using dual energy X‐ray absorptiometry at baseline, 12, 24 and 36 weeks. Concentrations of calcium, intact parathyroid hormone (iPTH), 25OH and 1,25 (OH)(2) vitamin D in plasma were also measured. Data were analyzed using a two‐factor repeated measures analysis of variance. RESULTS: After weight loss, women exhibited a small, but statistically significant, increase in TBBMC (1.17+/‐0.57%), whereas TBBMD increased in the men (1.34+/‐0.28%). The iPTH concentration decreased significantly in all subjects. Despite significantly greater intakes of calcium, vitamin D and protein compared with the recommended dairy diet, there were no treatment‐related differences in outcome variables after 24 weeks of weight maintenance. The TBBMC remained unchanged in women during weight stabilization$$$ both TBBMC and TBBMD decreased in men (‐1.59+/‐0.51% and ‐0.70+/‐0.25%, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: In summary, results of this study do not provide convincing evidence that moderate weight loss through energy restriction and mild exercise reduces TBBMC in obese men and women. Similarly, a weight‐maintenance diet providing the recommended daily servings of dairy does not seem to affect changes in BMC after weight loss.
Metabolic responses to high carbohydrate breakfasts in obese patients with impaired glucose tolerance. Comparison of meals containing dairy products and fruits versus bread$$$ Carbohydrate (CHO) enriched diets can improve glucose tolerance in healthy subjects but have controversial effects in NIDDM patients. Their effects on glucose metabolism are not clearly established in obese patients with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and might depend on their glycemic index (GI). For that reason, we compared the metabolic responses to 2 isocaloric CHO rich breakfasts with either a low GI (LGI) or a high GI (HGI) in 10 lean healthy controls (group I) and in 9 obese subjects with IGT (group II). The LGI breakfast contained dairy products and fruits while the HGI breakfast was rich in bread. The 2 breakfasts were allocated in a random order and the metabolic and hormonal responses were evaluated both over the post‐prandial periods of the breakfast and of the following lunch. Blood glucose concentrations were continuously monitored. Plasma insulin and counter regulatory hormones were measured every 30 min for 360 min. Nutrient oxidation rates were calculated from respiratory exchange data obtained for 60 min in the pre and post‐prandial periods. Blood glucose responses and metabolic responses in terms of oxygen consumption and CO2 production were similar in the two groups after a LGI breakfast but became different after the HGI breakfast. In the two groups taken as a whole, changes in CHO oxidation rates observed for I hour following the meal, were negatively correlated with the corresponding incremental areas of plasma glucose, this effect being more marked in obese patients with IGT. Such a limitation in CHO oxidation following a HGI CHO load could impair the glycogen cycle and favour fat synthesis. Consequently, breakfasts rich in dairy products and fruits are more recommended in obesity with IGT than breakfasts rich in bread.
Supplementation with dairy calcium and/or flaxseed fibers in conjunction with orlistat augments fecal fat excretion without altering ratings of gastrointestinal comfort$$$ Background: Orlistat is a lipase inhibitor which reduced absorption of dietary fat by 30% thereby inducing a weight loss$$$ however, side effects occur as a consequence of increased colonic fat content. To test the hypothesis that most gastrointestinal side events induced by treatment with orlistat could be prevented/ameliorated by concomitant use of natural dietary components, flaxseed fiber (FF) and/or dairy calcium (Ca), binding liquid fats to more solid complexes. Methods: A randomized controlled dietary intervention study. Thirty‐eight obese adults completed a 1‐week run‐in period, where all participants were treated with orlistat (60 mg t.i.d) and were hereafter randomized to 12 weeks dietary supplementation with/without 5 g FF (FF+/FF‐) and/or 1200 mg dairy calcium (Ca+/Ca‐) in conjunction with orlistat. All feces were collected for 3 days, and diet was recorded for 5 days, during run‐in and week 4. The primary end‐point, gastrointestinal symptoms, was assessed biweekly. At baseline and after 12 weeks, cardiometabolic risk markers and anthropometrics were evaluated as secondary end‐points. Results: Both FF and Ca increased fecal fat excretion (P = 0.02 and P = 0.04, respectively). Although fecal fat excretion increased by 100% in the FF+/Ca + group, and only by 12% in the FF‐/Ca + group, no interaction between FF and Ca was present, suggesting an additive effect. The fecal fat excretion was 10 g/d higher with FF and Ca ( 25 g/d) compared to fecal fat excretion with orlistat alone ( 15 g/d). Mean ratings of severity of diarrhea tended to increase with Ca (P = 0.03) but not with FF. No other gastrointestinal symptoms, or a composite score of symptoms, were affected by the dietary supplements. Body weight was reduced in all groups but did not differ between groups, whereas waist circumference was most reduced in the FF+/Ca + group. No effects of dietary supplements on cardiometabolic risk factors were observed, except a slight increase in diastolic blood pressure (P = 0.03) with FF, but not Ca. Conclusions: Our results do not support an improvement in orlistat‐induced gastrointestinal side effects by concomitant use of FF and Ca. However, fecal fat excretion was increased with both FF and Ca in the absence of a worsening of symptoms, warranting further studies powered to detect potential additive weight loss effects. Trial registration: Ethical Committee of the Capital Region of Denmark reg. no. H‐1‐2010‐110, 02‐11‐2010 database no. NCT01320228 , 21‐03‐2011.
A Paleolithic-type diet results in iodine deficiency: a 2-year randomized trial in postmenopausal obese women$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Different diets are used for weight loss. A Paleolithic‐type diet (PD) has beneficial metabolic effects, but two of the largest iodine sources, table salt and dairy products, are excluded. The objectives of this study were to compare 24‐h urinary iodine concentration (24‐UIC) in subjects on PD with 24‐UIC in subjects on a diet according to the Nordic Nutrition Recommendations (NNR) and to study if PD results in a higher risk of developing iodine deficiency (ID), than NNR diet. SUBJECTS/METHODS: A 2‐year prospective randomized trial in a tertiary referral center where healthy postmenopausal overweight or obese women were randomized to either PD (n=35) or NNR diet (n=35). Dietary iodine intake, 24‐UIC, 24‐h urinary iodine excretion (24‐UIE), free thyroxin (FT4), free triiodothyronine (FT3) and thyrotropin (TSH) were measured at baseline, 6 and 24 months. Completeness of urine sampling was monitored by para‐aminobenzoic acid and salt intake by urinary sodium. RESULTS: At baseline, median 24‐UIC (71.0 μg/l) and 24‐UIE (134.0 μg/d) were similar in the PD and NNR groups. After 6 months, 24‐UIC had decreased to 36.0 μg/l (P=0.001) and 24‐UIE to 77.0 μg/d (P=0.001) in the PD group$$$ in the NNR group, levels were unaltered. FT4, TSH and FT3 were similar in both groups, except for FT3 at 6 months being lower in PD than in NNR group. CONCLUSIONS: A PD results in a higher risk of developing ID, than a diet according to the NNR. Therefore, we suggest iodine supplementation should be considered when on a PD.
The Nutrition Health Alliance (NutriHeAl) Study: a Randomized, Controlled, Nutritional Intervention Based on Mediterranean Diet in Greek Municipalities$$$ Objective: The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of Mediterranean diet on weight loss in a large population in a municipality setting.Methods: A 6‐month nutritional intervention was implemented in 50 randomly selected municipalities in Greece. In each municipality, approximately 180 overweight or obese patients were recruited and randomly assigned to an intervention group (n = 4500) or to a control group (n = 4500)$$$ 1816 and 2210 patients, respectively, completed the study. At baseline, the intervention group attended a 20‐minute session where they received recommendations to follow a personalized, slightly hypocaloric, Mediterranean‐type diet. The diet was adjusted every 2 weeks. The control group was provided with a leaflet on healthy nutrition and Mediterranean diet. Adherence to Mediterranean diet was evaluated with the Mediterranean diet score (MedDietScore).Results: Subjects in the intervention group were less frequently males and current smokers, had higher body mass index, and followed a healthier diet at baseline than subjects in the control group. In the intervention group, weight, waist circumference, and body fat percentage decreased. In the control group, weight and waist circumference increased. In the intervention group, 48.8% of subjects lost > 5% of body weight compared with 4.2% in the control group (p < 0.001). The MedDietScore increased in the intervention group and did not change in the control group. Independent predictors of loss > 5% of body weight were the decrease in intake of full‐fat dairy products and alcohol and the increase in intake of vegetables, in MedDietScore, in walking and in consuming breakfast.Conclusions: Lifestyle change programs focusing on the adoption of Mediterranean diet with frequent monitoring can be implemented successfully in everyday clinical practice. However, retention rates in such programs need to be improved.
Efficacy of a lipolytic cream in an overweight and obesity treatment$$$ Objective. To evaluate the coadyouvant efficacy of a combination of cosmetics ingredients in the form of a lipolytic cream with hypocaloric diet and physical activity and compared with hypocaloric diet and physical activity for overweight and obesity treatment in patients. Material and methods. It was conducted a monocentric, open‐label, randomized study of parallel groups of 102 patients that consulted in a medical‐clinical nutrition center for overweight and obesity treatment. Height, arm, waist, hip and thigh perimeters and the analysis of segmental body composition with an impedance team were studied in patients between 18 and 99 years, of both sexes with voluntary attendance and with presence of overweight or obesity during a period of 16 consecutive weeks. The data were statistically analyzed by comparing the initial and final values of all the values in both groups. Safety was monitored by the incidence of adverse events. A value of p<0.001 was considered as statistical significance. Results. Of the total of 102 patients, the inclusion and exclusion criteria were applied$$$ 45 and 47 cases are included and analyzed respectively. The age ranges between 39.16 vs 42.09 years (p = 0.246)$$$ initial weight 85.9 kg vs 85.08 kg (p = 0.810)$$$ perimeters: initial waist of 100.4cm vs 99.7cm (p = 0.826)$$$ initial arm of 32.9cm vs 33.4cm (p = 0.453)$$$ initial hip: 108.6cm vs 107.7 (p = 0.666). Final weight 82.6 kg vs 78.7 kg (p = 0.227)$$$ perimeters: final waist of 94.9 cm vs 90.9 cm (p = 0.144)$$$ final arm of 31.8 cm vs 31.4 cm (p = 0.453)$$$ final hip: 106.7 cm vs 102, 1 (p = 0.074). There was no report of unwanted side effects with the use of lipolytic cream, presented good acceptability. Patients with lipolytic cream as adjuvant in the treatment of overweight or obesity lose greater BMI, greater percentage of weight and greater percentage of fat (p <0.001). Conclusion. Patients with lipolytic cream as adjuvant in the treatment of overweight or obesity lose greater BMI, greater percentage of weight and greater percentage of fat.
Efficacy of a lipolytic cream in an overweight and obesity treatment$$$ Objective. To evaluate the coadyouvant efficacy of a combination of cosmetics ingredients in the form of a lipolytic cream with hypocaloric diet and physical activity and compared with hypocaloric diet and physical activity for overweight and obesity treatment in patients. Material and methods. It was conducted a monocentric, open‐label, randomized study of parallel groups of 102 patients that consulted in a medical‐clinical nutrition center for overweight and obesity treatment. Height, arm, waist, hip and thigh perimeters and the analysis of segmental body composition with an impedance team were studied in patients between 18 and 99 years, of both sexes with voluntary attendance and with presence of overweight or obesity during a period of 16 consecutive weeks. The data were statistically analyzed by comparing the initial and final values of all the values in both groups. Safety was monitored by the incidence of adverse events. A value of p<0.001 was considered as statistical significance. Results. Of the total of 102 patients, the inclusion and exclusion criteria were applied$$$ 45 and 47 cases are included and analyzed respectively. The age ranges between 39.16 vs 42.09 years (p = 0.246)$$$ initial weight 85.9 kg vs 85.08 kg (p = 0.810)$$$ perimeters: initial waist of 100.4cm vs 99.7cm (p = 0.826)$$$ initial arm of 32.9cm vs 33.4cm (p = 0.453)$$$ initial hip: 108.6cm vs 107.7 (p = 0.666). Final weight 82.6 kg vs 78.7 kg (p = 0.227)$$$ perimeters: final waist of 94.9 cm vs 90.9 cm (p = 0.144)$$$ final arm of 31.8 cm vs 31.4 cm (p = 0.453)$$$ final hip: 106.7 cm vs 102, 1 (p = 0.074). There was no report of unwanted side effects with the use of lipolytic cream, presented good acceptability. Patients with lipolytic cream as adjuvant in the treatment of overweight or obesity lose greater BMI, greater percentage of weight and greater percentage of fat (p <0.001). Conclusion. Patients with lipolytic cream as adjuvant in the treatment of overweight or obesity lose greater BMI, greater percentage of weight and greater percentage of fat.
Rationale and Design for a Higher (Dairy) Protein Weight Loss Intervention That Promotes Muscle Quality and Bone Health in Older Adults with Obesity: a Randomized, Controlled Pilot Study$$$ In contrast to recommendations for young and middle‐aged adults, intentional weight loss among older adults remains controversial and is inconsistently advised. Recent research suggests that a higher protein diet can mitigate loss of lean mass during periods of intentional weight loss among older adults with obesity$$$ however, the effects of intentional weight loss on skeletal muscle and bone are not fully understood. The Dairy in the Diet Yields New Approaches for Muscle Optimization (DDYNAMO) trial is a 6‐month, randomized, controlled pilot study assessing the effects of combining regular, generous intakes of high quality protein (30 g/meal$$$ primarily from dairy) with caloric restriction (‐500kcal/d) and low‐intensity resistance exercise (30 min/3 times per week) on muscle quality, muscle composition, bone mineral density in men and women aged ≥60 years with obesity and mild to moderate functional impairment (Short Physical Performance Battery [SPPB] score ≥4 to ≤10). Participants will be re‐assessed at 18 months to evaluate weight maintenance, bone mineral density, physical function, and other secondary measures. ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT02437643.
Dairy products do not lead to alterations in body weight or fat mass in young women in a 1-y intervention$$$ BACKGROUND: Previous results suggested that increased intake of dairy calcium is associated with reduced weight and fat mass. OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to determine whether long‐term increases in consumption of dairy calcium alter body weight and fat mass in young, healthy women. DESIGN: We used a randomized, 1‐y intervention for dairy calcium. Subjects were 155 young (aged 18‐30 y), healthy, normal‐weight women with intake of dietary calcium < 800 mg/d and energy intake </= 2200 kcal/d. Women were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 groups: 1) control: continue established dietary intake$$$ 2) medium dairy: substitute dairy products to achieve intake of calcium of approximately 1000‐1100 mg/d and maintain isocaloric intake$$$ 3) high dairy: substitute dairy products to achieve intake of calcium of 1300‐1400 mg/d and maintain isocaloric intake. The main outcome measures were 1‐y changes in body weight (in kg) and fat mass (in kg). One hundred thirty‐five women completed the trial. RESULTS: Mean intakes of calcium during the intervention were 742.4 +/‐ 321.5, 1026.4 +/‐ 311.3, and 1131.29 +/‐ 337.2 mg/d for the control, medium‐dairy, and high‐dairy groups, respectively (P < 0.0001). No significant differences were observed in the mean 1‐y change in body weight between the control, medium‐dairy, and high‐dairy groups (0.8 +/‐ 2.8, 0.7 +/‐ 3.0, and 1.5 +/‐ 4.1 kg, respectively$$$ P = 0.45). No significant differences were observed in the mean 1‐y change in fat mass between the control, medium‐dairy, and high‐dairy groups (‐0.5 +/‐ 2.5, 0.3 +/‐ 2.7, and 0.5 +/‐ 3.5 kg, respectively$$$ P = 0.26). CONCLUSION: Increased intake of dairy products does not alter body weight or fat mass in young, healthy women over 1 y.
Dairy calcium intake and relationship to Bone Mineral Density BMD, Bone Mineral Content BMC and leptin in obese post-menopausal women$$$ Introduction: It has been reported that as women lose weight they may also lose bone mineral density (BMD) (g/cm2) and bone mineral content(BMC)(g). Objective: This study placed 56 obese postmenopausal women on a dairy calcium diet to reduce body weight while maintaining BMC and BMD during a 3 month intervention. Methods: The diet restricted subjects to a 1,400 kcal/d who were randomized to low calcium ∼800 mg/d or high calcium ∼1400 mg/d. At baseline subjects were 55.61±8.19 yrs.$$$ weight 86.87±7.25 (kg)$$$ BMI of 32.55±6.12 (kg/m2)$$$ BMC 58.83±12.88 (g)$$$ BMD 1.05± .16 (g/cm2)$$$ and leptin 30.16±10.12 n/ml. Differences after 3 months in weight, BMI, leptin, BMD and BMC were analyzed. Correlations were calculated between Leptin with BMD (g/cm2) and BMC (g) before and after intervention. Results: After the intervention there was a reduction in weight of ‐1.17±2.59 (kg), 95% CI:(‐2.43, ‐1.02) (p ≤ .001)$$$ BMI: ‐.720±1.01, 95% CI:(‐.995, ‐.444) (p ≤.001)$$$ leptin: ‐1.88±6.91, 95% CI:(‐3.73, ‐.032) (p‐value=0.045). The average change in BMC: .016±1.38, 95% CI of (‐.372, .404) (p=.935). BMD: .001±.020, 95% CI of (‐.005, .007) (p=.738). Leptin was not correlated with BMD and BMC$$$ .104 (p=.468) and .070 (p=.625) respectively. Conclusion: After the intervention there was significant reduction in weight, BMI, and leptin and no significant change in BMC and BMD. There was no correlation between leptin, BMC and BMD.
Comparison of the DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) diet and a higher-fat DASH diet on blood pressure and lipids and lipoproteins: a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: The DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) dietary pattern, which is high in fruit, vegetables, and low‐fat dairy foods, significantly lowers blood pressure as well as low‐density lipoprotein (LDL) and high‐density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol. OBJECTIVE: The study was designed to test the effects of substituting full‐fat for low‐fat dairy foods in the DASH diet, with a corresponding increase in fat and a reduction in sugar intake, on blood pressure and plasma lipids and lipoproteins. DESIGN: This was a 3‐period randomized crossover trial in free‐living healthy individuals who consumed in random order a control diet, a standard DASH diet, and a higher‐fat, lower‐carbohydrate modification of the DASH diet (HF‐DASH diet) for 3 wk each, separated by 2‐wk washout periods. Laboratory measurements, which included lipoprotein particle concentrations determined by ion mobility, were made at the end of each experimental diet. RESULTS: Thirty‐six participants completed all 3 dietary periods. Blood pressure was reduced similarly with the DASH and HF‐DASH diets compared with the control diet. The HF‐DASH diet significantly reduced triglycerides and large and medium very‐low‐density lipoprotein (VLDL) particle concentrations and increased LDL peak particle diameter compared with the DASH diet. The DASH diet, but not the HF‐DASH diet, significantly reduced LDL cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, apolipoprotein A‐I, intermediate‐density lipoprotein and large LDL particles, and LDL peak diameter compared with the control diet. CONCLUSIONS: The HF‐DASH diet lowered blood pressure to the same extent as the DASH diet but also reduced plasma triglyceride and VLDL concentrations without significantly increasing LDL cholesterol. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01404897.
Effects of dairy products on blood pressure, endothelial function, lipids and lipoproteins, and intracellular ion dynamics in Caucasian adults with stage 1 hypertension$$$ The aim of the study was to clarify the role of dairy products in blood pressure regulation via favorable alterations in intracellular ion balance, hormone systems, lipids and lipoproteins, and endothelial function. Using a randomized, 3‐period, cross‐over design, 23 volunteers (16 male and 7 female) with stage 1 hypertension received three experimental diets for 5 weeks each: an average American diet (AAD, 36% kcal total fat, 15% kcal saturated fat) serving as a control diet, a diet high in fruits and vegetables but low in dairy (DF&V, 30% kcal total fat, 7% kcal saturated fat), and a diet similar to F&V and D‐F&V diets elicited significantly greater decreases in SBP and DBP compared with the AAD (p d 0.05$$$ SBP: ‐7.0%, ‐9.7%, ‐.5%$$$ DBP: ‐5.7%, ‐7.7%, ‐7.6% for AAD, F&V, and D‐F&V diets). The D‐F&V diet significantly lowered intraerythrocyte calcium and 1,25‐dihydroxyvitamin D 3 (p < 0.0007) and significantly increased intraerythrocyte magnesium (p < 0.004) vs. the low calcium AAD and F&V diets. Subgroup analysis(n=18) revealed that only subjects who responded to the dairy‐rich diet by significantly reducing intraerythrocyte calcium exhibited significantly greater decreases in DBP on the D‐F&V (‐13.7 Â± 3.4, p < 0.0135). The D‐F&V diet was associated with lower VCAM‐1 vs. the F&V and AAD diets (p < 0.05). ICAM‐1 was significantly reduced by both the D‐F&V and F&V diets (p < 0.0571). E‐selectin, P‐selectin, and angiotensin II were significantly reduced following the D‐F&V diet vs. the control diet (p < 0.004). The D‐F&V and F&V diets elicited significantly greater reduction in total and LDL cholesterol than AAD (p's < 0.05), while the AAD was associated with high HDL cholesterol (p < 0.0049). These results suggest that the addition of dairy foods may alter vascular tone, via suppression of angiotensin II or normalization of intracellular ion balance$$$ however, due to the small sample size, caution is warranted in forming generalized conclusions.
Association between milk fat content consumed at child age 2 years and weight at age 3 years in low-income hispanic families$$$ Background: To reduce dietary fat intake and childhood obesity, the AAP and AHA recommend children ≥ 2 years consume skim or 1% milk rather than 2% or whole milk. While some studies have found that the consumption of low‐fat milk is associated with higher weight, many of these studies are cross‐sectional, and few have studied low‐income Latinx children, with highest risk for early childhood obesity. Objective: To assess how milk fat content consumed at age 2 years is related to weight at age 3 years in low‐income Latinx young children. Methods and Analysis: This is a secondary longitudinal analysis of data from Starting Early Program (StEP) randomized controlled obesity prevention trial. Independent variable: fat content of milk consumed at age 2 years, collected using 24‐hour diet recalls and survey items from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys, categorized as low fat (skim and 1% milk), reduced fat (2% milk and soy milk), or whole milk. Dependent variable: weight for age z‐score (WFAz), obtained from the medical records and calculated based on CDC 2000 growth charts. Children who consumed plant‐based milk (n=3) or toddler formula (n=9) were excluded. Unadjusted analysis of variance and multivariable linear regression (using whole milk as the reference group) controlling for confounding variables, were utilized to examine the relationship between the type of milk consumed at 2 years and WFAz at 3 years. Results: Two hundred sixty‐nine low‐income, Hispanic mother‐child pairs were included in this analysis$$$ 48% were male, 52% participated in the StEP intervention, and 86% participated in the Women Infant and Children (WIC) Program (Table 1). The mean WFAz was lower for toddlers who consumed whole milk at 2 years compared to those who consumed low fat or reduced fat milk (Table 2). In the unadjusted regression model, those who consumed reduced milk had significantly higher mean WFAz than those had whole milk (B=0.43, 95% CI 0.01‐0.84). After adjusting for confounders such as child sex, birth weight, and maternal BMI, reduced fat milk at 2 years no longer significantly associated with WFAz at 3 years. Conclusions: The fat content of milk consumed at 2 years was not significantly associated with child weight at age 3 years. These findings suggest consumption of low or reduced fat milk at age 2 years is not protective against weight gain for this group of low‐income Latinx children at high risk of obesity. Future studies would benefit from analyzing longitudinal data from toddlerhood into childhood, which we hope to do as the StEP trial continues to collect data on the study population.
Effect of probiotic supplementation on cognitive function and metabolic status in Alzheimer's disease: a randomized, double-blind and controlled trial$$$ Alzheimer's disease (AD) is associated with severe cognitive impairments as well as some metabolic defects. Scant studies in animal models indicate a link between probiotics and cognitive function. This randomized, double‐blind, and controlled clinical trial was conducted among 60 AD patients to assess the effects of probiotic supplementation on cognitive function and metabolic status. The patients were randomly divided into two groups (n = 30 in each group) treating with either milk (control group) or a mixture of probiotics (probiotic group). The probiotic supplemented group took 200 ml/day probiotic milk containing Lactobacillus acidophilus, Lactobacillus casei, Bifidobacterium bifidum, and Lactobacillus fermentum (2 × 109 CFU/g for each) for 12 weeks. Mini‐mental state examination (MMSE) score was recorded in all subjects before and after the treatment. Pre‐ and post‐treatment fasting blood samples were obtained to determine the related markers. After 12 weeks intervention, compared with the control group (‐5.03% ± 3.00), the probiotic treated (+27.90% ± 8.07) patients showed a significant improvement in the MMSE score (P < 0.001). In addition, changes in plasma malondialdehyde (‐22.01% ± 4.84 vs. +2.67% ± 3.86 μmol/L, P < 0.001), serum high‐sensitivity C‐reactive protein (‐17.61% ± 3.70 vs. +45.26% ± 3.50 μg/mL, P < 0.001), homeostasis model of assessment‐estimated insulin resistance (+28.84% ± 13.34 vs. +76.95% ± 24.60, P = 0.002), Beta cell function (+3.45% ± 10.91 vs. +75.62% ± 23.18, P = 0.001), serum triglycerides (‐20.29% ± 4.49 vs. ‐0.16% ± 5.24 mg/dL, P = 0.003), and quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (‐1.83 ± 1.26 vs. ‐4.66 ± 1.70, P = 0.006) in the probiotic group were significantly varied compared to the control group. We found that the probiotic treatment had no considerable effect on other biomarkers of oxidative stress and inflammation, fasting plasma glucose, and other lipid profiles. Overall, the current study demonstrated that probiotic consumption for 12 weeks positively affects cognitive function and some metabolic statuses in the AD patients.
Using Ice Cream for Diagnosis of Diabetes Mellitus and Impaired Glucose Tolerance: an Alternative to the Oral Glucose Tolerance Test$$$ BACKGROUND: Oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) is a sensitive and reliable test for diabetes mellitus and impaired glucose tolerance (IGT). However, poor patient tolerance of glucose solutions is common. We aim to compare the diagnostic value of an ice cream test with a standard OGTT. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A total of 104 healthy adults were randomly assigned to either 75‐g OGTT or ice cream, followed by a crossover to the other test. RESULTS: Most patients were females (71%). Mean age was 37 ± 12 years, and body mass index was 24.2 ± 3.9kg/m2. Diabetes mellitus and IGT, as diagnosed by 75‐g OGTT, were 4.8% and 6.7%, respectively. The 2‐hour plasma glucose levels were 110 ± 55.5mg/dL with 75‐g glucose and 97.52 ± 40.7mg/dL with ice cream. The correlation coefficient of 2‐hour plasma glucose for the 2 tests was 0.82 (95% CI: 0.75‐0.87$$$ P < 0.001). Discordant diagnostic results, based on 2‐hour plasma glucose levels, were 9.61%. By using a combination of fasting plasma glucose and 2‐hour plasma glucose values, the ice cream test would have missed 5.76% of those at high risk for diabetes mellitus (impaired fasting glucose and IGT) or diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: An ice cream test may serve as an alternative to a 75‐g OGTT. Before applying this test in clinical practice, it needs to be validated in a larger population.
Ingestion of different types of fat in the evening meal does not affect metabolic responses to a standard breakfast$$$ High‐fat diets produce insulin resistance, but it is not known how quickly changes become evident or whether different types of fat produce different responses. The aim of this study was to determine whether a high‐fat evening meal affected glucose response to a standard breakfast 12 h later. On six occasions eight weight‐stable subjects consumed a standard evening meal (109 g carbohydrate, 27 g protein, 6 g fat, and 10.6 g fiber) that was either unsupplemented or supplemented with 41 g fat (safflower oil, olive oil, butter, or medium‐chain triglyceride) or 75 g carbohydrate followed by a standard breakfast. Glucose, insulin, and free fatty acid responses were measured over 3 h. There were no differences in metabolic responses to the standard breakfast after the different evening meals, indicating that a single high‐fat meal has no deleterious effects on carbohydrate metabolism 12 h later, regardless of the type of fat ingested.
Comparing the effectiveness of three pain relief methods for inserting a needle into the implanted venous access chemoport: a randomized controlled trial$$$ AIMS: Effective methods for relieving pain in inserting a needle for chemotherapy in cancer patients have been studied. This study examined the pain relief effects during needle insertion into the implanted venous access chemoport by comparing three methods. METHODS: This randomized controlled trial included 120 cancer patients who were randomly assigned. The experimental groups received applications of lidocaine cream (n = 30), cryotherapy (n = 30) and cutaneous stimulation therapy (n = 30)$$$ the control group (n = 30) received routine care. Premeasurements and postmeasurements were evaluated using a visual analogue pain scale and nurses' careful observations of patients' pain behaviour checklists during needle insertion. RESULTS: Pain levels were reduced by all three interventions, with the level of relief depending on the type of application. All experimental groups showed significant reduction in pain compared with the control group. Lidocaine cream had the strongest effect, followed by cryotherapy and then cutaneous stimulation. CONCLUSION: Lidocaine cream, cryotherapy and cutaneous stimulation therapy all reduced cancer patients' pain levels during insertion of an implanted central venous access chemoport needle. Nurses can apply cryotherapy and cutaneous stimulation therapy independently to reduce the pain associated with this procedure. Future studies should consider using these methods to control for any individual differences that may exist.
Validation of Photograph-Based Toxicity Score for Topical 5-Fluorouracil Cream Application$$$ BACKGROUND: An objective tool quantifying the toxicity of 5‐fluorouracil (5‐FU) from photographs was recently reported, and its reliability was confirmed. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to validate the photograph‐based toxicity score. METHODS: Photograph‐based toxicity scores of participants assigned to the 5‐FU arm of a randomized placebo‐controlled trial were tested for correlations with their patient‐reported symptom scores and baseline characteristics. RESULTS: Each pair of individual and overall scores of patient‐reported symptoms and photograph‐based toxicity was correlated at 2 and 4 weeks (correlation coefficient range, 0.34‐0.95$$$ P < .001 for all). Older age, more actinic keratoses, previous topical 5‐FU use, and more keratinocyte carcinomas on the face and ears in the previous 5 years were correlated with increased 5‐FU toxicity at 2 weeks (P < .05). An increase in the total number of 5‐FU applications during the trial was correlated with less severe toxicity at 2 weeks (P < .001), but with increased toxicity at 4 weeks (P < .001). CONCLUSION: This study provides evidence for construct validity of the photograph‐based 5‐FU toxicity score. The tool can be used to objectively measure 5‐FU toxicity in clinical or research setting, and it can be a prototype for toxicity measurements of other topical medications.
Topical use of a silymarin-based preparation to prevent radiodermatitis : results of a prospective study in breast cancer patients$$$ PURPOSE: More than 80% of patients with breast cancer undergoing postsurgical radiotherapy (RT) will develop radiodermatitis and approximately 10% of these patients show grade 3 lesions. Side effects may reduce the patient's compliance and can be limiting factors to follow RT protocols. Therefore, there is a high need for more effective prophylactic treatments. In this study, a silymarin‐based cream (Leviaderm(®)) was tested in comparison to our standard of care (SOC) at the involved site. METHODS: A total of 101 patients were evaluated after breast‐conserving surgery followed by RT with 50.4 Gy plus boost 9‐16 Gy. Of these, 51 patients were treated with the silymarin‐based cream. In addition, 50 patients were documented receiving a panthenol‐containing cream interventionally, if local skin lesions occurred. The acute skin reactions were classified according to the RTOG and VAS (Visual Analogue Scale) scores. RESULTS: The median time to toxicity was prolonged significantly with silymarin‐based cream (45 vs. 29 days (SOC), p < 0.0001). Only 9.8% of patients using silymarin‐based cream showed grade 2 toxicity in week 5 of RT in comparison to 52% with SOC. At the end of RT, 23.5% of patients in the silymarin‐based study group developed no skin reactions vs. 2% with SOC, while grade 3 toxicity occurred only in 2% in the silymarin‐based arm compared to 28% (SOC). CONCLUSIONS: Silymarin‐based cream Leviaderm(®) may be a promising and effective treatment for the prevention of acute skin lesions caused by RT of breast cancer patients. To confirm the results of this nonrandomized, observational trial, this component should be tested in larger multicenter studies in this setting.
A Phase III study on the efficacy of topical aloe vera gel on irradiated breast tissue$$$ The aim of the study was to see if topical aloe vera gel would be beneficial in reducing the identified skin side‐effects of radiation therapy, including erythema, pain, itching, dry desquamation, and moist desquamation, when compared with aqueous cream. The secondary aim was to assess the effect of other factors known to predict severity of radiation skin reaction, ie, breast size, smoking habit, and one or more drainages of lymphocele after surgery, on other skin side effects. A Phase III study was conducted involving 225 patients with breast cancer after lumpectomy or partial mastectomy, who required a course of radiation therapy using tangential fields. Patients were randomized to either topical aloe vera gel or topical aqueous cream to be applied 3 times per day throughout and for 2 weeks after completion of radiation treatment. Weekly skin assessments were performed by nursing staff. Aqueous cream was significantly better than aloe vera gel in reducing dry desquamation and pain related to treatment. Subjects with D cup or larger size breasts experienced significantly more erythema, regardless of treatment arm. For subjects who had undergone lymphocele drainage, the aloe vera group experienced significantly more pain than the aqueous cream group. Within the aqueous cream arm, smokers were significantly more likely to experience itching within the treatment field than were nonsmokers. Within the aloe vera arm, subjects who had undergone one or more lymphocele drainages after surgery were significantly more likely to experience erythema and itching within the treatment field than those who did not have drainage. In this study, aloe vera gel did not significantly reduce radiation‐induced skin side effects. Aqueous cream was useful in reducing dry desquamation and pain related to radiation therapy.
A phase I trial of topical topitriol (calcitriol, 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3) to prevent chemotherapy-induced alopecia$$$ This study evaluated the toxicity and efficacy of topical topitriol (calcitriol, 1,25‐dihydroxyvitamin D3) to prevent chemotherapy‐induced alopecia (CIA). Patients with breast cancer scheduled to receive FAC chemotherapy (5‐fluorouracil, adriamycin and cyclophosphamide) were eligible for the study. Initially, the first six patients were randomized in a double‐blind fashion to have received topitriol or placebo with all subsequent patients being treated with topitriol. Topitriol cream (0.0025 or 0.005%$$$ 25 and 50 microg/g concentration) was administered topically twice a day. Three different doses and schedules of administration were evaluated including: 500 and 1000 microg daily for 7 days prior to chemotherapy, and 2000 microg daily for 5 days prior and 5 days post‐chemotherapy. Fourteen patients were treated (12 with topitriol and two with placebo) at three different dose levels. All patients developed grade 2 alopecia between day 20 and 30 after chemotherapy, demonstrating the lack of efficacy of topical topitriol on this schedule of administration to prevent CIA. Eight patients exposed to topitriol developed a toxic maculopapular dermatitis in areas exposed to the drug. In conclusion, topical topitriol at the doses and schedules evaluated in this trial was ineffective to prevent CIA and induced a local dermatitis in areas exposed to the drug.
Treatment of palmar-plantar erythrodysesthesia (PPE) with topical sildenafil: a pilot study$$$ PURPOSE: Palmar‐plantar erythrodysesthesia (PPE) is a common chemotherapy and anti‐VEGF multi‐kinase inhibitor class‐related toxicity that often results in debilitating skin changes and often limits the use of active anti‐cancer regimens. Mechanistic and anecdotal clinical evidence suggested that topical application of sildenafil cream may help reduce the severity of PPE. Therefore, we conducted a randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled pilot study to evaluate the feasibility, safety and efficacy of topical sildenafil cream for the treatment of PPE. METHODS: Eligible subjects were required to have grade 1‐3 PPE associated with either capecitabine or sunitinib. Subjects were randomized to receive 1 % topical sildenafil cream to the left extremities or right extremities and placebo cream on the opposite extremity. Two times per day, 0.5 mL of cream was applied to each affected hand/foot. The primary endpoint was improvement in PPE grading at any point on study. Clinical assessments were evaluated by NCI‐CTC 4.0 grading and patient self‐reported pain. RESULTS: Ten subjects were enrolled, nine were evaluable for safety and efficacy. Five of nine subjects reported some improvement in foot pain and three of eight subjects for hand pain improvement. One of these subjects noted specific improvement in tactile function. No treatment‐related toxicities were observed. CONCLUSIONS: In this limited, single‐center study, topical cream containing 1 % sildenafil is feasible to administer, is well‐tolerated, and may mitigate PPE‐related symptoms due to anti‐cancer therapeutic agents. Further validation is necessary.
Natural oil-based emulsion containing allantoin versus aqueous cream for managing radiation-induced skin reactions in patients with cancer: a phase 3, double-blind, randomized, controlled trial$$$ Purpose: To investigate the effects of a natural oil‐based emulsion containing allantoin versus aqueous cream for preventing and managing radiation‐induced skin reactions. Methods and Materials: A total of 174 patients were randomized and participated in the study. Patients received either cream 1 (the natural oil‐based emulsion containing allantoin) or cream 2 (aqueous cream). Skin toxicity, pain, itching, and skin‐related quality of life scores were collected for up to 4 weeks after radiation treatment. Results: Patients who received cream 1 had a significantly lower average level of Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events at week 3 (P<.05) but had statistically higher average levels of skin toxicity at weeks 7, 8, and 9 (all P<.001). Similar results were observed when skin toxicity was analyzed by grades. With regards to pain, patients in the cream 2 group had a significantly higher average level of worst pain (P<.05) and itching (P=.046) compared with the cream 1 group at week 3$$$ however, these differences were not observed at other weeks. In addition, there was a strong trend for cream 2 to reduce the incidence of grade 2 or more skin toxicity in comparison with cream 1 (P=.056). Overall, more participants in the cream 1 group were required to use another topical treatment at weeks 8 (P=.049) and 9 (P=.01). Conclusion: The natural oil‐based emulsion containing allantoin seems to have similar effects for managing skin toxicity compared with aqueous cream up to week 5$$$ however, it becomes significantly less effective at later weeks into the radiation treatment and beyond treatment completion (week 6 and beyond). There were no major differences in pain, itching, and skin‐related quality of life. In light of these results, clinicians and patients can base their decision on costs and preferences. Overall, aqueous cream seems to be a more preferred option.
A single-arm clinical trial investigating the effectiveness of a non-hormonal, hyaluronic acid-based vaginal moisturizer in endometrial cancer survivors$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess the efficacy of non‐hormonal, hyaluronic acid (HLA)‐based vaginal gel in improving vulvovaginal estrogen‐deprivation symptoms in women with a history of endometrial cancer. METHODS: For this single‐arm, prospective, longitudinal trial, we enrolled disease‐free women with a history of endometrial cancer who underwent surgery (total hysterectomy) and postoperative radiation. Participants used HLA daily for the first 2 weeks, and then 3×/week until weeks 12‐14$$$ dosage was then increased to 5×/week for non‐responders. Vulvovaginal symptoms and pH were assessed at 4 time points (baseline [T1]$$$ 4‐6 weeks [T2]$$$ 12‐14 weeks [T3]$$$ 22‐24 weeks [T4]) with clinical evaluation, the Vaginal Assessment Scale (VAS), Vulvar Assessment Scale (VuAS), Female Sexual Function Index (FSFI), and Menopausal Symptom Checklist (MSCL). RESULTS: Of 43 patients, mean age was 59 years (range, 38‐78)$$$ 54% (23/43) were partnered$$$ and 49% (21/43) were sexually active. VAS, VuAS, MSCL, and SAQ (Sexual Activity Questionnaire) scores significantly improved from baseline to each assessment point (all p < .002). FSFI total mean scores significantly increased from T1 to T2 (p < .05) and from T1 to T4 (p < .03). At T1, 41% (16/39) felt confident about future sexual activity compared to 68% (17/25) at T4 (p = .096). Severely elevated vaginal pH (>6.5) decreased from 30% (13/43) at T1 to 19% (5/26) at T4 (p = .41). CONCLUSION: The HLA‐based gel improved vulvovaginal health and sexual function of endometrial cancer survivors in perceived symptoms and clinical exam outcomes. HLA administration 1‐2×/week is recommended for women in natural menopause$$$ a 3‐5×/week schedule appears more effective for symptom relief in cancer survivors.
Trial of a topically administered local anesthetic (EMLA cream) for pain relief during central venous port accesses in children with cancer$$$ Procedure‐related pain is a significant problem for many children receiving cytotoxic chemotherapy. In an effort to lessen this toxicity, we studied the efficacy and safety of administering topical local anesthesia using EMLA cream in 47 evaluable children with cancer undergoing implanted central venous port injections. Children (< 21 years old) scheduled to undergo repeated venous access procedures were selected for study. A placebo‐controlled, randomized, double‐blind, crossover study design was utilized. Statistically significant decreases in pain intensity scores (P < 0.002) were recorded by both children and investigators during the use of EMLA cream as compared with placebo. There was a good correlation between pain scores recorded by both patients and health care providers using both visual analog scales and categorized pain measurement tools. The topical application of EMLA cream 5% provides highly effective superficial anesthesia, and promises to be extremely useful for pain relief during percutaneous access procedures in cancer patients.
Efficacy of topical Calendula officinalis on prevalence of radiation-induced dermatitis: a randomised controlled trial$$$ Objectives: A randomised controlled trial was undertaken to compare the efficacy of topical Calendula officinalis (Calendula) versus standard of care (Sorbolene: 10% glycerine in cetomacragol cream) in reducing the prevalence of radiation‐induced dermatitis in women undergoing breast cancer radiotherapy. Methods: A total of 271 women were screened and 82 were randomised. The primary outcome was prevalence of acute radiation‐induced dermatitis (RTOG grade 2+) assessed at multiple skin sites. A chi‐squared test was conducted for the primary outcome with a worst‐case scenario imputation. Results: The recruitment target (n = 178) was not achieved. A total of n = 81 participants were analysed (n = 40 Calendula$$$ n = 41 Sorbolene). There was no detectable difference in prevalence of radiation‐induced dermatitis grade 2+ between the Calendula (53%) and Sorbolene (62%) groups (primary analysis OR = 0.87, 95% CI: [0.36, 2.09], P = 0.92$$$ covariate adjusted complete case analysis OR 0.40, 95% CI: [0.13, 1.20], P = 0.10). Conclusion: This randomised controlled trial showed no difference between Calendula and standard of care (Sorbolene) for the prevention of radiation‐induced dermatitis. However, the study was underpowered (limited recruitment) for the primary comparison.
Topical Ectoin Versus Topical Dexpanthenol for Managing Acute Radiodermatitis Associated With Breast Cancer Radiotherapy: a Randomized Double-Blind Study$$$ Background: Radiodermatitis is a common side effect of breast cancer radiotherapy$$$ however, there is no current consensus regarding an effective standard therapy. Objective: To evaluate the efficacy of topical ectoin versus dexpanthenol in the management of acute radiodermatitis after breast cancer radiotherapy. Methods: Fifty patients randomly used dexpanthenol 5% cream (25 patients), or ectoin 7% cream (25 patients), applied twice daily to the irradiated area during and for 2 weeks after radiotherapy. The study was stratified by the radiotherapy schedule and was double‐blind. Radiodermatitis grade, radiation‐associated symptoms, and adverse events were assessed weekly during radiotherapy and 2 weeks thereafter. Skin‐related quality of life (QOL) scores were measured using the Skindex‐16 questionnaire. Results: Both agents were effective in preventing severe radiodermatitis (≥G3). Ectoin had a lower radiodermatitis grade level than dexpanthenol, with a significant difference at week 2 (P = 0.008). Radiation‐associated pain (P = 0.003) and itching (P = 0.001) were lower with ectoin than dexpanthenol. Side effects were not significantly different between the 2 treatments (P = 0.107). Ectoin showed less QOL impairment than dexpanthenol. The radiation schedule was an independent predictor for radiodermatitis persistence. Conclusion: Ectoin showed some clinical benefit over dexpanthenol in improving radiation dermatitis and the radiation schedule is a predictor of radiodermatitis persistence.
Immunomodulation by imiquimod in patients with high-risk primary melanoma$$$ Imiquimod is a synthetic Toll‐like receptor 7 (TLR7) agonist approved for the topical treatment of actinic keratoses, superficial basal cell carcinoma, and genital warts. Imiquimod leads to an 80‐100% cure rate of lentigo maligna$$$ however, studies of invasive melanoma are lacking. We conducted a pilot study to characterize the local, regional, and systemic immune responses induced by imiquimod in patients with high‐risk melanoma. After treatment of the primary melanoma biopsy site with placebo or imiquimod cream, we measured immune responses in the treated skin, sentinel lymph nodes (SLNs), and peripheral blood. Treatment of primary melanomas with 5% imiquimod cream was associated with an increase in both CD4+ and CD8+ T cells in the skin, and CD4+ T cells in the SLN. Most of the CD8+ T cells in the skin were CD25 negative. We could not detect any increases in CD8+ T cells specifically recognizing HLA‐A(*)0201‐restricted melanoma epitopes in the peripheral blood. The findings from this small pilot study demonstrate that topical imiquimod treatment results in enhanced local and regional T‐cell numbers in both the skin and SLN. Further research into TLR7 immunomodulating pathways as a basis for effective immunotherapy against melanoma in conjunction with surgery is warranted.
Silver clear nylon dressing is effective in preventing radiation-induced dermatitis in patients with lower gastrointestinal cancer: results from a phase III study$$$ PURPOSE: For patients with anal canal and advanced rectal cancer, chemoradiation therapy is a curative modality or an important adjunct to surgery. Nearly all patients treated with chemoradiation experience some degree of radiation‐induced dermatitis (RID). Prevention and effective treatment of RID, therefore, is of considerable clinical relevance. The present phase III randomized trial compared the efficacy of silver clear nylon dressing (SCND) with that of standard skin care for these patients. METHODS AND MATERIALS: A total of 42 rectal or anal canal cancer patients were randomized to either a SCND or standard skin care group. SCND was applied from Day 1 of radiation therapy (RT) until 2 weeks after treatment completion. In the control arm, sulfadiazine cream was applied at the time of skin dermatitis. Printed digital photographs taken 2 weeks prior to, on the last day, and two weeks after the treatment completion were scored by 10 blinded readers, who used the common toxicity scoring system for skin dermatitis. RESULTS: The radiation dose ranged from 50.4 to 59.4 Gy, and there were no differences between the 2 groups. On the last day of RT, when the most severe RID occurs, the mean dermatitis score was 2.53 (standard deviation [SD], 1.17) for the standard and 1.67 (SD, 1.2$$$ P=.01) for the SCND arm. At 2 weeks after RT, the difference was 0.39 points in favor of SCND (P=.39). There was considerable intraclass correlation among the 10 observers. CONCLUSIONS: Silver clear nylon dressing is effective in reducing RID in patients with lower gastrointestinal cancer treated with combined chemotherapy and radiation treatment.
Dermatitis during radiation for vulvar carcinoma: prevention and treatment with granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor impregnated gauze$$$ The aim of this study was to determine the effectiveness of granulocyte‐macrophage colony‐stimulating factor (GM‐CSF) impregnated gauze in preventing or healing radiation‐induced dermatitis. Sixty‐one patients were irradiated for vulvar carcinoma. Thirty‐seven applied steroid cream at irradiated areas throughout radiotherapy (Group A) and 24 patients applied additionally GM‐CSF impregnated gauze (40 micrcog/cm2 of skin‐irradiated area, twice per day) in addition to the steroid cream, after 20 Gy of irradiation (Group B). The score of skin reactions (P=0.008, chi2 test) and the time interval of radiotherapy interruption (P=0.037, Mann‐Whitney U test) were statistically significantly reduced in Group B patients. Multivariate analysis of variance showed for this group not only a significant reduction in the Sum of Gross Dermatitis Scoring (P<0.001, adjusted for Duration of Dermatitis) but also a significant reduction of the healing time (P=0.02, adjusted for Sum of Gross Dermatitis Scoring). The pain grading was less (P=0.014, chi2 test) and pain reduction was noticed sooner after the application of GM‐CSF impregnated gauze (P=0.0017, Mann‐Whitney U test). Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that the only significant effect on dermatitis score is due to Body Mass Index (P=0.034) and the application of GM‐CSF (P=0.008). GM‐CSF impregnated gauze can be effective in preventing and healing radiation‐induced dermatitis and in reducing the interruption intervals of radiotherapy for vulvar carcinomas.
Butter and walnuts, but not olive oil, elicit postprandial activation of nuclear transcription factor kappaB in peripheral blood mononuclear cells from healthy men$$$ BACKGROUND: Nuclear transcription factor kappaB (NF‐kappaB) plays an important role in atherosclerosis by modulating gene expression. Postprandial lipemia has been correlated with an increase in NF‐kappaB activation in vascular cells and it is associated with an increase in postprandial triacylglycerol‐rich lipoproteins, which are involved in the development of atherosclerotic plaque. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to determine the effect of the intakes of 3 different foods with different fat compositions on the postprandial activation of monocyte NF‐kappaB. DESIGN: Eight healthy men followed a 4‐wk baseline diet and then consumed 3 fat‐load meals consisting of 1 g fat/kg body wt (65% fat) according to a randomized crossover design. Each meal had a different fatty acid composition, and the consumption of each meal was separated by 1 wk. The compositions of the 3 test meals were as follows: olive oil meal [22% saturated fatty acids (SFAs), 38% monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs), 4% polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), and 0.7% alpha‐linolenic acid], butter meal (38% SFAs, 22% MUFAs, 4% PUFAs, and 0.7% alpha‐linolenic acid), and walnut meal (20% SFAs, 24% MUFAs, 16% PUFAs, and 4% alpha‐linolenic acid). RESULTS: Ingestion of the olive oil meal did not elicit NF‐kappaB activation compared with ingestion of either the butter meal at 3 h (P <0.05) or the walnut meal at 9 h (P <0.05). There was no significant difference in the postprandial triacylglycerol response between the 3 meals. CONCLUSIONS: Consumption of an olive oil‐enriched meal does not activate NF‐kappaB in monocytes as do butter and walnut‐enriched meals. This effect could enhance the cardioprotective effect of olive oil‐enriched diets.
Sunscreen use and skin protection behavior on the Belgian beach$$$ Background: Public health campaigns encourage the public to protect themselves against skin cancer by using sunscreens and taking other protective measures. However, it is difficult to estimate the level of awareness among the general public. Methods: This study explores the prevalence and predictors of solar protection behavior in a community sample of beachgoers. During the months of May, June, July and August 2001 a total of 360 participants (145 men and 215 women) were randomly selected from several Belgian beaches in and around the city of Ostend, Belgium. The solar protection behavior of each participant was assessed by direct observation and interview. Results: The risk awareness percentages were 70.6% for skin cancer, 60.8% for sunburn and 25.0% for skin aging. These percentages were considerably higher in the female participant group than in the male group. Sunscreen cream was the most popular preventive behavior, especially in the female population, whereas the alternative protective measures (limited exposure during peak sun hours, the use of shade and the use of protective clothing and hats) were more popular in the male group. Conclusions: While solar protection has become part of routine beach behavior, there is room for improvement by more frequent application of sunscreen cream, the use of a higher sun protection factor (SPF) (15+), timed sunbathing, more use of clothing and hats and more seeking of shade. The results of this study can assist in evaluating the effectiveness of current sun‐protection campaigns and health education programs.
Standard versus pH-adjusted and lidocaine supplemented radiocolloid for patients undergoing sentinel-lymph-node mapping and biopsy for early breast cancer (PASSION-P trial): a double-blind, randomised controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Sentinel‐lymph‐node (SLN) mapping and biopsy maintains staging accuracy in early breast cancer and identifies patients for selective lymphadenectomy. SLN mapping requires injection of technetium‐99m‐sulfur colloid‐an effective but sometimes painful method, for which better pain‐management strategies are needed. In this randomised, double‐blind trial, we compared degree of pain between standard radiocolloid injection and pH‐adjusted and lidocaine‐supplemented formulations for patients undergoing SLN mapping for breast cancer. METHODS: Between Jan 13, 2006, and April 30, 2009, 140 patients with early breast cancer were randomly assigned in a 1:1:1:1 fashion to receive the standard topical 4% lidocaine cream and injection of [(99m)Tc]Tc‐sulfur colloid (n=35), or to one of three other study groups: topical placebo cream and injection of Tc‐sulfur colloid containing either sodium bicarbonate (n=35), 1% lidocaine (n=35), or sodium bicarbonate and 1% lidocaine (n=35). The randomisation sequence was computer generated, and all patients and investigators were masked to treatment allocation. The primary endpoint was patient‐reported breast pain immediately after radioisotope injection, using the Wong‐Baker FACES pain rating scale and McGill pain questionnaire, analysed in the per‐protocol population. This study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT00940199. FINDINGS: 19 of the 140 patients enrolled were excluded from analysis: nine declined study participation or sought care elsewhere, nine did not undergo SLN mapping because of disease extent or a technical problem, and one had unreliable data. There were no adverse events. Mean pain scores on the Wong‐Baker scale (0‐10) were: 6.0 (SD 2.6) for those who received standard of practice, 4.7 (3.0) for those who received radiocolloid plus bicarbonate, 1.6 (1.4) for those who received radiocolloid plus 1% lidocaine, and 1.6 (1.3) for those who received radiocolloid plus bicarbonate and 1% lidocaine (p<0.0001). Mean pain rating, according to the McGill questionnaire (0‐78), was 17.5 (SD 11.8) for the standard‐of‐care group, 15.4 (14.4) for the sodium bicarbonate group, 4.6 (4.5) for the 1% lidocaine group, and 3.4 (5.1) for the sodium bicarbonate plus 1% lidocaine group (p<0.0001). SLN identification rates for each group were: 96% for the standard of care, 97% for sodium bicarbonate, 90% for 1% lidocaine, and 90% for sodium bicarbonate plus 1% lidocaine group (p=0.56). INTERPRETATION: For centres that use radiocolloid injections for SLN mapping in patients with early breast cancer, the addition of 1% lidocaine to the radioisotope solution can improve patient comfort, without compromising SLN identification. FUNDING: US Military Cancer Institute, the Clinical Breast Care Project, and the Army Regional Anesthesia and Pain Management Initiative.
Gel of chamomile vs. urea cream to prevent acute radiation dermatitis in patients with head and neck cancer: a randomized controlled trial$$$ AIM: To compare a gel made with chamomile (Chamomilla recutita) with a cream of urea as an intervention to delay the time to occurrence of radiation dermatitis. BACKGROUND: Radiation dermatitis is one of the most common adverse effects of radiotherapy in patients with head and neck cancer. It is characterized by erythema, itching, pain, skin breakage and burning sensation, and there is no consensus on how to prevent it. DESIGN: The study is a randomized controlled clinical trial. METHODS: We will recruit 48 individuals with head and neck cancer who will be starting their radiotherapy and randomize them to receive either gel of chamomile or cream of urea, as an intervention for prevention of radiation dermatitis. Social‐demographic data will be collected at baseline, and clinical data will be collected before the initiation of radiotherapy. Participants will be followed weekly to assess development of radiation dermatitis. The protocol is funded by Conselho Nacional de Pesquisa e Desenvolvimento Científico (Brazil). The study was approved by a research ethics committee. DISCUSSION: Given the clinical relevance of preventing radiation dermatitis and the lack of evidence supporting specific preventive interventions, it is important to study new products that might be efficacious to prevent this complication. This article presents the protocol of a randomized controlled trial comparing a gel made with chamomile (intervention) with a cream of urea (control) to prevent radiation dermatitis in patients with head and neck cancer undergoing radiotherapy.
A randomised study of topical 5% imiquimod vs. topical 5-fluorouracil vs. cryosurgery in immunocompetent patients with actinic keratoses: a comparison of clinical and histological outcomes including 1-year follow-up$$$ BACKGROUND: Actinic keratoses (AK) frequently occur on sun‐exposed skin and are considered as in situ squamous cell carcinoma. To date, no treatment algorithm exists for first or second line therapies due to the lack of comparative studies. OBJECTIVE: This study compared the initial and 12‐month clinical clearance, histological clearance, and cosmetic outcomes of topically applied 5% imiquimod (IMIQ) cream, 5% 5‐fluorouracil (5‐FU) ointment and cryosurgery for the treatment of AK. PATIENTS/METHODS: Patients were randomised to one of the following three treatment groups: one or two courses of cryosurgery (20‐40 s per lesion), topical 5‐FU (twice daily for 4 weeks), or one or two courses of topical imquimod (three times per week for 4 weeks each). RESULTS: Sixty‐eight per cent (17/25) of patients treated with cryosurgery, 96% (23/24) of patients treated with 5‐FU, and 85% (22/26) of patients treated with IMIQ achieved initial clinical clearance, p = 0.03. The histological clearance rate for cryosurgery was 32% (8/25), 67% (16/24) for 5‐FU, and 73% (19/26) in the IMIQ group, p = 0.03. The 12‐month follow‐up showed a high rate of recurrent and new lesions in the 5‐FU and cryosurgery arms. The sustained clearance rate of initially cleared individual lesions was 28% (7/25) for cryosurgery, 54% (13/24) for 5‐FU and 73% (19/26) for IMIQ (p < 0.01). Sustained clearance of the total treatment field was 4% (1/25), 33% (8/24), and 73% (19/26) of patients after cryosurgery, 5‐FU, and IMIQ, respectively (p < 0.01). The patients in the IMIQ group were judged to have the best cosmetic outcomes (p = 0.0001). CONCLUSION: Imiquimod treatment of AK resulted in superior sustained clearance and cosmetic outcomes compared with cryosurgery and 5‐FU. It should be considered as a first line therapy for sustained treatment of AK.
Quality-of-life outcomes following topical melatonin application against acute radiation dermatitis in patients with early breast cancer: a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial$$$ The aim of this double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, randomized study was to investigate whether topical melatonin administered during radiation therapy could increase the quality of life in patients with primary breast cancer. Patients were followed from the first radiation fraction until 3 weeks after the last. The patients applied 1 g of cream to the irradiated area of the skin twice daily, consisting of either 25 mg/g melatonin and 150 mg/g dimethyl sulfoxide, or a placebo cream. Outcomes were the European Organisation for Research and Treatment of Cancer's quality‐of‐life questionnaires for breast cancer (QLQ‐C30 and QLQ‐BR23) on the last day of radiation therapy. As a secondary outcome, we evaluated the breast symptom (BS) scores over the entire duration of the trial in a repeated measures linear model. We included 65 patients and had 17 drop‐outs, thus totaling 26 and 22 patients in the melatonin and placebo groups, respectively. BS scores on the last day of radiation did not differ between groups (p = .333). However, the linear model analyzing BS for the entire duration showed that melatonin significantly decreased the symptoms (p = .001). There was no difference in the BS score on the last day of radiation, however, we found that the patients in the melatonin group had significantly lower BS scores over the entire duration of the trial.
Prophylactic NS-21 maintains the skin moisture but does not reduce the severity of radiation dermatitis in patients with head and neck cancer: a randomized control trial$$$ BACKGROUND: To evaluate the practicality of NS‐21 cream with regard to its skin‐related toxicity in patients with head and neck cancer (HNC) who are undergoing concurrent chemoradiation therapy (CCRT) or radiotherapy (RT). METHODS: Between July 2015 and November 2017, 30 HNC patients who underwent RT or CCRT were randomly allocated to receive either NS‐21 or control treatment on their irradiated skin three times per day, starting at the initiation of RT or CCRT and ending 2 weeks after the completion of RT or until the appearance of grade 3 acute radiation dermatitis (ARD). Dermatitis was recorded weekly according to the Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) version 4.0. Skin humidity was monitored by a digital moisture meter. The generalized estimating equation (GEE) and logit link function method were used for statistical analysis. RESULTS: No serious adverse events were observed in either group. Itching dermatitis occurred on the right lower neck in one patient of the NS‐21 group during the 3rd week of CCRT, but the severity was mild. The median skin moisture value at the time of the final treatment was significantly different between the study and control groups (30.6 vs. 27.3, p = 0.013). Additionally, there was an inverse relationship between skin moisture and ARD grade (B = ‐0.04, p = 0.005). The incidence of ARD at the time of the last treatment was not significantly different between the study and control groups (6.7% vs 26.7%, p = 0.165). The risk of grade 3 ARD for skin that had received an irradiation dose of 47‐70 Gy was higher than that of skin that had received an irradiation dose <=46 Gy (OR = 31.06, 95% CI =5.95‐162.21, p < 0.001). Nevertheless, the risk of ARD was not significantly different between the groups (OR = 0.38, 95% CI = 0.08‐1.74, p = 0.212). CONCLUSIONS: NS‐21 was well tolerated and effective for the maintenance of skin moisture$$$ however, there was no statistically significant reduction in the risk of ARD in HNC patients undergoing RT or CCRT when compared with HNC patients in the control group. TRIAL REGISTRATION: The study was approved by the Institutional Review Board of Far Eastern Memorial Hospital ( FEMH‐IRB , 104048‐F), Registered 1st June 2015.
Prophylactic treatment with a potent corticosteroid cream ameliorates radiodermatitis, independent of radiation schedule: a randomized double blinded study$$$ BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: The study will test the hypothesis that preventive topical steroid treatment instituted from start of radiotherapy can ameliorate acute radiation dermatitis. Subgroups of increased risk of dermatitis are included. MATERIAL AND METHODS: A double blinded randomized trial in patients with breast cancer receiving adjuvant radiotherapy (RT) after surgery. In total, 202 patients were randomized to betamethasone‐17‐valerate cream or Essex® cream, a moisturizer. Treatment was assessed by RTOG clinical scoring. Patients' symptoms were recorded. The analyses were stratified for RT schedules as well as for anatomical sites, skin type, breast size and BMI. Patients treated the irradiated area during the radiation period and two weeks following cessation of radiation. RESULTS: Patients receiving hypofraction RT developed less skin reactions than those treated with conventional RT. Treatment with a potent steroid resulted in clinically and statistically significantly less skin reactions (p<0.001) regardless of RT schedule. The effect of the steroid was prominent in all subgroups. CONCLUSION: Prophylactic treatment with a strong local steroid is efficient for the prevention and control of acute radiation dermatitis in breast cancer patients treated with adjuvant RT, independent of RT schedule. Preventive application of a potent corticosteroid cream should be used in the routine and instituted at the start of RT.
Vaginal pH-balanced gel for the control of atrophic vaginitis among breast cancer survivors: a randomized controlled trial$$$ OBJECTIVE: To estimate the effects of vaginal pH‐balanced gel on vaginal symptoms and atrophy in breast cancer survivors treated with chemotherapy or endocrine therapy. METHODS: This was a randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled study. Breast cancer survivors who experienced menopause after chemotherapy or endocrine therapy were voluntarily enrolled and randomly administered vaginal topical pH‐balanced gel or placebo three times per week for 12 weeks. Vaginal dryness and dyspareunia were measured by visual analog scale, vaginal health index, and vaginal pH. The endometrium and ovary were evaluated by transvaginal ultrasonography. RESULTS: Among 98 enrolled women, 86 completed the treatment (n=44 and n=42 for the pH‐balanced gel group and placebo group, respectively). Vaginal dryness and dyspareunia improved more in the pH‐balanced gel group than in the placebo group (baseline mean 8.20 compared with end‐point mean 4.23 [P=.001] and 8.23 compared with 5.48 [P=.040], respectively). Vaginal pH‐balanced gel reduced the vaginal pH (gel: baseline mean 6.49 compared with end‐point mean 5.00$$$ placebo: 6.22 compared with 5.69 [P<.001]), and enhanced vaginal maturation index (gel: 45.5 compared with 51.2$$$ placebo: 46.4 compared with 47.9 [P<.001]) and vaginal health index (gel: 15.8 compared with 21.1$$$ placebo 14.3 compared with 16.98 [P=.002]). There was no significant difference in adverse effects between the two groups except for mild irritation at the early time of pH‐balanced gel administration. CONCLUSION: Vaginal pH‐balanced gel could relieve vaginal symptoms and improve vaginal health in breast cancer survivors who have experienced menopause after cancer treatment. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov, www.clinicaltrials.gov, NCT00607295. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: I.
Randomized controlled trial to evaluate transdermal testosterone in female cancer survivors with decreased libido$$$ North Central Cancer Treatment Group protocol N02C3$$$ BACKGROUND: Decreased libido is one of several changes in sexual function that are often experienced by female cancer patients. Transdermal testosterone therapy has been associated with increased libido among estrogen‐replete women who report low libido. METHODS: In a phase III randomized, placebo‐controlled crossover clinical trial, we evaluated whether transdermal testosterone would increase sexual desire in female cancer survivors. Postmenopausal women with a history of cancer and no current evidence of disease were eligible if they reported a decrease in sexual desire and had a sexual partner. Eligible women were randomly assigned to receive 2% testosterone in Vanicream for a testosterone dose of 10 mg daily or placebo Vanicream for 4 weeks and were then crossed over to the opposite treatment for an additional 4 weeks. The primary endpoint was sexual desire or libido, as measured using the desire subscales of the Changes in Sexual Functioning Questionnaire, as assessed at baseline and at the end of 4 and 8 weeks of treatment. Serum levels of bioavailable testosterone were measured at the same times. All statistical tests were two‐sided. RESULTS: We enrolled 150 women. Women who were on active testosterone cream had higher serum levels of bioavailable testosterone than women on placebo (mean change from baseline, testosterone versus placebo, week 4, 11.57% versus 0%, difference = 11.57%, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 8.49% to 14.65%$$$ week 8, 10.21% versus 0.28%, difference = 9.92%, 95% CI = 5.42% to 14.42%$$$ P<.001 for all). However, the average intrapatient libido change from baseline to weeks 4 and 8 was similar on both arms. CONCLUSION: Increased testosterone level did not translate into improved libido, possibly because women on this study were estrogen depleted.
Reducing Radiation Dermatitis Using a Film-forming Silicone Gel During Breast Radiotherapy: a Pilot Randomized-controlled Trial$$$ BACKGROUND/AIM: To evaluate whether topical use of a film‐forming silicone gel (StrataXRT®) could reduce radiation dermatitis compared to a moisturizing cream (X‐derm®) in patients receiving whole breast radiotherapy. PATIENTS AND METHODS: A total of 56 patients with breast cancer were randomized to use StrataXRT or X‐derm. The severity of radiation dermatitis was graded using physiological skin parameters, clinician‐assessed visual rating scales and patient‐reported symptoms. Changes in these parameters from baseline to 4 weeks post‐radiotherapy were evaluated every two weeks. RESULTS: Two‐way repeated‐measures ANOVA revealed different patterns of changes in the erythema index (F=3.609, p=0.008) and melanin index (F=3.475, p=0.015). The post hoc analysis demonstrated a significantly lower erythema index and melanin index in the patients allocated to the StrataXRT group. CONCLUSION: The use of StrataXRT can reduce radiation dermatitis with respect to objectively measured physiological skin parameters. The results of the present study will support the feasibility of conducting a larger randomized controlled trial.
Local steroid application during nerve-sparing radical retropubic prostatectomy$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effect on potency rates after surgery of applying local steroids to the neurovascular bundles (NVBs) of the prostate after bilateral nerve‐sparing radical retropubic prostatectomy (BNS‐RRP). PATIENTS AND METHODS: Sixty potent men undergoing BNS‐RRP for clinically localized prostate cancer were prospectively randomized equally into two groups. In group 1, 10 mL of betamethasone cream 0.1% was applied locally to both NVBs, and group 2 had only the usual BNS‐RRP with no corticoid cream. Complications and potency were evaluated at 3, 6 and 12 months in all patients and compared between the groups. RESULTS: At 12 months, 57% and 60% of patients were potent in group 1 and 2, respectively$$$ the respective mean International Index of Erectile Function (5‐item) scores were 14.76 and 15.43 (P = 0.59). Potency rates at 3, 6 and 12 months were not significantly different between the groups, and the continence rates at 12 months were also similar, with 93% and 90% of patients in groups 1 and 2 being continent, respectively. Ten and five patients in groups 1 and 2, respectively, required a blood transfusion (P = 0.23). There were no fistulae, wound dehiscence or rectal perforations. One patient in group 2 presented 4 months after RRP with a bladder neck contracture. CONCLUSIONS: Local application of betamethasone does not improve or expedite the recovery of erectile function after BNS‐RRP, but there were no complications associated with its use.
A double-blind randomised controlled trial of a natural oil-based emulsion (Moogoo Udder Cream®) containing allantoin versus aqueous cream for managing radiation-induced skin reactions in patients with cancer$$$ BACKGROUND: Radiation‐induced skin reaction (RISR) is one of the most common and distressing side effects of radiotherapy in patients with cancer. It is featured with swelling, redness, itching, pain, breaks in skin, discomfort, and a burning sensation. There is a lack of convincing evidence supporting any single practice in the prevention or management of RISR. METHODS/DESIGNS: This double‐blinded randomised controlled trial aims to investigate the effects of a natural oil‐based emulsion containing allantoin (as known as Moogoo Udder Cream®) versus aqueous cream in reducing RISR, improving pain, itching and quality of life in this patient group. One group will receive Moogoo Udder Cream®. Another group will receive aqueous cream. Outcome measures will be collected using patient self‐administered questionnaire, interviewer administered questionnaire and clinician assessment at commencement of radiotherapy, weekly during radiotherapy, and four weeks after the completion of radiotherapy. DISCUSSION: Despite advances of radiologic advances and supportive care, RISR are still not well managed. There is a lack of efficacious interventions in managing RISR. While anecdotal evidence suggests that Moogoo Udder Cream® may be effective in managing RISR, research is needed to substantiate this claim. This paper presents the design of a double blind randomised controlled trial that will evaluate the effects of Moogoo Udder Cream® versus aqueous cream for managing in RISR in patients with cancer. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ACTRN 12612000568819.
A pilot study of topical imiquimod therapy for the treatment of recurrent extramammary Paget's disease$$$ OBJECTIVE: The objective of this prospective pilot study was to assess the clinical and histologic effects of topical imiquimod therapy on recurrent extramammary Paget's disease of the vulva. METHODS: Patients with biopsy‐proven recurrent extramammary Paget's disease presenting to the gynecology outpatient services at two participating institutions were recruited for conservative treatment with 5% imiquimod cream from 2007 to 2011. The topical cream was to be applied 3 times per week for 12weeks. Punch biopsy and photography were performed at baseline and at the 12‐week time point. RESULTS: Eight patients from two institutions were enrolled. Complete clinical and histologic response was achieved in 6 (75%) patients by the 12‐week follow‐up appointment. Of the two remaining patients, one had a complete clinical response but no significant histologic response$$$ the other patient was removed from the study protocol secondary to intolerable local irritation. Two patients continue to have no evidence of disease after a median follow‐up of 35months. Five are alive with disease. No patients progressed to invasive cancer while receiving therapy. CONCLUSION: Topical 5% imiquimod cream is a safe and feasible option for women suffering from recurrent extramammary Paget's disease of the vulva, and should be considered as a viable alternative to surgical management. Given the rare nature of this disease, additional multi‐institutional prospective studies should be conducted to explore the efficacy of this treatment regime.
Five-year follow-up of a randomized, prospective trial of topical methyl aminolevulinate photodynamic therapy vs surgery for nodular basal cell carcinoma$$$ OBJECTIVE: To compare 5‐year lesion recurrence rates in primary nodular basal cell carcinoma treated with topical methyl aminolevulinate photodynamic therapy (PDT) or simple excision surgery. DESIGN: Prospective, randomized, multicenter study. SETTING: University hospital dermatology departments. PATIENTS: A total of 97 patients, 50 with 53 lesions treated with methyl aminolevulinate PDT and 47 with 52 lesions treated by excision surgery, were included in the per protocol analysis. Of the lesions treated with methyl aminolevulinate PDT and surgery, 49 and 52, respectively, showed complete clinical response at 3 months after treatment and were observed for long‐term outcome evaluation. INTERVENTIONS: Topical methyl aminolevulinate cream, 160 mg/g, applied for 3 hours before illumination (75 J/cm(2) of red light at 570 to 670 nm) on 2 or 4 occasions (12 [23%] of 53 lesions)$$$ or excision surgery. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Histologically confirmed lesion recurrence, sustained lesion complete response rate (time‐to‐event analysis), and investigator assessment of cosmetic outcome, 5 years after the last treatment. RESULTS: At 5 years, recurrence was documented in 7 (14%) of 49 lesions (95% confidence interval [CI], 6%‐27%) treated with methyl aminolevulinate PDT vs 2 (4%) of 52 lesions (95% CI, 1%‐13%) treated with excision surgery (P = .09). Estimated sustained lesion complete response rates were 76% (95% CI, 59%‐87%) and 96% (95% CI, 84%‐99%), respectively (P = .01). More patients treated with methyl aminolevulinate PDT than surgery had an excellent or good cosmetic outcome: 27 (87%) of 31 patients (95% CI, 70%‐96%) vs 19 (54%) of 35 patients (95% CI, 37%‐71%) (P = .007). CONCLUSIONS: Long‐term follow‐up indicates superior efficacy of surgery to methyl aminolevulinate PDT in nodular basal cell carcinoma. However, methyl aminolevulinate PDT is also an effective treatment for this indication and exhibits a more favorable cosmetic outcome.
Protective effects of doxepin cream on radiation dermatitis in breast cancer: a single arm double-blind randomized clinical trial$$$ AIMS: Breast cancer is the most frequently occurring cancer in women. Lumpectomy followed by radiotherapy is suggested to be as effective as a total mastectomy. Radiation‐induced dermatitis often occurs as a result of breast radiotherapy. Recent studies suggest that doxepin has promising anti‐inflammatory properties. This study was undertaken to evaluate the effects of doxepin therapy on radiation dermatitis. METHODS: A double‐blind randomized clinical trial was launched from 2016 to 2017, with a total of 48 patients who had undergone breast‐conserving surgery and received postoperative radiation therapy. Radiotherapy was applied 5 days per week for 5 weeks. Adverse dermatological effects were evaluated by a physician at the beginning of the fifth week of radiotherapy and the patients were then randomly assigned (1:1 ratio) to receive either doxepin (5%) or placebo cream for 7 days. RESULTS: There were no significant differences in the dermatitis grade between doxepin and placebo groups at baseline (P > .5). The occurrence of acute dermatitis (grade 2 or higher) was significantly lower with the use of doxepin than with placebo (P ≤ .0001, Zα = 1.96 at 95% confidence interval). CONCLUSION: Doxepin cream prevents dermatitis grade 2 or higher during post‐operative breast irradiation. Doxepin cream is easy to use, affordable and prevents pain and irritation.
Combined perianal-intrarectal (PI) lidocaine-prilocaine (LP) cream and lidocaine-ketorolac gel provide better pain relief than combined PI LP cream and periprostatic nerve block during transrectal prostate biopsy$$$ What's known on the subject? and What does the study add? Study Type ‐ Harm Reduction RCT Level of Evidence 1b The combination of perianal‐intrarectal lidocaine‐prilocaine cream and periprostatic nerve block effectively counteracts probe and sampling related pain during transrectal prostate biopsy, but not pain due to periprostatic infiltration. The novel combination of lidocaine‐prilocaine cream and lidocaine‐ketorolac gel, both administered perianal‐intrarectally, provides the same probe and sampling‐related pain relief than combined perianal‐intrarectal lidocaine‐prilocaine cream and periprostatic nerve block and prevents the non‐negligible pain due to periprostatic infiltration, thus leading to better overall patients' compliance to the procedure. OBJECTIVE: • To compare the efficacy and safety of combined perianal‐intrarectal (PI) lidocaine‐prilocaine (LP) cream and lidocaine‐ketorolac (LK) gel with combined PI LP cream and periprostatic nerve block (PPNB) in relieving pain during transrectal ultrasonography guided prostate biopsy (TPB). PATIENTS AND METHODS: • In all, 200 patients were randomized to receive combined PI LP cream and LK gel (group 1) or combined PI LP cream and PPNB (group 2) before TPB. • The 0‐10‐point visual analogue scale (VAS) was used for assessing pain at probe insertion and movements (VAS‐1), periprostatic infiltration (VAS‐2) when applied, and prostate sampling (VAS‐3), as well as maximal procedural pain (MPP). • Complications occurring ≤ 20 days after the TPB were recorded. RESULTS: • The groups were comparable for patients' age, serum PSA level, prostate volume, and cancer detection rate. • All patients tolerated the procedure well. The two anaesthetic regimens provided almost equal mean VAS‐1 (0.33 vs 0.37$$$ P= 0.701) and VAS‐3 (0.52 vs 0.51$$$ P= 0.954) scores, but patients in group 2 reported significantly greater MPP scores (0.68 vs 1.53$$$ P < 0.001) as periprostatic infiltration was the most painful part of the procedure (mean VAS‐2: 1.33). • Complications rate was similar in the two groups (1% vs 2%$$$ P= 0.38). CONCLUSIONS: • The novel combination of PI LP cream and LK gel provided the same probe‐ and sampling‐ related pain relief as combined PI LP and PPNB$$$ moreover, by preventing the non‐negligible periprostatic infiltration pain, it provided significantly better overall patients' compliance to the procedure. • Being safe and easy to administer, this novel non‐infiltrative regimen has the potential to replace infiltrative anaesthesia in relieving pain during TPB.
Potent corticosteroid cream (mometasone furoate) significantly reduces acute radiation dermatitis: results from a double-blind, randomized study$$$ PURPOSE: Radiation‐induced dermatitis is a very common side effect of radiation therapy, and may necessitate interruption of the therapy. There is a substantial lack of evidence‐based treatments for this condition. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of mometasone furoate cream (MMF) on radiation dermatitis in a prospective, double‐blind, randomized study. MATERIAL AND METHODS: The study comprised 49 patients with node‐negative breast cancer. They were operated on with sector resection and scheduled for postoperative radiotherapy using photons with identical radiation qualities and dosage to the breast parenchyma. The patients were randomized to receive either MMF or emollient cream. The cream was applied on the irradiated skin twice a week from the start of radiotherapy until the 12th fraction (24 Gy) and thereafter once daily until 3 weeks after completion of radiation. Both groups additionally received non‐blinded emollient cream daily. The intensity of the acute radiation dermatitis was evaluated on a weekly basis regarding erythema and pigmentation, using a reflectance spectrophotometer together with visual scoring of the skin reactions. RESULTS: MMF in combination with emollient cream treatment significantly decreased acute radiation dermatitis (P=0.0033) compared with emollient cream alone. There was no significant difference in pigmentation between the two groups. CONCLUSIONS: Adding MMF, a potent topical corticosteroid, to an emollient cream is statistically significantly more effective than emollient cream alone in reducing acute radiation dermatitis.
Efficacy and safety of ultra-low dose 0.005% estriol vaginal gel for the treatment of vulvovaginal atrophy in postmenopausal women with early breast cancer treated with nonsteroidal aromatase inhibitors: a phase II, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess the efficacy and safety of ultra‐low dose 0.005% estriol vaginal gel in women with breast cancer receiving nonsteroidal aromatase inhibitors (NSAIs) and experiencing treatment‐related vulvovaginal symptoms and signs. METHODS: Women with hormone receptor‐positive early breast cancer receiving NSAIs were randomized to either estriol vaginal gel or placebo for 12 weeks. Vaginal maturation, vaginal pH, and total and individual scores of symptoms and signs of vulvovaginal atrophy were assessed at baseline and at weeks 3 and 12$$$ sexual functioning was also evaluated using the Female Sexual Functioning Index (FSFI) questionnaire, as well as circulating estrogens, follicle‐stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH). RESULTS: Sixty‐one women with a mean age of 59 years were included: 50 received 0.005% estriol vaginal gel and 11 received placebo. Active treatment significantly improved maturation value and pH, vaginal dryness and global scores of symptoms and signs. Active treatment also increased the total FSFI score and all the FSFI domains, with the exception of pain. Small oscillations were observed in FSH and LH, which remained within the postmenopausal range. Estriol levels increased initially and normalized by week 12, and estradiol and estrone remained mostly undetectable throughout the study. CONCLUSIONS: Ultra‐low dose 0.005% estriol vaginal gel showed efficacy in improving the symptoms and signs of vulvovaginal atrophy. These results, together with minimal oscillations in hormonal levels throughout the treatment, support the use of ultra‐low dose 0.005% estriol vaginal gel as a treatment option for vulvovaginal atrophy in women with breast cancer receiving NSAIs with an indication for treatment with vaginal estrogens. : Video Summary:http://links.lww.com/MENO/A531.
Validation of the prophylactic efficacy of urea-based creams on sorafenib-induced hand-foot skin reaction in patients with advanced hepatocellular carcinoma: a randomised experiment study$$$ BACKGROUND: Hand‐foot skin reaction may influence the effectiveness of patients' treatment, patient quality of life, and the economics of health care. An effective prophylactic dermatological cream for preventing sorafenib‐induced hand‐foot skin reaction (HFSR) is yet to be identified. AIM: The aim of this study is validated the prophylactic efficacy of urea‐based creams on sorafenib‐induced hand‐foot skin reaction in patients with advanced hepatocellular carcinoma. METHODS: This was a randomised double‐blind experimental study. A total of 129 patients with advanced HCC were randomly assigned to three groups. The comparison group received best supportive care (BSC), group A received BSC plus a moisturising cream, and group B received BSC plus a 10% urea‐based cream. Incidence of HFSR and cutaneous wetness were assessed 3 days before starting sorafenib and each week after starting sorafenib for 8 weeks. RESULTS: No significant difference was observed in the incidence density of sorafenib‐induced HFSK (comparison group/A group, p > .05$$$ comparison group/B group, p > .05). Group B reported significantly better cutaneous wetness of hands in the seventh week after starting sorafenib (p < .05) and of feet during the first 6 weeks (p < .05‐.001). CONCLUSION: This study found a nut size amount of a 10% urea‐based cream applied twice a day can maintain patients' cutaneous wetness in the first 6 weeks after starting sorafenib than moisturising‐alone cream. But it cannot reduce the occurrence of HFSR. Thus, the result supports nut‐size dose of the 10% urea‐based cream three times a day may be an appropriate dose to prevent HFSR. Clinical Trail Registration Number: NCT04568330.
Phase III placebo-controlled trial of capsaicin cream in the management of surgical neuropathic pain in cancer patients$$$ PURPOSE: A minority of cancer survivors develops long‐term postsurgical neuropathic pain. Based on evidence that capsaicin, the pungent ingredient in hot chili peppers, might be useful for treating neuropathic pain, we developed the present clinical trial. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Ninety‐nine assessable patients with postsurgical neuropathic pain were entered onto this study. After stratification, patients were to receive 8 weeks of a 0.075% capsaicin cream followed by 8 weeks of an identical‐appearing placebo cream, or vice versa. A capsaicin/placebo cream was to be applied to the painful site four times daily. Treatment evaluation was performed by patient‐completed weekly questionnaires. RESULTS: During the first 8‐week study period, the capsaicin‐cream arm was associated with substantially more skin burning, skin redness, and coughing (P < .0001 for each). Nonetheless, treatment was stopped for patient refusal or toxicity just as often while patients were receiving the placebo as compared with the capsaicin. The capsaicin cream arm had substantially more pain relief (P = .01) after the first 8 weeks, with an average pain reduction of 53% versus 17%. On completion of the 16‐week study period, patients were asked which treatment period was most beneficial. Of the responding patients, 60% chose the capsaicin arm, 18% chose the placebo arm, and 22% chose neither (P = .001). CONCLUSION: A topical capsaicin cream decreases postsurgical neuropathic pain and, despite some toxicities, is preferred by patients over a placebo by a three‐to‐one margin among those expressing a preference.
Imiquimod 5% cream for the treatment of superficial basal cell carcinoma: results from two phase III, randomized, vehicle-controlled studies$$$ BACKGROUND: Imiquimod is an immune response modifier that is a Toll‐like receptor 7 agonist that induces interferon and other cytokines through the innate immune system and stimulates cell‐mediated immunity through T cells. Imiquimod has been shown to be efficacious as a topical treatment for basal cell carcinoma (BCC). OBJECTIVE: We sought to evaluate the efficacy and safety of imiquimod 5% cream compared with vehicle for treating superficial BCC (sBCC). METHODS: Two identical studies were conducted. Subjects with one sBCC were dosed with imiquimod or vehicle cream once daily 5 or 7x/week for 6 weeks in these 2 randomized, double‐blind, vehicle‐controlled Phase III studies. The lesion site was clinically examined 12 weeks posttreatment and then excised for histological evaluation. RESULTS: Data from both studies were pooled. Composite clearance rates (combined clinical and histological assessments) for the 5 and 7x/week imiquimod groups were 75% and 73%, respectively. Histological clearance rates for the 5 and 7x/week imiquimod groups were 82% and 79%, respectively. Increasing severity of erythema, erosion, and scabbing/crusting was associated with higher clearance rates. CONCLUSION: Imiquimod appears to be safe and effective for the treatment of sBCC when compared with vehicle cream. The difference in clearance rates between the two imiquimod dosing groups was not significant. The 5x/week regimen is recommended.
A Phase II Prospective, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled and Multicenter Clinical Trial to Assess the Safety of 0.005% Estriol Vaginal Gel in Hormone Receptor-Positive Postmenopausal Women with Early Stage Breast Cancer in Treatment with Aromatase Inhibitor in the Adjuvant Setting$$$ Lessons Learned: The levels of circulating follicle‐stimulating hormone, luteinizing hormone, estriol, estradiol, and estrone remained unchanged after a 12‐week treatment with 0.005% estriol vaginal gel in postmenopausal women receiving nonsteroidal aromatase inhibitors for hormone receptor‐positive early breast cancer. These results support the safety of 0.005% estriol vaginal gel for the treatment of bothering symptoms of vulvovaginal atrophy in breast cancer survivors. The results provide clinicians with confidence in the use of this product in women who do not experience symptom relief with nonhormonal remedies. Background: Symptoms of vulvovaginal atrophy associated with treatment with nonsteroidal aromatase inhibitors (NSAIs) negatively impact patients’ quality of life and may affect adherence to NSAIs. Vaginal estrogens effectively improve these symptoms, although their safe use in breast cancer survivors remains unclear. Methods: Postmenopausal women with hormone receptor‐positive early breast cancer receiving NSAI and moderate‐to‐severe vaginal dryness were randomized to 0.005% estriol vaginal gel or placebo for 12 weeks. Circulating estrogens, follicle‐stimulating hormone (FSH), and luteinizing hormone (LH), were analyzed at baseline and at weeks 1, 3, 8, and 12. The primary safety outcome was the variation in serum FSH from baseline to week 12. Results: Sixty‐one women (mean age, 59 years) enrolled in the study. Small oscillations were observed in FSH and LH, although they were always maintained within the postmenopausal range. No significant differences were found in the variation of FSH and LH between baseline and week 12 from the physiological variation observed before treatment. Women receiving 0.005% estriol vaginal gel had slightly increased estriol levels at weeks 1 and 3, with a subsequent reduction until normalizing at week 12$$$ estradiol and estrone remained the below limit‐of‐quantitation in almost all samples. Conclusion: Ultralow‐dose 0.005% estriol vaginal gel did not significantly influence estrogens, FSH, and LH levels in women with breast cancer receiving NSAI. A transient negligible absorption of estriol and a nonsignificant variation of FSH after 12 weeks were observed. These findings provide confidence for the safe use of 0.005% estriol vaginal gel in women with breast cancer with an indication for treatment with vaginal estrogens.
Prophylaxis with a cream containing urea reduces the incidence and severity of radio-induced dermatitis$$$ INTRODUCTION: Radio‐induced dermatitis is one of the most frequent side effects of radiotherapy. Among the commercially available products for the care of irradiated skin is a hydrating lotion containing 3% urea, polidocanol and hyaluronic acid. Its effectiveness for preventing the appearance of radiodermatitis or reducing its severity has been studied on a number of occasions. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effectiveness of "intensive use" of the lotion containing 3% urea, polidocanol and hyaluronic acid for preventing the appearance of acute radiodermatitis and controlling its severity. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Prospective observational study in 98 patients with breast cancer with a 10‐week follow‐up period. Skin toxicity (RTOG/EORTC scale) was evaluated weekly. To study the effectiveness we compared incidence and grade of toxicity with a sample of 174 breast cancer patients (control sample) treated in our centre during 2006 who used skin‐support measures at the start of the radiotherapy or the occurrence of radiodermatitis. RESULTS: The proportion of patients who did not develop radiodermatitis was significantly higher in the intensive use group (27.6% vs. 15.5%$$$ p<0.05$$$ OR: 2.07). Compared with the same lotion in standard conditions, the intensive use group showed lower incidence of radiodermatitis (p<0.01), lower grade of toxicity (p<0.001) and lower proportion of radiodermatitis grade 2 or higher (p<0.01). CONCLUSIONS: Intensive use of the lotion doubles the likelihood that breast cancer patients will not develop radiodermatitis during radiotherapy. Furthermore, compared with standard use, intensive use is more effective in reducing the incidence of skin toxicity and skin toxicity grade 2 or higher.
Placebo-controlled trial to determine the effectiveness of a urea/lactic acid-based topical keratolytic agent for prevention of capecitabine-induced hand-foot syndrome: north Central Cancer Treatment Group Study N05C5$$$ PURPOSE: Hand‐foot syndrome (HFS) is a dose‐limiting toxicity of capecitabine for which no effective preventative treatment has been definitively demonstrated. This trial was conducted on the basis of preliminary data that a urea/lactic acid‐based topical keratolytic agent (ULABTKA) may prevent HFS. PATIENTS AND METHODS: A randomized, double‐blind phase III trial evaluated 137 patients receiving their first ever cycle of capecitabine at a dose of either 2,000 or 2,500 mg/m(2) per day for 14 days. Patients were randomly assigned to a ULABTKA versus a placebo cream, which was applied to the hands and feet twice per day for 21 days after the start of capecitabine. Patients completed an HFS diary (HFSD) daily. HFS toxicity grade (Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events [CTCAE] v3.0) was also collected at baseline and at the end of each cycle. The primary end point was the incidence of moderate/severe HFS symptoms in the first treatment cycle, based on the patient‐reported HFSD. RESULTS: The percentage of patients with moderate/severe HFS symptoms was not different between groups, being 13.6% in the ULABTKA arm and 10.2% in the placebo arm (P = .768 by Fisher's exact test). The odds ratio was 1.37 (95% CI, 0.37 to 5.76). Cycle 1 CTCAE skin toxicity was higher in the ULABTKA arm but not significantly so (33% v 27%$$$ P = .82). No significant differences were observed in other toxicities between groups. CONCLUSION: These data do not support the efficacy of a ULABTKA cream for preventing HFS symptoms in patients receiving capecitabine.
Topical methyl aminolaevulinate photodynamic therapy versus cryotherapy for superficial basal cell carcinoma: a 5 year randomized trial$$$ This multicentre, randomized study compared photodynamic therapy using topical methyl aminolaevulinate (MAL PDT), a non‐invasive modality, with cryotherapy for treatment of superficial basal cell carcinoma. Sixty patients with 114 lesions were treated with MAL cream (160 mg/g) applied for 3 hours before illumination (570‐670 nm, light dose 75 J/cm) (1 session), and 58 with 105 lesions received cryotherapy (2 freeze‐thaw cycles). Patients with an incomplete response at 3 months received 2 further MAL PDT sessions (n = 20) or repeat cryotherapy (n = 16). 100 lesions treated with MAL PDT and 93 lesions treated with cryotherapy were in complete response at 3 months after the last treatment and evaluable for recurrence over 5 years. There was no difference in 5‐year recurrence rates with either treatment (20% with cryotherapy vs. 22% with MAL PDT, p = 0.86). However, more patients had an excellent cosmetic outcome with MAL PDT (60% vs. 16% with cryotherapy, p = 0.00078). These results provide support for the use of MAL PDT as a non‐invasive, selective treatment alternative for primary superficial basal cell carcinoma.
A study on the protective effect of local application of butter in oral cavity problems caused by radiotherapy in Head and Neck cancer patients$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Amul butter: Amul butter ‐manufactured by amulfed diary Control Intervention1: nil: nil CONDITION: patients undergoing radiotherapy for head and neck malignancy PRIMARY OUTCOME: degree of radiation induced mucositis in head and neck malignancy is less with topical application of cows butter‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: every 7 th day of radiation therapy SECONDARY OUTCOME: nil‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: nil INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1.patients undergoing radiotherapy for head and neck malignancy
Topical steroid versus placebo for the prevention of radiation dermatitis in head and neck cancer patients receiving chemoradiotherapy: the study protocol of J-SUPPORT 1602 (TOPICS study), a randomized double-blinded phase 3 trial$$$ BACKGROUND: To date, the clinical benefit of topical steroid use has only been demonstrated for radiation dermatitis induced by 50‐60 Gy irradiation in breast cancer. However, these agents are also often used clinically for the control of radiation dermatitis induced by high‐dose (>60Gy) irradiation with chemotherapy in head and neck cancer. Despite this, the prophylactic efficacy of topical steroids for radiation dermatitis induced by high‐dose irradiation is still unclear. The aim of this study is to clarify the benefit of topical steroids in basic nursing care for radiation dermatitis induced by chemoradiotherapy in patients with head and neck cancer. METHODS: The study is being conducted as a multicenter 2‐arm randomized double‐blinded placebo‐controlled Phase 3 trial in Japan. The study was started in May 2017, with participant enrollment between May 2017 and April 2019. Patients scheduled to receive definitive or postoperative chemoradiotherapy for head and neck cancer are eligible for enrollment. All patients will receive chemoradiotherapy, consisting of single agent CDDP and 70‐Gy irradiation. Bilateral neck irradiation is mandatory. Supportive care for radiation dermatitis will consist of basic nursing care with topical steroid or placebo. When radiation dermatitis grade 1 is seen or total radiation dose reaches 30 Gy, minimally required intervention will be started as a first step. If radiation dermatitis worsens to grade 2, the irradiated area will be covered with a moderately absorbent surgical pad and steroid or placebo topical cream. The primary endpoint is a comparison of the proportion of patients with ≥ grade 2 radiation dermatitis by NCI Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) Version 4.0. Ethical approval has been obtained from all participating sites. The results of this study will be submitted for publication in international peer‐reviewed journals and the key findings will be presented at international scientific conferences. DISCUSSION: Evidence supporting the benefit of adding topical steroids in general nursing care for radiation dermatitis induced by high‐dose irradiation with chemotherapy is insufficient. This trial aims to clarify the clinical benefit of topical steroid for radiation dermatitis induced by high‐dose irradiation with chemotherapy. The trial is ongoing and is currently recruiting. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: UMIN000027161 . Protocol version 3.0, 18 April 2017.
Surgery Versus 5% Imiquimod for Nodular and Superficial Basal Cell Carcinoma: 5-Year Results of the SINS Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ We previously reported modest clinical 3‐year benefit for topical imiquimod compared with surgery for superficial or nodular basal cell carcinoma at low‐risk sites in our noninferiority randomized controlled SINS trial. Here we report 5‐year data. Participants were randomized to imiquimod 5% cream once daily (superficial basal cell carcinoma, 6 weeks$$$ nodular basal cell carcinoma, 12 weeks) or excisional surgery (4‐mm margin). The primary outcome was clinical absence of initial failure or signs of recurrence at the 3‐year dermatology review. Five‐year success was defined as 3‐year success plus absence of recurrences identified through hospital, histopathology, and general practitioner records. Of 501 participants randomized, 401 contributed to the modified intention‐to‐treat analyses at year 3 (primary outcome), 383 (96%) of whom had data at year 5. Five‐year success rates for imiquimod were 82.5% (170/206) compared with 97.7% (173/177) for surgery (relative risk of imiquimod success = 0.84, 95% confidence interval = 0.77‐0.91, P < 0.001). These were comparable to year 3 success rates of 83.6% (178/213) and 98.4% (185/188) for imiquimod and surgery, respectively. Most imiquimod treatment failures occurred in year 1. Although surgery is clearly superior to imiquimod, this study shows sustained benefit for lesions that respond early to topical imiquimod.
The Application of a Moldable Skin Barrier in the Self-Care of Elderly Ostomy Patients$$$ The quality of ostomy directly affects the stoma patient's quality of life. This study investigated the application of a moldable skin barrier in the self‐care of elderly stoma patients after colostomy for colorectal cancer. A total of 104 elderly stoma patients (65‐79 years) who underwent colostomy because of colorectal cancer were randomly divided into an experimental group (56 cases) receiving a moldable skin barrier and a control group (48 cases) receiving a conventional skin barrier. The information on peristomal irritant dermatitis occurrence, the satisfaction of self‐care, and related care costs were collected 1 month after patients were discharged from the hospital. The overall incidence of irritant dermatitis was significantly lower (p = .01), the self‐care satisfaction score was significantly higher (p = .02), and the cost for leakage‐proof cream (p < .001) was significantly lower in the experimental group than in the control group. In contrast, no significant differences in the cost of ostomy equipment and the barrier replacement interval were observed. In conclusion, a moldable skin barrier can reduce the incidence of irritant dermatitis in elderly stoma patients, improve their self‐care satisfaction, and reduce the cost of leakage‐proof cream use compared with the conventional stoma skin barrier.
A phase III randomized, placebo-controlled study of topical amitriptyline and ketamine for chemotherapy-induced peripheral neuropathy (CIPN): a University of Rochester CCOP study of 462 cancer survivors$$$ PURPOSE: Chemotherapy‐induced peripheral neuropathy (CIPN) occurs in as high as 70% of patients receiving certain types of chemotherapy agents. The FDA has yet to approve a therapy for CIPN. The aim of this multicenter, phase III, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial was to investigate the efficacy of 2% ketamine plus 4% amitriptyline (KA) cream for reducing CIPN. METHODS: Cancer survivors who completed chemotherapy at least 1 month prior and had CIPN (>4 out of 10) were enrolled (N=462). CIPN was assessed using average scores from a 7‐day daily diary that asks patients to rate the average "pain, numbness, or tingling in [their] hands and feet over the past 24 h" on an 11‐point numeric rating scale at baseline and 6 weeks post intervention. ANCOVA was used to measure differences in 6‐week CIPN with effects including baseline CIPN, KA treatment arm, and previous taxane therapy (Y/N). RESULTS: The KA treatment showed no effect on 6‐week CIPN scores (adjusted mean difference=‐0.17, p=0.363). CONCLUSIONS: This study suggests that KA cream does not decrease CIPN symptoms in cancer survivors.
Predictors of local adverse effects caused by topical tretinoin cream 0·1% in the Veterans Affairs Topical Tretinoin Chemoprevention trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Topical tretinoin is commonly prescribed, but its frequent adverse effects are barriers to use. Predictors of resistance or susceptibility to retinoid irritation are not known. OBJECTIVE: To identify baseline patient characteristics associated with adverse effects of topical tretinoin. METHODS: This cohort study used data collected from 324 participants in the Veterans Affairs Topical Tretinoin Chemoprevention trial who were randomized to apply tretinoin cream on the face and ears. Univariate and multivariate logistic regression models were used to examine the associations between baseline characteristics and local adverse effects. RESULTS: One hundred and ninety‐seven patients (61% of those randomized to tretinoin) reported local adverse effects within 6 months. Clinical signs of severe photodamage at baseline [odds ratio (OR) 0·15, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0·04‐0·54] and history of acne (OR 0·46, 95% CI 0·27‐0·77) were associated with a decreased risk of adverse effects to tretinoin. The use of other topical medications at enrolment (OR 1·88, 95% CI 1·15‐3·08) predicted an increase in adverse effects. CONCLUSIONS: In this study population, the common indications of topical tretinoin treatment were associated with lower risks of adverse effects. The concurrent use of other topical medications may worsen irritation caused by tretinoin.
A single-blind, randomised controlled trial of StrataXRT® - A silicone-based film-forming gel dressing for prophylaxis and management of radiation dermatitis in patients with head and neck cancer$$$ AIM: Investigate the effects of StrataXRT® versus 10% Glycerine (Sorbolene cream) for preventing and managing radiation dermatitis in patients with head and neck cancer receiving radical radiotherapy (≥50 Gy) with or without chemotherapy or biotherapy. METHODS: A single‐blind, randomised controlled, superiority trial was conducted. Patients either received StrataXRT® or Sorbolene (usual care). Skin toxicity, pain, itching and skin‐related quality of life scores were collected from baseline, and up to four weeks post‐treatment. RESULTS: A total of 197 patients were randomised into the study. Skin toxicity was dependent on the treatment group with StrataXRT® patients experiencing lower mean skin toxicity at the end of the radiation treatment (P = 0.002). At the end of treatment, the StrataXRT® arm had a lower percentage of grade 2 (80%) and grade 3 (28%) skin toxicity compared to the sorbolene arm (91% and 45% respectively). After adjustment for Cetuximab, the StrataXRT® arm had a 12% lower risk of experiencing grade 2 skin toxicity (RRR = 0.876, 95% CI: 0.778‐0.987, P = 0.031)$$$ and a 36% lower risk of experiencing grade 3 skin toxicity (RRR = 0.648, 95% CI: 0.442‐0.947, P = 0.025). Cox regression analysis showed that patients receiving StrataXRT® had a 41.0% and 49.4% reduced risks of developing grade 2 and 3 skin toxicity respectively throughout treatment compared to the Sorbolene arm. There were no differences between groups in patient‐reported outcomes. No treatment interruptions and study product related adverse events were reported in either arm. CONCLUSION: StrataXRT® is effective for preventing, and delaying the development of grade 2 and 3 skin toxicity. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ACTRN12616000511437.
Three-Arm Randomized Phase III Trial: quality Aloe and Placebo Cream Versus Powder as Skin Treatment During Breast Cancer Radiation Therapy$$$ BACKGROUND: The efficacy of aloe extract in reducing radiation‐induced skin injury is controversial. The purpose of the present 3‐arm randomized trial was to test the efficacy of quality‐tested aloe extract in reducing the severity of radiation‐induced skin injury and, secondarily, to examine the effect of a moist cream versus a dry powder skin care regimen. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A total of 248 patients with breast cancer were randomized to powder, aloe cream, or placebo cream. Acute skin toxicity was scored weekly and after treatment at weeks 1, 2, and 4 using a modified 10‐point Catterall scale. The patients scored their symptom severity using a 6‐point Likert scale and kept an acute phase diary. RESULTS: The aloe formulation did not reduce acute skin toxicity or symptom severity. Patients with a greater body mass index were more likely to develop acute skin toxicity. A similar pattern of increased skin reaction toxicity occurred with both study creams compared with the dry powder regimen. CONCLUSION: No evidence was found to support prophylactic application of quality aloe extract or cream to improve the symptoms or reduce the skin reaction severity. Our results support a dry skin care regimen of powder during radiation therapy.
Interest of a sterilised anti-burning gel in radiation dermatitis: results of a comparative study$$$ Trial objectives were to assess effectiveness and tolerance of sterilized Avène thermal spring water anti burning gel (ATSW gel) in prevention of radiation dermatitis in adults irradiated (6 weeks) for breast (n=61) or head and neck (n=8) cancer. Patients included in this open labelled, 2 parallel groups, multicentric study, were randomly assigned to apply five times daily for ten weeks either the Avène spring water gel (n=35) or trolamine cream (n=34). The median of emergence of the first objective radiation dermatitis signs was 31 days in the ATSW gel group and 29 days in the control group (p=0,924). The median incidence for pruritus in patients of the ETA gel group was 46 days versus 27 days (p=0,028) and 44 days versus 24 days for pain (p=0,426). Global efficacy was <very good> in 46,7 % of patients of the ETA gel group versus 17,2 % (p=0,029) and tolerance was <very good> in 65,5 % of the ETA gel group versus 40,7 % (p=0,107). No radionecrosis was observed. In conclusion, the efficacy of the Avène spring water gel was similar to the control product in prophylaxis of radiation dermatitis. Tolerance was better and the pruritus was significantly more delayed in patients who applied the Avène spring water gel than in controls.
Pain ratings by patients and their providers of radionucleotide injection for breast cancer lymphatic mapping$$$ BACKGROUND: Disparity between patient report and physician perception of pain from radiotracer injection for sentinel node biopsy is thought to center on the severity of the intervention, ethnic composition of population queried, and socioeconomic factors. OBJECTIVE: The objectives of this study were, first, to explore agreement between physicians' and their breast cancer patients' pain assessment during subareolar radionucleotide injection$$$ and second, to evaluate potential ethnic differences in ratings. METHODS: A trial was conducted, from January 2006 to April 2009, where 140 breast cancer patients were randomly assigned to standard topical lidocaine‐4% cream and 99mTc‐sulfur colloid injection, or to one of three other groups: placebo cream and 99mTc‐sulfur colloid injection containing NaHCO3, 1% lidocaine, or NaHCO3 + 1% lidocaine. Providers and patients completed numeric pain scales (0‐10) immediately after injection. RESULTS: Patients and providers rated pain similarly over the entire cohort (median, 3 vs 2, P = 0.15). Patients rated pain statistically significantly higher than physicians in the standard (6 vs 5, P = 0.045) and placebo + NaHCO3 (5 vs 4, P = 0.032) groups. No significant difference in scores existed between all African Americans and their physicians (3 vs 4, P = 0.27). CONCLUSION: Patient‐physician pain assessment congruence over the less painful injections and their statistically similar scores with the more painful methods suggests the importance of utilizing the least painful method possible. Providers tended to underestimate patients with the highest pain ratings‐those in the greatest analgesic need. Lack of statistical difference between African American and physician scores may reflect the equal‐access‐to‐care over the entire patient cohort, supporting the conclusion that socioeconomic factors may lie at the heart of previously reported discrepancies.
Local dermal application of a compound lidocaine cream in pain management of cancer wounds$$$ The aim of this study was to explore the analgesic effect of local application of compound lidocaine/prilocaine cream on cancer wounds during wound care in order to reduce the amount of morphine intake or completely replace the systemic morphine administration and optimize the protocol for cancer wound pain management. All patients were enrolled with a visual analog scale (VAS) pain score ≥4. Before wound care, 60 patients were randomly divided into 2 groups of 30 each: morphine group (10 mg tablet)$$$ topical 5% compound lidocaine cream group (0.2 g/cm2). VAS scores, heart rate, and Kolcaba comfort level were recorded for the two groups 10 min before and 10, 15, 20, and 25 min after wound care and data were analyzed statistically. The means for the pain score and heart rate of the topical lidocaine/prilocaine cream group were lower than those of the morphine group (P<0.01) and the Kolcaba comfort level was higher (P<0.01). Local dermal application of the compound lidocaine cream can be used as an alternative to the systemic morphine administration in cancer wound care for its safety and effectiveness. In addition, it can improve the patients' comfort and quality of life.
Skin treatment with bepanthen cream versus no cream during radiotherapy--a randomized controlled trial$$$ In several radiotherapy departments, dexpanthenol cream (Bepanthen 'Roche') has been used extensively to ameliorate acute radiotherapy skin reactions. The evidence base for this practice is obscure as no randomized trials have been performed. In the present clinical prospective study of 86 patients we have compared Bepanthen cream with no topical ointment at all. The cream was applied on randomly selected parts of treatment fields in laryngeal and breast cancer patients, and so each patient acted as his own control. Seven patients were withdrawn from analysis. Scoring of skin reactions in 16 laryngeal and 63 breast cancer patients was performed without knowledge of which area that had been given cream or not. Endpoints were a modified skin reaction grading according to EORTC/RTOG, and itching/pain in treated fields. The study did not indicate any clinically important benefits of using Bepanthen cream for ameliorating radiogenic skin reactions under the conditions applied.
Effect of a pH-Balanced Vaginal Gel on Dyspareunia and Sexual Function in Breast Cancer Survivors Who Were Premenopausal at Diagnosis: a Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess whether a pH‐balanced vaginal gel containing lactic acid is more effective than a placebo (lactate‐free gel) in improving dyspareunia and sexual function among breast cancer survivors who were premenopausal at diagnosis and had dyspareunia after adjuvant chemotherapy. METHODS: In a single‐center, double‐blind, randomized trial, a pH‐balanced gel or placebo was administered three times per week at bedtime as well as during sexual intercourse for 8 weeks. The primary outcome was the improvement of dyspareunia measured by pain score of the Female Sexual Function Index after the treatment. Secondary outcomes included the total and individual domains of Female Sexual Function Index score, sexual dysfunction (a total Female Sexual Function Index score less than 25.0), vaginal pH, vaginal maturation index, and adverse events related to the intervention. A sample size of 47 per group was planned to achieve 80% power to detect a 19% difference in the primary outcome. RESULTS: From October 2009 and March 2013, 167 women were screened and 136 were randomized: 69 to a pH‐balanced gel and 67 to placebo. Baseline characteristics were similar in both groups. Although there was no difference between the two groups, both experienced a significant improvement of dyspareunia. The increase in median pain score from baseline was 1.2 in both groups (median [interquartile range] from 2.8 [2.0‐4.0] to 4.0 [2.8‐4.8] in the pH‐balanced group and from 3.2 [2.0‐4.0] to 4.4 [3.2‐4.8] in the placebo group$$$ all P<.01). Overall Female Sexual Function Index score and the frequency of sexual dysfunction also did not differ between the two groups although there was a significant improvement. On the other hand, vaginal pH and vaginal maturation index were slightly but significantly improved only in the pH‐balanced group. There were no severe adverse events in either group. CONCLUSION: The pH‐balanced vaginal gel is not superior to the placebo in improving dyspareunia and overall sexual function. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov, https://www.clinicaltrials.gov, NCT00981305.
Thêta-Cream versus Bepanthol lotion in breast cancer patients under radiotherapy. A new prophylactic agent in skin care?$$$ BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: In radiotherapy of the breast following breast‐conserving surgery, the adverse reaction predominantly found is confined to the skin. After phase II studies, Thêta‐Cream, containing CM Glucan, Hydroxyprolisilan C und Matrixyl as active substances, was said to have prophylactic properties of preventing acute radiation side effects in skin tissue. In a prospective randomized study, Thêta‐cream was compared with standard skin care using Bepanthol lotion. PATIENTS AND METHODS: 20 breast cancer patients were randomly assigned to use Thêta‐Cream or Bepanthol lotion during radiotherapy. At 0, 30, and 50 Gy, acute skin toxicity was scored with a modified RTOG scoring system. The patients' content with the skin care and the technical assistants' content with the skin marks were recorded. RESULTS: For single aspects of toxicity and their sums in defined skin areas, no differences in median and range between study groups were found. The maximal toxicity anywhere in the breast averaged in a moderate erythema, mild elevation of skin temperature, no desquamation in both groups. Mild itchiness and sporadic efflorescences were more frequently seen with Thêta‐Cream. According to a ranking of anonymized breast photos at 50 Gy by independent investigators, side effects were equal. Patients' content was high with both skin care regimens (1.25 on a scale from 0 to 10). With Thêta‐Cream a trend toward worse skin marks was noted. Adverse events exclusively occurred in Thêta‐Cream users: suspected allergic reaction once, and the necessity for resimulation twice. CONCLUSION: In direct comparison with dexpanthenol‐containing lotion, no advantage for Thêta‐Cream was found. Higher costs and problems with skin marks prevent a general recommendation.
Topical use of phytotherapic cream (Capilen® cream) to prevent radiodermatitis in breast cancer: a prospective historically controlled clinical study$$$ AIM: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the ability of a topical phytotherapic product (Capilen® cream) to limit acute radiodermitis and delay the use of corticosteroids in patients with breast cancer (BC). METHODS: From January 2012 to August 2012, 30 consecutive patients, undergoing radiotherapy with adjuvant intent, were invited to use Capilen® cream two times daily two weeks before and during radiotherapy. An historical group was used as an external control. Acute skin toxicity was scored weekly according to RTOG/EORTC criteria. Time of occurrence of acute skin toxicity was taken as endpoint. RESULTS: Compliance was good. Overall, no significative statistical difference was observed in rate of acute radiation dermatitis, 46.7% in experimental arm versus 63.3% in the historical control group, although only 3.3% of Capilen® cream treated patients had a G3 acute radiation dermatitis versus 10% of the control group. A delay in the onset of radition dermatitis in patients treated with Capilen® cream (P=0.04) was showed. CONCLUSION: Our findings suggested that Capilen® cream plays a role in reducing acute radiation dermatitis in breast cancer patients treated with adjuvant radiotherapy. Further evidence is needed to confirm these results.
Chamomile Gel versus Urea Cream to Prevent Acute Radiation Dermatitis in Head and Neck Cancer Patients: results from a Preliminary Clinical Trial$$$ We assessed safety and potential efficacy of a chamomile gel compared with urea cream to prevent acute radiation dermatitis in head and neck cancer patients. We assessed safety and potential efficacy of the chamomile gel in escalating concentrations of 2.50%, 5.00% and 8.35% of chamomile. Concentration of 8.35% was chosen for a randomized trial comparing chamomile gel (8.35%) with urea cream (n = 24 per group), for potential efficacy to delay or prevent radiation dermatitis in these patients. Preliminary results demonstrate a delayed onset of dermatitis, with onset of Grade 2 dermatitis at 5.1 (1.3) weeks in the chamomile group and 4.5 (1.3) weeks in the urea group (effect size of 0.46). Itching, burning and hyperpigmentation were more frequently reported in the urea group. Results indicates a potential efficacy of the chamomile gel. Further studies are needed to confirm the effect of the chamomile gel in reducing or delaying the occurrence of radiation dermatitis.
Prophylactic Topical Treatment for EGFR Inhibitor-Induced Papulopustular Rash: a Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Background: The incidence of epidermal growth factor receptor inhibitor (EGFRI)‐induced papulopustular rash is 60‐85%. Objective: To investigate prophylactic topical treatment for EGFRI‐induced rash. Methods: A single‐center, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial. Adult cancer patients initiating treatment with EGFRIs were randomized to receive facial topical treatment with chloramphenicol 3% + prednisolone 0.5% (CHL‐PRED) ointment, chloramphenicol 3% (CHL) ointment, or aqua cream (AQUA). The primary end points were the incidence of ≥grade 3 rash using the Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE), on days 14 and 30. A subanalysis was conducted for incidence of a protocol‐specified significant rash, defined as ≥10 facial papulopustular lesions. Results: The per‐protocol analysis on day 14 included 69 patients, who received CHL‐PRED (21), CHL (23), or AQUA (25). The incidence of CTCAE ≥grade 3 rash was not statistically significant between arms$$$ however, the incidence of the protocol‐specified significant rash was: CHL‐PRED 14%, CHL 39%, and AQUA 48% (p = 0.03, CHL‐PRED vs. AQUA). At 30 days, the CTCAE ≥grade 3 incidence was similar, but the incidences of protocol‐specified significant rash were 6%, 16%, and 43% (p = 0.03, CHL‐PRED vs. AQUA). No significant differences were found between CHL and CHL‐PRED and between CHL and AQUA. Conclusions: Prophylactic topical CHL‐PRED was efficacious when compared to AQUA, in the treatment of EGFRI‐induced facial papulopustular rash.
Mepilex Lite dressings for the management of radiation-induced erythema: a systematic inpatient controlled clinical trial$$$ Erythema occurs in 80‐90% of women treated for breast cancer with radiation therapy. There is currently no standard treatment for radiation‐induced skin reactions. This study investigates the clinical efficacy of Mepilex Lite dressings in reducing radiation‐induced erythema in women with breast cancer. A total of 28 patients were recruited$$$ of these, 24 participants presented with 34 erythematous areas of skin for analysis. When erythema was visible, each affected skin area was randomly divided into two similar halves: one half was treated using Mepilex Lite dressings, the other half with standard aqueous cream. Skin reactions were assessed by the Radiation‐Induced Skin Reaction Assessment Scale. We also evaluated any potential dose build‐up by the dressings using a white water phantom, the dose distribution over the breast via thermoluminescent dosimeters (TLDs) and the surface skin temperature with an infrared thermographic scanner. Mepilex Lite dressings significantly reduced the severity of radiation‐induced erythema compared with standard aqueous cream (p <0.001), did not affect surface skin temperature and caused only a small (0.5 mm) dose build‐up. TLD measurements showed that the inframammary fold was exposed to significantly higher doses of radiation than any other breast region (p <0.0001). Mepilex dressings reduce radiation‐induced erythema.
EMLA reduces acute and chronic pain after breast surgery for cancer$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: A significant percentage of women undergoing breast surgery for cancer may develop neuropathic pain in the chest, and/or ipsilateral axilla and/or upper medial arm, with impairment in performing daily occupational activities. We designed this study to determine if the perioperative application of EMLA (eutectic mixture of local anesthetics$$$ AstraZeneca) cream in the breast and axilla area reduces analgesic requirements, as well as the acute and chronic pain after breast surgery. METHODS: Forty‐six female patients scheduled for breast surgery received randomly 5 g of EMLA or placebo on the sternal area 5 minutes before surgery, and 15 g on the supraclavicular area and axilla at the end of the operation. Treatment with EMLA cream (20 g) or placebo was also applied daily on the 4 days after surgery. In the postanesthesia care unit (PACU), 3, 6, 9, and 24 hours after surgery, and on the second to sixth day postoperatively, pain was assessed by visual analogue scale (VAS) at rest and after movement, and postoperative analgesic requirements were recorded. Three months later, patients were asked if they had pain in the chest wall, axilla and/or medial upper arm, decreased sensation, if they required analgesics at home, and for the intensity of pain. RESULTS: Acute pain at rest and with movement did not differ between the EMLA and control groups, and the analgesics consumed during the first 24 hours were the same for the EMLA and control groups. However, time to the first analgesia requirement was longer (P = .04), and codeine and paracetamol consumption during the second to fifth days was less (P = .001, and P = .004, respectively) in the EMLA versus the control group. Three months postoperatively, pain in the chest wall, axilla, and the total incidence and the intensity of chronic pain were significantly less in the EMLA versus the control group (P = .004, P = .025, P = .002 and P = .003, respectively). The use of analgesics at home and abnormal sensations did not differ between the 2 groups. CONCLUSIONS: The application of EMLA to patients undergoing breast surgery for cancer reduced the postoperative analgesic requirements and the incidence and intensity of chronic pain.
Effectiveness and Acceptability of a Moisturizing Cream and a Barrier Cream During Radiation Therapy for Breast Cancer in the Tropics: a Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Inconsistent evidence about product effectiveness to prevent moist desquamation during radiation treatment and minimal research about the acceptability to patients of recommended products prompted this study. OBJECTIVE: This randomized controlled trial compared the effectiveness of 2 creams at minimizing the incidence of moist desquamation in a tropical setting and explored which product was most acceptable to patients receiving radiation treatment. METHODS: Participants (n = 255) were stratified according to breast or chest wall radiation treatment and randomly allocated to use a moisturizing or barrier cream. Nurses assessed radiation skin reactions weekly with a standardized grading system, and patients were telephoned 1 month after completing treatment for a final skin assessment. Participants completed an Acceptability Survey at similar times. RESULTS: At treatment completion, 15% of participants had moist desquamation. An additional 26% self‐reported this at follow‐up. Risk factors for moist desquamation included increased breast cup size and body mass index. The barrier cream significantly reduced the incidence of moist desquamation during treatment in patients receiving radiation to the chest wall (χ = 3.93, P = .047). Participants preferred the barrier cream over the moisturizer (χ = 5.81, P = .02) during treatment. CONCLUSIONS: This study identified a relatively high incidence of moist desquamation in patients receiving radiation therapy for breast cancer. Future patients will have information about product effectiveness in minimizing moist desquamation when choosing skin care products. IMPLICATIONS FOR PRACTICE: Structured discharge planning and patient education need to include information about factors that contribute to the likelihood of developing moist desquamation.
Evaluation of EMLA cream for relieving pain during needle insertion on totally implantable venous access device$$$ PURPOSE:: Needle insertion is a routine procedure performed on cancer patients with totally implantable venous access device. Although this procedure is painful for most of the patients, it is regularly performed without topical application of local anesthetics. In our study, we assess the degree of pain associated with different duration times of EMLA cream. METHODS:: A total of 361 cancer patients with totally implantable venous access devices were randomly divided into three groups: group 1‐placebo, group 2‐30 min after application of EMLA, and group 3‐60 min after application of EMLA. In this double‐blinded prospective study, the efficacy of EMLA cream was compared with a placebo cream by comparing the degree of pain experienced by the patient who was evaluated during and after needle insertion on a numeric rating scale. RESULTS:: The mean ± standard deviation of pain experienced by the patients was significantly (p < 0.05) lower in group C (0.69 ± 0.98) than groups B (1.11 ± 1.14) and A (1.91 ± 1.40). No significant (p > 0.05) difference was found in mean scores from inexperienced and experienced procedures of needle insertions among three groups. Comparing male patients, the female patients in group 1 and group 2 had lower numeric rating scale (1.59 ± 0.94, 1.39 ± 1.35$$$ p < 0.01). CONCLUSION:: The present results review that the application of EMLA cream for 30 min is suitable, acceptable, and convenient in cancer patients with totally implantable venous access device undergoing needle insertion.
Melatonin for Prevention of Breast Radiation Dermatitis: a Phase II, Prospective, Double-Blind Randomized Trial$$$ Background: Radiation‐induced dermatitis is commonly seen during radiotherapy for breast cancer. Melatonin‐based creams have shown a protective effect against ultravioletinduced erythema and a radioprotective effect in rats. Objectives: To evaluate the efficacy of melatonin‐containing cream in minimizing acute radiation dermatitis. Methods: In this phase II, prospective, randomized, placebocontrolled double‐blind study, patients who underwent breastconserving surgery for stage 0‐2 breast cancer were randomly allocated to melatonin emulsion (26 women) or placebo (21 women) for twice daily use during radiation treatment and 2 weeks following the end of radiotherapy. All women received 50 Gy whole breast radiation therapy with 2 Gy/fx using computed tomography‐based 3D planning. Patients were examined and completed a detailed questionnaire weekly and 2 weeks following the end of treatment. Results: The occurrence of grade 1/2 acute radiation dermatitis was significantly lower (59% vs. 90%, P = 0.038) in the melatonin group. Women older than 50 had significantly less dermatitis than younger patients (56% vs. 100%, P = 0.021). The maximal radiation dermatitis in the study group was grade 2 in 15% of the treated patients. Conclusions: Patients treated with melatonin‐containing emulsion experienced significantly reduced radiation dermatitis compared to patients receiving placebo.
A pilot study to evaluate the treatment of basal cell carcinoma with 5-fluorouracil using phosphatidyl choline as a transepidermal carrier$$$ BACKGROUND: In certain situations, successful topical therapy of basal cell carcinoma (BCC) without the inconvenience, risk, and expense of surgery would be of great value to patients. Placing 5‐fluorouracil (FU) in an appropriate carrier may solve these problems. Phosphatidyl choline (PC) penetrates effectively throughout the epidermis of shaved rabbits and may be able to carry small water‐soluble molecules such as nucleotides across lipid barriers when applied topically. OBJECTIVE: We propose that employing PC as a vehicle will facilitate the penetration of 5‐FU and increase efficacy as compared to petrolatum‐based 5‐FU cream. METHODS: This pilot study is a double‐blinded and randomized therapeutic trial. Thirteen patients with 17 biopsy‐proven, moderate thickness BCCs were randomized to receive either cream A (5% 5‐FU in a PC vehicle) or cream B (Efudex(R): 5% 5‐FU in a petrolatum base). Patients applied cream A or cream B twice a day for 4 weeks. The patients underwent an excisional biopsy of the treated BCC site at week 16. RESULTS: There was a 90% cure rate (9/10) in those lesions treated with 5% 5‐FU in PC cream and a 57% cure rate (4/7) in those treated with 5% 5‐FU in a petrolatum‐based cream. CONCLUSION: Although the study was unable to detect any statistically significant differences in outcome between the study groups, this small pilot study shows preliminary findings which may indicate an increase in the short‐term eradication of BCC using a PC‐based vehicle as compared to conventional petrolatum‐based formulations.
Comparison of topical methyl aminolevulinate photodynamic therapy with cryotherapy or Fluorouracil for treatment of squamous cell carcinoma in situ: results of a multicenter randomized trial$$$ OBJECTIVE: To compare the efficacy, tolerability, and cosmetic outcome of photodynamic therapy (PDT) using topical methyl aminolevulinate with cryotherapy or topical fluorouracil for treatment of squamous cell carcinoma in situ. DESIGN: Randomized, placebo‐controlled study, with follow‐up at 3 and 12 months after last treatment. SETTING: Forty outpatient dermatology centers in 11 European countries. PATIENTS: Random sample of 225 patients with histologically confirmed squamous cell carcinoma in situ (lesion size, 6‐40 mm) and no evidence of progression. INTERVENTIONS: Treatment with PDT with methyl aminolevulinate (160 mg/g$$$ n = 96) or matching placebo cream (n = 17), cryotherapy (n = 82), or topical fluorouracil (5% cream$$$ n = 30). Methyl aminolevulinate or placebo cream was applied for 3 hours before illumination with broadband red light (75 J/cm2, 570‐670 nm). Treatment was repeated 1 week later. Cryotherapy was performed with liquid nitrogen spray. Fluorouracil was applied for 4 weeks. Lesions with a partial response at 3 months were re‐treated. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Clinically verified complete response of lesions$$$ blinded and on‐site assessment of cosmetic outcome (4‐point rating scale). RESULTS: At 12 months, the estimated sustained lesion complete response rate with methyl aminolevulinate PDT was superior to that with cryotherapy (80% vs 67%$$$ odds ratio, 1.77$$$ 95% confidence interval, 1.01‐3.12$$$ P = .047), and better than that with fluorouracil (80% vs 69%$$$ odds ratio, 1.64$$$ 95% confidence interval, 0.78‐3.45$$$ P = .19). Cosmetic outcome at 3 months was good or excellent in 94% of patients treated with methyl aminolevulinate PDT vs 66% with cryotherapy and 76% with fluorouracil, and was maintained at 12 months. CONCLUSION: Methyl aminolevulinate PDT is an effective treatment option for squamous cell carcinoma in situ, with excellent cosmesis.
Photodynamic therapy vs. imiquimod 5% cream as skin cancer preventive strategies in patients with field changes: a randomized intraindividual comparison study$$$ Background: Actinic damage is responsible for the development of multiple, recurrent non‐melanoma skin cancers (NMSCs), including actinic keratoses (AKs). Photodynamic therapy (PDT) and imiquimod cream (IMIQ) 5% are recommended as field‐directed treatment options. Objectives: To compare efficacy and safety of methyl aminolevulinate (MAL)‐PDT vs. IMIQ 5% in the prevention of new NMSCs development patients with field changes. Methods: Patients with field cancerization of the face or scalp were randomized to receive MAL‐PDT on one side, and IMIQ 5% on the mirror field. The primary endpoint was the number of new lesions on the treated fields during a 12‐month follow‐up period. Secondary assessments included adverse events and patient preference. Results: Forty‐four patients completed the study. MAL‐PDT and IMIQ did not differ concerning the primary endpoint, as there was no statistically significant difference in terms of development of new NMSCs at any point of follow‐up. Both treatment regimens were safe and well tolerated. Patients' preference based on the procedure, response rates and future choice favoured MAL‐PDT. Conclusions: MAL‐PDT and IMIQ 5% are safe and well‐tolerated treatments that equally prevent development of new AKs in patients suffering from field changes. MAL‐PDT treatment appears to be superior in terms of patients' preference.
Reducing the symptoms of lymphoedema: is there a role for aromatherapy?$$$ Lymphoedema is a chronic and debilitating condition caused by lymphatic insufficiency, which may have serious physical, social and psychological implications for the patient. It is usually managed by a combination of strategies aimed at protecting and decongesting the oedematous limb(s) and stimulating the development of supplementary lymphatic pathways to control swelling in the long‐term. However, it is not known which therapies are the most effective. Anecdotally, the addition of aromatherapy oils to massage cream may have a positive effect on symptom relief in people with cancer, although evidence is again lacking. This paper describes a randomized trial of self‐massage and skin care using a cream containing aromatherapy oils versus self‐massage and skin care using a cream without aromatherapy oils on objective limb volume measurements and symptom relief as measured by the Measure Yourself Medical Outcome Profile 2 (MYMOP2) in a sample of people with lymphoedema. Results indicate that self‐massage and skin care significantly improved patient‐identified symptom relief and wellbeing for this sample. It also slightly, but not significantly reduced limb volume. However, aromatherapy oils, carefully chosen on the basis that they should benefit this group, did not appear to influence any improvement in these measures.
Phase 1 study of topical perillyl alcohol cream for chemoprevention of skin cancer$$$ Perillyl alcohol (POH) is a natural product derived from plants such as cherry and lavendin. Previous studies have indicated that topical POH inhibits ultraviolet (UV) B‐induced skin carcinogenesis in vivo, and it may be an effective chemopreventive agent for skin cancer. We performed a 1‐mo, first‐in‐man, Phase 1 trial of topically administered POH cream in human subjects. Endpoints included safety and evaluation of any histopathological changes in skin after 1 mo use of POH cream. We randomized 25 subjects with normal, healthy skin with little or no sun damage and no history of skin cancer in a double‐blind fashion to receive topical POH (0.76% wt/wt) on 1 forearm with placebo cream applied to the other forearm twice daily for 30 days. Subjects were monitored for toxicity, and a 4 mm punch biopsy in the treated area was performed at the end of study for histopathological evaluation. The topical cream was well tolerated. No serious cutaneous toxicities, systemic toxicities, or histopathological abnormalities were observed. A total of 8 subjects (32%) reported mild adverse events possibly or probably related to use of cream including reversible appearance of 1 to 2 small papules. However, there was no significant difference between lesions appearing on the POH treated forearm vs. the placebo‐treated forearm.
A double-blind, vehicle-controlled clinical study to evaluate the efficacy of MAS065D (XClair), a hyaluronic acid-based formulation, in the management of radiation-induced dermatitis$$$ This study was designed to assess the efficacy and tolerability of MAS065D (Xclair) compared to a vehicle control in the management of radiation dermatitis in patients receiving radiotherapy for breast cancer. Twenty patients were randomized blindly to use the two study substances, three times daily, on separate sections of irradiated skin throughout the duration of radiotherapy and for two weeks afterwards. Patients were monitored before therapy, weekly during therapy, and for 2 weeks after radiotherapy was completed. Skin appearance according to National Cancer Institute (NCI) toxicity criteria, erythema rating, transepidermal water loss (TEWL), skin hydration, patients' view of itch, pain, acceptance, and view of each cream and adverse events, were monitored$$$ at the final visit patients and investigators expressed their preference for one of the creams. MAS065D showed statistically significant superiority in the outcomes of NCI grading for radiation dermatitis and erythema. Patients' and investigators' preferences for one of the study substances were statistically in favor of MAS065D. Very few patients recorded nonzero itch and pain scales, so no significant differences emerged between the two groups. It was concluded that MAS065D can provide an effective option for managing radiation dermatitis although further studies are needed to assess its effect on pain and itch.
Solasodine glycoalkaloids: a novel topical therapy for basal cell carcinoma. A double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, parallel group, multicenter study$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess the safety and efficacy of a 0.005% mixture of solasodine glycosides (Zycure) in the treatment of basal cell carcinoma. Design Double‐blind, randomized, and vehicle‐controlled, parallel group study. SETTING: Ten centers in the United Kingdom. Participants Male, n = 50$$$ female, n = 44$$$ age range, 32‐95 years (Table 1). INTERVENTION: Ninety‐four patients were randomized on a 2 : 1 ratio (n = 62, Zycure$$$ n = 32, vehicle). Histologically confirmed lesions were treated double blinded, twice daily under occlusion with Zycure or vehicle for 8 weeks. Patients were reviewed fortnightly for adverse effects and overall response. Successfully treated patients were followed up at six‐month intervals for a year. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The primary efficacy endpoint was histologically confirmed clearance of the basal cell carcinoma (2‐mm punch biopsy) at the end of 8‐week treatment. RESULTS: Efficacy (intention‐to‐treat population) at 8 weeks was 66% (41/62) in the Zycure group, compared to 25% (8/32) in the vehicle group (P < 0.001$$$ Cochran‐Mantel‐Haenszel test). Ninety percent (37/41) of the Zycure group completed follow‐up at six‐month intervals for 1 year, of whom 78% (29/37) had no recurrence. There were no major treatment‐related adverse effects, although 10 patients in Zycure group did not complete the treatment protocol for various reasons. CONCLUSION: We conclude that the solasodine glycoside cream Zycure is a safe therapy for basal cell carcinoma, with a cure rate of 66% at 8 weeks and 78% at 1 year follow‐up.
Photodynamic therapy of superficial basal cell carcinoma with 5-aminolevulinic acid with dimethylsulfoxide and ethylendiaminetetraacetic acid: a comparison of two light sources$$$ The aim of this prospective randomized study was to compare the clinical and cosmetic outcome of superficial basal cell carcinomas (BCC), using either laser or broadband halogen light, in photodynamic therapy with topical 5‐aminolevulinic acid (ALA). A total of 83 patients with 245 superficial BCC were included in the study. Standard treatment involved 15 min of local pretreatment with 99% dimethylsulfoxide (DMSO) before topical application of 20% ALA with DMSO (2%) and ethylendiaminetetraacetic acid (2%) as cofactors for 3 h before light exposure with either laser or a broadband lamp (BL). A complete response was achieved in 95 lesions (86%) in the laser group and 110 lesions (82%) in the BL group 6 months after treatment. Of these, 80 lesions (84%) in the laser group and 101 lesions (92%) in the lamp group were independently evaluated to have an excellent or good cosmetic post‐treatment score. No serious adverse events were reported. This study shows that there is no statistical significant difference in cure the rate (P = 0.49) and the cosmetic outcome (P = 0.075) with topical application of a modified ALA‐cream between light exposure from a simple BL with continuous spectrum (570‐740 nm) or from a red‐light laser (monochromatic 630 nm). Cost and safety are further elements in favor of the BL in this setting.
Prophylactic use of Mepitel Film prevents radiation-induced moist desquamation in an intra-patient randomised controlled clinical trial of 78 breast cancer patients$$$ PURPOSE: Safetac‐based soft silicone dressings used in a management setting decrease the severity of radiation‐induced acute skin reactions but do not affect moist desquamation rates. Here we investigate the prophylactic use of another Safetac product, Mepitel Film, on moist desquamation rates. MATERIAL AND METHODS: A total of 80 breast cancer patients receiving radiation therapy were recruited between October 2012 and April 2013$$$ 78 participants contributed data for analysis. Lateral and medial halves of the skin areas to be irradiated were randomised to Mepitel Film or aqueous cream$$$ skin dose was measured using thermoluminescent dosimeters$$$ skin reaction severity was assessed using RISRAS and RTOG scales. RESULTS: Overall skin reaction severity was reduced by 92% (p<0.0001) in favour of Mepitel Film (RISRAS). All patients developed some form of reaction in cream‐treated skin which progressed to moist desquamation in 26% of patients (RTOG grades I: 28%$$$ IIA: 46%$$$ IIB: 18%$$$ III: 8%). Only 44% of patients had a skin reaction under the Film, which did not progress to moist desquamation in any of the patients (RTOG grades I: 36%$$$ IIA: 8%). CONCLUSIONS: Mepitel Film completely prevented moist desquamation and reduced skin reaction severity by 92% when used prophylactically in our cohort.
Double-blind, randomized clinical study comparing hyaluronic acid cream to placebo in patients treated with radiotherapy$$$ PURPOSE: The effect of hyaluronic acid (Ialugen cream) on acute skin reactions after radiotherapy, was assessed in a randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled study. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Out of the 152 patients presenting with head and neck, breast or pelvic carcinomas and registered in the study, 134 cases‐70 in the Ialugen group (IA) and 64 in the placebo group (PBO)‐completed their IA or PBO treatment. At the time of randomisation, these two groups were balanced for sex, age, weight and height. The mean total dose of radiation given during the study was 60.6 +/‐ 10.9 Gy in the IA group and 64.3 +/‐ 10.8 Gy in the PBO group (P = 0.47). RESULTS: Acute radio‐epithelitis scores were significantly higher in the PBO group than in the IA group, starting from the control at week 3 and throughout the 6 weeks of treatment (P < 0.01 from week 3 to week 7$$$ P < 0.05 at weeks 8 and 10). Likewise, the global efficacy judgement expressed, at the end of treatment, by both the physician and the patient showed a significant difference in favour of Ialugen (P < 0.01 and P < 0.05, respectively). There was no significant difference of tolerance between the IA and PBO treatments (P = 0.18 according to the physician and P = 0.42 from the patient's viewpoint). CONCLUSION: The prophylactic use of a cream with hyaluronic acid is shown to reduce the incidence of high grade radio‐epithelitis, suggesting an interesting role of the hyaluronic acid cream as supportive treatment to improve compliance and quality of life in patients undergoing radiation therapy.
Noninfiltrative anesthesia for transrectal prostate biopsy: a randomized prospective study comparing lidocaine-prilocaine cream and lidocaine-ketorolac gel$$$ OBJECTIVES: Periprostatic nerve block (PPNB) is the standard anesthesia for ultrasound (US) guided transrectal prostate biopsy (TPB), but periprostatic infiltration itself constitutes a major, though often neglected, source of discomfort even in patients receiving perianal‐intrarectal lidocaine‐prilocaine (PILP) cream before PPNB. Noninfiltrative anesthesia therefore represents an attractive alternative to periprostatic infiltration. With this in mind, we aimed to determine the efficacy and safety of perianal‐intrarectal (PI) lidocaine gel, lidocaine‐ketorolac gel, and lidocaine‐prilocaine cream in relieving pain during TPB. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Three hundred consecutive patients scheduled for US‐guided TPB were randomized 1:1:1 to receive PI administration of 5 g 2.5% lidocaine gel 10 minutes before TPB (Group 1), or a mixture of 5 g 2.5% lidocaine gel and 0.3% ketorolac tromethamine solution 1 hour before TPB (Group 2), or 5 g 2.5% lidocaine and 2.5% prilocaine cream 20 minutes before TPB (Group 3). The 0‐to‐10 points visual analogue scale (VAS) was used for assessing pain at probe insertion and movements (VAS‐1), at prostate sampling (VAS‐2), and maximal procedural pain (MPP). Complications occurring up to 20 days after the procedure were also recorded. RESULTS: Four (1.3%) patients were excluded because of unbearable pain during the procedure, leaving Group 1 with 98 patients, Group 2 with 99, and Group 3 with 99$$$ the 3 groups were comparable for patients' age, serum PSA, prostate volume, and cancer detection rate. The addition of either ketorolac or prilocaine to lidocaine significantly (P < 0.0001) reduced probe‐related, sampling‐related, and maximal procedural pain. Compared with lidocaine‐prilocaine, lidocaine‐ketorolac was less effective in relieving probe‐related pain (mean VAS‐1: 1.47 ± 1.30 vs. 0.39 ± 0.65$$$ P < 0.0001) but more effective in relieving sampling‐related pain (mean VAS‐2: 0.76 ± 0.94 vs. 1.54 ± 1.02$$$ P < 0.0001)$$$ there was no difference in MPP (mean 1.82 ± 1.21 vs. 1.67 ± 0.95), probably due to such different efficacy on the two pain sources. Complications were similar in the 3 groups. CONCLUSIONS: Lidocaine‐prilocaine cream was most effective on probe‐related pain, whereas lidocaine‐ketorolac gel was most effective on sampling‐related pain. These noninfiltrative anesthetics were safe, easy to administer, and well accepted by patients$$$ the possibility to combine them to further improve pain control during TPB deserves further well‐designed studies.
Path analysis of skin cancer preventive behavior among the rural women based on protection motivation theory$$$ BACKGROUND: Determining the effective factors on the adoption of preventive behaviors capable of reducing the risk of skin cancer is an important step in designing interventions to promote these behaviors. Based on the protection motivation theory, the present study is aimed to conduct a path analysis of skin cancer preventive behaviors in rural women to explore these factors. METHODS: In this cross‐sectional study, 243 rural women were randomly selected from the west of Iran to receive a valid and reliable questionnaire assessing constructs from the protection motivation theory, as well as demographic information. Fully completed questionnaires were returned by 230 women and the data were analyzed by SPSS 22 and LISREL8.8. RESULTS: Concerning skin cancer preventive behaviors, 27.8% of women wore sun‐blocking clothing when working under the sun, 21.7% used sunscreen cream, 5.7% wore a cap, and 4.8% used gloves and sunglasses. Protection motivation theory and per capita income explained 51% of motivation variance and 25% of the variance of skin cancer preventive behaviors. The response efficacy construct was the strongest predictor of the motivation of protection (ß = ‐ 0.44, p < 0/001). Per‐capita income (ß = ‐ 0.34, p < 0/001) and motivation (ß = ‐ 0.33, p < 0/001) were the strongest predictors of these behaviors. CONCLUSIONS: This study showed that protection motivation theory is efficient in predicting skin cancer preventive behaviors and the interventions can be designed and implemented by this theory. Proper planning is also necessary for promoting these behaviors among people with low per‐capita income.
The effectiveness of EVOSKIN®Palm and sole moisturizing cream in treating capecitabine-associated hand-foot syndrome: a randomized double-blind clinical trial$$$ BACKGROUND: This study sought to test the effectiveness of EVOSKIN®Palm and sole moisturizing cream (PSMC) in preventing and treating hand‐foot syndrome (HFS) during capecitabine chemotherapy. METHODS: Stage II/III colorectal cancer patients receiving capecitabine adjuvant chemotherapy were randomly allocated to receive either EVOSKINPSMC or physiological saline treatments for their hands and feet. Treatment was initiated along with adjuvant chemotherapy and continued till the end of chemotherapy. Participants' skin responses were evaluated every 3 weeks. RESULTS: During the study, 51 participants in the EVOSKIN PSMC group and 54 participants in the physiological saline group completed at least three cycles of capecitabine chemotherapy. The total incidence of HFS in the EVOSKIN PSMC group was lower than that in the physiological saline group (56.8% vs. 75.9%, P=0.006), as was the incidence of Grade 3/4 HFS (6.0% vs. 18.5%, P=0.011). The incidence of HFS became significant after 6weeks of chemotherapy. Further, the incidence of severe HFS was significant from as early as 3weeks after the commencement of chemotherapy despite the use of EVOSKIN PSMC to manage the condition. Notably, the incidence of Grade 1/2 HFS was not statistically significant between the two groups (26/51 vs. 32/54, 52.0% vs. 59.2%, P=0.194). CONCLUSIONS: The incidence of severe HFS among individuals using oral capecitabine can be reduced by the prophylactic treatment of EVOSKIN PSMC, this treatment is reasonable and acceptable for patients with capecitabine chemotherapy.
Vaginal Testosterone Cream vs Estradiol Vaginal Ring for Vaginal Dryness or Decreased Libido in Women Receiving Aromatase Inhibitors for Early-Stage Breast Cancer: a Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Importance: Aromatase inhibitors (AI) are associated with significant urogenital atrophy, affecting quality of life and drug compliance. Objective: To evaluate safety of intravaginal testosterone cream (IVT) or an estradiol‐releasing vaginal ring (7.5 μg/d) in patients with early‐stage breast cancer (BC) receiving an AI. Intervention was considered unsafe if more than 25% of patients had persistent elevation in estradiol (E2), defined as E2 greater than 10 pg/mL (to convert to pmol/L, multiply by 3.671) and at least 10 pg/mL above baseline after treatment initiation on 2 consecutive tests at least 2 weeks apart. Design, Setting, and Participants: Postmenopausal (PM) women with hormone receptor (HR)‐positive stage I to III BC taking AIs with self‐reported vaginal dryness, dyspareunia, or decreased libido were randomized to 12 weeks of IVT or an estradiol vaginal ring. Estradiol was measured at baseline and weeks 4 and 12 using a commercially available liquid chromatography and tandem mass spectrometry assay$$$ follicle‐stimulating hormone levels were measured at baseline and week 4. Gynecologic examinations and sexual quality‐of‐life questionnaires were completed at baseline and week 12. This randomized noncomparative design allowed safety evaluation of 2 interventions concurrently in the same population of patients, reducing the possibility of E2 assay variability over time and between the 2 interventions. Main Outcomes and Measures: The primary objective of this trial was to evaluate safety of IVT or an estradiol vaginal ring in patients with early‐stage BC receiving an AI$$$ secondary objectives included evaluation of adverse events, changes in sexual quality of life using the Cancer Rehabilitation Evaluation System sexuality subscales, changes in vaginal atrophy using a validated 4‐point scale, and comparison of E2 levels. Results: Overall, 76 women signed consent (mean [range] age, 56 [37‐78] years), 75 started treatment, and 69 completed 12 weeks of treatment. Mean (range) baseline E2 was 20 (<2 to 127) pg/mL. At baseline, E2 was above the postmenopausal range (>10 pg/mL) in 28 of 76 women (37%). Persistent E2 elevation was observed in none with a vaginal ring and in 4 of 34 women (12%) with IVT. Transient E2 elevation was seen in 4 of 35 (11%) with a vaginal ring and in 4 of 34 (12%) with IVT. Vaginal atrophy and sexual interest and dysfunction improved for all patients. Conclusions and Relevance: In PM women with early‐stage BC receiving AIs, treatment with a vaginal ring or IVT over 12 weeks met the primary safety end point. Baseline elevation in E2 was common and complicates this assessment. Vaginal atrophy, sexual interest, and sexual dysfunction were improved. Further study is required to understand E2 variability in this setting. Trial Registration: clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT00698035.
Can polyacrylic acid treat sexual dysfunction in women with breast cancer receiving tamoxifen?$$$ OBJECTIVE: There is a lack of safety data supporting the use of hormone therapy in women who have had breast cancer and who have complained of genitourinary syndrome of menopause (GSM). The objective was to test the efficacy of two non‐hormonal therapies for vaginal dryness. METHODS: This was a randomized trial with 52 women with breast cancer who were being treated with tamoxifen and who complained of vaginal dryness. The volunteers answered two questionnaires to evaluate sexual function (Female Sexual Function Index, FSFI) and a customized GSM questionnaire. The women were randomized into two groups: 25 (48.1%) in the polyacrylic acid group and 27 (51.9%) in the lubricant group, using either one of the treatments for 30 days, and after they were invited to answer the questionnaires again. RESULTS: There was improvement in the FSFI after both treatments. The polyacrylic acid group showed a decrease in sexual dysfunction from 96% to 24% (p < 0.0001) and the lubricant group showed a decrease from 88.9% to 55.6% (p = 0.0027). CONCLUSIONS: The results of this study showed that both treatments improved sexual function$$$ however, polyacrylic acid was superior to the lubricant in treating sexual dysfunction.
Multimodal analgesia with gabapentin and local anesthetics prevents acute and chronic pain after breast surgery for cancer$$$ We evaluated the effect of multimodal analgesia on acute and chronic pain after breast surgery for cancer. Fifty patients scheduled for breast cancer surgery were blindly randomized to receive gabapentin, eutectic mixture of local anesthetics cream, and ropivacaine in the wound or three placebos. Pain (visual analog scale) and analgesics were recorded in the postanesthesia care unit (PACU) 3, 6, and 9 h and 8 days after surgery. Three and 6 mo later, patients were assessed for chronic pain. The treatment group consumed less paracetamol in the PACU (469 versus 991 mg$$$ P < 0.002) and less Lonalgal (1.0 versus 4.4 tablets$$$ P = 0.003) than the controls, exhibited lower visual analog scale scores at rest in the PACU (P = 0.001) and on postoperative Days 1, 3, and 5 (P = 0.040, P = 0.015, and P = 0.045, respectively), and after movement in the PACU (P = 0.001) and on postoperative Days 2, 4, and 8 (P = 0.028, P = 0.007, and P = 0.032, respectively). Three and 6 mo after surgery, 18 of 22 (82%) and 12 of 21 (57%) of the controls reported chronic pain versus 10 of 22 (45%) and 6 of 20 (30%) in the treatment group (P = 0.028 and P = 0.424, respectively)$$$ 5 of 22 and 4 of 21 of the controls required analgesics versus 0 of 22 and 0 of 20 of those treated (P = 0.048 and P = 0.107, respectively). Multimodal analgesia reduced acute and chronic pain after breast surgery for cancer.
Effectiveness of topical steroids in the control of radiation dermatitis: a randomised trial using 1% hydrocortisone cream and 0.05% clobetasone butyrate (Eumovate)$$$ Radiation dermatitis often presents as a problem for patients and radiotherapists during treatment. Topical corticosteroids have been shown to have an anti‐inflammatory effect in the treatment of many skin diseases and are commonly prescribed during a course of radiation treatment. A comparison of two different steroid creams, 1% hydrocortisone cream and 0.05% clobetasone butyrate (Eumovate), in a double blind trial was carried out in 54 patients undergoing radiation therapy for breast cancer. 'The cream' was administered when patients reached a given dose of 2000 rad (or earlier if required) whether a skin reaction was present or not. The aim of the trial was to evaluate the general effectiveness of steroids in controlling radiation dermatitis and whether one type of cream was superior to the other. The majority of patients using either cream derived benefit in its soothing effect. There was, however, a significant difference in the intensity of reactions seen, patients using clobetasone butyrate developed more severe radiation reactions despite both groups having similar radiation doses. The possibility of two differing populations having different responses to radiation is discussed as is the 'breakthrough phenomenon' described in the literature. It is concluded that neither cream should be used as first choice in the control of radiation dermatitis.
Topical photodynamic therapy for prevention of new skin lesions in renal transplant recipients$$$ Preclinical data suggest that topical methyl aminolevulinate photodynamic therapy may have potential in preventing new skin lesions in transplant recipients. An open intra‐patient randomized study investigated the prevention potential of this treatment in 27 renal transplant patients with actinic keratoses and other skin lesions in two circular contralateral areas (5 cm diameter). The treatment area surface was debrided and methyl aminolevulinate cream (160 mg/g) was applied for 3 h prior to illumination by non‐coherent red light (570‐670 nm, light dose 75 J/cm2). The control area was not treated. The mean time to occurrence of the first new lesion was significantly longer in treated than control areas (9.6 vs 6.8 months, treatment difference 2.9 [95% confidence interval 0.2 to 5.5] months, p = 0.034). Over 12 months, 62% (16/26) of treated areas were free from new lesions compared with 35% (9/26) in control areas. These findings indicate that topical methyl aminolevulinate photodynamic therapy is a promising preventive treatment against new skin lesions in immunosuppressed patients.
GTL001, A Therapeutic Vaccine for Women Infected with Human Papillomavirus 16 or 18 and Normal Cervical Cytology: results of a Phase I Clinical Trial$$$ PURPOSE: Women infected with human papillomavirus (HPV) with normal cytology to mild abnormalities currently have no treatment options other than watchful waiting or surgery if high‐grade cervical lesions or cancer develop. A therapeutic vaccine would offer the possibility of preventing high‐grade lesions in HPV‐infected women. GTL001 is a therapeutic vaccine composed of recombinant HPV16 and HPV18 E7 proteins fused to catalytically inactive Bordetella pertussis CyaA. This study examined the tolerability and immunogenicity of GTL001 in women infected with HPV16 or HPV18 with normal cytology. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN: This was a phase I trial (EudraCT No. 2010‐018629‐21). In an open‐label part, subjects received two intradermal vaccinations 6 weeks apart of 100 or 600 μg GTL001 + topical 5% imiquimod cream at the injection site. In a double‐blind part, subjects were randomized 2:1:1 to two vaccinations 6 weeks apart of 600 μg GTL001 + imiquimod, 600 μg GTL001 + placebo cream, or placebo + imiquimod. RESULTS: Forty‐seven women were included. No dropouts, treatment‐related serious adverse events, or dose‐limiting toxicities occurred. Local reactions were transient and mostly mild or moderate. HPV16/18 viral load decreased the most in the 600 μg GTL001 + imiquimod group. In post hoc analyses, the 600 μg GTL001 + imiquimod group had the highest rates of initial and sustained HPV16/18 clearance. Imiquimod increased antigen‐specific T‐cell response rates but not rates of solicited reactions. All subjects seroconverted to CyaA. CONCLUSIONS: For women infected with HPV16 or HPV18 with normal cervical cytology, GTL001 was immunogenic and had acceptable safety profile. Clin Cancer Res$$$ 22(13)$$$ 3238‐48. ©2016 AACR.
Novel hyaluronan formulation for preventing acute skin reactions in breast during radiotherapy: a randomized clinical trial$$$ PURPOSE: We conducted a randomized, double‐blind, vehicle‐controlled clinical trial to investigate the use of a new proprietary hyaluronan (HA) formulation for the prevention of acute skin toxicity in breast cancer patients undergoing radiotherapy (RT). METHODS: Thirty women with breast cancer undergoing whole breast RT were enrolled. Each patient was randomly assigned to HA formulation (study cream, S) on the medial or lateral half of the irradiated breast and the control cream (placebo, P) on the other half. The primary endpoint was physician's evaluation of skin symptoms at week 5 during RT and week 2 post‐RT. We also collected patients' independent assessment of skin after RT, patient's product preference, and an independent physician panel assessment of skin reactions based on photographs. RESULTS: Twenty‐eight patients were evaluable. On physician's evaluation, there was no significant difference in radiation dermatitis between S and P and no overall preference to either cream at week 5 during or week 2 post‐RT. More patients preferred S in evaluating skin appearance and skin reactions, but this did not reach statistical significance. Univariate analysis showed that physicians had an overall preference to the S cream at week 2 post‐RT in patients with larger breasts. On the independent panel assessment, 3 reviewers saw no significant difference in radiation toxicity, whereas one reviewer reported better skin outcome with S cream at week 5. CONCLUSIONS: We found a nonstatistically significant patient preference but overall no significant radioprotective effects for this HA formulation compared with placebo except in patients with larger breasts. TRIAL REGISTRATION: The study was registered at www.clinicaltrials.gov (NCT02165605).
Protocol Paper: a Randomized Trial of 2 Creams in the Skin Care of Patients Receiving Radiation Therapy for Breast Cancer in the Tropics$$$ BACKGROUND: Nurses working in a northern Australia Radiation Therapy Unit advise all patients undergoing radiation therapy to use a readily available nonprescription moisturizing cream to minimize the severity of radiation skin reactions. However, patients report that the cream is thick and difficult to use in the humid tropical climate, and nurses anecdotally suspect an increase in severe skin reactions during the summer months. OBJECTIVE: This article presents the protocol for a randomized controlled trial that addressed a lack of evidence pertaining to the use of topical creams to prevent acute radiation skin reactions in a tropical climate. METHODS: Two skin care creams were used in the trial. The trial's primary outcome measure was the incidence of moist desquamation during treatment and 1 month after treatment completion. The secondary outcome was the participants' acceptance of the allocated cream at similar time points. RESULTS: Recruitment to the trial has been completed. Findings of the research will be reported in a separate publication. CONCLUSIONS: This article presents the protocol for a randomized controlled trial that addresses a lack of evidence pertaining to the use of topical creams to prevent acute radiation skin reactions in a tropical climate. IMPLICATIONS FOR PRACTICE: This protocol can be adapted by other researchers conducting practice‐based research.
Predictors of local adverse effects caused by topical tretinoin cream 0·1% in the Veterans Affairs Topical Tretinoin Chemoprevention trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Topical tretinoin is commonly prescribed, but its frequent adverse effects are barriers to use. Predictors of resistance or susceptibility to retinoid irritation are not known. OBJECTIVE: To identify baseline patient characteristics associated with adverse effects of topical tretinoin. METHODS: This cohort study used data collected from 324 participants in the Veterans Affairs Topical Tretinoin Chemoprevention trial who were randomized to apply tretinoin cream on the face and ears. Univariate and multivariate logistic regression models were used to examine the associations between baseline characteristics and local adverse effects. RESULTS: One hundred and ninety‐seven patients (61% of those randomized to tretinoin) reported local adverse effects within 6 months. Clinical signs of severe photodamage at baseline [odds ratio (OR) 0·15, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0·04‐0·54] and history of acne (OR 0·46, 95% CI 0·27‐0·77) were associated with a decreased risk of adverse effects to tretinoin. The use of other topical medications at enrolment (OR 1·88, 95% CI 1·15‐3·08) predicted an increase in adverse effects. CONCLUSIONS: In this study population, the common indications of topical tretinoin treatment were associated with lower risks of adverse effects. The concurrent use of other topical medications may worsen irritation caused by tretinoin.
Long-term follow-up results of a pilot study for nodular basal cell carcinoma with PDT using partial home treatment protocol$$$ SIGNIFICANCE: Evaluate a photodynamic therapy (PDT) protocol for low‐risk basal cell carcinoma (BCC) treatment that requires less time spent at the hospital and is less painful. APPROACH: Eight BCCs were selected, debulked, and received 20 % methyl aminolevulinate cream. After 3 h, the first irradiation was performed at the hospital (20 min, 150 J/cm2). Then, the cream was re‐applied, and a portable irradiation prototype was fixed to the skin around the lesion. After 1.5 h, the patients turned on the prototype for irradiation at home (for 2 h, totalizing 312 J/cm2). Disease‐free survival rate and pain score during irradiations were evaluated. RESULTS: The clearance at 30 days after PDT was 87.5 % by histological analysis. The mean follow‐up was 21.5 months and the recurrence‐free survival at 22 months was 75 %. The pain score was significantly lower at home. CONCLUSIONS: A potentially less painful and more comfortable PDT treatment protocol with proven long‐term efficiency is presented. A randomized clinical trial has been conducted to confirm these results.
Perianal-intrarectal anesthesia combined with periprostatic nerve block during transrectal ultrasound guided prostate biopsy: results from a prospective randomized study comparing lidocaine-nifedipine cream and lidocaine-prilocaine cream$$$ INTRODUCTION & OBJECTIVES: Periprostatic nerve block (PPNB) is the gold standard modality for pain control in patients undergoing transrectal ultrasound guided prostate biopsy (TRUS‐PB). However, it does not alleviate probe related anorectal pain and it may even add pain due to the transcapsular infiltration of anesthetics. Multiple topical agents have been tested to prevent this kind of pain. We compared the efficacy of perianal‐intrarectal (PI) lidocaine‐nifedipine cream and PI lidocaine‐prilocaine cream both in combination to PPNB during TRUS‐PB. MATERIAL & METHODS: From January 2010 to January 2013, we performed a prospective, randomized, double arm study. A total of 200 patients scheduled for TRUS‐PB were randomized to receive combined PI lidocaine‐nifedipin cream and PPNB (group A, n=100) or combined PI lidocaine‐prilocaine cream and PPNB (group B, n=100). Patients were blinded to the randomization. Exclusion criteria were: previous TRUS‐PB, known allergy to the study substances, chronic prostatitis/pelvic pain syndrome, analgesic medications. The PI anesthesia was performed by the same operator ten minutes before introducing the probe. The anaesthetic mixtures were massaged into the anterior rectal wall anal canal, and perianal skin. The PPNB was applied in both groups by infiltrating a solution of 5 mL lidocaine 1% and naropine 0.75% bilaterally into the neurovascular bundles with a 22 G spinal needle at the seminal vesicle‐bladder‐rectum angle. Biopsies were subsequently taken after 5 minutes using a 18 Gauge tru‐cut needle by the same operator with the patient in the lithotomy position, using the same probe, biopsy device and sampling scheme. The main outcome measure was pain intensity. Patients were asked to complete a visual analogue scale (VAS) questionnaire (0‐10) to score pain during probe insertion (VAS1), PPNB (VAS2), biopsy (VAS3), 30 minutes after biopsy (VAS4), the evening of the procedure (VAS5), and the day after biopsy (VAS6). The blood pressure and heart rate were measured before and after the procedure. Complications were categorized according to the modified Clavien‐Dindo system. RESULTS: The two cohorts were comparable for age, serum prostate specific antigen level, prostate volume and prevalence of anal or rectal pathology. The mean number of biopsy cores and cancer prevalence was also similar in both groups. Pain perceived during probe insertion and during PPNB execution was significantly lower in Group A (mean VAS1= 0.3 vs 2.7$$$ P = 0.03 and mean VAS2 = 0.8 vs 2.9$$$ P = 0.03). Not statistically significant differences emerged in terms of mean VAS 3 score (1.1 in Group A and 1.2 in Group B, P =0.7) mean VAS4 score (0.6 in Group A and mean 0.7 in Group B, P = 0.4), mean VAS5 score ( 0.5 in Group A and 0.6 in Group B, P = 0.1) as well as mean VAS6 score (0.2 in Group A and 0.2 in Group B, P = 0.3).There were no general or local side‐effects associated with local anaesthesia, and no change in cardiovascular variables. The overall incidence of complications was low with no significant differences between the two groups. All complications were minor (Clavien I/II). CONCLUSIONS: PI administration of lidocain‐nifedipin cream provides better control of pain related to probe insertion and PPNB execution during TRUS‐PB if compared to lidocain‐prilocain cream.
Topical simvastatin-cholesterol for disseminated superficial actinic porokeratosis: an open-label, split-body clinical trial$$$ Background/Objectives: Disseminated superficial actinic porokeratosis (DSAP) is a porokeratosis variant that is cosmetically disfiguring and may be associated with squamous cell carcinoma. It is an autosomal dominant condition caused by germline mutations in mevalonate pathway genes involved in cholesterol synthesis. Lesions are precipitated by ultraviolet radiation‐induced second‐hit mutations. Modulation of this pathway by topical simvastatin–cholesterol may lead to improvement. Methods: This open‐label, split‐body clinical trial was carried out in 2020 at a metropolitan dermatology clinic. Eight patients contributing 13 limb pairs were recruited. Limbs within each pair were randomly allocated to 2% simvastatin/2% cholesterol cream applied twice daily or bland emollients. Lesion number, erythema, scale and patient‐reported disease activity were measured at baseline and 6 weeks. Data were analysed using Bayesian ordinal logistic regression. Odds ratios compare the odds of a higher score at 6 weeks in treated limbs with the odds in controls. Values less than one indicate improvement. Results: Patients had a median age of 65 years (interquartile range [IQR] 58 to 69 years). The median baseline DLQI was 5 (range 2–21). Odds ratios were 0.12 (95% credible interval [CI] 0.01 to 0.72) for lesion number, 0.25 (95% CI 0.05 to 0.79) for erythema score, 0.18 (95% CI 0.03 to 0.64) for scale score and 0.33 (95% CI 0.09 to 0.89) for patient‐reported disease activity. Conclusions: Topical simvastatin–cholesterol cream improved lesion number, erythema and scale on treated limbs compared with controls. Patient‐reported disease activity also improved. These findings warrant confirmation in blinded, vehicle‐controlled trials.
Efficacy of a film-forming medical device containing sunscreen (50+) and piroxicam 0.8% in actinic keratosis and field cancerization: a multicenter, assessor-blinded, 3 month trial$$$ Introduction: Sunscreen protection in subjects with actinic keratosis (AK) is highly recommended to prevent clinical evolution of this in situ skin cancer condition. Use of topical anti‐cyclooxygenase drugs such as diclofenac and piroxicam reduces the number of lesions and improves the cancerization field. A film‐forming medical device in a cream formulation containing organic and inorganic sun‐filters (50+ SPF) and piroxicam 0.8% (ACTX) has shown in a pilot, single‐center, open trial to reduce AK lesions improving the cancerization field. Aim: We evaluated in a multicenter, assessor‐blinded, 3 month trial the efficacy of ACTX in AK. Methods: A total of 70 subjects with at least three AK lesions on the scalp or face were enrolled after written informed consent. Primary outcomes of the study were the clinical evolution of number of AK lesions on a target zone area and the evolution of dermoscopy features of the target lesion, assessing erythema, scaling, pigmentation, and follicular plug, using a 5 point score (from 0 to 4$$$ maximum score: 16). Lesion count and dermoscopy score were evaluated in a blind fashion assessing digital color high definition coded images. A secondary outcome was the Investigator Global Score (IGS) of clinical evolution of the target area using a 7 point scale from −2 (significantly worse) to +4 (completely cured). IGS was evaluated in an open fashion. Subjects were instructed to apply the cream twice daily on the target area, using one finger‐tip unit for the treatment of a 35 cm2 area. Results: All but one subject (40 men and 30 women, mean age 73 years) concluded the study period. At baseline the mean (±SD) number of AK lesions in the target area were 7.0 (5.9) with a median value of 5 and the dermoscopy score of the target lesion was 7.0 (2.3) with a median value of 7.0. ACTX treatment reduced AK lesions to 3.2 (2.9), (p =.0001$$$ Wilcoxon Test), representing a 55% relative reduction. Dermoscopy score was reduced to 3.3 (2.6) (p =.0001) (a reduction of 53%). The IGS after ACTX treatment was +1.9 (1.1), with a median of 2.0. A total of 86% of subjects showed a clinical improvement of IGS (≥1) with a very significant/complete clearance (score +3 or +4) in 42% subjects. No change or a worsening of AK lesions was observed in 14% of the subjects. The product was well tolerated. No serious adverse events were reported during the duration of the trial. Conclusion: In this multicenter, assessor‐blinded trial, the use of a film‐forming medical device with sun protection and anti‐inflammatory actions was effective in reducing AK lesions and improving the dermoscopy aspect of the target lesion in 86% of treated subjects. A head‐to‐head trial evaluating the efficacy of this medical device in comparison with diclofenac is warranted to establish whether this therapeutic approach could offer additional advantages in term of AK lesion reduction compared to an established topical treatment. (Trial ID: ISRCTN72020277).
Interim Results of a Pilot, Prospective, Randomized, Double-Blinded, Vehicle- and Comparator-Controlled Trial on Safety and Efficacy of a Topical Inhibitor of Janus Kinase 1/2 (Ruxolitinib INCB018424 Phosphate 1.5% Cream) for Non-Sclerotic and Superficially Sclerotic Chronic Cutaneous Graft-Versus-Host Disease$$$ Oral ruxolitinib has been successfully used for the treatment of acute and chronic graft‐versus‐host disease (cGvHD) and topical ruxolitinib has demonstrated efficacy in clinical trials for vitiligo, atopic dermatitis, and psoriasis. Background: There are no FDA‐approved topical treatments for cutaneous cGvHD. Topical corticosteroids are the mainstay of skin‐directed therapy for the inflammatory‐phase cutaneous cGvHD but are associated with significant side effects such as skin thinning, bruising, striae, infections, and acne, and may incompletely treat cutaneous cGvHD, prompting use of systemic therapies. Methods. We conducted a prospective, randomized, double‐blind, vehicle‐ and comparator‐controlled, phase 2, proof‐of‐concept trial evaluating the efficacy and safety of topical ruxolitinib 1.5% cream in patients 12 years of age or older with cutaneous nonsclerotic (lichen‐planus like, poikilodermatous) and superficially sclerotic (lichen sclerosus, morphea‐like) cGvHD with ≥2% of body surface area (BSA) affected at a single, academic transplantation center in the United States. Patients were only eligible to enroll if systemic therapy, when applicable, was stable for ≥ 4 weeks and concurrent topical therapy (including phototherapy) was not used. Patients were randomly assigned (1:1) to receive topical ruxolitinib 1.5% cream left side of face/body or right side of face/body with placebo vehicle cream to contralateral side of face/body twice daily to for 28 days, followed by an optional open label extension to both sides of 28 days for interested patients. The primary end point was efficacy as measured by BSA of the GvHD rash on the side of face/body treated with topical ruxolitinib cream vs contralateral side treated with vehicle at Day 28. Secondary endpoints were Physician's Global Assessment of clinical condition (PGA) and Composite Assessment of Index Lesion Severity (CAILS) of the ruxolitinib‐treated side vs vehicle‐treated side at Day 14 and 28. Interim analyses were performed once 10 patients were evaluable of the planned 24 patients. Results. Between 6/28/19 and 5/14/21, a total of 13 patients (mean age 52.6 years [SD 20.0]$$$ 7 [54%] female and 6 [46%] male) underwent randomization$$$ 11 patients completed Day 14 assessments, 12 patients Day 28 assessments, and 10 patients Day 56 assessments. Patients had a history of acute leukemia (N=8 [62%]), non‐Hodgkin lymphoma (N=3 [23%]), myeloproliferative neoplasm (N=1 [8%]), or aplastic anemia (N=1 [8%]). Median time from transplant to enrollment was 665 days (IQR 433‐1355), and from cGvHD onset to enrollment 283 days (IQR 115‐867). Chronic GvHD was NIH mild (8%), moderate (23%), or severe (62%), predominantly classic (85% vs. overlap 15%), with 46% having 4 or more involved organs. Most patients were enrolled for treatment of cutaneous nonsclerotic cGvHD (N=10, 77%) with lichen planus‐like (N=8), papulosquamous (N=1), and maculopapular rash/erythema features (N=1). Three patients were enrolled for treatment of lichen sclerosus‐like cGvHD. Patients were heavily pretreated with 4 (31%) having 3 or more prior lines of systemic therapy for cGvHD. Most patients had failed at least 2 topical therapies, with 77% previously failed topical steroids, 24% topical calcineurin inhibitors, and 24% phototherapy. There was a trend in reduced BSA of cGvHD on the treatment side compared to the vehicle side from Day 1 (13.4 on treatment/vehicle) to Day 14 (10.9 vs 13.8$$$ p=0.06) and continuing to Day 28 (7.7 vs 11.0$$$ p=0.15), respectively. PGA (Day 1: 5 treatment/vehicle) of treatment side was significantly improved starting at Day 14 (3.3 treatment vs 4.4 vehicle$$$ p=0.024), with continued improvement at Day 28 (2.5 vs 4.0$$$ p= 0.026). CAILS (Day 1: 15.6 treatment vs 15.5 vehicle$$$ p=0.83) of treatment side was also significantly improved starting at Day 14 (9.0 vs 13.3$$$ p=0.02). There were no serious adverse events (SAEs) reported. One patient had a grade 1 headache which was attributed possibly to therapy. Three patients had treatment‐emergent AEs (all grade 1) that were unlikely (N=1) or unrelated (N=2) to study therapy. Conclusions. Topical ruxolitinib 1.5% cream was effective in treating cutaneous nonsclerotic and superficially sclerotic GvHD as determined by PGA and CAILS. These data suggest that ruxolitinib cream might be a safe and effective treatment option for patients with cutaneous nonsclerotic and superficially sclerotic chronic GvHD. [Formula presented] Disclosures: Markova: Alira Health Ventures: Consultancy$$$ Incyte Corporation: Research Funding$$$ Blueprint Medicines: Consultancy$$$ UpToDate: Patents & Royalties: Royalties for chapter on dermatologic adverse events to targeted therapies$$$ Amryt Pharma: Research Funding. Perales: MorphoSys: Honoraria$$$ Omeros: Honoraria$$$ Cidara: Honoraria$$$ Incyte: Honoraria, Other$$$ Equilium: Honoraria$$$ Medigene: Honoraria$$$ Kite/Gilead: Honoraria, Other$$$ Karyopharm: Honoraria$$$ Sellas Life Sciences: Honoraria$$$ Novartis: Honoraria, Other$$$ Nektar Therapeutics: Honoraria, Other$$$ Servier: Honoraria$$$ Miltenyi Biotec: Honoraria, Other$$$ NexImmune: Honoraria$$$ Celgene: Honoraria$$$ Merck: Honoraria$$$ Takeda: Honoraria$$$ Bristol‐Myers Squibb: Honoraria. Prockop: Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center: Other: S Prockop receives support for the conduct of sponsored clinical trials through MSK from Atara Biotherapeutics, Jasper and AlloVir., Patents & Royalties: S Prockop is a co‐inventor on intellectual property (IP) licensed to Atara. S Prockop has waived rights to this IP to MSK and has no personal financial interests in Atara. MSK has financial interests in Atara and IP interests relevant to this abstract.$$$ MSK: Other: Inventor$$$ Neovii: Consultancy$$$ ADMA Biologics: Consultancy$$$ Jasper: Other: support for the conduct of sponsored trials$$$ AlloVir: Other: support for the conduct of sponsored trials$$$ Atara Biotherapeutics: Other: support for the conduct of sponsored trials and Inventor. Ponce: Kadmon pharmaceuticals: Consultancy, Honoraria$$$ Ceramedix: Consultancy, Honoraria$$$ CareDx: Consultancy, Honoraria$$$ Seres Therapeutics: Consultancy, Research Funding$$$ Generon Pharmaceuticals: Consultancy$$$ Takeda Pharmaceuticals: Research Funding.
Integrative research: using mixed methods approach$$$ Purpose: Anal cancer is a growing public health concern for immunocompromised people.The mainstay of customary treatment is based on ablative therapy particularly cold knife surgical removal and/or fulguration of the affected area. This research study is a phase II randomized blinded cancer integrative medicine Chinese herb efficacy trial for treatment of anal HSIL in HIV‐positive people using both qualitative and quantitative methods. Methods: This study is a 60‐week, randomized placebo‐controlled trial of a Chinese topical herbal medicine cream in 60 participants ( the University of California at San Francisco Cancer Research Center. Both qualitative and quantitative methods are used in the project. The Chinese traditional medicine diagnoses will be correlated with western‐based bio‐markers, and a qualitative survey instrument. Results: In this study we are working to develop a model of interpreting HSIL, especially with HIV co‐infection, according to Chinese traditional diagnoses in order to gain experience integrating Western and Eastern approaches. The inclusion of qualitative research methods will bring the lived experience of the research participants in to the analysis of the outcomes of this research project. While this is exploratory, it could lend credibility to the Chinese medicine paradigm and lead other CAM researchers to consider the use of blend qualitative and quantitative research methods. Conclusion: All 60 research particpants have been recrutied and 52 have completed the study. Outome of the study have not been finalized but preliminarty results will be presented.
Long-term efficacy and safety of Jessner's solution and 35% trichloroacetic acid vs 5% fluorouracil in the treatment of widespread facial actinic keratoses$$$ BACKGROUND: Few studies have examined the long‐term efficacy of fluorouracil (FU) or chemical peels for the treatment of actinic keratoses (AK). Our earlier work examined the efficacy and safety of a medium‐depth chemical peel compared with the standard regimen of topical FU in the treatment of widespread facial AK through 12 months. OBJECTIVES: To determine long‐term efficacy of both treatments by extending our observations through 32 months. METHODS: Fifteen patients with severe facial actinic damage were treated on the left side with a single application of Jessner's solution and 35% trichloroacetic acid and on the right side with twice daily applications of 5% FU cream for 3 weeks. Parameters evaluated at 1, 6, 12, and 32 months included counts of visible AK, random skin biopsies from both treatment areas, development of intercurrent neoplasms, and surveys assessing sun exposure. RESULTS: Eight patients were available for reevaluation at 32 months. Both treatment sides showed a reduction in mean number of AK at 12 months followed by an increase in mean AK number between 12 and 32 months. Improvements in biopsies of clinically actinically damaged skin were seen in keratinocytic atypia, hyperkeratosis, parakeratosis, and inflammation at all treatment times during the study with both treatments. Three squamous cell carcinomas developed in the patients after initial treatment$$$ one developed on the side treated with the peel, and two developed on the side treated with fluorouracil. Surveys failed to demonstrate an association between sun exposure and clinical response. CONCLUSION: Based on these findings, patient with widespread actinic keratoses treated with medium‐depth chemical peel or with 5% FU should be reevaluated yearly or every 1.5 years for reappearance of AK and retreatment.
Topical testosterone for breast cancer patients with vaginal atrophy related to aromatase inhibitors: a phase I/II study$$$ PURPOSE: Controversy exists about whether vaginal estrogens interfere with the efficacy of aromatase inhibitors (AIs) in breast cancer patients. With the greater incidence of vaginal atrophy in patients on AIs, a safe and effective nonestrogen therapy is necessary. We hypothesized that vaginal testosterone cream could safely treat vaginal atrophy in women on AIs. METHODS: Twenty‐one postmenopausal breast cancer patients on AIs with symptoms of vaginal atrophy were treated with testosterone cream applied to the vaginal epithelium daily for 28 days. Ten women received a dose of 300 μg, 10 received 150 μg, and one was not evaluable. Estradiol levels, testosterone levels, symptoms of vaginal atrophy, and gynecologic examinations with pH and vaginal cytology were compared before and after therapy. RESULTS: Estradiol levels remained suppressed after treatment to <8 pg/mL. Mean total symptom scores improved from 2.0 to 0.7 after treatment (p < .001) and remained improved 1 month thereafter (p = .003). Dyspareunia (p = .0014) and vaginal dryness (p <.001) improved. The median vaginal pH decreased from 5.5 to 5.0 (p = .028). The median maturation index rose from 20% to 40% (p < .001). Although improvement in total symptom score was similar for both doses (‐1.3 for 300 μg, ‐0.8 for 150 μg$$$ p = .37), only the 300‐μg dose was associated with improved pH and maturation values. CONCLUSIONS: A 4‐week course of vaginal testosterone was associated with improved signs and symptoms of vaginal atrophy related to AI therapy without increasing estradiol or testosterone levels. Longer‐term trials are warranted.
Topical use of phytotherapic cream (Capilen® cream) to prevent radiodermatitis in breast cancer: a prospective historically controlled clinical study$$$ Aim. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the ability of a topical phytotherapic product (Capilen® cream) to limit acute radiodermitis and delay the use of corticosteroids in patients with breast cancer (BC). Methods. From January 2012 to August 2012, 30 consecutive patients, undergoing radiotherapy with adjuvant intent, were invited to use Capilen® cream two times daily two weeks before and during radiotherapy. An historical group was used as an external control. Acute skin toxicity was scored weekly according to RTOG/EORTC criteria. Time of occurrence of acute skin toxicity was taken as endpoint. Results. Compliance was good. Overall, no significative statistical difference was observed in rate of acute radiation dermatitis, 46.7% in experimental arm versus 63.3% in the historical control group, although only 3.3% of Capilen® cream treated patients had a G3 acute radiation dermatitis versus 10% of the control group. A delay in the onset of radition dermatitis in patients treated with Capilen® cream (P=0.04) was showed. Conclusion. Our findings suggested that Capilen® cream plays a role in reducing acute radiation dermatitis in breast cancer patients treated with adjuvant radiotherapy. Further evidence is needed to confirm these results.
A Randomized Single-Blinded Phase II Trial Comparing Efficacy and Quality of Life of Topical Aloe Vera Gel Plus Urea Cream Versus Urea Cream Alone for Prevention of Hand Foot Syndrome in Cancer Patients Receiving Capecitabine$$$ INTRODUCTION: Capecitabine has been widely prescribed to treat various cancers. The hand foot syndrome (HFS) is the most troublesome adverse effect. Urea cream has been pre‐emptively co‐prescribed, even though its efficacy is doubtful. Aloe vera gel with urea cream might potentiate each other. This trial was intended to prove the efficacy of this combination. MATERIALS AND METHODS: The investigators conducted a randomized single‐blinded phase II study. The participants were randomized 1:1 to receive the combination of aloe vera gel and 10% urea cream (n = 30), the experimental A+U arm and 10% urea cream alone (n = 31), the U arm. The sample size was calculated to have 90% power to show the significant 20% reduction in the incidence of HFS grade 2‐3 of the combination therapy with alpha level = 0.05. Both the CTCAE criteria version 5 and the dermatology life quality index (DLQI) were assessed to determine the severity of HFS and quality of life, respectively. RESULTS: Most of the participants had rectal cancer (A+U: 43.3%$$$ U: 41.9%). In the A+U group, 86.7% had grade 0‐1 HFS and 13.3% had grade 2‐3 HFS. In the U group, 64.5% had grade 0‐1 HFS and 35.5% had grade 2‐3 HFS (Mann‐Whitney U test, p = 0.045). Grade 2‐3 HFS was significantly lower in the combination group. CONCLUSION: Combination of aloe vera gel and 10% urea cream ameliorated the severity of HFS in participants taking capecitabine$$$ however, no significant difference in DLQI between the groups was demonstrated.
Efficacy and safety of 0.5% colchicine cream versus 5% 5-fluorouracil cream in the treatment of cutaneous field cancerization: a randomized clinical trial$$$ BACKGROUND: 5‐Fluorouracil (5‐FU) is a first‐line drug to treat cutaneous field cancerization (CFC). There are few clinical trials with topical colchicine (COL). OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effectiveness of 0.5% COL cream versus 5% 5‐FU cream in the treatment of CFC. METHOD: This was a randomized, open, self‐controlled clinical trial. Forty‐five patients (90 forearms), with three to ten actinic keratoses (AK) on each forearm, used 0.5% COL cream 2×/day for seven days on one forearm, and 5% 5‐FU cream 2× /day, for 21 days, on the other forearm. The dosages were defined based on previous clinical trials for each drug. Adverse effects were evaluated after 14 days and outcomes after 90 days of inclusion. The primary outcome was complete AK clearance and the secondary outcomes were: partial clearance (≥50%), reduction in AK count, assessment of the Forearm Photoaging Scale (FPS), AK Severity Score (AKSS), and adverse effects. RESULTS: After 90 days, there was complete clearance of AK in 37% (95% CI 24%‐49%) and partial clearance in 85% (95% CI 76%‐93%) of the forearms treated with 5‐FU,versus 17% (95% CI 7%‐27%) and 78% (95% CI 66%‐88%) for COL (p > 0.07). There was a percentage reduction of 75% in the AK count of the forearms treated with 5‐FU (95% CI 66%‐83%) and 64% in those treated with COL (95% CI 55%‐72%). Regarding FPS and AKSS, there was improvement in both groups, with no difference regarding FPS (p = 0.654), and 5‐FU superiority for AKSS (p = 0.012). STUDY LIMITATIONS: Single‐center study. CONCLUSIONS: 5‐FU and COL are effective for treating CFC, with neither showing superiority regarding the reduction in AK counts.
Improvement of dietary quality with the aid of a low glycemic index diet in Asian patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus$$$ OBJECTIVES: This randomized controlled study was conducted to determine the effect of low glycemic index (GI) dietary advice on eating patterns and dietary quality in Asian patients with type 2 diabetes (T2DM). METHODS: Asian patients with T2DM (N  =  104) were randomized into 2 groups that received either low GI or conventional carbohydrate exchange (CCE) dietary advice for 12 weeks. Nutritional prescriptions were based on the medical nutrition therapy for T2DM, with the difference being in the GI component of the carbohydrates. Dietary intake and food choices were assessed with the use of a 3‐day food record. RESULTS: At week 12, both groups achieved the recommendations for carbohydrate (52 ± 4% and 54 ± 4% of energy) and fat (30 ± 4% and 28 ± 5% of energy) intake. There were no significant differences in the reported macronutrient intake in both groups. With the low GI diet, crude fiber and dietary calcium intake increased, while the dietary GI reduced. Subjects in the lowest dietary glycemic index/glycemic load (GI/GL) quartile consumed more parboiled/basmati rice, pasta, milk/dairy products, fruits, and dough, which are foods from the low GI category. There was a significant reduction in the hemoglobin A(1c) level at week 12 for patients in the lowest GI/GL quartile (Δ  =  ‐0.7 ± 0.1%) compared with those in the highest GI/GL quartile (Δ  =  ‐0.1 ± 0.2%). CONCLUSIONS: These results demonstrate the ability of low GI dietary advice to improve the dietary quality of Asian patients with T2DM.
The association of total milk intake, the IGF-I axis, and growth at 1 year of age: baseline results from the Toddler Milk Intervention (TOMI) Trial$$$ Objectives and Study: Higher milk protein intake during the first years of life has been associated with more rapid early weight gain and increased later obesity, potentially mediated by the upregulated insulin‐like growth factor I (IGF‐I) axis. We investigated the associations of total milk intake from conventional infant and follow‐on formulae and cows' milk at 1 year with serum IGF‐I, insulin‐like growth factor‐binding protein 3 (IGFBP‐3), IGF‐I/IGFBP‐3 molar ratio, insulin, and glucose. Methods: We included 778 healthy, term infants recruited at 1 year of age in Germany and Spain for the ongoing double‐blind, randomized Toddler Milk Intervention (TOMI) trial (NCT02907502) with serum measurements of the IGF‐I axis components and data on milk consumption at baseline. Data on socioeconomic status, child and mother characteristics, general health, and food behaviour questionnaires were available to control for confounding in multivariate regression analyses. Results: Children with mean age of 55 ± 2 (SD) weeks differed by study country with regard to socioeconomic status, feeding practices, blood markers, and anthropometry. The median total milk intake was 530 (420, 715) ml/day (25th, 75th percentile) with 150 (80, 300) ml/day from cows' milk$$$ Spanish children consumed on average 150 ml/day more milk independently of sex and weight‐forage z‐score (WAZ) (p<0.001). Children of low educated mothers consumed 210 ml/day more milk than those of highly educated mothers (p<0.001). The median IGF‐I concentration was 67.0 (45.2, 90.3) ng/ml in Spain and 55.4 (41.9, 71.2) ng/ml in Germany (p<0.001) and increased from 54.7 ng/ml in participants with high maternal education level to 74 ng/ml with low maternal education level (p<0.001). For each SD increase in WAZ, IGF‐I levels increased by 16% (p<0.001). The median insulin concentration was 2.5 (1.5, 4.1) μU/ml, with German subjects having somewhat higher levels (p=0.043). Total milk intake and IGF‐I at 1 year were weakly correlated with baseline body mass index‐for‐age z‐score (rs=0.16 and rs=0.22, respectively, p<0.001) and weight gain z‐score from birth to 1 year (rs=0.12 and rs=0.30, respectively, p<0.01). IGF‐I was positively associated with total milk intake at 1 year when controlling for sex, birth and baseline WAZ (% Δ: +1.4% per 100 ml milk$$$ 95% CI: 0.1, 2.7, p= 0.035). IGFBP‐3 and IGF‐I/IGFBP‐3 increased with higher milk consumption. All these associations were attenuated in fully adjusted models controlling further for socioeconomic status, study country, smoking in pregnancy, and breastfeeding practises. Glucose and insulin were unrelated to total milk intake. Formula milk intake effects were only seen in unadjusted and partly adjusted models. Cows' milk was positively associated with insulin levels in all models. In a country‐stratified sub‐analysis no associations between the biomarkers and the milk consumption were seen. Conclusions: Total milk intake at 1 year of age was positively associated with IGF‐I in a model adjusting for typical covariates other studies used. However, statistical significance was lost after further adjustment. Apart from the milk protein quantity, the protein quality and source might influence the growth‐promoting hormones. The TOMI intervention trial will further investigate the effects of milk protein intake on growth and the IGF‐I axis in the second year of life.
Inpatient-outpatient randomized comparison of Cambridge diet versus milk diet in 17 obese women over 24 weeks$$$ Twenty‐two obese women were recruited for a prospective cross‐over trial of the effects of either the Cambridge Diet (CD) or 1200 ml milk with iron and vitamin supplements (milk) during a three‐week inpatient study, then 20 weeks as outpatients, then a final week as inpatients. Five dropped out, leaving eight who took initially milk and then CD and nine who took CD and then milk. Within each diet group five women had their jaws wired together during the outpatient phase. The four groups (CD/milk, with/without jaw wiring) were initially well matched for age, height, weight and resting metabolic rate (RMR). There was no significant difference (by unpaired t test) between the groups during the initial inpatient phase in rate of weight loss, or N loss/kg weight loss, but patients on CD during days 13‐22 had a greater daily N loss than those on milk (2.08 vs 0.28 g N/day, P = 0.02). When the change in weight loss, N loss and N/kg weight loss on changing diet within a patient group was compared by paired t test the patients changing from milk to CD showed no significant change, but patients changing from CD to milk showed a reduced rate of weight loss (0.36‐0.23 kg/day$$$ P = 0.012), a reduced N loss (2.02‐0.28 g N/day$$$ P = 0.0013) and reduced loss of N/kg (6.26 to 1.02 g N/kg$$$ P = 0.025). During the outpatient phase weight loss was not significantly related to the diet, but patients with jaws wired lost more weight than those without jaw wiring (0.151 vs 0.077 kg/day$$$ P = 0.04).(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Body mass interacts with fat quality to determine the postprandial lipoprotein response in healthy young adults$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Postprandial lipemia predicts the evolution of cardiovascular disease. Obesity is associated with an increase in the magnitude of postprandial lipemia. Our objective was to evaluate the influence of body mass index (BMI) on the effects of acute ingestion of different types of fat on the postprandial lipemic response. METHODS AND RESULTS: Twenty‐one healthy men followed a 4‐week baseline diet and then consumed three fat‐loaded meals that included 1g fat/kg body wt (65%fat) according to a randomized crossover design. The compositions of the three meals were olive oil meal (22% saturated fatty acids (SFA), 38% monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA), 4% polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA))$$$ butter meal (35% SFA, 22% MUFA, 4% PUFA)$$$ walnuts meal (20% SFA, 24% MUFA, 16% PUFA, and 4% α‐linolenic acid). Higher‐weight (HW) subjects (BMI greater than the median 26.18 kg/m(2), n = 11) presented higher incremental area under the curve (iAUC) for triglycerides (TG), both in large‐ and small‐TG rich lipoproteins (TRL) than lower‐weight (LW) subjects (BMI<26.18 kg/m(2), n = 10) (p<0.05), and a similar trend for plasma TG (p = 0.084). Moreover, HW subjects presented higher concentrations for small TRL‐cholesterol and small TRL‐TG in different timepoints of the postprandial lipemia after the intake of enriched walnuts or butter meals compared with the olive oil‐enriched meal (p < 0.05) No significant differences were observed between the three types of meals in the postprandial response of LW subjects. CONCLUSION: HW subjects present a greater postprandial response than LW subjects, and they benefit from the consumption of monounsaturated fatty acids from olive oil, to lower their levels of TRL particles during the postprandial state.
Total polyphenol intake estimated by a modified Folin-Ciocalteu assay of urine$$$ BACKGROUND: Plant polyphenols have been studied largely because of the possibility that they might underlie the protective effects afforded by fruit and vegetable intake against cancer and other chronic diseases. Measurement of polyphenol content excreted in urine as an indicator of polyphenol consumption may offer a routine screening method that could be used for these pathologies. METHODS: Thirty‐six healthy volunteers each received 2 interventions, one with a polyphenol‐rich food (cocoa beverage) and one with a polyphenol‐free food (milk) as a control, in a randomized cross‐over design with 1‐week intervals. The total polyphenol content excreted in urine during the 6 h after consumption of the test meals was measured by a modified Folin‐Ciocalteu assay after sample cleanup by solid‐phase extraction. RESULTS: The mean (SD) concentrations of polyphenols excreted in the urine 6 h after consumption of the test meals differed significantly: 140.95 (49.27) mg catechin/g of creatinine after the polyphenol‐rich meal vs 90.43 (46.07) mg catechin/g of creatinine after the control meal (P <0.05). CONCLUSIONS: This method allows analysis of a large number of samples per day, which is ideal for use in epidemiologic studies and may enable estimation of polyphenol consumption and determination of their possible role in preventing of certain pathologies, such as cancer, cardiovascular and degenerative diseases.
Comparing the Efficacy of Myo-Inositol Plus α-Lactalbumin vs. Myo-Inositol Alone on Reproductive and Metabolic Disturbances of Polycystic Ovary Syndrome$$$ Despite the beneficial effect of myo‐inositol on metabolic, hormonal, and reproductive parameters of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) patients, 28% to 38% could be resistant to this treatment. The combination with the milk protein α‐lactalbumin can be a useful therapeutic approach to overcome inositol resistance and achieve ovulation in these women. This open‐label prospective study aimed to compare the effects of supplementing myo‐inositol plus α‐lactalbumin vs myo‐inositol alone on reproductive and metabolic abnormalities in PCOS. A total of 50 anovulatory women with a PCOS diagnosis were randomly assigned to receive myo‐inositol alone or a combination of myo‐inositol and α‐lactalbumin for three months. Anthropometric measures, hormonal levels, and menstrual cycle duration were collected at baseline and after treatment. The therapy with myo‐inositol plus α‐lactalbumin improved both ovulation rate and menstrual cycle duration more than myo‐inositol alone. The body weight was significantly reduced in women receiving myo‐inositol plus α‐lactalbumin, while patients in the myo‐inositol group experienced no change. In addition, the improvement of hyperandrogenism was more prominent in patients treated with myo‐inositol plus α‐lactalbumin. The benefits of associating myo‐inositol and α‐lactalbumin clearly make this combination a true edge in the management of PCOS.
Contrasting Postprandial Triglyceride Response of Two Niacin Formulations and Regimen To Modify Coronary Heart Disease Risk$$$ Lead Author’s Financial Disclosure: Nothing to disclose. Study Funding: None. Background/Synopsis: Triglyceridemia and especially, postprandial triglyceride (ppTG) elevation raise coronary heart disease (CHD) risk, and niacin can lower ppTGs. Dosed thrice daily with meals, immediate‐release niacin (IRNA) and a delayed‐release pro‐drug lowered events in two separate CHD outcomes trials. However, dosed once daily at bedtime before the nocturnal fast, extended release niacin (ERNA) failed to lower CHD events beyond a statin in two trials. To lower ppTG and CHD risk, niacin may require mealtime and/or multiple daily dosing to achieve the desired outcome. Objective/Purpose: To evaluate niacin's ability to lower ppTG with 2g by single‐dose ERNA and multiply‐dosed IRNA compared to placebo in patients with/without dyslipidemia. Methods: In a random‐order double‐blinded crossover study, 26 dyslipidemics and 22 normolipidemics underwent oral fat tolerance tests (OFTTs) with heavy cream (50 g/m2 fat), followed for 12 hours, crossing over to receive placebo, ERNA (2g x1) and/or IRNA (0.5g x4 q2h). We assessed ppTGs by incremental peak (mg/dL) and incremental area under the curve (incPeak, incAUC 0‐12h, mg/dL*h) as well as the entire area under the curve (AUC). Results: On placebo, normolipidemics had a ppTG incPeak of +113 and incAUC +299/AUC 1563. In dyslipidemics ppTG incPeak was +134, incAUC +771/AUC 2035 on placebo, and on IRNA ppTG incPeak was +78, incAUC +290 (p=0.001 vs placebo)/AUC 1554 (p=0.001). Thus, IRNA effectively normalized ppTGs (p>0.9 vs normolipidemics). On ERNA, ppTG incPeak was +123, incAUC +660/AUC 1864 (both p=0.20 vs placebo). Contrary to the effect of IRNA, ERNA failed to effectively suppress ppTGs in dyslipidemics. Moreover, IRNA lowered ppTGs significantly more than ERNA (both p=0.001). Conclusions: At a total 2g dose, mealtime‐dosed IRNA robustly lowered ppTG in dyslipidemics, resembling normolipidemics’ response. However, a single dose of 2g ERNA failed to lower ppTG. This suggests that simply re‐timing ERNA with meals may not lower ppTG, and multiple dosing may also be necessary. Our results clearly show the importance of pharmacokinetics on effective ppTG lowering. Mealtime doses of niacin can reduce CHD risk by effectively lowering ppTG, but not daily ERNA timed dosing prior to the nocturnal fast.
Contrasting postprandial triglyceride response of two niacin formulations and regimen to reduce coronary heart disease risk$$$ Introduction: Triglyceridemia and especially, postprandial triglyceride (ppTG) elevation raise coronary heart disease (CHD) risk, and niacin can lower ppTGs. Dosed thrice daily with meals, immediate‐release niacin (IRNA) and a delayed‐release pro‐drug lowered events in two separate CHD outcomes trials. However, dosed once daily at bedtime before the nocturnal fast, extended release niacin (ERNA) failed to lower CHD events beyond a statin in two trials. To lower ppTG and CHD risk, niacin may require mealtime and/or multiple daily dosing to achieve the desired outcome. Aim: To evaluate niacin's ability to lower ppTG with 2g by single‐dose ERNA and multiply‐dosed IRNA compared to placebo in patients with/without dyslipidemia. Methods: In a random‐order double‐blinded crossover study, 26 dyslipidemics and 22 normolipidemics underwent oral fat tolerance tests (OFTTs) with heavy cream (50 g/m fat), followed for 12 hours, crossing over to receive placebo, ERNA (2g x1), and/or IRNA (0.5g x4 q2h). We assessed ppTGs by incremental peak (mg/dL) and incremental area under the curve (incPeak, incAUC 0‐12h, mg/dL∗h) as well as the entire area under the curve (AUC). Results: On placebo, normolipidemics had a ppTG incPeak of +113 and incAUC +299/AUC 1563. In dyslipidemics ppTG incPeak was +134, incAUC +771/AUC 2035 on placebo, and on IRNA ppTG incPeak was +78, incAUC +290 (p=0.001 vs placebo)/AUC 1554 (p=0.001). Thus, IRNA effectively normalized ppTGs (p>0.9 vs normolipidemics). On ERNA, ppTG incPeak was +123, incAUC +660/AUC 1864 (both p=0.20 vs placebo). Contrary to the effect of IRNA, ERNA failed to effectively suppress ppTGs in dyslipidemics. Moreover, IRNA lowered ppTGs significantly more than ERNA (both p=0.001). Conclusions: At a total 2g dose, mealtime‐dosed IRNA robustly lowered ppTG in dyslipidemics, resembling normolipidemics' response. However, a single dose of 2g ERNA failed to lower ppTG. This suggests that simply re‐timing ERNA with meals may not lower ppTG, and multiple dosing may also be necessary. Our results clearly show the importance of pharmacokinetics on effective ppTG lowering. Mealtime doses of niacin can reduce CHD risk by effectively lowering ppTG, but not daily ERNA timed dosing prior to the nocturnal fast.
Milk-induced eczema is associated with the expansion of T cells expressing cutaneous lymphocyte antigen$$$ The extravasation of T cells at sites of inflammation is critically dependent on the activity of homing receptors (HR) involved in endothelial cell recognition and binding. Two such HR (the cutaneous lymphocyte antigen [CLA] and L‐selectin) have been shown to be selectively involved in T cell migration to skin and peripheral lymph nodes, respectively. This study was designed to assess the relationship between the organ specificity of an allergic reaction to food and the expression of HR on T cells activated in vitro by the relevant food allergen. Peripheral blood mononuclear cells were isolated from seven milk allergic children with a history of eczema when exposed to milk. All patients had a positive prick skin test and double‐blind placebo‐controlled food challenge to milk. 10 children with either allergic eosinophilic gastroenteritis or milk‐induced enterocolitis and 8 nonatopic adults served as controls. Five‐parameter flow cytometry using monoclonal antibodies was used for detection of the specific HR on freshly isolated T cells versus T cell blasts induced by a 6‐d incubation with casein, as compared with Candida albicans. After in vitro stimulation with casein, but not C. albicans, patients with milk allergy and atopic dermatitis had a significantly greater percentage of CLA+ T cells (P < 0.01) than controls with milk‐induced enterocolitis, allergic eosinophilic gastroenteritis, or nonatopic healthy controls. In contrast, the percentage of L‐selectin‐expressing T cells did not differ significantly between these groups. These data suggest that after casein stimulation allergic patients with milk‐induced skin disease have an expanded population of CLA+ T cells, as compared with nonatopics or allergic patients without skin involvement. We postulate that heterogeneity in the regulation of HR expression on antigen‐specific T cells may play a role in determining sites of involvement in tissue‐directed allergic responses.
Effects of silymarin supplementation during transition and lactation on reproductive performance, milk composition and haematological parameters in sows$$$ Silymarin has been shown to be a multiple‐functional plant extract having antioxidant, hepatoprotective, hypolipidemic, antihypertensive, antidiabetic and anti‐obesity effects. In recent years, the galactagogue effects of silymarin in animals and humans have also been revealed. This research was conducted to test whether dietary inclusion of silymarin during transition and lactation could impact reproductive performance of sows and to explore the underlying mechanisms. From day 108 of gestation to weaning, sows were randomly assigned to receive dietary treatment of silymarin (40 g/day) or not and were designated as control group (CGP, n = 55) or treatment group (TGP, n = 55). The results showed that piglets' average daily gain and average weaning weight were higher in TGP than CGP sows. In comparison with the CGP sows, the TGP sows had higher serum concentrations of catalase (CAT) on day 18 of lactation and glutathione peroxidase (GSH‐Px) on day 7 of lactation. The TGP sows had lower concentration of TNF‐α on day 7 of lactation and significantly lower concentration of IL‐1β on day 18 of lactation than CGP sows. There was significantly higher serum concentration of PRL on day 7 of lactation in sows consuming silymarin than sows from the CGP group. On day 18 of lactation, the protein and urea contents in milk were significantly increased while the serum urea concentration was significantly decreased in TGP sows. In summary, our results indicate that silymarin supplementation during transition and lactation can increase circulating concentrations of PRL transiently, reduce oxidative stress, increase feed intake and enhance protein metabolism, thereby significantly increasing milk yield of sows and subsequently improving growth performance of their offsprings.
Increased satiety after intake of a chocolate milk drink compared with a carbonated beverage, but no difference in subsequent ad libitum lunch intake$$$ The rising rate of obesity has been blamed on increased consumption of sugar‐sweetened soft drinks, such as carbonated sodas, which fail to satisfy hunger. The objective of the present study was to compare the effect on appetite and energy intake of a sugar‐sweetened beverage (cola) and a chocolate milk drink, matched for energy content and volume. It was hypothesised that chocolate milk may be more satiating because of its protein content. Twenty‐two healthy young men (age 23 (SD 1 x 8) years) of normal weight (BMI 22 x 2 (SD 1 x 5) kg/m2) were recruited to the randomised cross‐over study. Visual analogue scales were used to record subjective appetite ratings every 30 min on each of two test days. A drink of 500 ml cola or chocolate milk (900 kJ) was ingested 30 min before an ad libitum lunch. Satiety and fullness were significantly greater (P=0 x 0007, P=0 x 0004, respectively) 30 min after chocolate milk than after cola. Ratings of prospective consumption and hunger were significantly greater after cola than after chocolate milk, both immediately after preload intake (P=0 x 008, P=0 x 01, respectively) and 30 min afterwards (P=0 x 004, P=0 x 01, respectively). There was no significant difference (P=0 x 42) in ad libitum lunch intake after ingestion of chocolate milk (3145 (SD 1268) kJ) compared with cola (3286 (SD 1346) kJ). The results support the hypothesis that sweetened soft drinks are different from milk products in their impact on short‐term hunger and satiety, although differences in subjective appetite scores were not translated into differences in energy intake.
Beneficial effects of a topical foam cream product in a study on subjects with type 1 and type 2 diabetic foot skin xerosis$$$ Aim: The purpose of this double‐blind randomized vehicle‐controlled in‐home use and clinical study was to evaluate the effectiveness of a topically applied medical device foam cream on dry skin of diabetic feet. Methods: Measurements of skin moisture were performed using corneometry (hydration) and transepidermal water loss (barrier function). General appearance (digital photography) of the skin was also evaluated. Subjective and objective evaluations of xerosis parameters were performed before, during and after the test period. Results: A significant increase in skin hydration of the feet treated with the active foam cream was observed compared to vehicle foam cream. Measurement of skin capacitance demonstrated a significant improvement when treated with the active foam cream. Transepidermal water loss (TEWL) was reduced for both treatments. After an application period of 2 weeks improved barrier function was observed for the active foam cream. Both, subject and clinical observations showed an improvement of visual skin appearance with the observed improvement being advantageous toward the active foam cream. Conclusion: The active medical device foam cream performed better regarding barrier function, hydration and overall visual skin appearance of the feet. All findings were well correlated and with the observed improvement favouring the active foam cream.
Effect of a weight-loss program on mental stress-induced cardiovascular responses and recovery$$$ OBJECTIVE: We assessed the effect of weight loss on blood pressure (BP) and pulse rate during rest, psychological stress, and recovery after stress. METHODS: Two groups of men completed two mental stress tests 12 wk apart. The control group continued their usual diet, whereas the weight‐loss group underwent a dietary weight‐loss program in which they were randomized to a high‐fruit/vegetable and low‐fat dairy diet or a low‐fat diet. RESULTS: Fifty‐five men with a baseline BP of 125.9 +/‐ 6.9/83.6 +/‐ 7.1 mmHg (mean +/‐ SD) completed the study (weight‐loss group, n = 28$$$ control group, n = 27). The weight‐loss group lost weight (mean +/‐ SEM, ‐4.3 +/‐ 0.3 versus +0.4 +/‐ 0.4 kg, P = 0.001) compared with controls and had a significant decrease in resting systolic BP (SBP$$$ ‐2.0 +/‐ 1.1% versus +2.0 +/‐ 1.1%, P < 0.05). There was a greater decrease in SBP (P < 0.05) and pulse rate (P < 0.05) at all time points during the stress test in the weight loss compared with the control group. At week 12, SBP in 23 (82%) subjects in the weight‐loss group and 24 (89%) in the control group returned to resting levels, with recovering levels in the weight‐loss group returning to resting levels 6.1 +/‐ 2.6 min earlier than in the control group (P < 0.05). There was an overall greater decrease in diastolic BP (DBP$$$ P < 0.05) and DBP during recovery up to 27 min after stress (P < 0.05) in the high‐fruit/vegetable and low‐fat dairy diet group (n = 14) compared with the low‐fat diet group (n = 14). CONCLUSION: A 5% loss of weight decreased BP during rest and returned SBP to resting levels faster, thus decreasing the period of increased BP as a result of mental stress, which is likely to lower the risk of cardiovascular disease in the long term.
Fluctuations in human milk long-chain PUFA levels in relation to dietary fish intake$$$ Within the Danish population, milk DHA (22:6n‐3) levels vary by more than a factor of 10. This paper deals with fluctuations in the milk content of 22:6n‐3 and other long‐chain PUFA (LCPUFA) and the acute effects of fish meals and fish oil supplements on milk levels of LCPUFA. Twelve fish‐eating mothers with 4‐mon‐old infants provided one blood and one adipose tissue sample, and seven consecutive morning hind‐milk samples with dietary records from the previous days. Another 12 lactating women were given fish oil (2‐8 g) for breakfast and delivered 6‐12 milk samples during the following 24 h. The mean milk 22:6n‐3 content of the fish‐eating mothers was 0.57+/‐0.28 FA% (= percentage of total area of FAME peaks in GLC) and the day‐to‐day variation (SD/mean) within the individual was 35+/‐17%. Mean milk 22:6n‐3 content on mornings with no fish the day before was 0.42+/‐0.15 FA%$$$ this was increased by 82+/‐17% (n = 9, P = 0.05) if the mother had eaten fatty fish. Fish oil resulted in a twofold increase in milk 22:6n‐3 levels, which peaked after 10 h and lasted for 24 h. The EPA content of milk was also increased by fish meals and fish oil supplements, but these had no effect on the level of arachidonic acid. The study showed that diurnal and day‐to‐day fluctuations in levels of milk n‐3 LCPUFA are large, which makes it difficult to assess the 22:6n‐3 intake of breast‐fed infants from a single milk sample. In studies of the functional outcome of dietary 22:6n‐3 in breast‐fed infants it is suggested also to use a measure of maternal 22:6n‐3 status.
Body composition and strength changes in women with milk and resistance exercise$$$ PURPOSE: We aimed to determine whether women consuming fat‐free milk versus isoenergetic carbohydrate after resistance exercise would see augmented gains in lean mass and reductions in fat mass similar to what we observed in young men. METHODS: Young women were randomized to drink either fat‐free milk (MILK: n = 10$$$ age (mean +/‐ SD) = 23.2 +/‐ 2.8 yr$$$ BMI = 26.2 +/‐ 4.2 kg x m(‐2)) or isoenergetic carbohydrate (CON: n = 10$$$ age = 22.4 +/‐ 2.4 yr$$$ BMI = 25.2 +/‐ 3.8 kg x m(‐2)) immediately after and 1 h after exercise (2 x 500 mL). Subjects exercised 5 d x wk(‐1) for 12 wk. Body composition changes were measured by dual‐energy x‐ray absorptiometry, and subjects' strength and fasting blood were measured before and after training. RESULTS: CON gained weight after training (CON: +0.86 +/‐ 0.4 kg, P < 0.05$$$ MILK: +0.50 +/‐ 0.4 kg, P = 0.29). Lean mass increased with training in both groups (P < 0.01), with a greater net gain in MILK versus CON (1.9 +/‐ 0.2 vs 1.1 +/‐ 0.2 kg, respectively, P < 0.01). Fat mass decreased with training in MILK only (‐1.6 +/‐ 0.4 kg, P < 0.01$$$ CON: ‐0.3 +/‐ 0.3 kg, P = 0.41). Isotonic strength increased more in MILK than CON (P < 0.05) for some exercises. Serum 25‐hydroxyvitamin D increased in both groups but to a greater extent in MILK than CON (+6.5 +/‐ 1.1 vs +2.8 +/‐ 1.3 nM, respectively, P < 0.05), and parathyroid hormone decreased only in MILK (‐1.2 +/‐ 0.2 pM, P < 0.01). CONCLUSIONS: Heavy, whole‐body resistance exercise with the consumption of milk versus carbohydrate in the early postexercise period resulted in greater muscle mass accretion, strength gains, fat mass loss, and a possible reduction in bone turnover in women after 12 wk. Our results, similar to those in men, highlight that milk is an effective drink to support favorable body composition changes in women with resistance training.
Randomized controlled trial of sour milk on blood pressure in borderline hypertensive men$$$ BACKGROUND: A double‐blind randomized controlled trial was carried out to assess the effect of sour milk, containing two tripeptides (valine‐proline‐proline and isoleucine‐proline‐proline), on blood pressure (BP). METHODS: A total of 46 borderline hypertensive men aged 23 to 59 years were recruited at their workplace for this trial. Subjects were randomly allocated into two groups$$$ sour milk drink group (S‐group, n = 23) and placebo (acidified milk) drink group (P‐group, n = 23) for 4 weeks. Blood pressure was measured twice at each occasion by a physician, at the health center of the company, with a mercury at baseline, 2 and 4 weeks. Statistical analysis was performed by SPSS 10.0J. RESULTS: The S‐group and P‐group showed no significant difference in baseline systolic BP (mean [SD], S: 147.6 [9.6], P: 145.3 [13.0]) or diastolic BP (S: 95.3 [9.9], P: 91.5 [9.6]). In the S‐group, change in systolic BP at 2 and 4 weeks were ‐4.3 mm Hg (95% confidence interval [CI] ‐8.3 to ‐0.4$$$ P = .032) and ‐5.2 mm Hg (95% CI ‐10.1 to ‐0.3$$$ P = .039), both statistically significant. Diastolic BP showed change from ‐1.7 mm Hg (95% CI ‐5.4 to 2.0) at 2 weeks and ‐2.0 (95% CI ‐5.4 to 1.5) at 4 weeks, respectively. In the P‐group, change in systolic BP were ‐0.5 (95% CI ‐5.8 to 4.8) at 2 weeks and ‐3.7 (95% CI ‐8.3 to 0.9) and change in diastolic BP were ‐0.6 (95% CI ‐4.7 to 3.6) and ‐0.3 (95% CI ‐3.9 to 3.3), which were not statistically significant. CONCLUSIONS: This trial demonstrated the beneficial effect of sour milk on BP in borderline hypertensive men who were not taking antihypertensive medication.
Fermented lactotripeptides-containing milk lowers daytime blood pressure in high normal-to-mild hypertensive subjects$$$ This study shows that consumption of fermented lactotripeptides (LTPs)‐containing milk may have an acute daytime effect on blood pressure that appeared sustained with daily intake over a period of 4 weeks. Angiotensin 1‐converting enzyme (ACE) inhibition by LTPs could not be confirmed in plasma.
Soy milk lowers blood pressure in men and women with mild to moderate essential hypertension$$$ Soy‐based diets reduce blood pressure in spontaneously hypertensive rats, but apparently not in hypertensive humans. In the present study, the antihypertensive potential of soy milk (500 mL twice daily) compared with cow's milk was investigated in a 3‐mo double‐blind randomized study of 40 men and women with mild‐to‐moderate hypertension. Before initiation of the study, urinary isoflavonoids (measured by HPLC) were undetectable in most cases (for genistein, they were always <100 micromol/L). After 3 mo of soy milk consumption, systolic blood pressure decreased by 18.4 +/‐ 10.7 mmHg compared with 1.4 +/‐ 7.2 mmHg in the cow's milk group (P < 0.0001), diastolic blood pressure decreased by 15.9 +/‐ 9.8 mmHg vs. 3.7 +/‐ 5.0 mmHg in the cow's milk group (P < 0.0001) and mean blood pressure decreased by 16.7 +/‐ 9.0 mmHg compared with 3.0 +/‐ 4.6 mmHg in the cow's milk group (P < 0.0001). Urinary genistein was strongly (r = ‐0.588) and significantly (P = 0.002) correlated with the decrease in blood pressure, particularly for diastolic values. In conclusion, chronic soy milk consumption had modest, but significant hypotensive action in essential hypertensive subjects. This hypotensive action was correlated with the urinary excretion of the isoflavonoid genistein.
Unesterified plant sterols and stanols lower LDL-cholesterol concentrations equivalently in hypercholesterolemic persons$$$ BACKGROUND: Plant sterols, in various forms, have been shown to reduce total and LDL‐cholesterol concentrations. Particularly controversial at present is the effect of the degree of hydrogenation of the plant sterols on cholesterol‐lowering efficacy and the responsible mechanisms. OBJECTIVE: Our goal was to examine the effect of supplementation with unesterified plant sterols and stanols on plasma lipid and phytosterol concentrations and cholesterol absorption, synthesis, and turnover. DESIGN: Fifteen otherwise healthy hypercholesterolemic subjects consumed each of 4 dietary treatments in a randomized crossover design. Unesterified sterols and stanols were blended into the butter component of the diet at a dosage of 1.8 g/d. The diets contained plant sterols (NS), plant stanols (SS), a 50:50 mixture of sterols and stanols (NSS), or cornstarch (control). RESULTS: Plasma total cholesterol concentrations were 7.8%, 11.9%, and 13.1% lower (P < 0.01) in the NS, SS, and NSS groups, respectively, than in the control group. LDL‐cholesterol concentrations were 11.3%, 13.4%, and 16.0% lower (P < 0.03) in the NS, SS, and NSS groups, respectively, than in the control group. Plasma triacylglycerols and HDL‐cholesterol concentrations did not differ significantly across diets. Cholesterol absorption efficiency was 56.0%, 34.4%, and 48.9% lower (P < 0.001) in the NS, SS, and NSS groups, respectively, than in the control group. The fractional synthesis rate was higher by 45.5% (P < 0.003) in the NSS group than in the control group. Plasma campesterol and sitosterol concentrations were higher (P < 0.01) in the NS group and sitosterol concentrations were lower (P < 0.01) in the SS group than in the control group. CONCLUSION: These data indicate that, in their free unesterified form, sterols and stanols lower plasma LDL cholesterol equivalently in hypercholesterolemic persons by suppressing cholesterol absorption.
Deuterium uptake and plasma cholesterol precursor levels correspond as methods for measurement of endogenous cholesterol synthesis in hypercholesterolemic women$$$ To assess the validity of two techniques used to measure human cholesterol synthesis, the rate of uptake of deuterium (D) into plasma free cholesterol (FC), and plasma cholesterol precursor (squalene, lanosterol, desmosterol and lathosterol) levels were compared in 14 women [65‐71 yr with low density lipoprotein‐cholesterol (LDL‐C) > or = 3.36 mmol x L(‐1)]. Subjects consumed each of six diets for 5‐wk periods according to a randomized crossover design. The experimental diets included a baseline diet (39% energy as fat, 164 mg chol x 4.2 MJ(‐1)) and five reduced‐fat diets (30% of energy as fat), where two‐thirds of the fat was either soybean oil$$$ squeeze, tub or stick margarines$$$ or butter. Fractional and absolute synthesis rates (FSR and ASR) of FC were determined using the deuterium incorporation (DI) method, while cholesterol precursor levels were measured using gas‐liquid chromatography. Data were pooled across diets for each variable and correlation coefficients were calculated to determine if associations were present. There was good agreement among levels of the various cholesterol precursors. In addition, FSR in pools/d (p x d(‐1)) and ASR in grams/d (g x d(‐1)) were strongly associated with lathosterol (r= 0.72 and 0.71, P= 0.0001), desmosterol (r= 0.75 and 0.75, P = 0.0001), lanosterol (r = 0.67 and 0.67), and squalene (r = 0.69 and 0.68) when levels of the precursors were expressed as micromol x mmol(‐1) C. Significant but lower correlations were observed between the D uptake and plasma cholesterol precursor levels when the latter were expressed in absolute amounts (micromol x L(‐1)). The wide range of fatty acid profiles of the experimental diets did not influence the degree of association between methods. In conclusion, the DI method and levels of some cholesterol precursors correspond as methods for shortterm measurement of cholesterol synthesis.
Plasma lipoprotein lipid and Lp[a] changes with substitution of elaidic acid for oleic acid in the diet$$$ The effect of additional dietary trans fatty acids (7% energy) on plasma lipids was assessed in a double‐blind comparison of four separate diets: 1, enriched with butter fat (lauric‐myristic‐palmitic)$$$ 2, oleic acid‐rich$$$ 3, elaidic acid‐rich$$$ 4, palmitic acid‐rich. The total dietary period was 11 weeks and comprised normal foods plus specific fat supplements. In 27 mildly hypercholesterolemic men, total and LDL cholesterol were significantly lower during the 3‐week oleic acid‐rich diet, and were similar during the other three diets. For the four diets LDL cholesterol levels were in mg/dl: 1, 163$$$ 2, 151$$$ 3, 165$$$ 4, 161. HDL cholesterol was significantly higher with the palmitic acid‐rich diet, 42 mg/dl, compared with elaidic acid, 38 mg/dl, which in turn was not lower than with oleic acid, 38 mg/dl. Plasma elaidic acid concentration rose seven‐fold with the trans fatty acid diet but did not increase the vulnerability of LDL to oxidative change. The elaidic acid‐rich diet led to significant elevations in the level of Lp[a] compared to all the other test diets. The Lp[a] level increased to 296 +/‐ 220 U/l in the elaidic acid‐rich period from 235 +/‐ 182 (mean +/‐ SD) in the first ("butter") period (P less than 0.001) compared with 249 +/‐ 204 in the palmitic acid period (P less than 0.001) and 236 +/‐ 201 in the oleic acid period (NS).(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
One-year community-based education program for hypercholesterolemia in middle-aged Japanese: a long-term outcome at 8-year follow-up$$$ To examine a long‐term effect of community‐based education program for hypercholesterolemia and an effect modification by apolipoprotein E polymorphism, we conducted a 1‐year randomized clinical trial with 8 year‐follow‐up. One hundred four persons aged 40‐64 years who had serum total cholesterol levels between 6.21 and 7.73 mmol/l (240 and 299 mg/dl) in 1988‐89 cardiovascular risk surveys were enrolled in the trial. The intervention group (n=51, 82% for women) attended eight education classes in 1 year, while the control group (n=53, 85% for women) attended only two classes. Both groups were invited to the subsequent annual surveys. The mean serum cholesterol was 0.24‐0.26 mmol/l less in the intervention than in the control group at both 6 month and 1 year (P=0.03, each) while the proportion of subjects using hypolipidemic agents was 0 and 6% in both groups, respectively. During 8‐year follow‐up, the probability of using hypolipidemic agents and/or total cholesterol > or =7.76 mmol/l was 51% in the education group and 69% in the control group$$$ the risk ratio in the intervention vs control groups was 0.62 (95% CI: 0.36‐1.06). When stratified by the apolipoprotein E polymorphism examined for 78% of the subjects, the risk ratio was 0.61 (0.31‐1.18) among subjects without e4 allele (n=59) and 0.55 (0.14‐2.14) among those with e4 allele (n=22). The intervention group had reduced intake of egg, fish egg, butter, mayonnaise and fatty meat compared to the control group at 6‐month, 1‐ and 8‐year follow‐up. In conclusion, our community‐based program was effective in reducing serum total cholesterol levels non‐pharmacologically during the first year, and also reduced the likelihood of progressive worsening of hypercholesterolemia during the subsequent 8 years, regardless of the apolipoprotein E polymorphism.
Serum cholesterol response to replacing butter with a new trans-free margarine in hypercholesterolemic subjects$$$ Margarine leads to lower total and LDL cholesterol (LDL‐C) levels than butter but may contain trans fatty acids that increase atherogenic lipids. A food company has used data concerning the cholesterolemic effects of individual fatty acids, including trans fatty acids, to develop a commercially available and virtually trans‐free margarine. OBJECTIVE: The effect of this novel margarine on serum lipids and lipoproteins was compared with that of butter in free‐living, hypercholesterolemic subjects. DESIGN AND SETTING: A two‐period, outpatient cross‐over trial at a university hospital lipid clinic. SUBJECTS: The study involved 77 subjects, and was completed by 53 men and 19 women aged 35‐65 years with total serum cholesterol levels of between 6.0 and 7.9 mmol/L. INTERVENTION: Two 23‐day regimens, separated by a 4‐week washout period, included individualised dietary prescriptions supplemented with butter or margarine designed to provide 15% of total dietary energy. RESULTS: In comparison with butter, margarine intake lowered total and LDL‐C levels by respectively 11.1% (99% CI: 8.1‐14.1) and 11.3% (99% CI: 7.6‐15.1). The reduction in LDL‐C was < 3% in nearly one‐fifth of the subjects despite appropriate changes in serum triglyceride fatty acids. Of the tested clinical and demographic variables, only the percentage of energy obtained from saturated fat during the margarine intake period was associated with dietary responsiveness (explaining 12% of the variation$$$ p < 0.01). CONCLUSION: Our results suggest that a margarine designed to meet nutritional recommendations for hypercholesterolemia is more efficacious than butter in reducing atherogenic lipid levels in hypercholesterolemic subjects.
Dietary hydrogenated fat increases high-density lipoprotein apoA-I catabolism and decreases low-density lipoprotein apoB-100 catabolism in hypercholesterolemic women$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine mechanisms contributing to decreased high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL‐C) and increased low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL‐C) concentrations associated with hydrogenated fat intake, kinetic studies of apoA‐I, apoB‐100, and apoB‐48 were conducted using stable isotopes. METHODS AND RESULTS: Eight postmenopausal hypercholesterolemic women were provided in random order with 3 diets for 5‐week periods. Two‐thirds of the fat was soybean oil (unsaturated fat), stick margarine (hydrogenated fat), or butter (saturated fat). Total and LDL‐C levels were highest after the saturated diet (P<0.05$$$ saturated versus unsaturated) whereas HDL‐C levels were lowest after the hydrogenated diet (P<0.05$$$ hydrogenated versus saturated). Plasma apoA‐I levels and pool size (PS) were lower, whereas apoA‐I fractional catabolic rate (FCR) was higher after the hydrogenated relative to the saturated diet (P<0.05). LDL apoB‐100 levels and PS were significantly higher, whereas LDL apoB‐100 FCR was lower with the saturated and hydrogenated relative to the unsaturated diet. There was no significant difference among diets in apoA‐I or B‐100 production rates or apoB‐48 kinetic parameters. HDL‐C concentrations were negatively associated with apoA‐I FCR (r=‐0.56, P=0.03) and LDL‐C concentrations were negatively correlated with LDL apoB‐100 FCR (r=‐0.48, P=0.05). CONCLUSIONS: The mechanism for the adverse lipoprotein profile observed with hydrogenated fat intake is determined in part by increased apoA‐I and decreased LDL apoB‐100 catabolism.
Plant sterol-enriched spread enhances the cholesterol-lowering potential of a fat-reduced diet$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine the effect of a plant sterol‐enriched spread on plasma cholesterol concentrations when replacing butter or a standard polyunsaturated spread in a diet containing 30% of energy fat. DESIGN: Parallel butter phase followed by double‐blind, randomized, cross‐over polyunsaturated spread phases. SETTING: General community. SUBJECTS: Volunteer sample of 50 free‐living men and women with mean age (s.d.) 46.7 y (10.5), moderately elevated plasma total cholesterol 5.95 mmol/l (0.78), and body mass index 26.0 (3.9) kg/m(2). INTERVENTION: Participants ate a moderately low‐fat diet (30% of energy) for the 11‐week intervention. During the first 3 weeks the diet included 20 g per day of butter. Participants were then randomized to replace the butter with 25 g of polyunsaturated spread with or without 2 g of plant sterols for 4 weeks, crossing over in the last 4 weeks to the alternate spread. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Plasma cholesterol and fatty acids. RESULTS: Replacing butter with a standard polyunsaturated fat spread reduced mean plasma total cholesterol concentrations by 4.6% (from 6.09 (0.82) to 5.81 (0.77) mmol/l, P<0.01) and low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol by 5.5% (from 3.98 (0.76) to 3.76 (0.74) mmol/l, P<0.05). Replacing butter with a polyunsaturated spread containing plant sterols reduced plasma total cholesterol by 8.9% (from 6.09 (0.82) to 5.55 (0.76) mmol/l, P<0.01) and low density lipoprotein cholesterol by 12.3% (from 3.98 (0.76) to 3.49 (0.72) mmol/l, P<0.01). Plasma high density lipoprotein cholesterol concentration was the same on the three diets. CONCLUSION: In people with moderately raised plasma cholesterol concentrations consuming reduced‐fat diets the reduction in plasma total and low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations achieved by replacing butter with a polyunsaturated spread is enhanced by addition of plant sterols.
Fatty acid regio-specificity of triacylglycerol molecules may affect plasma lipid responses to dietary fats-a randomised controlled cross-over trial$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Hypercholesterolaemic effects of saturated fatty acids (SFA) may be influenced not only by the chain length, but also by their specific location within the triacylglycerol (TAG) molecule. We examined the hypothesis that dietary fats rich in SFA, but containing mostly unsaturated fatty acids in the sn‐2 position with most SFA in sn‐1 and ‐3 (palm olein [PO] and cocoa butter [CB]) will have similar serum lipid outcomes to unsaturated olive oil (OO). SUBJECTS/METHODS: Thirty‐eight participants (20‐40 yr, 18.5‐ ≤ 27.5 kg/m2) completed a 4‐week randomised 3 × 3 crossover feeding intervention, preceded by 2‐week run‐in and separated by 2‐week washout periods. Background diet contained 35 percentage of total energy (%E) fat, 18%E protein, 48%E carbohydrates, differing in test fats only (palm olein (PO), CB, OO$$$ 20%E). Total cholesterol (TC)/high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL‐C) ratio and related variables$$$ TC, HDL‐C, low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL‐C), TAG, apoA1, ApoB, ApoA1 (apolipoprotein A1)/ApoB (apolipoprotein B), lipoprotein (a) (Lp(a)), NEFA, LDL sub‐fractions, were assessed pre‐ and post‐intervention. Data were analysed using mixed effects longitudinal models with a P‐value < 0.05 considered significant. RESULTS: Changes in plasma fatty acids (P < 0.05) confirmed compliance$$$ C18:1 increased with OO compared to PO and CB$$$ C16:0 decreased with OO and C18:0 increased following CB. No differences were seen for TC/HDL‐C (mean [95%CI] change for PO, 0.08[0.00, 0.15] mmol/L$$$ CB, 0.06 [‐0.05, 0.16] mmol/L$$$ and OO, ‐0.01 [‐0.15, 0.13] mmol/L$$$ P = 0.53] or any other parameter including LDL sub‐fractions. OO decreased IDL‐A compared to PO (‐2.2 [‐4.31, ‐0.21] mg/dL, P = 0.03). CONCLUSION: In healthy young participants, plasma lipid responses to PO and CB, enriched in SFA but having primarily unsaturated fatty acid in the sn‐2 position of TAG, did not differ from OO.
Effect on lipoprotein profile of replacing butter with margarine in a low fat diet: randomised crossover study with hypercholesterolaemic subjects$$$ OBJECTIVE: To examine the effect on lipid and lipoprotein concentrations when butter or an unsaturated margarine is used for cooking or spreading in a reduced fat diet. DESIGN: Randomised crossover study with two intervention periods of six weeks' duration separated by a five week washout. SETTING: Community setting in New Zealand. SUBJECTS: 49 volunteers with polygenic hypercholesterolaemia and baseline total cholesterol concentration in the range 5.5‐7.9 mmol/l. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Concentrations of total and low density lipoprotein, Lp(a) lipoprotein, high density lipoprotein, apolipoprotein B 100, and apolipoprotein A I. RESULTS: Concentrations of low density lipoprotein cholesterol and apolipoprotein B were about 10% lower with margarine than with butter. Lp(a) lipoprotein and high density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations were similar with the two diets. CONCLUSION: Despite concerns about adverse effects on lipoproteins of trans fatty acids in margarines, the use of unsaturated margarine rather than butter by hypercholesterolaemic people is associated with a lipoprotein profile that would be expected to reduce cardiovascular risk.
Small, qualitative changes in fatty acid intake decrease plasma low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol levels in mildly hypercholesterolemic outpatients on their usual high-fat diets$$$ OBJECTIVE: The diet is the first step in managing hypercholesterolemia. The objective of the present study is to assess whether moderate changes in dietary fatty acids improve plasma lipid parameters in mildly hypercholesterolemic outpatients. METHODS: Using a randomized double‐blind study, 121 outpatients within two groups received an isocaloric amount of unsaturated margarine or butter. Clinical and anthropometric measurements and a 3‐day food record were made. Chi‐square and Fisher's tests were used to compare qualitative variables and the general linear procedure was used to compare the groups. Additional analyses were performed after adjustment. RESULTS: There was a significant difference (P <0.03) in low‐density lipoprotein‐cholesterol levels between the groups. Total cholesterol, low‐density lipoprotein‐cholesterol, non‐high‐density lipoprotein‐cholesterol and apolipoprotein B values decreased in the unsaturated group in comparison with the saturated group. Low‐density lipoprotein‐cholesterol changes were correlated with the variation in polyunsaturated fatty acid intake and with plasma phospholipid linoleic acid levels. CONCLUSION: A small change in saturated by polyunsaturated fatty acid intake may improve plasma lipid parameters in mildly hypercholesterolemic subjects.
Hydrogenated fat consumption affects cholesterol synthesis in moderately hypercholesterolemic women$$$ To determine mechanisms by which hydrogenated fat influences plasma lipid levels, 14 women (65$$$‐71 yrs with LDL‐C >/= 130 mg. dl(‐)(1)) consumed, for 5‐week periods each, a baseline (BL) diet (39% kcal fat, 164 mg chol. 1000 kcal(‐)(1)) and reduced fat diets (30% kcal) where two‐thirds of the fat was either soybean oil (SO), low trans squeeze (SQM), medium trans tub (TM), or high trans stick (SM) margarines, or butter (BT). Plasma lipid levels were analyzed at the end of each phase. Fractional synthesis rates (FSR) in pools/day (p. d(‐)(1)) and absolute synthesis rates (ASR) in grams/day (g. d(‐)(1)) of free cholesterol (FC) were measured using the deuterium incorporation methodology. Plasma total (P < 0.01) and low density lipoprotein (P < 0.05) cholesterol levels increased with increasing degree of hydrogenation or saturated fat intake. High density lipoprotein cholesterol levels (P < 0.05) were lowest on the SM diet when compared to the BT diet. Low trans SQM (0.081 +/‐ 0.019 p. d(‐)(1)) and medium trans TM (0.086 +/‐ 0.029 p. d(‐)(1)) diets elicited responses similar to the SO (0.078 +/‐ 0.024 p. d(‐)(1)) diet, whereas high trans SM (0.053 +/‐ 0.029 p. d(‐)(1)) diet mimicked the BT (0.062 +/‐ 0.017 p. d(‐)(1)) and high fat BL (0.053 +/‐ 0.023 p. d(‐)(1)) diet in its suppression (P < 0.05) of FSR‐FC. ASR‐FC, which is an approximation of the daily production of newly synthesized cholesterol, showed a trend similar to the FSR‐FC data. These results indicate that reduced synthesis is not responsible for the higher plasma TC levels seen with consumption of the SM, BT, and BL diets, and suggest that another mechanism, possibly impairment of the catabolic pathway of cholesterol, is involved.
Relative effects on serum lipids and apolipoproteins of a caprenin-rich diet compared with diets rich in palm oil/palm-kernel oil or butter$$$ Two randomized, blind studies measured changes in serum cholesterol, other serum lipids, and apolipoprotein (apo) concentrations in hypercholesterolemic men consuming caprenin (Cap)‐rich diets after either baseline diets enriched in palm oil/palm‐kernel oil (PO/PKO) or butter. The triglyceride Cap contains 45% 22:0 and 50% 8:0‐10:0. Compared with baseline values established at 3 wk on the PO/PKO diet, the 17 subjects on the Cap diet showed significant reductions after 6 wk in HDL cholesterol (HDL‐C), HDL2‐C, and HDL3‐C and a significant increase in the ratio of total cholesterol, LDL‐C, triglycerides, apo B‐100, or apo A‐I were seen. Compared with baseline values established at 3 wk on the butter diet, after 6 wk the seven subjects receiving the Cap diet showed no significant changes in the lipid and apolipoprotein indexes analyzed. These data show that one or more of 8:0, 10:0, and 22:0 fatty acids can contribute to hypercholesterolemia in men.
Different responses of the retinal and cutaneous microcirculation to transient dysmetabolic conditions$$$ OBJECTIVE: This study evaluated the responses of the retinal and cutaneous microcirculation to acute hyperlipidemia and hyperhomocysteinemia. METHODS: Twenty‐five clinically healthy men (mean age 24 ± 2 years) were studied four times in a randomized order, with intervals of at least one week between the two dietary interventions always preceded by a day for baseline assessment. The two interventions consisted of either 0.1 g/kg l‐methionine to induce hyperhomocysteinemia or of 500 ml whipping cream (30% fat) to induce hyperlipidemia. Microvascular vasodilator responses to flickering‐light and to cutaneous acetylcholine iontophoresis were assessed by retinal vessel analysis and laser Doppler flowmetry respectively. RESULTS: The fat load produced significant increases in triglycerides and total cholesterol which was accompanied by a reduction of the retinal arterial flicker response. Methionine administration induced a threefold increase in homocysteine levels and a concomitant decrease in retinal venous flicker response. Acute hyperlipidemia and hyperhomocysteinemia had no effect on cutaneous microvascular vasodilator responses to acetylcholine. The inter‐ and intra‐subject reproducibility was higher for retinal vessel analysis as compared to laser Doppler flowmetry. CONCLUSION: The retinal microcirculation is more sensitive to metabolic changes than the cutaneous microcirculation and can be reliably assessed by retinal vessel analysis. Reproducibility of retinal vessel analysis may be enhanced by multi‐vessel assessment.
Acute hyperlipidemia but not hyperhomocysteinemia impairs reflex regulation of the cardiovascular system$$$ BACKGROUND: Elevated circulating lipids and homocysteine may affect autonomic cardiovascular function by decreasing baroreflex sensitivity (BRS) and cardiovagal outflow and by increasing sympathetic drive. METHODS: To test this hypothesis 25 clinically healthy men (mean age 24 ± 2 years) received 500 ml whipping cream (30% fat) and 0.1 g/kg l‐methionine, respectively, at intervals of one week apart to induce hyperlipidemia and hyperhomocysteinemia, respectively. Cardiovascular parameters and endothelial function were assessed before and 2 h after the fat load and before and 4 h after the methionine load, respectively. Cardiovascular responses to sublingual application of a nitrovasodilator and a beta‐agonist were also determined. RESULTS: Hyperlipidemia elicited a significant decline in BRS and an increase in heart rate and sympathetic drive. Reductions in BRS were associated with changes in total cholesterol but not with triglycerides or endothelial function. Autonomic and hemodynamic variables remained unaltered during transient hyperhomocysteinemia although there was a trend to lower BRS. Autonomic and hemodynamic responses to pharmacological vasodilation and beta‐adrenoceptor stimulation were preserved under both conditions. CONCLUSIONS: These data provide experimental support for the concept that acute hyperlipidemia but not hyperhomocysteinemia impairs reflex regulation of the circulatory system.
Effects of plant-based diets high in raw or roasted almonds, or roasted almond butter on serum lipoproteins in humans$$$ OBJECTIVE: To compare the lipid‐altering effect of roasted salted almonds and roasted almond butter with that of raw almonds, as part of a plant‐based diet. METHODS: Thirty‐eight free‐living, hypercholesterolemic men (n = 12) and women (n = 26) with a mean total serum cholesterol (TC) of 245 + 29 mg/dL (mean + SD) followed a heart‐healthy diet including 100g of one of three forms of almonds: roasted salted almonds, roasted almond butter or raw almonds for four weeks. Measurements of serum TC, triglycerides (TG), selected lipoproteins and blood pressure were taken at baseline and after four weeks. RESULTS: All three forms of almonds in the context of a heart‐healthy diet significantly lowered low‐density lipoprotein‐cholesterol (LDL) from baseline to the completion of the study. Both raw and roasted almonds significantly lowered TC, whereas the decrease by almond butter (in a smaller cohort) did not reach statistical significance. High‐density lipoprotein‐cholesterol (HDL) did not significantly change with raw or roasted almonds but slightly increased with almond butter. At the end of the study, blood pressure did not change significantly from baseline values for any of the groups. CONCLUSION: These results suggest that unblanched almonds‐whether raw, dry roasted, or in roasted butter form‐can play an effective role in cholesterol‐lowering, plant‐based diets.
Spreads enriched with three different levels of vegetable oil sterols and the degree of cholesterol lowering in normocholesterolaemic and mildly hypercholesterolaemic subjects$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the dose‐response relationship between cholesterol lowering and three different, relatively low intake levels of plant sterols (0.83, 1.61, 3.24 g/d) from spreads. To investigate the effects on lipid‐soluble (pro)vitamins. DESIGN: A randomized double‐blind placebo controlled balanced incomplete Latin square design using five spreads and four periods. The five study spreads included butter, a commercially available spread and three experimental spreads fortified with three different concentrations of plant sterols. SUBJECTS: One hundred apparently healthy normocholesterolaemic and mildly hypercholesterolaemic volunteers participated. INTERVENTIONS: Each subject consumed four spreads, each for a period of 3.5 week. RESULTS: Compared to the control spread, total cholesterol decreased by 0.26 (CI: 0.15‐0.36), 0.31 (CI: 0.20‐0.41) and 0.35 (CI: 0.25‐0.46) mmol/L, for daily consumption of 0.83, 1.61 and 3.24 g plant sterols, respectively. For LDL‐cholesterol these decreases were 0.20 (CI: 0.10‐0.31), 0.26 (CI: 0.15‐0.36) and 0.30 (CI: 0.20‐0.41). Decreases in the LDL/HDL ratio were 0.13 (CI: 0.04‐0.22), 0.16 (CI: 0.07‐0.24) and 0.16 (CI: 0.07‐0.24) units, respectively. Differences in cholesterol reductions between the plant sterol doses consumed were not statistically significant. Plasma vitamin K1 and 25‐OH‐vitamin D and lipid standardized plasma lycopene and alpha‐tocopherol were not affected by consumption of plant sterol enriched spreads, but lipid standardized plasma (alpha + beta)‐carotene concentrations were decreased by about 11 and 19% by daily consumption of 0.83 and 3.24 g plant sterols in spread, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: The three relatively low dosages of plant sterols had a significant cholesterol lowering effect ranging from 4.9‐6.8%, 6.7‐9.9% and 6.5‐7.9%, for total, LDL‐cholesterol and the LDL/HDL cholesterol ratio, respectively, without substantially affecting lipid soluble (pro)vitamins. No significant differences in cholesterol lowering effect between the three dosages of plant sterols could be detected. This study would support that consumption of about 1.6 g of plant sterols per day will beneficially affect plasma cholesterol concentrations without seriously affecting plasma carotenoid concentrations.
Butter increased total and LDL cholesterol compared with olive oil but resulted in higher HDL cholesterol compared with a habitual diet$$$ BACKGROUND: Butter is known to have a cholesterol‐raising effect and, therefore, has often been included as a negative control in dietary studies, whereas the effect of moderate butter intake has not been elucidated to our knowledge. OBJECTIVE: We compared the effects of moderate butter intake, moderate olive oil intake, and a habitual diet on blood lipids, high‐sensitivity C‐reactive protein (hsCRP), glucose, and insulin. DESIGN: The study was a controlled, double‐blinded, randomized 2 × 5‐wk crossover dietary intervention study with a 14‐d run‐in period during which subjects consumed their habitual diets. The study included 47 healthy men and women (mean ± SD total cholesterol: 5.22 ± 0.90 mmol/L) who substituted a part of their habitual diets with 4.5% of energy from butter or refined olive oil. RESULTS: Study subjects were 70% women with a mean age and body mass index (in kg/m²) of 40.4 y and 23.5, respectively. Butter intake increased total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol more than did olive oil intake (P < 0.05) and the run‐in period (P < 0.005 and P < 0.05, respectively) and increased HDL cholesterol compared with the run‐in period (P < 0.05). No difference in effects was observed for triacylglycerol, hsCRP, insulin, and glucose concentrations. The intake of saturated fatty acids was significantly higher in the butter period than in the olive oil and run‐in periods (P < 0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: Moderate intake of butter resulted in increases in total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol compared with the effects of olive oil intake and a habitual diet (run‐in period). Furthermore, moderate butter intake was also followed by an increase in HDL cholesterol compared with the habitual diet. We conclude that hypercholesterolemic people should keep their consumption of butter to a minimum, whereas moderate butter intake may be considered part of the diet in the normocholesterolemic population.
Individual cholesterol variation in response to a margarine- or butter-based diet: a study in families$$$ CONTEXT: The effectiveness of dietary modification in reducing low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL‐C) levels can be reliably predicted for populations, but not for individuals. OBJECTIVE: To determine whether individual variation in cholesterol response to dietary modification is a familial trait. DESIGN: Two‐period, outpatient crossover trial conducted from September 1997 to September 1999. SETTING AND PARTICIPANTS: Fifty‐six families from the Dallas‐Ft Worth, Tex, area with 2 biological parents and at least 2 children aged 5 years or older volunteered$$$ 46 families (n = 92 adults and n = 134 children) completed the study. INTERVENTION: All families followed two 5‐week dietary regimens that included individualized daily dietary prescriptions and emphasized a low‐saturated fat diet supplemented with specially manufactured baked goods and spreadable fat. One regimen used butter only and the other used margarine only. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Mean LDL‐C levels during the last 2 weeks of each dietary period. RESULTS: Margarine intake compared with butter intake lowered LDL‐C levels 11% in adults (95% confidence interval [CI], 13% to 9%) and 9% in children (95% CI, 12% to 6%) (P<.001 for both adults and children). The distribution of individual responses were peaked around the mean response. For adults and children together, family membership accounted for 19% of variability in response (P =.007). In children, family membership accounted for 40% of variability in response of percent change in LDL‐C levels (P =.002). Body mass index and change in cholesterol ester (CE) 18:2/18:1 ratio accounted for 26% of variation, leaving 26% still attributable to family membership. In all participants, BMI predicted response‐heavier individuals had higher LDL‐C levels, less excursion in CE fatty acids, and less LDL‐C response to dietary change. CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that individual variation in response to a cholesterol‐lowering diet is a familial trait. Body weight is an important modifiable factor that influences response. JAMA. 2000$$$284:2740‐2747.
Effects of cholesterol and fat modification of self-selected diets on serum lipids and their specific fatty acids in normocholesterolemic and hypercholesterolemic humans$$$ A 6‐month crossover diet plan was employed to study the effects on human serum lipids of adding margarine or butter to otherwise self‐selected diets that included two eggs daily. Two groups of subjects were studied: 51 free‐living normocholesterolemic and 20 hypercholesterolemic (greater than 240 mg dl). Four‐day diet records in each interval showed that subjects ate about 16% of total dietary fat as either butter or margarine. Blood samples taken every 6 weeks showed variable mean serum total cholesterol (SCHOL), high‐density‐lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL‐C), and serum triglycerides (STG). The normocholesterolemic subjects who ate butter first had by 24 weeks mean SCHOL values equal to their entry values$$$ those who ate margarine first had increased SCHOL values throughout the study. By the end of the study, the hypercholesterolemic subjects showed either no change or a slight decrease in both SCHOL and HDL‐C values. Specific fatty acids were distributed differently in the serum fractions of triacylglycerol (TGFA), cholesteryl esters (CEFA), and phospholipids (PLFA). These distributions remained constant in both normocholesterolemic and hypercholesterolemic subjects regardless of the type and amount of fat consumed.
Comparison of the effect of milk and pistachio snacks on anthropometric indices in overweight or obese women: a randomized crossover trial$$$ Background and Aim: Weight management is the key for preventing and treating adverse consequences of overweight and obesity. The aim of this study was to compare the effect of milk and pistachio snacks consumption on anthropometric indices in overweight or obese women. Methods: In this randomized cross‐over trial, 60 overweight or obese women with a mean age of 24 ± 4.2 y were randomly allocated into two groups. Women in milk group received 200 ml/day low fat milk and women in the other group received 30 gr/day pistachio for 4 weeks. After a 6‐day washout period, the participants received a similar intervention in a crossover manner. Results: Of the total of 60 participants, 52 completed the study. At the end of the study body weight of women in the milk group significantly decreased (70.8 ± 8.4 vs 69.9 ± 8.3, p value = 0.001). No statistically significant changes was observed in body weight in pistachio group (70.3 ± 8.4 vs 70.6 ±8.3, p value = 0.06). Between groups analyses indicated slightly significant beneficial effect on waist circumference and body mass index in the milk group (p value < 0.05). Conclusions: Based on the observed positive effects of milk intake on weight loss in this cross‐over study, milk consumption may be considered as an appropriate snack in weight loss programs in overweight or obese women.
Comparison of the effect of milk and pistachio snacks on anthropometric indices in overweight or obese women: a randomized crossover trial$$$ Background: Weight management is the key to prevent and treat the adverse consequences of overweight and obesity. The aim of this study was to compare the effect of consuming milk and pistachio snacks on anthropometric indices in overweight or obese women. Methods: In this randomized crossover trial, 60 overweight or obese women with a mean age of 24 ± 4.2 years were randomly divided into two groups. Women in the milk group received 200 mL/day low‐fat milk while women in the other group received 30 g/day pistachio for 4 weeks. After a 6‐day washout period, the participants received a similar intervention in a crossover manner. Results: Out of the total 60 participants, 52 completed the study. At the end of the study, the weight of women in the milk group significantly decreased (70.8 ± 8.4 vs. 69.9 ± 8.3, P value = 0.001). No statistically significant changes were observed in the weight of participants in the pistachio group (70.3 ± 8.4 vs. 70.6 ± 8.3, P value = 0.06). Further analyses showed a slightly significant beneficial effect on waist circumference (WC) (P‐value =0.068) and body mass index (BMI) in the milk group P value = 0.01). Conclusions: Based on the observed positive effects of milk intake on weight loss in this crossover study, milk consumption may be considered an appropriate snack in weight loss programs in overweight or obese women.
The appetizing effect of an apéritif in overweight and normal-weight humans$$$ BACKGROUND: Epidemiologic studies have shown alcohol consumption to be inversely as well as positively related to body weight and body fat. Metabolic studies have shown an increase in energy intake as well as compensation after alcohol consumption. OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to assess the effects on energy intake of an apéritif compared with those of a water appetizer and 3 fruit juice appetizers. DESIGN: Fifty‐two men and women aged 20‐45 y with a body mass index (in kg/m2) between 20 and 32 were randomly given 1 MJ (340 mL) alcohol (wine or beer), fat (cream fruit juice), protein (protein fruit juice), carbohydrate (grape juice), or water, or no preload 30 min before an ad libitum lunch consumed from the universal eating monitor. RESULTS: Energy intake (3.5+/‐0.3 MJ compared with 2.7+/‐0.2 MJ, P < 0.001) and eating rate were higher (44+/‐3 g/min compared with 38+/‐3 g/min, P < 0.01), meal duration was longer (14 min compared with 12.0 min, P < 0.01), satiation started to increase later (3.5 min compared with 1.5 min, P < 0.01), and eating was prolonged after maximum satiation (2.5 min compared with 0.6 min, P < 0.01) after an apéritif than after a fat, protein, or carbohydrate appetizer,. Twenty‐four‐hour energy intake was higher on a day that an apéritif was consumed than after water or no preload. CONCLUSION: Twenty‐four‐hour energy intake was elevated with a 1‐MJ apéritif but not with a 1‐MJ liquid carbohydrate, fat, or protein appetizer.
Effects of an isocaloric healthy Nordic diet on ambulatory blood pressure in metabolic syndrome: a randomized SYSDIET sub-study$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Dietary pattern is central in the prevention of hypertension and blood pressure (BP)‐related diseases. A diet based on healthy Nordic foods may have a favourable impact on BP. The objective was to clarify whether a Nordic alternative for a healthy food pattern would have beneficial effects on ambulatory BP in subjects with metabolic syndrome (MetS). SUBJECTS/METHODS: In total, 37 subjects were randomized to either a healthy Nordic diet or a control diet. A healthy Nordic diet embraced whole grains, rapeseed oil, berries, fruits, vegetables, fish, nuts and low‐fat dairy products of Nordic origin. The mean nutrient intake in the Nordic countries formed the control diet, embracing wheat products, dairy fat‐based spread and a lower intake of fruits, vegetables and fish. Diets were isoenergetic. Ambulatory BP was monitored and 24‐h urine was collected before and after 12 weeks of intervention. RESULTS: After 12 weeks, ambulatory diastolic BP (‐4.4 mm Hg$$$ P=0.001) and mean arterial pressure (‐4.2 mm Hg$$$ P=0.006) were lowered by the healthy Nordic diet compared with the control diet, whereas changes in ambulatory systolic BP did not differ significantly between diets (‐3.5 mm Hg$$$ P=0.122). Heart rate tended to be lower in those on the healthy Nordic diet (P=0.057). Urinary sodium and potassium excretions were unaffected by diets and consequently not associated with the healthy Nordic diet‐induced lowering of BP. CONCLUSIONS: Consumption of Nordic varieties of health‐enhancing foods for 12 weeks decreased diastolic ambulatory BP and mean arterial pressure in subjects with features of MetS during weight‐stable condition, suggesting beneficial effects of a healthy Nordic dietary pattern on ambulatory BP.
The effect of DASH diet on pregnancy outcomes in gestational diabetes: a randomized controlled clinical trial$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: The current study was performed to investigate the effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) eating plan on pregnancy outcomes in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). SUBJECTS/METHODS: This randomized controlled clinical trial was performed among 52 women diagnosed with GDM. Participants were randomly assigned to consume either the control (n=26) or the DASH diet (n=26) for 4 weeks. The control diet was designed to contain 45‐55% carbohydrates, 15‐20% protein and 25‐30% total fat. The DASH diet was rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains and low‐fat dairy products, and contained lower amounts of saturated fats, cholesterol and refined grains with a total of 2400 mg/day sodium. The numbers of women who commenced insulin therapy after dietary intervention, the mode of delivery and prevalence of polyhydramnios were assessed. The length, weight and head circumference of infants were measured during the first 24 h after birth. RESULTS: Whereas 46.2% of women in the DASH diet needed to have a cesarean section, this percentage for the control group was 80.8% (P=0.01). The percentage of those who needed to commence insulin therapy after intervention was also significantly different between the two groups (23% for DASH vs 73% for control group, P<0.0001). Infants born to mothers on the DASH diet had significantly lower weight (3222.7 vs 3818.8 g, P<0.0001), head circumference (34.2 vs 35.1 cm, P=0.01) and ponderal index (2.50 vs 2.87 kg/m(3), P<0.0001) compared with those born to mothers on the control diet. CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, consumption of DASH diet for 4 weeks among pregnant women with GDM resulted in improved pregnancy outcomes.
Dietary patterns and blood pressure change over 5-y follow-up in the SU.VI.MAX cohort$$$ BACKGROUND: Although short‐term effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet on blood pressure have been shown in intervention studies, less is known about the long‐term effects. OBJECTIVE: The aim was to study the relation between dietary patterns based on DASH diet characteristics and blood pressure (BP) and BP change in a clinical trial of antioxidants conducted in France from 1994 to 2002. DESIGN: Repeated 24‐h dietary records were collected during the first year of follow‐up. Dietary variables studied included fruit and vegetables, dairy products and fat (defined by Keys score), and two hypothesis‐oriented scores based on the DASH diet. We performed a cross‐sectional analysis of BP measured at the first clinical examination (1995‐1996) in 4652 participants aged 35‐63 y and a longitudinal analysis of BP change over a median follow‐up of 5.4 y (n = 2341). RESULTS: The mean increases in systolic (SBP) and diastolic (DBP) BPs were 9.3 and 4.5 mm Hg, respectively. After adjustment for potential confounders, higher fruit and vegetable consumption was associated with lower SBP and DBP at first clinical examination (P for trend < 0.02 for both) and a lower 5‐y increase in SBP (‐2.1 mm Hg in the 4th compared with the 1st quartile$$$ P for trend < 0.004) and DBP (‐0.7 mm Hg in the 4th compared with the 1st quartile$$$ P for trend < 0.03). The 2 DASH scores also were significantly associated with a lower BP at the first clinical examination and a lower BP increase. No significant relations were observed with dairy products or Keys score in either analyses. CONCLUSION: These results suggest that high fruit and vegetable intakes may be associated with a lower increase in BP with aging.
Factors influencing dietary protein sources in the PREMIER trial population$$$ Previous research suggests that protein intake, particularly plant protein, may benefit blood pressure control. However, very little has been published regarding protein sources in diets of US adults and factors influencing these choices. The purpose of this report is to describe specific sources of animal and plant proteins in diets of PREMIER clinical trial participants at baseline and how the PREMIER intervention, along with participant demographics, affected protein sources. Adult participants (n=809) who completed the 18‐month PREMIER lifestyle intervention trial and had at least one diet recall at each of three study visits were included. Participants were recruited from four clinical centers in the Eastern, Southern, and Northeastern regions of United States. The PREMIER trial, conducted from 1999 to 2002, compared the impact on blood pressure of two structured behavioral interventions focusing on the traditional lifestyle modifications for blood pressure control with or without the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension dietary pattern. Protein sources were assessed by two unannounced 24‐hour recalls at each of three study visits. Differences in protein sources were mainly related to participant demographics, with relatively moderate impact of the intervention. The top four protein sources for all the study participants were poultry, dairy, refined grains and beef, each contributing approximately 10% to 17% in descending order to the total protein intake at baseline. Animal and plant protein each comprised approximately 66% and 34%, respectively, to the total daily protein intake at baseline, and such overall contribution pattern remained relatively constant over time. However, sex, race, age, and body weight status all influenced contribution patterns from different food groups significantly. These influences significantly impact choice and are essential elements to consider when designing intervention programs to alter protein contributions from animal vs plant sources.
Cutaneous anaesthesia of the lower leg can improve sensibility in the diabetic foot. A double-blind, randomized clinical trial$$$ AIMS: Impaired sensory function in the sole of the foot in diabetic patients is a substantial problem caused by unknown mechanisms. Hand or foot sensibility can be improved by cutaneous anaesthesia of the forearm or lower leg, respectively, in healthy subjects. Hypothetically, cutaneous anaesthesia induces a silent area in the primary somatosensory cortex, allowing adjacent cortical areas to expand$$$ thus, resulting in enhanced sensory processing. Our aim was to improve sensory function in the foot in Type 1 and Type 2 diabetic patients by application of an anaesthetic cream to the lower leg. METHODS: In a double‐blind study, 37 patients with Type 1 or Type 2 diabetes were randomly assigned to cutaneous application of either an anaesthetic cream (EMLA) or a placebo cream to the skin of the lower leg for 1.5 h. Sensibility at five points of the sole of the foot was assessed before and after 1.5 and 24 h. Vibrotactile sense was also assessed. Primary outcome was change of touch threshold at the first metatarsal head from pretreatment to 1.5 h assessment. RESULTS: Anaesthetic cream on the lower leg resulted in a significant improvement of touch threshold at the first metatarsal head after 1.5 and 24 h. In addition, improvement of touch thresholds was also observed at the other four assessment sites, together with a decreased vibration threshold at 125 Hz. CONCLUSIONS: The findings of improved touch thresholds open up new possibilities in treatment of sensibility disturbances in the diabetic foot, using a simple and non‐invasive method.
Effect of treatment with capsaicin on daily activities of patients with painful diabetic neuropathy. Capsaicin Study Group$$$ OBJECTIVE: To establish the effects of topically applied capsaicin on daily activities in patients with painful diabetic neuropathy. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Investigators at 12 sites enrolled 277 men and women with painful peripheral polyneuropathy and/or radiculopathy in an 8‐wk double‐blind vehicle‐controlled study with parallel randomized treatment assignments. Participants were unresponsive or intolerant to conventional therapy and were experiencing pain that interfered with functional activities and/or sleep. Either 0.075% capsaicin cream or vehicle cream was applied to the painful areas 4 times/day. A visual analogue scale of pain intensity and baseline measurements of the pain's interference with the ability to walk, work, participate in recreational activities, use shoes and socks, sleep, and eat were recorded at onset and at 2‐wk intervals. A physician's global evaluation scale assessed changes in pain status from baseline. RESULTS: Statistically significant differences are percentage of patients with improvement in favor of capsaicin versus vehicle: 69.5 vs 53.4% with clinical improvement in pain status (P = 0.012), 26.1 vs. 14.6% with improvement in walking (P = 0.029), 18.3 vs. 9.2% with improvement in working (P = 0.019), 29.5 vs. 20.3% with improvement in sleeping (P = 0.036), and 22.8 vs. 12.1% with improvement in participating in recreational activities (P = 0.037). CONCLUSIONS: The results from this study suggest that topical 0.075% capsaicin is effective for reducing pain in patients with painful diabetic neuropathy with subsequent improvement in daily activities, enhancing the quality of the patient's life.
The 2017 Banting Memorial Lecture The diabetic lower limb - a forty year journey: from clinical observation to clinical science$$$ A series of clinical research projects conducted over the past 40 years, all of which were informed by clinical observation or discussions with people with diabetes and staff colleagues are described in this review. A study of necrobiosis lipoidica diabeticorum confirmed that this rare skin complication occurs predominantly in young women with Type 1 diabetes and other microvascular complications. Biopsies of necrobiotic lesions showed destruction of superficial nerve fibres by inflammatory tissue, which likely causes the sensory loss in lesions that is pathognomonic of the condition. The development of corneal confocal microscopy as a new non‐invasive surrogate marker of peripheral neuropathy in diabetes is described next and several small studies of the use of this new technique in clinical research are reported. The influence of blood glucose instability on the genesis of neuropathic pain is then explained, with results suggesting that the stability of glycaemic control may be more important than the level of control achieved. Lastly, in neuropathy, studies of gustatory sweating are discussed, including the observation that sweating in the head and neck region is more common in people with end‐stage diabetic nephropathy than in those with neuropathy. The disappearance of gustatory sweating after renal transplantation suggests a metabolic cause and for those with troublesome sweating, use of the anticholinergic, anti‐muscarinic, topical cream glycopyrrolate is confirmed in a randomized control trial. In the area of diabetic foot research, distended dorsal foot veins were observed to be a clinical sign of sympathetic autonomic neuropathy: raised venous Po2 and Doppler abnormalities of blood flow are highly suggestive of arteriovenous shunting. A series of studies of the abnormalities of pressures and loads under the neuropathic diabetic foot are described: high dynamic plantar pressures are highly predictive of subsequent ulceration in the neuropathic foot. Lastly, a number of recent studies on unsteadiness and gait abnormalities when climbing and descending stairs are described. It is hoped that the art of clinical observation survives in the highly technological 21st century.
Effect of Lactobacillus gasseri BNR17 on Overweight and Obese Adults: a Randomized, Double-Blind Clinical Trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Lactobacillus gasseri BNR17 is a type of probiotic strain isolated from human breast milk. A study was reported regarding the fact that BNR17 was an inhibitor of obesity and diabetic activities in the human body through previous animal experiments. This study was furthered to investigate the effect of BNR17, a probiotic strain isolated from human breast milk, on obese and overweight adults. METHODS: Sixty‐two obese volunteers aged 19 to 60 with body mass index ≥ 23 kg/m(2) and fasting blood sugar ≥ 100 mg/dL participated in a placebo controlled, randomized, and double‐blind trial. For 12 weeks, 57 participants were given either placebo or BNR17 and were tested by measuring body fat, body weight, various biochemical parameters, vital signs, and computed tomography at the start of the study and at weeks 4, 8, and 12. The subjects assumed usual daily activities without having to make behavioral or dietary modifications during the course of the study. RESULTS: At the 12th week, a slight reduction in body weight was noted in the BNR17 group, but there were no significant weight changes between groups. Decrease of waist and hip circumferences in the BNR17 group was more pronounced than those in the placebo group. The two groups had no special or severe adverse reactions. CONCLUSION: Despite there being no change in behavior or diet, administration of only the supplement of BNR17 reduced weight and waist and hip circumference. However, there were no significant differences between the two groups. These findings warrant a subsequent longer‐term prospective clinical investigation with a large population.
Resolution of diabetes, gastrointestinal symptoms, and self-reported dietary intake after gastric bypass versus sleeve gastrectomy: a randomized study$$$ Background: There is a lack of randomized studies examining diabetes remission and dietary intake between patients undergoing Roux‐en‐Y gastric bypass (RYGB) versus sleeve gastrectomy (SG). Objective: To examine longitudinal differences in diabetes resolution, dietary intake, and gastrointestinal (GI) symptoms in patients with obesity and type 2 diabetes (T2D) randomized to either RYGB or SG and according to remission of T2D. Setting: Four hospitals in Sweden, 2 of which are university hospitals. Methods: Dietary intake and GI symptoms were calculated from questionnaires and morphometric differences between surgical methods and T2D remission were compared using the Student t test, effect size (ES) for parametric parameters, and Mann‐Whitney U test for nonparametric parameters. Results: Five years after RYGB or SG there was no significant difference in the rate of remission of T2D between RYGB and SG (43% versus 20%, P = .176). RYGB (n = 19) patients had greater weight loss than SG patients (n = 14) (26.4 [9.5] versus 13.1 [9.6] kg, P < .001), despite reporting higher daily caloric intake (Δ 669 kcal, P = .059, ES .67) and food weight (Δ 1029 g/d, P = .003, ES 1.11). RYGB patients, compared with SG patients, also ate 1 more fruit per day (P = .023). Pooled data showed no differences between patients with and without T2D remission regarding weight loss, but those in remission drank more nonalcoholic drinks and milk. Conclusions: Five years postoperatively, patients randomized to RYGB reported considerably higher food intake compared with SG despite lower body weight. The reason and importance of the higher food intake after RYGB compared with SG needs to be further studied.
Effects of a Meal Replacement on Body Composition and Metabolic Parameters among Subjects with Overweight or Obesity$$$ Meal replacement plans are effective tools for weight loss and improvement of various clinical characteristics but not sustainable due to the severe energy restriction. The aim of the study was to evaluate the impact of meal replacement, specifically 388 kcal in total energy, on body composition and metabolic parameters in individuals with overweight and obesity from a Chinese population. A parallel, randomized controlled trial was performed with 174 participants (ChiCTR‐OOC‐17012000). The intervention group (N=86) was provided with a dinner meal replacement, and the control group (N=88) continued their routine diet as before. Body composition and blood parameters were assessed at 0, 4, 8, and 12 weeks. A post hoc analysis (least significant difference (LSD) test), repeated measurements, and paired T‐test were used to compare each variable within and between groups. Significant (p<0.001) improvements in body composition components were observed among the intervention group, including body weight (‐4.3 ± 3.3%), body mass index (‐4.3 ± 3.3%), waist circumference (‐4.3 ± 4.4%), fat‐free mass (‐1.8 ± 2.9%), and body fat mass (‐5.3 ± 8.8%). Body composition improvements corresponded with significant metabolic improvements of blood glucose (‐4.7 ± 9.8%). Further improvements in visceral fat area (‐7.7 ± 10.1%), accompanying with improvements in systolic (‐3.7 ± 6.9%) and diastolic (‐5.3 ± 7.7%) blood pressure, were only found in male subjects. To conclude, meal replacement intake with 388 kcal in total energy at dinner time for 12 weeks contributed to improvement in body composition and clinically significant metabolic parameters in both male and female participants with overweight/obesity. Additionally, glucose and blood pressure reduction were gender‐specific highlighting the importance of gender stratification for design of nutritional intervention studies for improvement of health.
Comparison of plasma glucose, serum insulin, and C-peptide responses to three isocaloric breakfasts in non-insulin-dependent diabetic subjects$$$ While differences in glucose and insulin responses to specific carbohydrate foods have been reported, few data are available for mixed meals incorporating such foods. This study compared the plasma glucose (PG), serum insulin (SI), and C‐peptide (CP) responses to three different isocaloric test breakfasts given in random order to eight insulin‐treated non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients. The test meals were selected from a hospital food exchange list and contained similar quantities of carbohydrate, protein, fat, and dietary fiber. The postprandial PG, SI, and CP responses to two of the test breakfasts (meal A: eggs, toasted wholemeal bread, orange juice, margarine, and milk$$$ meal B: wheatflake biscuits, toasted wholemeal bread, milk, and margarine) were similar (meal A: 104.3 +/‐ 23.0 mg X h X dl‐1, 5996 +/‐ 1108 microU X min X ml‐1, and 89.8 +/‐ 25.4 pmol X min X ml‐1, respectively$$$ meal B: 104.9 +/‐ 21.6 mg X h X dl‐1, 6268 +/‐ 1161 microU X min X ml‐1, and 99.8 +/‐ 26.4 pmol X min X ml‐1, respectively). Meal C, consisting of toasted muesli and skim milk, produced smaller glycemic and insulin responses (46.8 +/‐ 8.8 mg X h X dl‐1$$$ P less than .02, and 4369 +/‐ 700 microU X min X ml‐1$$$ P less than .05, respectively) than meals A and B and less endogenous insulin secretion (CP response 62.8 +/‐ 19.9 pmol X min X ml‐1$$$ P less than .05 compared with meal A, NS compared with meal B).(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
A balanced-sustainable calorie-restricted diet effect using “eats up”application on waist circumference and inflammatory marker among Indonesian obese women: randomized clinical trial$$$ Background/Aims: The lack of compliance in dietary restriction for obesity management remains a challenge. Dietary management through mobile application can be an alternative solution to enhance the effectiveness of obesity management. This study investigated the effect of a balanced‐sustainable calorie‐restricted diet using “EatsUp” application for dietary management in improving waist circumference (WC) and Tumor Necrosis Factor‐α (TNF‐α). Methods: Obese women aged 19‐59 years, with body mass index of ≥25.0 kg/m2 and had android smartphone were randomly allocated to consume a balanced‐sustainable calorie‐restricted diet (intervention group, n = 28) and balanced calorierestricted diet (control group, n = 28). They were instructed to follow recommended menu provided through the “EatsUp” application for eight weeks, weekly nutrition counseling, and sport gathering. Results: A balanced‐sustainable diet limited the intake of red meat and dairy products but high in plant‐based food sources. WC and TNF‐α were assessed at the baseline and end of the intervention. Baseline age, nutritional status, job, expenses and education level were comparable in both groups. After adjusted for body weight, the mean changes in WC was significantly different between the intervention and control group (adjusted mean changes ‐3.1 ± 4.1 versus ‐1.0 ± 3.6 cm, p < 0.05). However, changes in median TNF‐α was not apparent between two groups [adjusted median changes ‐0.6 (‐2.2$$$ 0.2) versus‐0.3 (‐1.7$$$ 0.2) pg/ mL, p > 0.05). Conclusion: A balanced‐sustainable calorie‐restricted diet using “EatsUp” application reduced WC of obese women but unable to reduce inflammation indicated by TNF‐α serum level. Promoting of a balanced‐sustainable diet was needed to prevent further consequences of obesity.
Variable Glycemic Responses to Intact and Hydrolyzed Milk Proteins in Overweight and Obese Adults Reveal the Need for Precision Nutrition$$$ Background Dietary modifications can contribute to improved pancreatic β cell function and enhance glycemic control. Objectives The objectives of this study were as follows: 1) to investigate the potential of milk protein hydrolysates to modulate postprandial glucose response$$$ 2) to assess individual responses$$$ and 3) to explore the inter‐ and intraindividual reproducibility of the response. Methods A 14‐d randomized crossover study investigated interstitial glucose levels of participants in response to 12% w/v milk protein drinks (intact caseinate and casein hydrolysate A and B) consumed in random order with a 2‐d washout between treatments. Milk protein drinks were consumed immediately prior to study breakfast and evening meals. Twenty participants (11 men, 9 women) aged 50 ± 8 y with a body mass index (in kg/m 2) of 30.2 ± 3.1 were recruited. Primary outcome was glucose levels assessed at 15‐min intervals with the use of glucose monitors. Results Repeated‐measures ANOVA revealed that for breakfast there was a significant difference across the 3 treatment groups (P = 0.037). The ability to reduce postprandial glucose was specific to casein hydrolysate B in comparison with intact caseinate (P = 0.039). However, despite this significant difference, further examination revealed that only 3 out of 18 individuals were classified as responders (P < 0.05). High intraclass correlation coefficients were obtained for glucose response to study meals (intraclass correlation coefficient: 0.892 for breakfast with intact caseinate). The interindividual CVs were higher than the intraindividual CVs. Mean inter‐ and intraindividual CVs were 19.4% and 5.7%, respectively, for breakfast with intact caseinate. Conclusion Ingestion of a specific casein hydrolysate successfully reduced the postprandial glucose response$$$ however, at an individual level only 3 participants were classified as responders, highlighting the need for precision nutrition. Exploration of high interindividual responses to nutrition interventions is needed, in combination with the development of precision nutrition, potentially through an n‐of‐1 approach. This clinical trial was registered as ISRCTN61079365 (https://www.isrctn.com/).
Acute C-Terminal Crosslinking Telopeptide of Type I Collagen (CTX-1) Suppression with Milk Calcium or Calcium Carbonate Is Independent of Visceral Fat in a Randomized Crossover Study in Lean and Overweight Postmenopausal Women$$$ BACKGROUND: Postmenopausal women with higher visceral adipose tissue (VAT) present with suppressed bone resorption (lower C‐terminal crosslinking telopeptide of type I collagen$$$ CTX‐1) and turnover (lower osteocalcin) but whether this blunts the effect of calcium is unknown. OBJECTIVES: The primary outcome of this study was the effect of VAT on changes in CTX‐1 after intake of 2 forms of calcium. Secondary outcomes included changes in parathyroid hormone (PTH), serum calcium, phosphorus, and alkaline phosphatase (ALP). METHODS: Randomized open three period crossover trial conducted between 2017 and 2019 at the University of South Australia among 77 lean and overweight postmenopausal women (53‐79 y) with BMI <25 kg/m2 and >27 kg/m2, respectively. Participants received a single dose of milk (1000 mg calcium), calcium carbonate tablet (1000 mg calcium), and fruit juice (no calcium) in random order with a 7‐d washout period. Blood samples were collected at baseline and hourly for 5 h. Data was analyzed by repeated measures ANOVA of log‐transformed data. RESULTS: At baseline, women with higher VAT had significantly lower CTX‐1 and higher PTH (44% lower and 30% higher, respectively, between Q4 and Q1, P < 0.0001). VAT had no influence on the acute changes in CTX‐1 or PTH with calcium or juice. A suppression of 44% in CTX‐1 was seen with calcium carbonate and milk and a suppression of 18% with juice. PTH was suppressed more with calcium carbonate (47%) compared to milk (22%). Milk calcium reduced PTH and CTX‐1 at 2 h, whereas calcium carbonate reduced PTH in 1 h. The suppression in CTX‐1 was slower with lowest concentrations at 4‐5 h. CONCLUSIONS: Intake of 1000 mg calcium from milk or from calcium carbonate is effective in acutely suppressing bone resorption in postmenopausal women irrespective of visceral fat. This trial is registered at http://www.ANZCTR.org.au/ACTRN12617000779370.aspx as ACTRN 12617000779370).
Use of a urea, arginine and carnosine cream versus a standard emollient glycerol cream for treatment of severe xerosis of the feet in patients with type 2 diabetes: a randomized, 8 month, assessor-blinded, controlled trial$$$ Background: No long‐term data are available regarding the effects of emollients in treating severe foot skin xerosis in patients with diabetes. Study aim: We evaluated the efficacy of 8 month urea, arginine and carnosine cream (UC) in comparison with a glycerin‐based emollient cream (SEC) in type 2 patients with diabetes who had severe foot xerosis. Subjects and methods: We assessed the effect of UC and SEC on skin hydration in a randomized, assessor‐blinded study in 50 patients treated with UC (N = 25) or SEC (N = 25) for 32 weeks with a twice daily application. Primary outcomes were a 9 point Xerosis Assessment Scale (XAS) score and a 4 point Overall Cutaneous Score (OCS), evaluated at baseline and after 4, 12 and 32 weeks. Skin hydration and desquamation were also objectively evaluated by means of a bio‐impedance skin analysis device (Hydr8*) at baseline and at week 32. Results: UC induced greater hydration than SEC (p = 0.001) with a 91% reduction at week 32 in XAS score vs. baseline. After 4 weeks, compared with the SEC treated group, the XAS score in the UC treated group was significantly lower. OCS was reduced by 27% from baseline to end of the study in the UC group, and increased by 8% in the SEC group (p = 0.02$$$ between groups). At month 8, skin hydration and desquamation evaluated by the digital skin analysis system statistically improved in UC treated subjects in comparison with baseline and SEC group values. This study was not double‐blind. In order to overcome this problem we performed an assessor‐blinded evaluation of the primary endpoints and used an objective measurement tool for skin hydration and desquamation assessment. Conclusion: Using a urea, arginine and carnosine cream for 8 months increases skin hydration and improves skin dryness in type 2 diabetic patients in comparison with a glycerol‐based emollient cream, with a greater efficacy observed as early as 4 weeks into treatment.
Evaluation of the moisturizer Pédimed(®) in the foot care of diabetic patients$$$ AIM: Xerosis is one of the most common abnormalities observed in the diabetic foot, promoting ulceration through the development of fissures and hyperkeratosis. Its treatment is therefore paramount and must be implemented early on. The objective of this study was to assess the moisturizing properties of Pédimed(®) cream in the treatment of foot xerosis in diabetic patients. METHODS: In this randomized double‐blind study, Pédimed(®) and its placebo were randomly allocated to the right/left foot of each patient (one active/one control side). Products were applied twice daily for 4 weeks. Xerosis was assessed using the clinical Xerosis Assessment Scale (XAS), corneometry (skin hydration measurement) and D‐Squame(®) (scale sample analysis) after 14 (D14) and 28 (D28) days of treatment. RESULTS: Twenty‐four men and 30 women, aged 57.0±12.7 years, with type 1 or type 2 diabetes and moderate‐to‐severe foot xerosis were included. A dramatic decrease in XAS score that was more marked with Pédimed(®) than with placebo was observed from D14 (38.1% vs 20.9%, P<0.0001), reaching 61.9% vs 34.9% at D28 (P<0.0001). The number of feet with fissures was greatly reduced with Pédimed(®) compared with placebo at both D14 (11.1% vs 22.2%, P=0.031) and D28 (5.6% vs 18.5%, P=0.039). Skin hydration increased by 48.9% with Pédimed(®) vs 31.7% with placebo at D14 (P=0.0002), reaching 57.3% vs 36.5% at D28 (P<0.0001). All D‐Squame(®) parameters showed greater improvement with Pédimed(®). Product tolerability was excellent. CONCLUSION: Validated clinical and paraclinical tools demonstrated the efficacy of Pédimed(®) in improving xerosis and reducing fissures of the feet in diabetic patients.
The effect of high protein milk supplementation on satiety in normal weight subjects$$$ Obesity has become a serious problem in the world. Protein is known for giving higher satiety rather than other macronutrients. However, most studies conducted their research on, either overweight or obese subjects, whereas the satiety response might be different. The objective of the study was to evaluate the effect of high protein milk (HPM) supplementation on self‐reported satiety and energy intake in healthy adult men with normal BMI (18.5 – 22.9 kg/m2). In a controlled single‐blind cross‐over study, 17 healthy adult men (age 27±5 years$$$ BMI 21.4��1.13 kg/m2) attended 2 sessions 1 week apart. In each session, all participants consumed a drink of 200 mL HPM (12 g protein, 2.5 g fat, 12 g carbohydrate, 120 kcal) or standard protein milk (SPM) (4g protein, 2.5 g fat, 20 g carbohydrate, 120 kcal) together with standardized breakfast±4 hours before ad libitum lunch. The result showed that fullness and hunger ratings were significantly greater on HPM supplementation than SPM (P = 0.031, P = 0.043, respectively). However, there was no significant effect on the rating of the desire to eat (P = 0.123) and energy intake during lunch (P = 0.926). The results support the hypothesis that supplementation of HPM could improve satiety in healthy adult men with normal BMI.
Effects of Whey Protein and Resistance Exercise on Body Composition: a Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials$$$ OBJECTIVES: The objective of the present meta‐analysis was to examine the effect of whey protein (WP), with or without resistance exercise, on body weight and body composition in randomized controlled trials (RCTs) conducted in generally healthy adult study populations. METHODS: A comprehensive literature search was conducted to identify RCTs that investigated WP (concentrate, isolate, or hydrolystate) and body weight, body mass index (BMI), body fat, lean body mass (LBM), fat‐free mass (FFM), and waist circumference. Random effects meta‐analyses were conducted to generate weighted group mean differences (WGMD) for between‐group comparisons (WP vs other protein sources or carbohydrates) and within‐WP group comparisons (i.e., differences from baseline to trial end). Studies were classified into 2 distinct groups‐WP as a supplement without dietary modification (WPS) and WP as a replacement for other sources of calories (WPR)‐and were meta‐analyzed separately. Subgroup analyses included examining the effect of resistance exercise and type of WP on the relationship between WP and body composition. RESULTS: Fourteen RCTs were included, with a total of 626 adult study completers. Five studies examined the effects of WPR and the remaining 9 studies examined the effects of WPS. Body weight (WGMD: ‐4.20 kg, 95% confidence interval [CI], ‐7.67, ‐0.73) and body fat (WGMD: ‐3.74 kg, 95% CI, ‐5.98, ‐1.50) were significantly decreased from baseline in the WPR within‐group analyses. In the between‐group analyses, the effects of WP were more favorable when compared with carbohydrates than protein sources other than whey, although findings did not reach statistical significance. Results from the subgroup analyses indicated a statistically significant increase in LBM (WGMD: 2.24 kg, 95% CI, 0.66, 3.81) among studies that included a resistance exercise component along with WP provision. CONCLUSION: The current body of literature supports the use of WP, either as a supplement combined with resistance exercise or as part of a weight loss or weight maintenance diet, to improve body composition parameters.
Effect of soy drink replacement in a weight reducing diet on anthropometric values and blood pressure among overweight and obese female youths$$$ BACKGROUND: Soy drink replacement in the diet might have beneficial effects on anthropometric and blood pressure values for overweight and obese subjects. Therefore, we are going to determine the effects of soy drink replacements on the weight, waist circumference and blood pressure among overweight and obese female youths. PATIENTS AND METHODS: This was a cross‐over randomized clinical trial on 23 overweight and obese female subjects. All patients were on a weight reducing diet. There were two trial periods for six weeks (soy drink period and cow's milk period) and a washout period for 3 weeks. In the soy drink period only one glass of soy drink (240 cc) was consumed instead of one glass of cow's milk. RESULTS: The mean age of the patients was 22±2 years. Mean of BMI was 28.1±0.5. Weight and waist circumference did not changed significantly after the soy drink period compared to the cow's milk period. Systolic blood pressure reduced significantly following the soy drink period (mean percent change in soy drink period: ‐4.0±0.9 vs ‐1.7±0.5 in the cow's milk period$$$ p<0.05). Diastolic blood pressure also reduced in the soy drink period (‐0.4±0.1 vs 0.4±0.1$$$ p<0.05). CONCLUSION: Soy drink replacement could reduce both systolic and diastolic blood pressure among overweight and obese female youths. However, this replacement had no significant results on weight and waist circumference.
The effect of milk proteins on appetite regulation and diet-induced thermogenesis$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: There is increasing evidence to support that a high‐protein diet may promote weight loss and prevent weight (re)gain better than a low‐protein diet, and that the effect is due to higher diet‐induced thermogenesis (DIT) and increased satiety. However, data on the effect of different types of protein are limited. In the present study we compare the effect of whey, casein and milk on DIT and satiety. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Seventeen slightly overweight (29 ± 4 kg/m(2)) male subjects completed the study. The study had a randomized, crossover design, where the effect on 4 h postprandial energy expenditure (EE), substrate oxidation and subjective appetite sensation of three isocaloric test meals containing either a whey drink, a casein drink or skim milk was examined. Energy intake (EI) at a subsequent ad libitum lunch was also measured. RESULTS: There was no significant effect on subjective appetite sensation, but EI at lunch was lower after the milk test meal than after the casein (9%$$$ P=0.0260) and the whey (9%$$$ P=0.0258) test meals. Postprandial lipid oxidation was significantly higher after the casein test meal compared with the whey test meal (P=0.0147) when adjusted for baseline values. There was no significant difference in effect on EE, protein oxidation or carbohydrate oxidation. CONCLUSIONS: Milk reduced subsequent EI more than isocaloric drinks containing only whey or casein. A small but significant increase in lipid oxidation was seen after casein compared with whey.
Cutaneous glucocorticoid receptor sensitivity and pro-inflammatory cytokine levels in antidepressant-resistant depression$$$ BACKGROUND: There is evidence to indicate that peripheral glucocorticoid receptor (GR) function is reduced in major depression, and a possible molecular explanation for this is the impact of raised pro‐inflammatory cytokines. The topical steroid vasoconstriction assay provides a convenient probe of peripheral GR function. The present study sought to assess the sensitivity of peripheral GRs in antidepressant‐resistant major depressives and investigate the association between GR sensitivity and circulating plasma cytokines. METHOD: Nineteen antidepressant‐resistant depressives together with age‐ and sex‐matched healthy controls underwent the steroid vasoconstriction assay using three commercial preparations of corticosteroids containing clobetasol propionate 0.05%, betamethasone valerate 0.1%, and clobetasone butyrate 0.05%, corresponding to very potent, potent, and moderately potent steroid creams respectively. The pro‐inflammatory cytokines, tumour necrosis factor‐alpha (TNF‐alpha) and interleukin‐6 (IL‐6) were measured using enzyme‐linked immunosorbent assays. The severity of the depressive episode was assessed using the Hamilton Depression Scale (HAMD). RESULTS: Depressed subjects had a significantly reduced vasoconstriction response across all three strengths of steroid. They also had significantly higher concentrations of TNF‐alpha and IL‐6. There was a significant inverse correlation between TNF‐alpha concentration and vasoconstriction response and also between the HAMD score and vasoconstriction response. CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest that cutaneous GR function is abnormal in antidepressant‐resistant depression, that circulating TNF‐alpha may play a significant role in this abnormality and that the efficacy of topical steroids in antidepressant‐resistant depressives is reduced.
Local application of drug 5- FLUOROURACIL as a Medication THERAPY following removal of tumour called AMELOBLASTOMA$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: 5% 5‐Fluorouracil: After enucleation of the tumor the walls of the cavity were coated with 5% 5‐Fu cream and the cavity was packed with tape gauze soaked with glycerine + 5% lignocaine gel + 5% 5‐FU solution (500mg/10 ml) with the end exposed and the cavity was regularly changed and packed for 7 days and after that the cavity was sutured back. Control Intervention1: Modified Carnoys Solution: After enucleation, the cavity was packed with tape gauze soaked with modified carnoys solution for 3 mins and then the pack was removed and the cavity was sutured back CONDITION: Health Condition 1: O‐ Medical and Surgical PRIMARY OUTCOME: 1) Nerve Paresthesia $$$ 2) Radiographic Healing of lesion $$$ 3) Recurrence of lesionTimepoint: 1) Nerve Paresthesia ‐ pre‐op, post‐op, 1 month, 3 months, 6 months, 1 year, 1 year 6 months, 2 years. $$$ 2) Radiographic Healing of lesion ‐ pre‐op, post‐op, 1 month, 3 months, 6 months, 1 year, 1 year 6 months, 2 years. $$$ 3) Recurrence of lesion ‐ pre‐op, post‐op, 1 month, 3 months, 6 months, 1 year, 1 year 6 months, 2 years SECONDARY OUTCOME: Volumetric Analysis of the cavity following excision.Timepoint: Pre‐op ‐ S0 $$$ 6 months post ‐op ‐ S1 $$$ 12 months post‐op ‐ S2 INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) All the Histopathologically diagnosed cases of Ameloblastoma reporting in OPD. 2) All patients willing and fit for surgery. 3) All the cases who are undergoing treatment for the 1st time.
Prospective randomised controlled study on imiquimod 5% cream as pre-treatment of Mohs micrographic surgery for primary large nodular basal cell carcinoma in the face$$$ INTERVENTION: Product: Imiquimod 5% cream (Aldara®) applied locally on the skin, on the target tumour and 1 cm around the tumour. The cream has to be applied at night and left for approximately 8 hours. It has to be applied once daily, 5 days a week, for 4 weeks. No other local treatment modality is allowed on the target area during the study, in both groups. CONDITION: $$$ basal cell carcinoma $$$ skin cancer 10040900 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Defect sizes: Sizes are measured (in mm2), between group differences are $$$ calculated. $$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: Tumour sizes: Sizes are measured, between group differences are calculated $$$ (imiquimod versus control group). $$$ In addition sizes pre and post imiquimod treatment (in the imiquimod group) $$$ will be compared. $$$ Increase in area from baseline lesion to post‐MMS defects are calculated and $$$ compared between both groups. $$$ $$$ Reconstruction time will be measered in both groups and the between group $$$ difference will be noted. $$$ $$$ Cost analysis: $$$ Between group differences for total costs will be compared. These costs will be $$$ related to decrease in defect size and cosmetic result. $$$ $$$ Cosmetic outcome: $$$ Outcomes of the visual analog scale will be compared for both groups. $$$ $$$ Quality of life: A questionnaire will be used to compare both treatments. $$$ Before treatment, 4 weeks and 3 months after treatment. $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients > 18 yrs Nodular/ nodular and partially superficial basal cell carcinoma in the face Diameter 1‐5 cm
Diet during pregnancy and disparities in fetal growth: the nest cohort$$$ Diet in pregnancy is thought to potentially contribute to race/ethnic disparities in reproductive outcomes, but evidence is scarce. We assessed how Mediterranean diet (MD) adherence and “junk foods” (e.g. cakes/pastries) related to fetal growth among 788 women from the Newborn Epigenetic Study (NEST) using food frequency data. MD scores were based on intakes >median for 8 beneficial (fruit, vegetables, fish, dairy products, whole grains, nuts, legumes, mono: saturated fat) and <median for 2 less beneficial (processed and unprocessed meats) items. Compared with white women (mean birthweight [BW] 3391g), education‐adjusted differences in BW were ‐220±40g in Blacks. MD scores were lower in Black than white women, while junk food intakes were higher (P<0.05). In BW models, prepregnancy BMI by MD adherence interactions were significant (P<0.10). High MD adherence (>7 points) was associated with increased BW in normal weight women (P<0.05), with benefits of this diet attenuated in overweight women. Associations between BW and/or low BW with MD components such as whole grains were positive, while associations with cakes/pastries were negative. However, adjusting for MD score or food groups only slightly attenuated race disparities in BW. Results highlight disparities in intake that may influence fetal growth, but suggest the role of diet in BW disparities is complex.
Effects of low doses of fish and milk proteins on glucose regulation and markers of insulin sensitivity in overweight adults: a randomised, double blind study$$$ PURPOSE: To examine whether supplementation with low doses of fish or milk proteins would affect glucose regulation and circulating lipid concentrations in overweight healthy adults. METHODS: Ninety‐three overweight adults were assigned to receive 2.5 g protein/day from herring (HER), salmon (SAL), cod (COD) or milk (CAS, a casein‐whey mixture as positive control) as tablets for 8 weeks. RESULTS: Seventy‐seven participants were included in the analyses. HER and SAL did not affect glucose and insulin concentrations. COD significantly reduced within‐group changes in 90 and 120 min postprandial glucose concentrations but changes were not different from HER and SAL groups. CAS supplementation significantly reduced the area under the curve for glucose concentrations (‐ 7%), especially when compared to SAL group, and reduced postprandial insulin c‐peptide concentration (‐ 23%). Reductions in acetoacetate (‐ 24%) and β‐hydroxybutyrate (‐ 29%) serum concentrations in HER group were more prominent compared to SAL and COD groups, with no differences between fish protein groups for α‐hydroxybutyrate. Serum concentrations of α‐hydroxybutyrate (‐ 23%), acetoacetate (‐ 39%) and β‐hydroxybutyrate (‐ 40%) were significantly reduced within CAS group, and the decreases were significantly more pronounced when compared to SAL group. Serum lipid concentrations were not altered in any of the intervention groups. CONCLUSION: Findings indicate that 2.5 g/day of proteins from fish or milk may be sufficient to improve glucose regulation in overweight adults. The effects were most pronounced after supplementation with proteins from cod, herring and milk, whereas salmon protein did not affect any of the measurements related to glucose regulation. CLINICAL TRAIL REGISTRATION: This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01641055.
Effect of vitamin a fortified milk intake on serum retinol levels of Mexican preschool children$$$ Objective: Women and children of the developing world are the most vulnerable populations for suffering the adverse health effects of vitamin A deficiency (VAD). In Mexico, VAD is a public health problem especially for children under 5 years of age. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of the daily intake of vitamin A fortified “Liconsa” milk on the serum retinol levels of preschool children. Methods: Thirteen vitamin A deficient preschool children participated in this study and subjects were randomly assigned to treatment and control groups. Serum retinol was evaluated at baseline and three months after daily intake of vitamin A fortified “Liconsa” milk. In addition, anthropometric and dietary data were collected. Results: According to anthropometric indicators the children had a normal nutritional status, overweight was found in 7.7% (n=1) of the subjects. There was an improvement on serum retinol levels of the treatment group. There was a reduction of subclinical VAD in 23% of the preschool children, whom reached normal serum retinol levels (P>0.05). Conclusion: Daily intake of vitamin A fortified “Liconsa” milk during a three month period, increased serum retinol levels of Mexican preschool children.
The effect of fresh goat's milk on anthropometric overview in healthy women$$$ Context: Most people believe that goat milk contains high fat$$$ therefore, regular consumption of goat milk will increase body weight. This assumption needs to be proven to be able to utilize the use of milk to improve public health. Aims: To analyze the effects of fresh goat milk on body weight and body mass index (BMI) in women. Methods: The research was an experiment study (pretest‐posttest with control group design). A total of 18 volunteers, female, healthy, and aged 18‐19 years have participated in the study. The subjects were divided into two groups: intervention group (treated with fresh goat milk) and control group (untreated with goat milk). Fresh goat milk is given in the morning between 08:00‐09:00 a.m with a dose of 1× 250 mg/day and given for 110 days. Subjects for both groups were not given a special diet and without any dietary restrictions during the study as well as treatment. The subjects used had met the inclusion and exclusion criteria as subjects. Results: The results showed that there was a significant decrease of weight (before = 51.22 and after = 48.83$$$ p = 0.001) and BMI (before = 21.18 and after = 20.02$$$ p = 0.001) after goat milk consumption in the trial group. In the control group, there were no difference in weight (before = 53.72 and after = 53.05$$$ p = 0.066) and BMI (before = 22.04 and after = 22.07$$$ p = 0.068) before and after intervention of fresh goat milk. Conclusions: Regular consumption of fresh goat milk decreased weight and BMI$$$ therefore, goat's milk can be useful for healthy nutrition for women$$$ meanwhile, many factors that influence anthropometry were not analyzed in this study. Further research is needed for its use in reducing body weight in people with overweight/obesity.
Physical activity and milk intake with conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) in healthy people with excess weight$$$ Objective: To analyze the effects of the intake of a milk containing conjugated linoleic acid (TONALÍN‐CLA) in a group of healthy subjects of both sexes with overweight (average BMI, 28), carrying out programmed physical activity (60 minutes, four times a week). Material and method: 31 participants in the investigation were recruited voluntarily having the clinical study a total duration of 4 months. During the initial contact the participants signed the informed consent for participation$$$ also, the clinical history and physical exploration, electro‐cardiogram, body composition by classic anthropometry and for pletismography, blood analysis, and nutritional survey of 3 days were carried out. The study was controlled, randomized and double blinded. The subjects carried out regular physical activity and consumed 500 mL of milk per day, during the 4 months of duration of the trial. The milk intake was 500 mL (with orwithout 3 g of CLA, respectively). Results: The group receiving 3 glday of CLA decreased BMI (p<0,0001), its subcutaneous fat mass measured by anthropometry (p<0,002) and the total fat mass measured by pletismography (p<0,0001). No relevant variations were observed in the haematological and biochemical parameters studied. Conclusion: The administration of 3 g of CLA/day to a group of people that carried out physical activity decreased their BMI, total weight and fat mass in comparison to the group that did not eat CLA (although they practiced identical physical activity). The decrease in fat mass, measured by pletismography, was comparatively higher than that measured by anthropometry (p<0,05), allowing us to consider that it is the visceral fat mass (better approached by pletismograhy) the one more affected. These changes in the total fat mass were independent of age and sex.
Influence of Cow's Milk and Esomeprazole on the Absorption of Erlotinib: a Randomized, Crossover Pharmacokinetic Study in Lung Cancer Patients$$$ Introduction: Erlotinib’s gastrointestinal solubility and absorption are decreased by proton pump inhibitors (PPIs). Since erlotinib is a lipophilic drug, we hypothesized that concomitant intake with the fatty beverage milk may be a feasible way to increase erlotinib uptake. We performed a two‐period, randomized, crossover study to investigate the influence of cow’s milk with 3.9% fat on the exposure of erlotinib with and without the PPI esomeprazole in patients with non‐small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). The effect of esomeprazole was studied in an additional intrapatient comparison. Method: Pharmacokinetic sampling was performed on days 7 and 14 during 24 consecutive hours. During the 7 days prior to pharmacokinetic sampling, erlotinib was taken daily with 250 mL of either water or milk. In the PPI arm, esomeprazole (40 mg once daily 3 h prior to erlotinib) was taken for 3 days. Results: Erlotinib area under the curve from time zero to 24 h (AUC24) did not significantly change when administered with milk, compared with water, in both non‐PPI users (n = 14$$$ − 3%$$$ 95% confidence interval [CI] − 12 to 8%$$$ p = 0.57) and patients who used esomeprazole (n = 15$$$ 0%$$$ 95% CI − 15 to 17%$$$ p = 0.95). Esomeprazole decreased erlotinib AUC24 by 47% (n = 9$$$ 95% CI − 57 to − 34%$$$ p < 0.001) and Cmax by 56% (95% CI − 64 to − 46%$$$ p < 0.001). No differences in toxicities were observed between milk and water. Conclusion: Milk with 3.9% fat has no effect on the exposure to erlotinib in NSCLC patients, independent of PPI use. The combination with milk is safe and well tolerated. Concomitant esomeprazole treatment strongly decreased both erlotinib AUC24 and Cmax and should be avoided if possible.
Prevotella-to-Bacteroides ratio predicts body weight and fat loss success on 24-week diets varying in macronutrient composition and dietary fiber$$$ Introduction: Individuals with high pre‐treatment microbial Prevotella‐ to‐Bacteroides (P/B) ratio have been reported to lose more body weight on diets high in fiber than subjects with a low P/B ratio. Therefore, the aim of the present study was to examine potential differences in dietary weight loss responses between participants with low and high P/B. Methods: Eighty overweight participants were randomized (52 completed) to a 500 kcal/d energy deficit diet with a macronutrient composition of 30 energy percentage (E%) fat, 52 E% carbohydrate and 18 E% protein either high (≈1500 mg calcium/day) or low (≤600 mg calcium/day) in dairy products for 24 weeks. Body weight, body fat (by DXA), and dietary intake (by 7‐day dietary records) were determined. Individuals were dichotomized according to their pre‐treatment P/B ratio derived from 16S rRNA gene sequencing of collected fecal samples in order to test the potential modification of dietary effects using linear mixed models. Results: Independent of the randomized diets, individuals with high P/B lost 3.8 kg (95%CI, 1.8,5.8$$$ P < 0.001) more body weight and 3.8 kg (95% CI, 1.1, 6.5$$$ P = 0.005) more body fat compared to individuals with low P/B. Using median split of self‐reported dietary intake, individuals with high P/B lost more body weight when consuming a diet high in dietary fiber [6.8 kg (95% CI, 3.5, 10.0$$$ P < 0.001)], carbohydrate [6.8 kg (95% CI, 4.1, 9.5$$$ P < 0.001)], protein [6.2 kg (95% CI, 2.9, 9.5$$$ P < 0.001)], and low in fat [3.1 kg (95% CI, 0.1, 6.2$$$ P = 0.042)]. No differences were found among individuals with low P/B (0.3‐1.0 kg$$$ P ≥ 0.35). Weight loss among individuals with no detectable Prevotella (n = 8) also differend according to self‐reported dietary intake (See table 1). Conclusion: Individuals with high P/B lost more body weight and body fat compared to individuals with low P/B, confirming that individuals with a high P/B are more susceptible to weight loss on a diet rich in fiber, carbohydrate, and protein as well as low in fat.
Identification of a novel milk-protein derived bioactive for glycaemic management$$$ Background and aims: Milk proteins have been reported to have potential benefits for reducing risk of type 2 diabetes. However, what the active components of milk proteins are for glycaemic management has received little investigation in humans. The objectives of this study were to (1) investigate the effects ofmilk‐derived bioactives on insulin secretion from pancreatic β‐cells in vitro and in an ob/ob mouse model, and (2) ascertain the effects on postprandial glycaemia and possible underlying mechanisms in humans. Materials and methods: Effects of a range of milk protein hydrolysates on β‐cell insulin secretion from BRIN‐BD11 cells, were first tested. Metabolic profiling and functional assays including intracellular calcium and plasmamembrane potential (PMP) were further performed, following treatment of the cells with the most promising bioactive (identified as a casein hydrolysate). This bioactive was brought forward to be tested in an animal model and glucose tolerance tests (GTTs) were performed pre and post a 12 week intervention. The acute effect of the bioactive was subsequently tested in healthy human volunteers. Participants (n=62, mean ±SEM$$$ age 53 ±0.9 years, BMI 31.3 ±0.6 kg/m2) were provided with a fixed breakfast containing 70g carbohydrate, along with a 10% (w/v) solution of either the casein hydrolysate or a sodium caseinate (intact control protein) in a randomised, crossover fashion. Blood samples were collected over 2 hours postprandially and analysed for a range of biomarkers. In a subsample (n=9), gastric emptying rate was assessed by paracetamol absorption test. Results: The bioactive identified stimulated the highest insulin levels from BRIN‐BD11 cells, with insulin secretion significantly increasing in the presence of 16.7mM glucose plus 1 mg/ml bioactive compared to 16.7mM glucose alone (25.65 ng/mg protein ±0.7 SEM vs 11.78 ng/mg protein ±1.2 SEM, P<0.001), and to a similar level as the positive control of 16.7mM glucose plus 10mM alanine (27.87 ng/mg protein ±1.1 SEM, P=0.47). Intracellular calcium and PMP of cells were not changed. Metabolomics analysis revealed increases in C18:1n9, C20:5n3 and MUFA, succinate and decreases in GABA and sn‐glycero‐3‐phosphocholine (P<0.05 for all). In the ob/ob model, acute treatment with the bioactive improved glucose tolerance with a reduction in AUC during a GTT (P<0.01). In human subjects, postprandial insulin secretion was enhanced at 15min after acute ingestion of the casein hydrolysate in comparison to the intact protein (63.99 mU/L ±6.2 SEM vs 53.38mU/L ±4.8 SEM, P<0.05). This was mirrored by a reduction in blood glucose at the same time‐point (P<0.05) and in postprandial delta glucose AUC (P<0.01). Non‐esterified fatty acids were also reduced in response to the casein hydrolysate compared to the intact protein (P<0.01). Conclusion: The milk protein‐derived bioactive identified has a positive effect on insulin secretion from β‐cells both in vitro and in humans. The bioactive promoted insulin secretion through a Ca2+‐independent pathway and significantly altered themetabolic profile. Characterisation of the gastric emptying pattern will provide additional insight into potential mechanisms of action. Identification of this novel hydrolysate and underlying mechanisms provides an opportunity for future use as part of a functional food matrix for glycaemic management. Further work is underway to incorporate such a bioactive into food matrices and to examine longer term effects.
PDRN-based cream in the prevention and treatment of radiodermatitis in Head and nech cancer: our experience$$$ Purpose or Objective: This study was designed to assess the efficacy and tolerability of a PDRN (Polideoxyribonucleotides)‐ based cream formulation in the prevention and treatment of radiodermatitis in patient with head and neck cancer treated with CTRT (concomitant chemo‐radiotherapy). PDRN is a well‐known registered drug with tissue repairing, anti‐ischemic and anti‐inflammatory properties and we already tested it in a previous study on breast cancer patients. Material and Methods: Patients with head and neck cancer has been randomized to use a cream, standard of care in our institution or a PDRN‐based cream, throughout the duration of radiotherapy and for two weeks afterwards. Patients were monitored before therapy, weekly during therapy, and for 2 weeks after radiotherapy was completed, using RTOG skin toxicity grading scale. Patients were treated with Helicoidal Tomotherapy, choosing appropriate RT dose and fractionation according to disease presentation and with concomitant chemotherapy, using both conventional than hypofractionation schedules. We assessed on these patients several clinical variables as tumor histology, skin phototype, concomitant chemotherapy and medical conditions. Results: Between december 2016 and march 2018, 102 consecutive patients, were enrolled in this study. Median age of the patients was 62.5 (range 46‐84). 50/60 (83%) patients in the PDRN group vs. 57/62 (91%) patients in the control group had some grade of skin toxicity at the end of the treatment. At 4th week, 19/60 patients (31%) in the PDRN group vs. 37/62 (60%) patients in the control group had G2 grade of skin toxicity (p=0.0095). After 15 days from the end of the treatment, 5/60 patients (8%) in the PDRN group vs. 11/62 patients (18%) in the control group had some grade of skin toxicity (p=0.049). After 60 days from the end of the treatment, 1/60 patients in the PDRN group vs. 4/60 patients in the control group had G1 grade of skin toxicity (p=0.047). No differences were seen regarding other variables examined. Conclusion: PDRN based cream improves the acute skin toxicity profile of head and neck cancer patients undergoing CTRT. In these patients, the maximum skin toxicity grade is lower and the complete skin healing is faster. We need more patients and a longer follow up to assess late toxicity as fibrosis.
Post-resistance exercise ingestion of milk protein attenuates plasma TNFα and TNFr1 expression on monocyte subpopulations$$$ Attenuating TNFα/TNFr1 signaling in monocytes has been proposed as a means of mitigating inflammation. The purpose of this study was to examine the effects of a milk protein supplement on TNFα and monocyte TNFr1 expression. Ten resistance‐trained men (24.7 ± 3.4 years$$$ 90.1 ± 11.3 kg$$$ 176.0 ± 4.9 cm) ingested supplement (SUPP) or placebo (PL) immediately post‐exercise in a randomized, cross‐over design. Blood samples were obtained at baseline (BL), immediately (IP), 30‐min (30P), 1‐h (1H), 2‐h (2H), and 5‐h (5H) post‐exercise to assess plasma concentrations of myoglobin$$$ tumor necrosis factor‐alpha (TNFα)$$$ and expression of tumor necrosis factor receptor 1 (TNFr1) on classical, intermediate, and non‐classical monocytes. Magnitude‐based inferences were used to provide inferences on the true effects of SUPP compared to PL. Plasma TNFα concentrations were "likely attenuated" (91.6% likelihood effect) from BL to 30P in the SUPP group compared with PL (d = 0.87$$$ mean effect: 2.3 ± 2.4 pg mL‐1). TNFr1 expressions on classical (75.9% likelihood effect) and intermediate (93.0% likelihood effect) monocytes were "likely attenuated" from BL to 2H in the SUPP group compared with PL (d = 0.67$$$ mean effect: 510 ± 670 RFU, and d = 1.05$$$ mean effect: 2500 ± 2300 RFU, respectively). TNFr1 expression on non‐classical monocytes was "likely attenuated" (77.6% likelihood effect) from BL to 1H in the SUPP group compared with PL (d = 0.69$$$ mean effect: 330 ± 430 RFU). Ingestion of a milk protein supplement immediately post‐exercise appears to attenuate both plasma TNFα concentrations and TNFr1 expression on monocyte subpopulations in resistance‐trained men.
Probiotics and dietary counselling targeting maternal dietary fat intake modifies breast milk fatty acids and cytokines$$$ PURPOSE: Breast milk fatty acids possess immunomodulatory properties, and new intervention strategies beyond supplementation of maternal diet with single oils are called for. The objective of the present study was to evaluate the effect of dietary intervention during pregnancy and breastfeeding on breast milk fatty acid and cytokine composition. METHODS: Pregnant women were randomised into three study groups: dietary intervention with probiotics (diet/probiotic) or with placebo (diet/placebo) and a control group (control/placebo). Dietary intervention included dietary counselling and provision of rapeseed oil‐based food products. The probiotics used were Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG and Bifidobacterium lactis Bb12 in combination. Dietary intake was evaluated by food records at every trimester of pregnancy and 1 month postpartum. Breast milk samples were collected after birth (colostrum) and 1 month after delivery for fatty acid and cytokine analysis (n = 125). RESULTS: Dietary intervention improved the quality of fat in the diet. In breast milk, the proportion of α‐linolenic acid and total n‐3 fatty acids was higher in both dietary intervention groups compared with control group (p < 0.05). In the diet/probiotic group, the γ‐linolenic acid content was higher compared with the diet/placebo group (p < 0.05). The concentrations of TNF‐α, IL‐10, IL‐4 and IL‐2 were higher in both dietary intervention groups compared with controls, and furthermore, long‐chain n‐3 fatty acids were associated with several cytokines in colostrum samples. CONCLUSION: The present intervention demonstrated the possibility of modifying breast milk immunomodulatory factors by dietary means.
Efficacy and safety of imiquimod 5% cream in the treatment of superficial basal cell carcinoma. Abstract P5-20 The 12th Congress of the European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology. Barcelona, Spain 15-18th October 2003$$$ Background Imiquimod is an immune response modifier and a TLR (toll like receptor) agonist that up‐regulates cytokines and has been shown in clinical studies to be efficacious as a topical treatment for basal cell carcinoma (BCC). Objective To evaluate the efficacy and safety of imiquimod 5% cream at 2 dosing regimens (compared to vehicle) for the treatment of superficial BCC (sBCC). Methods Two randomized, double‐blind, vehicle‐controlled, phase III studies with identical design were conducted. Subjects were to have 1 histologically confimled sBCC tumour with a minimum area of 0.5 cm² and maximum diameter of 2.0 cm. Subjects were randomized to either imiquimod or vehicle dosing 5 or 7 times per week for 6 weeks. Both composite {histological and clinical) and histological only response rates were evaluated. Safety assessments included clinical lab tests and evaluation of adverse events and local skin reactions. Data from these 2 studies were pooled. Results (Pooled data) A total of724 subjects were randomized (39% female$$$ 61% male). The composite complete response rates were 75% and 73% for the 5 and 7 times per week groups, respectively. The Complete histological response rates were 82% and 79% for the 5 and 7 times per week groups, respectively. The differences between the active and vehicle groups were statistically significant. The negative predictive value was 91% and 94% for the 5 and 7 times per week imiquimod groups, respectively. A trend was seen between the complete response rates and severity of erythema, erosion, and scabbing/crusting. The most common adverse event was application site reaction. Conclusions Imiquimod was found to be safe and efficacious for the treatment of sBCC. These studies suggest that once daily 5 times per week dosing is recommended.
Tectum11 peptide in prevention and treatment of radiodermatitis in breast cancer$$$ Purpose or Objective To evaluate efficacy of Tectum11 peptide in prevention and treatment of radiodermatitis in breast cancer patients. Tectum11 activates telomerase activity, stabilizes and may rise the ability of the skin's stem cell to repair DNA damage decreasing apoptosis and minimizing fibrosis activation. Material and Methods This prospective, double‐blind, randomized trial, compares basic moisturizing radiation cream with or without Tectum 11. Early stage breast cancer patients, receiving radiotherapy for the breast but not for the axilla, were eligible (15x267 cGy). Tumour bed boost if needed is performed either with brachytherapy (2x5Gy) or concomitant external beam radiotherapy (15x320 cGy). Randomly assignment 1:1 to moisturizing cream (Arm‐A) vs Tectum 11 cream (Arm‐B), from 1 week before to 1 week after radiation. Acute skin toxicity was evaluated using RTOG toxicity criteria in week 1,2,3 and 4, chronic skin toxicity was evaluated using RTOG for skin and subcutaneous tissue (subc) and Harris adapted scale in months 1, 6 and 12 after the complexion of treatment. For patients boosted with brachytherapy, during procedure at theatre under anaesthesia, a skin biopsy was taken to determine levels of DNA damage (% g‐H2AX foci/cell) and fibrotic lesions (% alphaSMAaSMA/dermis area). Results From 2014 to 2017, we included 68 patients with breast cancer meeting inclusion criteria. 2 patients Arm‐B excluded due to allergy reactions. Arm‐A 34/ Arm‐B 32. Acute toxicity: only ≤ grade II was reported, except 1 grade III toxicity in week 3 Arm‐B. No statistically significant differences were found between Arm‐A and Arm‐B (p=0,89 week1$$$ p=0,79 week2$$$p=0,64 week3$$$ p= 0,42 week4). Chronic toxicity: majority of cases reported ≤ grade II, only 1 grade III subc RTOG toxicity at 6 and 12 months. No statistically significant differences were found between Arm‐A and Arm‐B (p=0,59 skin, p= 0,45 subc, p=0,72 Harris month1$$$ p=0.52 skin, p=0.37 subc, p=0,71 Harris month6$$$ p=0,65 skin, p=0,73 subc, p=0,62 Harris month12).28 patients had tissue analysis (Arm‐A 14/Arm‐B 14). % cell with DNA damage: Low damage (≤5foci/cell) p=0.383, Intermediate damage (6‐10foci/cell) p= 0,407 high damage (>10foci/cell) p= 0,265. % alphaSMA/dermis area showing myofibroblast presence: Mean Arm‐A 0,93$$$ Arm‐B 0,64,p=0.0253. There is a significant correlation between % area aalphaSMA/dermis and number of g‐H2AX–foci/cell, p=0.0472. For this subgroup we did found statistically significant differences in skin, subc and Harris toxicity month1 (p=0,019$$$ p=0.003$$$p=0.003) and skin toxicity Month 12 (p=0,024). Median follow‐up 45 months, diseasefree survival 98,5%, overall survival 98,5%. Conclusion Tectum11 decreases myofibroblast activation, correlated with lower DNA damage. We could not find clinicopathological correlation, probably due to the sample size available and length of Tectum application. Further studies with 3 to 6 months extended therapy should be conducted to address this question.
Cereal processing influences postprandial glucose metabolism as well as the GI effect$$$ OBJECTIVE: Technological processes may influence the release of glucose in starch. The aim of this study was to compare the metabolic response and the kinetics of appearance of exogenous glucose from 2 cereal products consumed at breakfast. METHODS: Twenty‐five healthy men were submitted to a randomized, open, crossover study that was divided into 2 parts: 12 of the 25 subjects were included in the "isotope part," and the 13 other subjects were included in the "glycemic part." On test days, subjects received biscuits (low glycemic index [GI], high slowly available glucose [SAG]) or extruded cereals (medium GI, low SAG) as part of a breakfast similar in terms of caloric and macronutrient content. The postprandial phase lasted 270 minutes. RESULTS: The rate of appearance (RaE) of exogenous glucose was significantly lower after consumption of biscuits in the first part of the morning (90‐150 minutes) than after consumption of extruded cereals (p ≤ 0.05). Conversely, at 210 minutes, it was significantly higher with biscuits (p ≤ 0.01). For the first 2 hours, plasma glucose and insulin were significantly lower after biscuits during the glycemic part. C‐peptide plasma concentrations were significantly lower at 90, 120, and 150 minutes after ingestion of the biscuits (p ≤ 0.05). CONCLUSION: The consumption of biscuits with a high content of slowly digestible starch reduces the appearance rate of glucose in the first part of the morning and prolongs this release in the late phase of the morning (210 minutes). Our results also emphasize that modulation of glucose availability at breakfast is an important factor for metabolic control throughout the morning in healthy subjects due to the lowering of blood glucose and insulin excursions.
Effectiveness of oral electrolyte solutions with different compositions for the treatment of neonatal calves with induced osmotic diarrhea$$$ In a randomized controlled trial, we evaluated the effects of five oral electrolyte solutions (OESs) with different compositions of water, electrolyte, and acid‐base balances of diarrheal neonatal calves. Osmotic diarrhea and dehydration were induced with sucrose in milk, spironolactone, and hydrochlorothiazide for 48 h in thirty 10‐day old Holstein healthy calves with 43.5 ± 3.80 kg BW who were fed with natural milk. They were allocated to five treatment groups (n=6) based on the administered OES (commercial: OES A, B, C, D$$$ and non‐commercial: OES UEL). On the day of treatment, the calves received 6L of OES in two doses apart from milk intakes. Venous blood samples were collected at ‐48h (start of induction), ‐24h, 0h (start of the treatment day), 8h, 16h, 24h, 48h, and 72h. TPP, glucose, D‐lactate, L‐lactate, pH, pCO2, HCO3‐, BE, Na+, K+, Cl‐, SID3, SIG, AG, Atot and percentage change in plasma volume (%PV) were measured or calculated and analyzed by two‐way repeated measures ANOVA. All the calves developed osmotic diarrhea, mild to moderate dehydration, hyponatremia, relative hyperchloremia, and moderate to severe metabolic acidosis. The tested OESs were well accepted by the calves and effective in reversing dehydration, electrolyte imbalances, and metabolic acidosis. OES D did not completely correct hyponatremia, and SEO B caused transient hyperglycemia. It has been concluded that all the tested OESs are safe and effective for the treatment of diarrhea in calves with moderate degrees of dehydration and metabolic acidosis, which indicates that they have proper compositions for this purpose.
Disease-associated antibodies in offspring of mothers with IDDM$$$ We studied 20 infants of mothers with IDDM participating in a pilot study for a dietary intervention trial, testing the hypothesis that avoidance of cow's milk proteins early in life will reduce the risk of subsequent IDDM. The aim was to evaluate the elimination of IDDM‐associated antibodies from the peripheral circulation of the infants, the possible emergence of autoantibodies indicating beta‐cell destruction, and the influence of the dietary intervention and genetic disease susceptibility on the development of these autoantibodies. Transplacentally transferred islet cell antibodies (ICAs) and antibodies to the 65‐kDa isoform of glutamic acid decarboxylase (GAD65As) disappeared from the peripheral circulation of most infants over the first few months of life and in all infants before the age of 9 months. Insulin antibodies were eliminated before the same age in all cases but one. The higher the initial antibody level was, the longer the time required for elimination. Four infants tested positive for insulin autoantibodies (IAAs) on at least one occasion during the first year of life, and 5 out of 16 unaffected subjects (31%) had IAAs at the age of 2 years. One infant became positive for IAA before the age of 6 months, with increasing levels later, seroconverted to positivity for ICAs and GAD65As between 6 and 9 months and presented with clinical IDDM at the age of 14 months. He had the HLA DQB1*0302/x genotype, which predisposes carriers to IDDM, and had been given the casein hydrolysate formula as supplementary milk. There were no significant differences in the levels of various autoantibodies between two groups of subjects defined either on the type of dietary intervention or the degree of genetic susceptibility. The findings indicate that transplacentally transferred antibodies related to IDDM are usually eliminated from the peripheral circulation of infants before 9 months of age and that IDDM‐associated autoantibodies may emerge before the age of 6 months. Our results also illustrate that avoidance of cow's milk proteins over the first 9 months of life does not provide total protection against IDDM.
Bioactive properties and clinical safety of a novel milk protein peptide$$$ BACKGROUND: Milk protein fractions and peptides have been shown to have bioactive properties. This preliminary study examined the potential mechanisms of action and clinical safety of novel milk protein peptide (MP). FINDINGS: A novel MP mixture inhibits the tyrosine kinase activity of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2 (VEGFR2), and insulin receptor (IR) with IC50 of 9.85 μM, 7.7 μM, and 6.18 μM respectively. In vitro, this multi‐kinase inhibitor causes apoptosis in HT‐29 colon cancer cells, and in a C. elegans worm study, showed a weak but significant increase in lifespan. A six week double‐blind, placebo‐controlled study involving 73 healthy volunteers demonstrated that the MP mixture is safe to consume orally. All clinical blood markers remained within normal levels and no clinically significant side effects were reported. There was some evidence of improved insulin sensitivity, neutrophil‐to‐lymphocyte ratio (NLR), and quality of life assessment of role of physical function. CONCLUSIONS: These data in combination with the observed in vitro anti‐cancer properties warrant further clinical studies to investigate this MP mixture as a potential clinical nutrition intervention for improving the quality of life and clinical outcomes in cancer patients. TRIAL REGISTRATION: NCT01412658.
Influence of cow's milk on the absorption and exposure of erlotinib in NSCLC patients$$$ Background: Erlotinib is an oral EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor used in NSCLC. Drug absorption depends largely on its solubility in the stomach and gastrointestinal tract. Potentially, erlotinib ‐as lipophilic drug‐ is ought to dissolve better in a fatty drink such as full cow's milk compared to water. Gastric acid reducing agents like proton pump inhibitors (PPIs) decrease the solubility and thus the uptake of erlotinib. Hence, we hypothesized that administration of cow's milk may be a feasible way to increase erlotinib uptake (both with or without PPI co‐administration). We performed a two‐period randomized cross‐over study to investigate the influence of full cow's milk compared to water on the exposure of erlotinib with and without the PPI esomeprazole in NSCLC patients. Methods: During 24 hours, pharmacokinetic sampling (PK) was performed at days 7 and 14. In the 7 days prior to PK, erlotinib was taken daily with either 250 mL water or full cow's milk. Patients were assigned whether to receive erlotinib with (arm A) or without esomeprazole (40mg qd$$$ arm B) 3 hours prior to erlotinib intake starting 3 days prior to PK. Primary endpoint was change in geometric mean for the area under the curve (AUC0‐24h). A linear mixed model was used to analyze AUCs and maximal concentration (Cmax). Results: Twelve of the 20 patients used erlotinib without a PPI. Erlotinib AUC0‐24h decreased non‐significantly with 5% (95%CI: ‐14 to + 5%$$$ P = 0.3) when administered with milk compared to water in the non‐PPI patients. Also in the 8 patients who did use esomeprazole, erlotinib AUC0‐24h did not differ between intake with water or milk (95%CI: ‐29 to + 40%$$$ P = 1.0). Cmax did not differ in non‐PPI users (P = 0.6) and in PPI users (P = 0.9). However, esomeprazole decreased erlotinib AUC0‐24h with 48% (95%CI: ‐61 to ‐31%$$$ P < 0.001) and Cmax with 55% (95%CI: ‐66 to ‐42%$$$ P < 0.001) in 7 patients who completed both arms. No differences in toxicities were observed. Conclusions: Exposure to erlotinib did not change by erlotinib intake with milk compared to water in both the PPI and non‐PPI patients. Therefore, the combination with milk instead of water is safe and well tolerated. Esomeprazole strongly decreased both erlotinib AUC0‐24h and Cmax, and should be avoided if possible. Clinical trial identification: NTR 6148. Legal entity responsible for the study: Ron H.J. Mathijssen. Funding: Roche. Disclosure: R.H. Mathijssen: Research grant / Funding (institution): Roche$$$ Research grant / Funding (institution), Travel / Accommodation / Expenses: Astellas$$$ Research grant / Funding (institution): Boehringer$$$ Research grant / Funding (institution): Cristal Therapeutics$$$ Honoraria (self), Research grant / Funding (institution): Novartis$$$ Research grant / Funding (institution): Pamgene$$$ Research grant / Funding (institution), Travel / Accommodation / Expenses: Pfizer$$$ Research grant / Funding (institution): Sanofi$$$ Honoraria (self): Servier$$$ Research grant / Funding (institution): Bayer. All other authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
Breast Milk Consumption in Preterm Neonates and Cardiac Shape in Adulthood$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Preterm birth relates to long‐term alterations in cardiac morphology and function. Understanding whether preterm postnatal life is a tractable period of cardiovascular development that can be positively altered by nutrition is relevant to long‐term outcomes. We hypothesized that being fed human breast milk during early postnatal life is beneficial to long‐term cardiac structure and function in preterm‐born individuals compared with infant formulas. METHODS: A total of 926 preterm‐born infants originally took part in a randomized controlled trial of postnatal milk‐feeding regimens between 1982 and 1985 across 5 different UK centers. Preterm‐born individuals were randomly assigned to either breast milk donated by unrelated lactating women or nutrient‐enriched formulas. We followed 102 individuals from this cohort: 30 of whom had been randomized to being fed exclusively human milk and 16 to being fed exclusively formula. As a comparison group, we recruited an additional 102 individuals born term to uncomplicated pregnancies. Cardiac morphology and function were assessed by MRI. RESULTS: Preterm‐born individuals fed exclusively human milk as infants had increased left and right ventricular end‐diastolic volume index (+9.73%, P = .04 and +18.2%, P < .001) and stroke volume index (+9.79%, P = .05 and +22.1%, P = .01) compared with preterm‐born individuals who were exclusively formula fed as infants. CONCLUSIONS: This study provides the first evidence of a beneficial association between breast milk and cardiac morphology and function in adult life in those born preterm and supports promotion of human milk for the care of preterm infants to reduce long‐term cardiovascular risk.
Healthy food availability and marketing in San Francisco small food stores - Differences by SNAP vendor status$$$ Obesity disproportionately affects low‐income communities. Leveraging federal food programs is one potential strategy that can improve the diet‐related health outcomes of low‐income individuals. Stakeholders for the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) have proposed strategies for improving the retailer food environment (e.g. stricter stocking requirements) to improve healthy food access in low‐income neighborhoods. When supermarkets and large super centers are unavailable, redemption of SNAP benefits in small food stores is more common. The availability of healthy food in these small food stores has yet to be quantified. This project aimed to: 1) assess healthy food availability and marketing in small food stores located in low‐income communities in San Francisco, and 2) compare differences by SNAP vendor status. Between May and August 2016, we conducted store audits in 101 randomly selected small grocery stores and convenience stores (i.e. small food stores) in ten low‐income San Francisco neighborhoods. Food availability and marketing were assessed using a store survey developed by the California Department of Public Health Communities of Excellence in Nutrition, Physical, and Obesity Prevention (CX3) program. We estimated differences by SNAP vendor status using Poisson regression and generalized linear models, adjusting for store volume, square footage, and store type. Robust standard errors accounted for clustering of stores by zip code. On average, SNAP vendors carried a greater variety of meat, poultry and fish (9.8 vs. 8.7 types)$$$ fruits and vegetables (26.0 vs. 15.7 types)$$$ and lower variety of dairy products (5.2 vs. 5.8). SNAP vendors had a statistically higher variety of fruits and vegetables compared to non‐SNAP vendors, after multivariate adjustment (P=0.03). Out of 90 points total, the mean overall healthy food and availability (CX3) score among SNAP vendors was 49.5, compared to 38.4 among non‐SNAP vendors. After adjustment for store characteristics, SNAP vendors had a 25% higher CX3 score compared to non‐SNAP vendors (95% CI 13%, 37%). Despite these differences, many SNAP and non‐SNAP vendors failed to score above 50% of the maximum score on individual CX3 metrics. Stores fell short in the following domains: offering sufficiently low prices for produce, having a wide range and good quality of vegetables, having a wide range of healthy foods excluding produce, providing in‐store nutrition information, and limiting marketing of unhealthy foods. In conclusion, our study found higher scores on healthy food availability and marketing for SNAP vendors, compared to non‐SNAP vendors. While this suggests that SNAP‐authorized small food stores provide a healthful food landscape, policies that continue to increase access to healthy foods and limit marketing of unhealthy foods could serve to further bolster the neighborhood food environment for SNAP participants and nonparticipants alike.
Beneficial effects of a Healthy Nordic diet on ambulatory blood pressure in subjects with the metabolic syndrome: a SYSDIET sub study$$$ Introduction: Control of blood pressure (BP) in subjects with metabolic syndrome (MeS) is important for reducing cardiovascular disease. The Nordic diet contains many food items with potential favourable impact on BP e.g. low fat dairy products, fish, wholegrain cereals, vegetables, fruit, berries, and nuts. Aim: To determine if a “healthy Nordic diet” (NORD) influences ambulatory BP in subjects with MeS. Methods: A Nordic multi‐centre, randomized, controlled dietary intervention was conducted in 6 centers of SYSDIET consortium for 18 or 24 weeks. Subjects were randomized to NORD or control diet habitually consumed in Nordic countries. Key food items were provided weekly. Diet compliance was recorded using food diary and FFQ. Subjects were instructed to maintain stable body weight, physical activity level, medicine, and alcohol habits. Of the 167 SYSDIET subjects, 37 were enrolled in the Danish sub study on ambulatory BP performed at 0 and 12 weeks. Results: Systolic and diastolic 24‐h and daytime BP were significantly reduced in the NORD group (P ≤ 0.03), whereas no changes were seen in the Control group (≤ 0.85). These reductions were significantly different between groups for diastolic (P = 0.001) but not for systolic BP (P = 0.114). During nighttime, no BP differences or changes in dipping status occurred. 24‐hour, day‐ and night time heart rate were not significantly altered by the diet. Conclusion: Consumption of a NORD for 12 weeks reduced 24 hours and daytime systolic and diastolic BP. Neither nighttime BP nor dipping status was affected. NORD may possess potential of reducing risk of cardiovascular disease in subjects with MeS.
A Newly Developed Indicator of Overeating Saturated Fat Based on Serum Fatty Acids and Amino Acids and Its Association With Incidence of Type 2 Diabetes: evidence From Two Randomized Controlled Feeding Trials and a Prospective Study$$$ OBJECTIVE: Hyper‐caloric intake of saturated fatty acids (SFAs) is common in modern societies, probably contributing to the epidemic of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). This study conducted two randomized controlled trials (RCTs) for developing a new indicator that can assess the nutritional status and examined its association with incidence of T2DM. METHODS: In RCT 1, healthy participants were randomly assigned into three groups, namely, control group (n = 40), overfeeding group 1 (100 g butter per day, n = 37), and overfeeding group 2 (120 g butter per day, n = 37). In RCT 2, healthy subjects were randomly assigned into two groups, namely, control group (n = 52) and high‐fat group (300‐extra kcal/day from diet that was designed by high‐fat diet, n = 58). In the prospective cohort, 4,057 participants aged 20‐74 years were enrolled and followed up over 5.3 years. Serum profiles of fatty acids and amino acids were measured. RESULTS: In RCT 1, serum fatty acids, including C14:0 and C18:0, increased, whereas C18:2, C20:4, C22:5, and C22:6 decreased$$$ serum amino acids, including tyrosine, alanine, and aminobutyric acid, increased, whereas histidine and glycine decreased (p < 0.05). Among these serum fatty acids and amino acids, changes in C14:0, C20:4, tyrosine, histidine, and glycine were also observed in RCT 2. An indicator was developed based on the five fatty acids and amino acids, namely, C14:0 × tyrosine × 1,000/[C20:4 × (glycine + histidine)], and it significantly identified participants in the intervention group with area under the curve (AUC) (95% CI) being 0.85 (0.77‐0.92). The indicator was significantly associated with incidence of T2DM in the prospective cohort with HRs (95% CIs) from bottom quartile to top quartile being 1,1.21 (0.82‐1.77), 1.60 (1.12‐2.30), 2.04 (1.42‐2.94). CONCLUSION: The newly developed indicator in RCTs can be used in assessing the nutritional status of hypercaloric intake of SFA and predicting the development of T2DM.
Randomized trial of healthy eating pattern in adults with uncontrolled asthma$$$ Rationale Rigorous research on the effect of a healthy eating pattern on asthma control among adults is lacking. We sought to examine the potential efficacy of using Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) as adjunct therapy to standard care for adults with uncontrolled asthma, and to determine whether a full‐scale trial would be warranted. Methods In this pilot randomized controlled trial, we enrolled 90 adults with uncontrolled asthma and low DASH scores (≤6 on a scale of 0‐9), and randomized them to usual care (n=44) or a DASH intervention (n=46) for 6 months. The intervention included 8 group and 3 individual sessions in the first 3 months and phone follow‐ups. The primary outcome was change in Asthma Control Questionnaire (ACQ) scores from baseline to 6 months. We employed a confidence interval (CI) approach to assess the intervention's potential efficacy on asthma outcomes using mixed models, controlling for covariates (baseline outcome measure, DASH scores, age, sex, race/ethnicity, study site, and smoking status). Results Participants (mean [SD] age, 52 [12] years) were 67% female, 43% white, 11% black, 14% Hispanic/Latino, and 31% Asian. Retention was 92% at 6 months. At baseline, they had low DASH scores (2.3 [1.3]) and uncontrolled asthma (Asthma Control Test score, 14.9 [3.7]$$$ score <15, very poor control). Compared with controls, intervention participants achieved a positive outcome on DASH scores (mean [95% CI], intervention, 0.6 [0, 1.1]$$$ control, ‐0.3 [‐0.8, 0.2]$$$ group difference, 0.8 [0.2, 1.5]) and a probably positive outcome on ACQ scores (intervention, ‐0.2 [‐0.5, 0]$$$ control, 0 [‐0.3, 0.3]$$$ group difference, ‐0.2 [‐0.5, 0.1]) at 6 months (Figure). Moreover, the group mean (95% CI) differences in changes in the overall and 4 subdomain scores based on the Mini Asthma Quality of Life Questionnaire consistently favored the intervention over the control group: overall, 0.4 (0.1, 0.8)$$$ symptoms, 0.5 (0, 0.9), environment, 0.4 (‐0.1, 1.0)$$$ emotions, 0.4 (‐0.2, 0.9)$$$ and activities, 0.3 (0, 0.7). The percentage of intervention participants who attained each of the 4 personalized daily dietary goals was as follows: 24% for 7‐10 servings of fruit and vegetables, 31% for 2‐3 servings of low‐fat dairy products, 52% for total fat grams at 27% of estimated caloric needs for weight maintenance, and 57% for ≤2300 milligrams of sodium. Conclusions The DASH intervention appears beneficial for improving diet quality and asthma outcomes in adults with uncontrolled asthma. The findings support the need for a full‐scale efficacy trial. (Figure Presented).
Efficacy of α-lactalbumin and milk protein on weight loss and body composition during energy restriction$$$ Our objective was to examine whether elevated α‐lactalbumin (αlac) protein intake compared to elevated supra sustained milk protein (SSP) and sustained milk protein (SP) intake results into a difference in body weight and body composition over a 6‐month energy‐restriction intervention. Body weight, body composition, resting energy expenditure (REE), satiety and blood‐ and urine‐parameters of 87 subjects (BMI 31 ± 5 kg/m(2) and fat percentage 40 ± 8%) were assessed before and after daily energy intakes of 100, 33, and 67% for 1, 1, and 2 months respectively (periods 1, 2, and 3), with protein intake from meal replacements and 2 months of 67% with ad libitum protein intake additional to the meal replacements (period 4). The diets resulted in 0.8 ± 0.3 g/kg body mass (BM) for SP and significant higher protein intake (24‐h nitrogen) of 1.2 ± 0.3 and 1.0 ± 0.3 g/kgBM for SSP and αlac (P < 0.05). Body weight and fat percentage was decreased in all groups after 6 months (SP ‐7 ± 5 kg and ‐5 ± 3%$$$ SSP ‐6 ± 3 kg and ‐5 ± 3%$$$ αlac ‐6 ± 4 kg and ‐4 ± 4%, P < 0.001$$$ there was no significant group by time difference). Furthermore, sparing of fat‐free mass (FFM) and preservation of REE in function of FFM during weight loss was not significantly different between the αlac‐group and the SSP‐ and SP‐groups. In conclusion, the efficacy of αlac in reduction of body weight and fat mass (FM), and preservation of FFM does not differ from the efficacy of similar daily intakes of milk protein during 6 months of energy restriction.
Efficacy of α-lactalbumin and milk protein on weight loss and body composition during energy restriction$$$ Our objective was to examine whether elevated α‐lactalbumin (αlac) protein intake compared to elevated supra sustained milk protein (SSP) and sustained milk protein (SP) intake results into a difference in body weight and body composition over a 6‐month energy‐restriction intervention. Body weight, body composition, resting energy expenditure (REE), satiety and blood‐ and urine‐parameters of 87 subjects (BMI 31 ± 5 kg/m(2) and fat percentage 40 ± 8%) were assessed before and after daily energy intakes of 100, 33, and 67% for 1, 1, and 2 months respectively (periods 1, 2, and 3), with protein intake from meal replacements and 2 months of 67% with ad libitum protein intake additional to the meal replacements (period 4). The diets resulted in 0.8 ± 0.3 g/kg body mass (BM) for SP and significant higher protein intake (24‐h nitrogen) of 1.2 ± 0.3 and 1.0 ± 0.3 g/kgBM for SSP and αlac (P < 0.05). Body weight and fat percentage was decreased in all groups after 6 months (SP ‐7 ± 5 kg and ‐5 ± 3%$$$ SSP ‐6 ± 3 kg and ‐5 ± 3%$$$ αlac ‐6 ± 4 kg and ‐4 ± 4%, P < 0.001$$$ there was no significant group by time difference). Furthermore, sparing of fat‐free mass (FFM) and preservation of REE in function of FFM during weight loss was not significantly different between the αlac‐group and the SSP‐ and SP‐groups. In conclusion, the efficacy of αlac in reduction of body weight and fat mass (FM), and preservation of FFM does not differ from the efficacy of similar daily intakes of milk protein during 6 months of energy restriction.
"Added lactose" and "added sucrose" cow's milk formulae in nutrition of low birthweight babies$$$ During the manufacture of dried milks for infant feeding the composition of cow's milk may be modified by the addition of extra carbohydrate powder to lower the relative proportions of protein and minerals, and in practice various carbohydrates are used in a largely empirical manner. In other circumstances it is known that the quality of dietary carbohydrate affects intestinal tolerance, deposition of body fat (in rats), and concentrations of plasma lipids (in man). Therefore, in this study the effects of feeding newborn infants on added lactose formula and added sucrose formula have been investigated. 29 low birthweight babies were observed throughout the first 3 months of life. The added carbohydrate achieved a satisfactory composition in terms of mineral and protein concentration of the reconstituted milk, but the "added lactose" group experienced more diarrhoea and a greater degree of metabolic acidosis during the first week of life. The added lactose group was slightly fatter and the plasma triglyceride concentration slightly higher than in the "added sucrose" group. Despite teleological evidence in favour of lactose, we found no objective contraindication to the addition of sucrose to cow's milk in the manufacture of infant feeding formulae. Both milks contained only small quantities of linoleic acid and the polyunsaturated fatty acid content of the plasma and adipose tissue lipids fell to low levels, but no clinical evidence of "essential fatty acid deficiency" was found.
The antihypertensive effect of fermented milk in individuals with prehypertension or borderline hypertension$$$ Fermented milk (FM) with putative antihypertensive effect in humans could be an easy applicable lifestyle intervention against hypertension. The mode of action is supposed to be through active milk peptides, shown to possess in vitro ACE‐inhibitory effect. Blood pressure (BP) reductions upto 23 mm Hg have been reported in spontaneously hypertensive rats fed FM. Results from human studies of the antihypertensive effect are inconsistent. However, many studies suffer from methodological weaknesses, as insufficient blinding and the use of office BP measurements. We conducted a randomised, double‐blind placebo‐controlled study of the antihypertensive effect of Lactobacillus helveticus FM in 94 prehypertensive and borderline hypertensive subjects. The participants were randomised into three treatment groups with a daily intake of 150 ml of FM, 300 ml of FM or placebo (chemically acidified milk). The primary outcome was repeated 24‐h ambulatory BP measurements. There were no statistically significant differences in the outcome between the groups (systolic BP (SBP), P=0.9$$$ diastolic BP (DBP), P=0.2). However, the group receiving 300 ml FM had reduced BP across the 8‐week period in several readings, which could be compatible with a minor antihypertensive effect. Heart rate and lipids remained unchanged between groups. Hence, our study does not support earlier studies measuring office BP‐measurements, reporting antihypertensive effect of FM. Based on straight performed 24‐h ambulatory BP measurements, milk fermented with Lactobacillus helveticus does not posses significant antihypertensive effect.
Glycemic Index of Protinex diabetes care with water and with milk$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Proteine XDiabetes Care with water: 25/ 50 g available carbohydrate providing Proteine XDiabetes Care with water will be given to study participants as test food. GI study will be tested on single seperate day Intervention2: Proteine XDiabetes Care with milk: 25/ 50 g available carbohydrate providing Proteine XDiabetes Care with milk will be given to study participants as test food once on a separate day Control Intervention1: Reference glucose: 25/50g available carbohydrate providing glucose in 250ml water is given as reference food thrice during the study period on separate occasions CONDITION: PRIMARY OUTCOME: Glycemic index,Glycemic Response and GI category of food products.Timepoint: For both intervention and comparator agents capillary blood samples will be collected at ‐5,0 (fasting state) and at 15,30,45,60,90,120 mins from the first sip of test and reference foods. Testing of all foods will be done on separate days. SECONDARY OUTCOME: NILTimepoint: NIL INCLUSION CRITERIA: Age 18 to 45 years BMI greater than equal to 18.5 to less than equal to 22.9 kg/ m2 (as per WHO cut off for normal BMI) Both male and female Willingness to consume the test foods no known food allergy or intolerance$$$ Ã¢â?¬Â¢ no medications known to affect glucose tolerance (excluding oral contraceptives) Ã¢â?¬â?  stable doses of oral contraceptives, acetylsalicylic acid, thyroxin, vitamins and mineral supplements or drugs to treat hypertension or osteoporosis are acceptable.
The effect of Lactobacillus helveticus fermented milk on acute changes in calcium metabolism in postmenopausal women$$$ BACKGROUND: Milk fermented with Lactobacillus helveticus ( L. helveticus) has been shown to lower blood pressure and to increase bone mineral content in spontaneously hypertensive rats. The effect of L.helveticus may be due to better calcium availability. AIM OF THE STUDY: In the present study the effect of milk fermented with L. helveticus on acute changes in calcium metabolism and bone resorption in postmenopausal women was studied. METHODS: The study was performed as a randomised double‐blind crossover study of 20 postmenopausal women (mean age 65, range 50‐78). The study was carried out in two parts. Firstly, L. helveticus fermented milk was compared to a control milk. Secondly, juice containing peptides formed with L. helveticus bacteria was compared to a control juice. The acute effect on calcium metabolism was measured during the study day by serum ionised calcium (iCa), parathyroid hormone (PTH), calcium (Ca), phosphate (P), and urinary calcium. A direct marker of bone turnover, carboxyterminal telopeptide of type I collagen (ICTP), was measured from the serum. RESULTS: L. helveticus fermented milk reduced serum PTH (405.3 +/‐ 37 ng/l vs. 454.9 +/‐ 37, p = 0.012) and increased serum calcium (19.1 +/‐ 0.2 mmol/l vs. 18.8 +/‐ 0.2, p = 0.031) compared to the control milk. L. helveticus derived peptides had no significant acute effect on calcium metabolism, in fact, ionised calcium was lower and PTH higher after the juice containing peptides compared to the control juice. CONCLUSIONS: Fermentation of milk with Lactobacillus helveticus had a positive acute effect on calcium metabolism. This effect was not explained by the small peptides formed by L. helveticus.
The safety on excess intake of the anti-hypertensive beverage (milk-coffee)$$$ We have investigated the safety on excess intake of the milk‐coffee, Which has an anti‐hypertensive effect of chlorogenic acids made by reduced oxidative component, in a randomized, single‐blind, placebo‐controlled, parallel study. Ordinary commercially available canned coffee was used as a control beverage. The subjects were 37 adult women and men (19 in the test beverage group, 18 in the control beverage group) with blood pressures ranging from optimal to mild hypertension, none of who were taking medication. The subjects in the test beverage group were given three cans of the anti‐hypertensive test beverage (570 g) and the subjects in the control beverage group were given the same amount of ordinary canned coffees per day for 4 weeks. The subjects were instructed to consume either the test beverage or the control beverage all at once as often as possible. Although several subjects who drank three cans of test or control beverage all at once complained of abdominal symptoms such as diarrhea and heartburn, there were no significant differences between groups in the number of subjects in each symptom. These symptoms were transitory and not serious. Blood pressure and blood laboratory tests showed no abnormal changes of clinical importance. These results suggest that the anti‐hypertensive milk‐coffee can be safely consumed similar to ordinary canned coffee.
Long-term intervention with Lactobacillus helveticus fermented milk reduces augmentation index in hypertensive subjects$$$ BACKGROUND: The milk casein‐derived biologically active tripeptides, isoleucyl‐prolyl‐proline (Ile‐Pro‐Pro) and valyl‐prolyl‐proline (Val‐Pro‐Pro), have documented antihypertensive effect probably related to reduced angiotensin formation. It has been suggested that these tripeptides may reduce arterial stiffness and improve endothelial function. Our aim was to evaluate whether the milk‐based drink containing Ile‐Pro‐Pro and Val‐Pro‐Pro influence arterial stiffness, measured as augmentation index (AIx), and endothelial function in man. METHODS: In a double‐blind parallel group intervention study, 89 hypertensive subjects received daily peptide milk containing a low dose of tripeptides (5 mg/day) for 12 weeks and a high dose (50 mg/day) for the following 12 weeks, or a placebo milk drink to titrate the dose‐response effect. Arterial stiffness was assessed by pulse wave analysis at the beginning and end of each intervention period. Endothelial function was tested by examining pulse wave reflection response to sublingual nitroglycerin and salbutamol inhalation. Blood pressure was measured by using office and 24‐h ambulatory blood pressure measurement. RESULTS: At the end of the second intervention period, AIx decreased significantly in the peptide group compared with the placebo group (peptide group ‐1.53% (95% confidence interval (CI) ‐2.95 to ‐0.12), placebo group 1.20% (95% CI 0.09‐2.32), P=0.013). No change in endothelial function index was observed (peptide group 0.02 (95% CI ‐0.06 to 0.08), placebo group 0.04 (95% CI ‐0.04 to 0.12), P=0.85). There were no statistically significant differences between the effects of the peptide and placebo treatment on office and 24‐h ambulatory blood pressure. CONCLUSIONS: Long‐term treatment with Lactobacillus helveticus‐fermented milk containing bioactive peptides reduces arterial stiffness expressed as AIx in hypertensive subjects.
Effect of a milk drink supplemented with whey peptides on blood pressure in patients with mild hypertension$$$ BACKGROUND: Inhibition of the angiotensin I‐converting enzyme (ACE) is a widely used principle for the treatment of hypertension. Fermentation of milk proteins was shown to lead to the formation of peptides with ACE‐inhibiting activity. Milk products with ACE‐inhibiting peptides may provide a useful approach to prevent or treat hypertension. AIM OF THE STUDY: To investigate the effect of a milk drink supplemented with whey peptides on blood pressure in mildly hypertensive subjects. METHODS: A randomized, placebo‐controlled, double blind clinical trial in two parallel groups was performed. A total of 54 hypertensive patients received either 125 ml of a milk drink supplemented with whey peptides every morning or a control product for 12 weeks after a run‐in period of 2 weeks. Previous in vitro tests of the whey powder demonstrated ACE‐inhibitory activity. Blood pressure was measured at 0, 2, 4, 8, and 12 weeks. Fasting blood samples were collected at 0, 4, 8, and 12 weeks for analysis of metabolic and inflammatory variables. RESULTS: Resting systolic and diastolic blood pressure values did not change in the milk drink group 144.1 +/‐ 8.6/91.0 +/‐ 5.5 mmHg at baseline vs. 143.7 +/‐ 13.5/90.4 +/‐ 6.5 mmHg after 12 weeks. In the control group systolic (p = 0.0431) and diastolic (p = 0.0081) blood pressure was significantly reduced 140.6 +/‐ 11.7/90.3 +/‐ 5.8 mmHg at baseline vs. 137.0 +/‐ 14.4/87.7 +/‐ 6.6 mmHg after 12 weeks. There was no difference between the two groups at any time point. No changes were seen when the results of the 24‐h continuous blood pressure monitoring were compared after 12 weeks. No significant changes were detected for circulating levels of selected inflammation markers (interleukin (IL)‐6, C‐reactive protein (CRP), number of leukocytes, and plasminogen activator inhibitor‐1 (PAI‐1) as well as for metabolic variables (insulin, plasma glucose, and lipids). CONCLUSIONS: The daily consumption of 125 ml of a milk drink supplemented with whey peptides was not found to reduce blood pressure and/or inflammation markers in mildly hypertensive subjects, although preceding in vitro tests showed a potent ACE‐inhibition.
A placebo-controlled study of the effect of sour milk on blood pressure in hypertensive subjects$$$ A placebo‐controlled study was conducted to test the effect of Calpis (Calpis Food Industry Co, Ltd, Tokyo, Japan) sour milk, i.e., a milk fermented with a starter containing Lactobacillus helveticus and Saccharomyces cerevisiae, on the blood pressure of 30 elderly hypertensive patients, most of whom were taking antihypertensive medication. Subjects were randomly assigned to two groups. One group ingested daily 95 mL of the sour milk for 8 wk, and the other group ingested the same amount of artificially acidified milk as a placebo for 8 wk. In the sour‐milk group, systolic blood pressure decreased significantly 4 and 8 wk after ingestion, by 9.4 +/‐ 3.6 mm Hg (mean+/‐ SE, P < 0.05) and 14.1 +/‐ 3.1 mm Hg (P < 0.01), respectively. The diastolic blood pressure also decreased significantly, by 6.9 +/‐ 2.2 mm Hg (P < 0.01), by 8 wk after ingestion of the sour milk began. No significant changes in blood pressure were observed in the placebo group. The decrease in systolic and diastolic blood pressure in the sour‐milk group tended to be greater than in the placebo group. No marked changes were observed in other indexes, including pulse rate, body weight, and blood serum variables in both groups.
Effect of supplementation of vitamin and the serum and milk of breastfeeding women$$$ INTERVENTION: Dietary supplement G07.203.300.456 The study will be composed of two groups: control group (without supplementation in vitamin E) and supplemented group (with supplementation in vitamin E), where in the latter group two capsules containing 400 IU of RRR‐alpha‐tocopherol will be administered, totaling one supplementation of 800 IU, shortly after Collection 1. The data collection will occur in two moments: Collection 1 between 30 and 60 days postpartum and Collection 2 the day after the first collection, and will occur in the HUOL pediatric clinic, during follow‐up visits to the child's growth and development, and home visit before consent and prior scheduling. The total number of participants will be 66, with 33 mothers in each group. CONDITION: C18.654.521.500.133.841 D03.383.663.283.909 G08.686.523 Vitamin E$$$ Lactation$$$ Deficiency in vitamin E. $$$ C18.654.521.500.133.841 $$$ D03.383.663.283.909 $$$ G08.686.523 PRIMARY OUTCOME: EExpected outcome: Increased alpha‐tocopherol levels in maternal blood and milk following vitamin E supplementation. To determine the expected outcome, the amount of alpha‐tocopherol in blood and breast milk will be assessed before and after supplementation. Statistical tools will be used to compare the two groups studied. Vitamin E supplementation is expected to contribute to the increase of this micronutrient in serum and mature milk of infants, based on the analysis of serum alpha‐tocopherol and breast milk using the High Performance Liquid Chromatography technique (HPLC).$$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: Expected outcome: Maternal factors that may contribute to the increase of vitamin E in supplemented infants. For this finding it is necessary to evaluate the socioeconomic level of the mothers, diet and evaluation of circulating lipoproteins. To verify the expected outcome, statistical tools will be used to verify if such characteristics may influence the effect of vitamin E supplementation. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Women 30 to 60 days postpartum who are in the waiting room of the ambulatory care and breastfeeding their child$$$ residents of Natal, state of Rio Grande do Norte$$$ without diagnosis of diseases such as hypertension, diabetes, neoplasias, cardiopathies, diseases of the gastrointestinal and hepatic tract, syphilis, HIV positive$$$ non‐smokers and who had deliveries with a single concept and without malformation.
Discrepancies between the antihypertensive mode of action of fermented milk in rats and humans$$$ Introduction: The antihypertensive effect of bioactive peptides produced by lactic acid bacteria fermentation of milk receives increasing attention. The suggested mode of action is an ACE‐inhibitor effect demonstrated convincingly in vitro. Especially two tri‐peptides found in fermented milk (FM): Val‐Pro‐Pro and Ile‐Pro‐Pro show strong inhibition of ACE (IC50$$$ 9 and 5 μM). The evidence of the antihypertensive effect in animal studies is persuasive. ACE‐inhibition have been shown in spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR) by injection of angiotensin I (ANGI) in animals fed milk fermented with Lb. Helveticus or ordinary milk. A decreased BP response after the injec‐tion was seen in the SHR fed FM. In human studies, the antihypertensive effect of FM is variable$$$ with reductions in systolic blood pressure (SBP) from 0‐12 mmHg. We investigated the mode of action of Lb Helveticus FM (Cardi04TM) in humans. Methods: We conducted a prospective, randomised, placebo‐controlled, doubleblind study$$$ 94 prehypertensive/borderline hypertensive individuals were randomised in 3 groups: 300 ml or 150 ml Cardi04TM or placebo. Plasma concentrations of renin, ANGI, Angiotensin II (ANGII), aldosterone and ACE‐activity were measured week 0, 1, 4, 8 and 9. Additionally, N‐Acetyl‐Seryl‐Aspartyl‐Lysyl‐ Proline (Ac‐SDKP) was measured, week 0 and 1. This assay is a very sensitive measure of ACE‐inhibition, even better than ANGI/ANGII ratio. Ac‐SDKP is a natural stem‐cell regulator and is normally hydrolysed by ACE, ACE‐inhibition cause a five fold increase of plasma concentration of Ac‐SDKP. Sympathetic activity was evaluated with the measurements of plasma concentrations of norepineprine (NE) in supine position and after 15 min head up tilt$$$ at week 0 and 8. Results: Despite a modest reduction in blood pressure during night‐time in the group receiving 300 ml Cardi04TM mean± SEM (SBP ‐3.2 mmHg ±1.3, DBP‐2.2 mmHg ±0.9) none of the changes in parameters of the RAAS indicated inhibition of ACE (aldosterone$$$ p=0.15, renin$$$ p=0.33, ACE‐Activity$$$ p=0.98, ANGI$$$ p=0.79, ANGII$$$ p=0.39, ANGI/ANGII$$$ p=0.07). Neither Ac‐SDKP concentration increased or differed between groups (p=0.36) In contrast, NE response to tilt table test was blunted compared to baseline after intervention in the group receiving 300 ml FM (‐0.52 nmol/l$$$ p=0.002) Conclusion: The ACE‐inhibition, which is supposed to be the antihypertensive mechanism of FM, is not evident in humans. Our results indicate that FM inhibits the sympathetic nervous system in humans with prehypertension/borderline hypertension, a finding that warrants further attention.
Calcidiol serum levels and blood pressure responses in normotensive patients with dietary goat milk$$$ Background: Calcidiol (25‐hydroxyvitamin D or 25(OH) D) is the active form of vitamin D that can be measured in the blood. Vitamin D functions as a regulator of blood pressure and a vitamin D deficiency is associated with an increased risk of hypertension. Goat’s milk is thought to have anti hypertensive effect. That is likely due to the amount of vitamin D found in goat’s milk, but requires further investigation. This research was conducted to analyze the effect of consuming goat’s milk on blood pressure and its relationship with calcidiol serum in normotensive patients. Materials and Methods: The design of this research was experimental laboratory with randomized pretest‐posttest with a control group using 18 sedentary women aged 18‐19 years. The treatment was 250 ml/day of goat’s milk given in the morning after breakfast for 110 days. The data were analyzed by the statistical t‐test (p<0.05). Results: A significant decrease of systolic blood pressure (p=0.00) and no significant decrease of diastolic blood pressure (p=0.51) were observed in the trial group. Levels of calcidiol serum did not increase significantly (p=0.06) after consuming goat’s milk in the trial group. Conclusion: It can be concluded that goat’s milk can decrease blood pressure but does not affect calcidiol serum in normotensive patients. Further research is needed to determine the effect of goat’s milk on blood pressure in hypertensive patients.
Pharmacokinetics, biodistribution, and dosimetry of specific and control radiolabeled monoclonal antibodies in patients with primary head and neck squamous cell carcinoma$$$ The pharmacokinetics, biodistribution, and dosimetry of an IgG1 radiolabeled anti‐mucin mAb (HMFG1) and an isotype‐matched control (4D513) were studied in 29 patients with primary head and neck squamous cell carcinoma. Patients were given injections at 3 fixed time points prior to surgery, i.e., 24 (n = 12), 48 (n = 9), or 72 (n = 8) h. They were subsequently classified into two groups based on their immunohistochemical positivity for polymorphic epithelial mucin. Fourteen patients (48%) were positive, 5 of which were studied with both antibodies$$$ and 15 patients were negative (52%), 7 of which were studied with both antibodies. There was no significant difference in serum pharmacokinetics and cumulative urinary clearance of the two antibodies. There was no significant difference in overall normal tissue uptake of specific and control antibody$$$ however, when each component of the normal tissue category was analyzed individually, there was a significantly increased uptake of HMFG1 in mucosa as compared to control antibody. Immunohistochemical studies revealed positive staining of mucosa with HMFG1. There was significantly increased uptake of specific antibody in antigen‐positive tumors as compared to uptake of control antibody (P < 0.02). A tendency for less label loss over time from positive tumors as compared to control was documented. Absolute antibody uptake and tumor/normal tissue ratios demonstrated significant overlap in individual patients from each category depending on the specific ratio (e.g., tumor/adipose tissue) or time point studied$$$ hence arbitrary cutoff values could not be recommended as indicators of specific uptake. Specificity and localization indices were the most reproducible indicators of specific localization. Areas under the curve were calculated for all tissues, and local dosimetry for the two beta‐emitting isotopes 131I and 90Y is presented. The Deq values for antigen‐positive tumors were 2.9 cGy/mCi for 131I and 9.0 cGy/mCi injected for 90Y. For antigen‐negative tumors these values were significantly lower at 0.83 and 2.4 cGy/mCi of 131I and 90Y, respectively. Bone marrow Deq was calculated to be 0.87 cGy/mCi of 131I‐HMFG1 injected. Because the purpose of our ongoing research is to assess the therapeutic potential of the combination of radiolabeled antibody and external radiotherapy, detailed dose calculation to local dose‐limiting tissues is required. Deq to mucosa was calculated to be 1.1 and 3.8 cGy/mCi of injected 131I and 90Y, respectively. We conclude that a 9‐10‐Gy dose increment may be achieved in two administrations of 150 mCi of 131I‐HMFG1 during a course of external radiotherapy. This may lead to improved control of local disease in patients with head and neck cancer.
Urinary excretion of sex steroid hormone metabolites after consumption of cow milk: a randomized crossover intervention trial$$$ Background: Current cow milk production practices introduce considerable levels of pregnancy hormones into the milk. Humans are exposed to these hormones when cow milk is consumed, and this may explain the observed association between cow milk consumption and several hormone‐sensitive cancers. Objectives: The aim of the study was to evaluate whether cow milk consumption is associated with an increase in urinary excretion of sex steroid hormones and their metabolites in humans. Methods: We conducted a randomized crossover intervention feeding experiment. A total of 109 postmenopausal women consumed 1 L of semiskimmed milk (1.5% fat) per day for 4 d and 1 L of whole milk (3.5% fat) per day for 4 d, intersected by 4‐d wash‐out periods. Sex steroid hormone levels were measured in 24‐h urine samples collected at the end of each intervention and wash‐out period. Results: Estrogens, androgens, and progesterone were detected in the examined milk samples used for our intervention. Although a very high proportion of the estrogens were conjugated, only small proportions of the androgens and progesterone were conjugated. Milk consumption resulted in a significant increase in urinary estrone (E1) excretion, whereas estradiol (E2), estriol (E3), and 16ketoE2 excretion only increased after semiskimmed milk consumption. Urinary pregnanediol glucuronide excretion was not significantly affected. Conclusion: Cow milk consumption increases urinary excretion of E1 in humans. Ingestion of semiskimmed milk appears also to raise E2, E3, and 16ketoE2 excretion, but future studies need to confirm these associations. This trial was registered at https://www.drks.de as DRKS00003377.
Genetically proxied milk consumption and risk of colorectal, bladder, breast, and prostate cancer: a two-sample Mendelian randomization study$$$ Background: Observational studies have shown that milk consumption is inversely associated with colorectal, bladder, and breast cancer risk, but positively associated with prostate cancer. However, whether the associations reflect causality remains debatable. We investigated the potential causal associations of milk consumption with the risk of colorectal, bladder, breast, and prostate cancer using a genetic variant near the LCT gene as proxy for milk consumption. Methods: We obtained genetic association estimates for cancer from the UK Biobank (n = 367,643 women and men), FinnGen consortium (n = 135,638 women and men), Breast Cancer Association Consortium (n = 228,951 women), and Prostate Cancer Association Group to Investigate Cancer Associated Alterations in the Genome consortium (n = 140,254 men). Milk consumption was proxied by a genetic variant (rs4988235 or rs182549) upstream of the gene encoding lactase, which catalyzes the breakdown of lactose. Results: Genetically proxied milk consumption was associated with a reduced risk of colorectal cancer. The odds ratio (OR) for each additional milk intake increasing allele was 0.95 (95% confidence interval [CI] 0.91–0.99$$$ P = 0.009). There was no overall association of genetically predicted milk consumption with bladder (OR 0.99$$$ 95% CI 0.94–1.05$$$ P = 0.836), breast (OR 1.01$$$ 95% CI 1.00–1.02$$$ P = 0.113), and prostate cancer (OR 1.01$$$ 95% CI 0.99–1.02$$$ P = 0.389), but a positive association with prostate cancer was observed in the FinnGen consortium (OR 1.07$$$ 95% CI 1.01–1.13$$$ P = 0.026). Conclusions: Our findings strengthen the evidence for a protective role of milk consumption on colorectal cancer risk. There was no or limited evidence that milk consumption affects the risk of bladder, breast, and prostate cancer.
Topical idoxuridine for treatment of genital warts in males. A double-blind comparative study of 0.25% and 0.5% cream$$$ Fifty heterosexual male patients with histologically verified genital warts of short duration (less than 3 months) were randomly allocated to treatment with either 0.25% or 0.5% idoxuridine cream. The application of the cream to the warts was performed twice daily for an initial period of 14 days, whereafter patients with partial improvement or no response were retreated in the same way for another period of 14 days. Patients not completely healed after 28 days were regarded as treatment failures and withdrawn from the study. After the initial treatment period of 14 days, 19 of 25 patients (76%) treated with 0.5% idoxuridine cream, and 9 of 25 patients (36%) treated with 0.25% idoxuridine cream were completely healed. This difference is significant (p less than 0.01). The corresponding figures at the second follow‐up examination (28 days after start of the study) were 19 of 25 (76%) and 13 of 25 (52%), respectively. At the last follow‐up examination three months after start of treatment, four patients treated with 0.5% idoxuridine cream and five patients treated with 0.25% idoxuridine cream had a relapse. Thus, the overall rate of complete healing was 15 of 25 (60%) for the patients treated with 0.5% idoxuridine cream and 8 of 25 (32%) for those treated with 0.25% idoxuridine cream. The difference is significant (p less than 0.01). No adverse reactions were observed or reported by the patients.
Efficacy and safety of topical isobutylamido thiazolyl resorcinol (Thiamidol) vs. 4% hydroquinone cream for facial melasma: an evaluator-blinded, randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Melasma can be refractory to treatment, and relapses are frequent. Thiamidol is a new potent tyrosinase inhibitor that has been found effective as a cosmeceutical for the depigmenting of melasma. Objective: This study compared the efficacy and tolerability of topical 0.2% Thiamidol vs. 4% hydroquinone for facial melasma. Methods: Fifty women with facial melasma participated in a randomized, evaluator‐blinded, controlled study from September through November 2020. Patients were randomly assigned to apply a double layer of 0.2% Thiamidol twice a day or 4% hydroquinone cream at bedtime, for 90 days. Both groups received tinted sunscreen (sun protection factor 60, PPD 20). The primary outcome was the change from the baseline Modified Melasma Area Seve:rity Index (mMASI) score. Secondary outcomes were improvements in the patients’ quality of life [Melasma Quality of Life Index (MELASQoL)], colourimetry, and Global Aesthetic Improvement Scale (GAIS) evaluation. Results: One participant, from the hydroquinone group, did not complete the study (unrelated to adverse effects). The mean (SD) age of the participants was 43 (6) years, and 86% were phototypes III–IV. Both groups exhibited a reduction in mMASI, MELASQoL, and colour contrast scores (P < 0.01). The mean [95% confidence interval (CI 95%)] reductions of the mMASI scores were 43% (35–50%) for Thiamidol and 33% (23–42%) for hydroquinone. There was no difference between the groups in the reductions in mMASI, MELASQoL, colourimetric contrast and GAIS scores (P ≥ 0.09). The GAIS analysis resulted in an improvement of 84% (CI: 95% 67–97%) for participants in the Thiamidol group and 74% (CI: 95% 61–93%) for those in the hydroquinone group. There were only mild adverse effects in the Thiamidol group, but allergic contact dermatitis was evidenced in two (8%) participants. Conclusion: The melasma improvement achieved using 0.2% Thiamidol did not differ from that of 4% hydroquinone cream. Thiamidol can be considered a suitable option for melasma patients with poor tolerability or treatment failure with hydroquinone.
Periprostatic nerve block (PNB) alone vs PNB combined with an anaesthetic-myorelaxant agent cream for prostate biopsy: a prospective, randomized double-arm study$$$ OBJECTIVE: To compare the efficacy of periprostatic nerve block (PNB) alone vs PNB combined with the local administration of a 1.5% lidocaine/0.3% nifedipine cream (Antrolin, Bracco, Milan, Italy). PATIENTS AND METHODS: In a prospective, randomized, double‐arm study, 200 patients were randomized to receive PNB alone (group A, 100) or PNB combined with a previous administration of the topical anaesthetic Antrolin (group B, 100). The PNB was applied by infiltrating bilaterally a solution of 5 mL lidocaine 1% and naropine 0.75%. Patients were asked to complete visual analogue scale (VAS) questionnaire (0‐10) to score pain and discomfort during probe insertion (VAS1), PNB (VAS2), cores (VAS3), 30 min after biopsy (VAS4), the evening of the procedure (VAS5), and the day after biopsy (VAS6). RESULTS: Pain during probe insertion in group B was significantly less than in group A (VAS1 0.82 vs 2.9$$$ P < 0.001). Pain during periprostatic infiltration was also lower in group B than group A (VAS2 1.4 vs 3.48$$$ P < 0.001). Pain control was similar during biopsy in the two groups (VAS3 1.28 vs 1.2$$$ P = 0.69). The pain scored at VAS4 was significantly less in group B (0.7 vs 1.86, P < 0.001), as was VAS5 (0.68 vs 1.3, P < 0.001). There was no difference in pain perception the day after biopsy (VAS6, 0.32 vs 0.22, P = 0.14). CONCLUSIONS: Antrolin placed with PNB is better than PNB alone in reducing pain and discomfort during transrectal‐ultrasonography guided prostate biopsy.
Topical prilocaine-lidocaine cream combined with peripheral nerve block improves pain control in prostatic biopsy: results from a prospective randomized trial$$$ OBJECTIVES: To compare pain control results between periprostatic nerve block alone and combined with topical prilocaine‐lidocaine cream as local anesthesia of prostate biopsy. METHODS: Three hundred patients were randomized to receive PNB (group 1), topical anesthesia of the anal ring, anal canal, and anterior rectal wall combined with PNB (group 2) and placebo (group 3). Patients were asked to use scale of 0‐10 to complete a visual analogue scale questionnaire about pain during probe insertion (VAS1), periprostatic infiltration (VAS2), and cores (VAS3). RESULTS: Pain during probe insertion in group 2 was significantly less than in groups 1 and 3 (VAS1, 0.29 vs. 1.46 and 1.48$$$ p<0.0001). Pain during periprostatic infiltration was also reduced in group 2 compared with group 1 (VAS2, 1.06 vs. 2.39$$$ p<0.0001). Pain control was similar during biopsy in the PNB and combined groups (VAS3, 0.43 vs. 0.37$$$ p=0.77) and was superior to group 3 (VAS3, 3.02$$$ p<0.0001). In younger patients (cut off, median age 67 yr) these differences were still significant between groups 1 and 2 (VAS1, 1.95 vs.0.31$$$ p<0.0001 and VAS2, 2.97 vs. 1,15$$$ p<0.0001), but not in older patients (VAS1, 0.91 vs. 0.28$$$ p=0.06$$$ VAS2, 1.52 vs. 0,92$$$ p=0.06). Vagal symptoms were registered in 36 (12%) patients in all groups. Sepsis occurred in one group 1 patient and in one group 2 patient. Rectal bleeding was observed in one group 2 patient. CONCLUSION: Combined prilocaine‐lidocaine cream topically placed with PNB is superior to PNB alone and may be of maximum benefit for younger patients.
Effect of topical tretinoin under occlusion on atypical naevi$$$ Atypical naevi are potential precursors of melanoma and markers of increased melanoma risk. To examine the possibility of chemoprevention of melanoma by retinoids, we studied the effect of topical tretinoin 0.1% (all‐transretinoic acid$$$ vitamin A acid) and tretinoin 0.1% with hydrocortisone on atypical naevi. Thirty patients with atypical naevi were enrolled in a prospective randomized double blind study. For each patient three comparable naevi were selected and randomized to receive tretinoin 0.1% (T), tretinoin 0.1% with hydrocortisone 1% (C) or a placebo cream (P) once a week under Actiderm occlusion for 4 months. Baseline views of the naevi, taken with a videomicroscope (magnification 20 x), were assessed for morphological changes compared with views taken 2 months after the beginning of treatment, 1 week after completion of treatment and 6 months later. After completion of the study all naevi in the T and C groups and six naevi in the P group were removed and evaluated histologically for the presence of atypia. The number of naevi that had changed in colour or size was significantly higher in the T and C groups compared with the placebo group. A size reduction took place in 42.9% (T) and 40.0% (C) of the naevi and the colour changed in 75.0% (T) and 66.7% (C). The effect of treatment, in general subtle, did not differ significantly between groups T and C, but naevi treated with C became significantly less irritated. Histologically, 75.0% of the naevi treated with T and 69.6% of the naevi treated with C were atypical. Therefore, no major change was seen in the clinical aspect of atypical naevi after treatment with tretinoin 0.1% or tretinoin with hydrocortisone 1%, and most of the treated naevi still met the histological criteria for atypia after the treatment period. The current management of follow‐up of atypical naevi and excision when change to melanoma is suspected is therefore still recommended. Nevertheless, some response was seen, which may justify a further exploration of tretinoin and hydrocortisone 1% therapy for a longer treatment period in combination with research to clarify its mechanism.
Long-term topical oestrogen treatment of sun-exposed facial skin in post-menopausal women does not improve facial wrinkles or skin elasticity, but induces matrix metalloproteinase-1 expression$$$ It is controversial whether treatment with oestrogen stimulates collagen production or accumulation in sun‐exposed skin. The aim of this study was to determine the effect of long‐term treatment with topical oestrogen on photoaged facial skin, with regard to wrinkle severity, and expression of procollagen and matrix metalloproteinase‐1 enzyme. Two groups of 40 post‐menopausal women applied either 1 g of 1% oestrone or vehicle cream once daily to the face for 24 weeks. Visiometer R1‐R5 values (skin wrinkles) and Cutometer values (skin elasticity) were not significantly improved in the oestrone group after 24 weeks of treatment. Type I procollagen immunostaining did not increase in the oestrone group compared with the control group. However, levels of matrix metalloproteinase‐1 mRNA increased robustly (10.3 times) in oestrone‐treated skin compared with vehicle‐treated skin. Thus, treatment with topical oestrogen may be deleterious in ultraviolet‐induced skin ageing, at least in part, through induction of matrix metalloproteinase‐1 (MMP‐1) expression in human skin.
Local anesthesia of the genital mucosa with a lidocaine/prilocaine cream (EMLA) for laser treatment of condylomata acuminata: a placebo-controlled study$$$ The time of onset and duration of local anesthesia of a lidocaine/prilocaine cream (EMLA) applied to the genital mucosa were assessed in a double‐blind study. Eighty women with condylomata on their genital mucosa were randomly allocated to either EMLA (N = 60) or placebo cream (N = 20) between 1‐75 minutes before CO2 laser treatment. The pain was evaluated by the patient on a visual analogue scale. The most effective degree of anesthesia was achieved after 5‐15 minutes' application of EMLA. The patients given EMLA, regardless of application time, felt significantly less pain than the patients given placebo. EMLA could provide an alternative to general anesthesia in patients with extensive condylomata on the genital mucosa.
Continuous versus interrupted use of vaginal probiotics plus vaginal clindamycin cream for bacterial vaginosis: a randomized controlled study$$$ Purpose: To compare between continuous and interrupted use of vaginal probiotic after vaginal clindamycin cream for treatment and prevention of recurrence of bacterial vaginosis. Methods: A double‐blinded randomized controlled clinical trial, 273 women were randomly allocated to use clindamycin 2% vaginal cream 5 g at bedtime for 7 days followed after 1 week by continuous probiotics vaginal capsule once daily for 6 weeks (n = 129) or clindamycin 2% vaginal cream 5 g at bedtime for 7 days followed by one probiotic vaginal capsule twice a week for 6 weeks (n = 144). The initial evaluation was at 1 week after cessation of probiotics treatment to estimate the cure rates, the follow‐up visits were at 1, 3, 6, and 9 months from the initial visit. The primary outcome of this study was cure rate$$$ the secondary outcomes were the frequency of recurrence, the presence of vaginal discharge, pH > 4.5, positive whiff test and detection of clue cells. Results: At the initial visit there was no significant difference in cure rate between continuous probiotics group and interrupted probiotics group (87.4 versus 82.5%$$$ p =.81). There was no significant difference between the two groups in the recurrence rate at one, three, six and 9 months follow up visits (p =.16, p =.42, p =.59, p =.66). There was no significant difference between both groups regarding vaginal discharge reduction, pH dropping, the presence of positive whiff test and detection of clue cells at one, three, six and 9 months follow up visits. Except at 9‐month visits, the differences in vaginal discharge reduction and positive whiff test were statically significant. Conclusions: After initial treatment of bacterial vaginosis with vaginal clindamycin cream, the continuous use of vaginal probiotics is equally effective to short repetitive courses in terms of cure rates and prevention of relapse.
Efficacy of the topical anesthetic cream, EMLA, in alleviating both needle insertion and injection pain$$$ To assess the efficacy of the topical anesthetic cream, EMLA, in alleviating the pain produced by infiltration of local anesthetic prior to surgical skin biopsies, a randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled study was performed on 54 patients undergoing 162 excisional biopsies. Both pain induced by needle insertion and pain induced by local injection were significantly diminished after topical application of EMLA cream. However, part of the effect was placebo, because the placebo ointment (Vaseline) also produced significant pain alleviation.
A new topical treatment protocol for oral hairy leukoplakia$$$ OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to present a new topical treatment protocol for oral hairy leukoplakia (OHL), consisting of a 25% podophyllin resin with a 1% penciclovir cream (PP), and to compare this topical treatment protocol's efficacy with that of 2 other topical treatment protocols: a 25% podophyllin resin (P) and a 25% podophyllin resin with a 5% acyclovir cream (PA). STUDY DESIGN: Forty‐two human immunodeficiency virus‐positive patients with 69 OHL lesions were randomly treated using P, PA, or PP (14 patients in each topical treatment protocol). Clinical healing was determined when the white plaque could no longer be seen in the primary location of the lesion. Topical treatment performance was evaluated by clinical healing within each week of topical treatment protocol as well as by the recurrence of the lesion. Statistical survival analysis was performed using a Cox proportional hazards model. RESULTS: Approximately 55% of the patients presented with clinical healing of OHL within 7‐8 weeks of each topical treatment protocol. After the sixth week, the PA treatment protocol presented a faster clinical healing rate of OHL. Recurrence was observed in 3 and 7 OHL lesions treated with P and PP treatment protocols, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: The PP treatment protocol proved to be effective$$$ however, the PA treatment protocol was more effective in the clinical healing rate for OHL than P and PP after the sixth week of treatment, and no recurrent OHL was observed in the PA treatment group.
The use of silicone gel in the treatment of fresh surgical scars: a randomized study$$$ AIM: To evaluate the effectiveness of a silicone gel in treating surgical wounds compared with a control group of the same phenotype and same scar site for which a placebo was advised. METHODS: This was a randomized controlled trial, carried out in a dermatology department of a university hospital. In total, we studied 110 patients (55 men, 55 women) who had undergone outpatient surgery at the Department of Dermatology, University of Florence, between May and July 2005. The patients were divided into two groups: a treatment group (group A) and a control group (group B). Subjects (n = 65) in group A were prescribed silicone gel to be applied to the wound twice a day for 60 days after the removal of stitches. Subjects (n = 45) in group B were prescribed the use of zinc oxide cream. All subjects, in both study and control groups, were examined by the same dermatologists every month for 3 months after surgery, then every 2 months for a total follow‐up of 8 months from the date of surgery. RESULTS: In the treatment group, only 18 patients (27%) had formation of a nonphysiological scar: diastasic scar in 10 patients (15%), hypertrophic scar in 6 (9%) and atrophic scar in 2 (3%). No keloid scars were recorded. In the control group, 25 (55%) had an altered scar: keloid scars in 5 patients (11%), hypertrophic scar in 10 (22%), diastasic scar in 8 (18%) and atrophic scar in 2 (4%). CONCLUSIONS: The results of this study indicate that silicone gel is able to reduce the formation of keloid and hypertrophic scars and the signs/symptoms associated with the healing process (paraesthesia, pulling sensation, alterations in colour).
Treatment of human papillomavirus infection of the uterine cervix with gel interferon$$$ Treatment of uterine cervix infection caused by human papillomavirus still is an enigma. Some drugs have been tested with cure rates between 60 to 70%. Most of such agents are substances which produce a strong epithelial desquamation and have shown strictly toxic side effects. The use of interferon in this infection has been studied, but different authors disagree in their therapeutic findings. A randomized, double blind trial was conducted to compare interferon to placebo. Preliminary results are presented in this article. 47 patients were followed so far. 18 of them were evaluated and the results are shown in this article.
Randomized, paired comparison of No-Sting Barrier Film versus sorbolene cream (10% glycerine) skin care during postmastectomy irradiation$$$ PURPOSE: Postmastectomy irradiation provides an excellent model for irradiated skin care practices because of the relatively uniform surface and radiation compared with other situations in which radiation‐induced moist desquamation is common. We designed a study to test the effect of prophylactic 3M Cavilon No‐Sting Barrier Film (No‐Sting) on the rates of moist desquamation compared with sorbolene cream (with 10% glycerin). METHODS AND MATERIALS: The irradiated chest wall was divided into medial and lateral halves. Sixty‐one women were randomized to have No‐Sting applied to either the medial or lateral half, with the alternate half treated with sorbolene. RESULTS: For all patients, the skin toxicity, calculated as the area under the curve, mean No‐Sting and sorbolene score was 8.1 vs. 9.2, respectively (p = 0.005, Wilcoxon signed rank test). The total number of weeks of moist desquamation for the 61 patients was 40 vs. 45, equating to a mean of 0.65 week vs. 0.74 week per patient in the No‐Sting and sorbolene‐treated areas, respectively. The rates of moist desquamation were 33% vs. 46% (p = 0.096, McNemar's Exact test). For 58 fully assessable patients (minimum of 7 weekly observations), the area under the curve and rates of moist desquamation were significantly different statistically (p = 0.002 and 0.049, respectively). No statistically significant differences were noted in the pain scores. The pruritus scores were significantly reduced in the No‐Sting area (area under the curve, p = 0.011). CONCLUSION: No‐Sting reduces the duration and frequency of radiation‐induced moist desquamation.
French maritime pine bark extract (pycnogenol) in association with triple combination cream for the treatment of facial melasma in women: a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial$$$ Background: Melasma can be recalcitrant to treatment, and relapses are common. Pycnogenol has been reported to be effective in treating melasma. Objective: To compare the efficacy, safety and tolerability of 75 mg pycnogenol taken orally twice a day vs. a placebo, in association with the triple combination and broad‐spectrum sunscreen for the treatment of facial melasma. Methods: A randomized, double‐blind, parallel, placebo‐controlled study was conducted on 44 women with facial melasma in a single centre from May 2019 through November 2019. Patients with melasma were randomly assigned to orally take 75 mg pycnogenol (PYC) or a placebo (PLAC) twice a day for 60 days. Both groups also received tinted sunscreen [Sun Protection Factor (SPF) 50$$$ Persistent Pigment Darkening (PPD) 17] for daytime use and a topical triple combination at bedtime. The primary outcome was a change from the baseline Modified Melasma Area Severity Index (mMASI) score. Secondary outcomes were improvements in the patients' quality of life (MELASQoL), colorimetric indices and Global Aesthetic Improvement Scale (GAIS). Results: All participants completed the trial. The mean (SD) age of the participants was 39 (7) years, and 91% were phototypes III–IV. Both groups exhibited a reduction in mMASI scores, MELASQoL scores and colour contrast (P < 0.01). The mean (CI 95%) reductions of the mMASI scores were 49% (36–61%) for PYC and 34% (16–47%) for PLAC. The reductions in mMASI scores and colorimetric contrast were superior for the PYC group (P < 0.05). The analysis of GAIS resulted in an improvement of 86% (CI 95%: 68–96%) for the participants in the PYC group and 55% (CI 95%: 32–73%) for those in the PLAC group. There were no adverse effects related to oral treatment. Conclusion: Pycnogenol is well‐tolerated and increases the effectiveness of broad‐spectrum sunscreen and the triple combination in the treatment of facial melasma in women.
Double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, prospective study evaluating the tolerability and effectiveness of imiquimod applied to postsurgical excisions on scar cosmesis$$$ BACKGROUND: It has been reported that topical application of imiquimod 5% cream induces interferon‐alpha, an antifibrotic cytokine. OBJECTIVE: To determine the tolerability and effectiveness on the cosmetic outcome of the application of imiquimod to postsurgical excision sites. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A prospective, double‐blinded, randomized, vehicle‐controlled trial was conducted among 20 patients with two skin lesions clinically diagnosed as melanocytic nevi. Imiquimod 5% cream was applied to one of the sutured surgical wounds starting the night of the excision nightly for a period of 4 weeks. The second sutured excision site was treated with vehicle cream. Scar cosmesis, erythema, pigmentary alterations, induration, tenderness, and pain were assessed using a visual analogue scale 2, 4, and 8 weeks after surgery. RESULTS: Eighteen subjects completed the study, with a total of 36 excision sites$$$ no wound site dehisced, and no signs of infection were noted. Surgical wounds treated with imiquimod had more erythema, pigmentary alterations, and lower cosmesis rated by the investigator compared with wounds treated with placebo, both becoming nonsignificant in further evaluations. For pigmentary alterations, induration, and cosmesis rated by the patients, no statistically significant difference between treatment groups was observed at week 8. CONCLUSION: Treatment of surgical excision‐site wounds with imiquimod was well tolerated and without serious adverse events. Evaluations for cosmesis of placebo‐treated surgical sites were better than imiquimod‐treated sites at week 8, becoming nonsignificant later.
Elimination of high-risk human papillomavirus type HPV16 infection by 'Praneem' polyherbal tablet in women with early cervical intraepithelial lesions$$$ PURPOSE: 'Praneem', a polyherbal formulation developed by us, has successfully completed Phase II efficacy study for treatment of abnormal vaginal discharge due to reproductive tract infections that act as co‐factors for HPV persistence. In the present study we evaluated potential anti‐HPV activity of Praneem in women infected with high risk HPV type 16. METHODS: Twenty women molecularly diagnosed positive for HPV16 infection without or with low grade squamous intraepithelial lesion (LSIL) or inflammation were assigned to receive intra‐vaginal, topical application of either Praneem tablet or placebo for 30 days excluding the days of menstrual period and were evaluated for persistence of HPV infection using HPV L1 consensus and HPV type 16‐specific PCR as primary outcome. RESULTS: One course of Praneem treatment resulted in elimination of HPV in 6 out of 10 (60%) cases. A repeat treatment of four patients with persisting HPV infection resulted in clearance of HPV in two additional cases resulting in an overall 80% clearance of HPV 16 as against a spontaneous clearance of 10% (1/10) seen in the placebo arm. The elimination of HPV DNA was found to be accompanied by marked improvement in clinical symptoms and cytological abnormalities of Praneem‐treated patients. CONCLUSION: Our results showed for the first time that a 30‐day intra‐vaginal application of the Praneem can result in elimination of HPV infection from the uterine cervix.
A Randomized, Double-Blind Comparison Study of Royal Jelly to Augment Vascular Endothelial Function in Healthy Volunteers$$$ AIMS: Royal jelly, a creamy substance secreted by honeybees, has been reported to have beneficial effects against dyslipidemia and metabolic syndrome. However, the effects of royal jelly on atherogenesis remain unknown. Hence, we prospectively evaluated whether royal jelly augments vascular endothelial function, which can reflect early atherogenesis, in healthy volunteers. METHODS: This was a single‐center, double‐blind, 1:1 randomized placebo‐controlled study conducted from October 2018 to December 2019. A total of 100 healthy volunteers were randomly assigned to receive either royal jelly 690 mg or placebo daily for 4 weeks. The primary endpoint was augmentation in vascular endothelial function as assessed using the change in the reactive hyperemia peripheral arterial tonometry index (RH‐PAT) index, and the secondary endpoints were the changes in liver function and lipid profiles between baseline and 4 weeks after enrollment. RESULTS: The mean age of the participants was 35.0±9.3 years in the placebo group and 36.1±9.1 years in the royal jelly groups$$$ 45% and 50% of the placebo and the royal jelly groups, respectively, were male. The percentage relative change in the RH‐PAT index was significantly higher in the royal jelly group than in the placebo group (21.4%±53.1% vs. 0.05%±40.9%, P=0.037). The percentage relative changes in alanine aminotransferase and γ‐glutamyl transpeptidase were significantly lower in the royal jelly group than in the placebo group (alanine aminotransferase: ‐6.06%±22.2% vs. 11.6%±46.5%, P=0.02$$$ γ‐glutamyl transpeptidase: ‐3.45%±17.8% vs. 4.62%±19.4%, P=0.045). Lipid profiles were not significantly different between the two groups. CONCLUSIONS: Royal jelly might have antiatherogenic property by improving vascular endothelial function. It also augmented liver functions in healthy volunteers.
A Randomized, Double-blind Comparison Study of Royal Jelly to Improve Endothelial Function in Healthy Volunteers$$$ Backgrounds: Royal jelly is a creamy substance secreted by honeybees. It has been reported that royal jelly has benefits on dyslipidemia and metabolic syndrome. However, the effects of royal jelly on atherogenesis remains unknown. We prospectively evaluated the effects of royal jelly on endothelial function, which can reflect early atherogenesis, in healthy volunteers.Methods: This was a single center, double‐blind, 1:1 randomized placebo‐controlled study. One‐hundred healthy volunteers were randomly assigned to receive royal jelly 690 mg daily (equivalent 2040 mg of fresh royal jelly) or placebo from October 2018 and December 2019. Royal jelly or placebo were administered for 28 days. Endothelial function assessed by reactive hyperemia peripheral arterial tonometry (RH‐PAT) and blood chemistries were compared between baseline and 28 days after enrollment. Primary endpoint was the change of RH‐PAT index. Secondary endpoint was the change of liver function and lipid profiles.Results: The mean (SD) age of the participants was 35.0 (9.3) and 36.1 (9.1) years, and male was 45% and 50% in the placebo and the royal jelly group, respectively. The relative change of RH‐PAT index was significantly higher in the royal jelly group compared with placebo control (21.4 ± 53.1% vs. 0.05 ± 40.9%, P = 0.037). The relative change of alanine aminotransferase and γ‐glutamyl transpeptidase were significantly lower in the royal jelly group than the placebo group (alanine aminotransferase: ‐6.06 ± 22.2% vs. 11.6 ± 46.5%, P = 0.02$$$ γ‐glutamyl transpeptidase: ‐3.45 ± 17.8% vs. 4.62 ± 19.4%, P = 0.045). Lipid profiles were not significantly different between two study groups.Conclusions: Royal jelly improved endothelial function assessed by RH‐PAT and liver function in healthy volunteer. It can be expected that royal jelly has anti‐atherogenic property through improving endothelial function.
Estrogen use on complications for women treating pelvic organ prolapse with vaginal pessaries (ESTRO-PESS)-a randomized clinical trial$$$ Introduction: Despite vaginal estrogen use is common practice in pessary users, there is still scant data from high‐level evidence studies that confirm the positive effect of estrogens in the vaginal epithelium, preventing erosions and ulcers. Only one single randomized study with small number of participants, estrogen had no additional effect on pessary‐related complications, and this was a secondary outcome. Objective: To evaluate complications related to the use of vaginal pessary (VP) in women with and without the use of vaginal estrogen after a six‐month follow‐up period. Methods: A parallel, randomized controlled trial recruited symptomatic women (n=98) with pelvic organ prolapse (stage 3/4) from December 2016 to December 2018. Women with previous or current hormone dependent neoplasms were excluded. It was applied baseline, three and six months a questionnaire regarding the presence of vaginal symptoms, physical examination and a vaginal sampling to microbiological analysis. VP was removed and cleaned during a medical appointment every three months. A 5% significance level and a intention‐to‐treat analysis (last observation carried forward for imputation) was used. Results: Twenty women discontinued treatment, mainly due to pessary extrusion (n=15). Baseline characteristics were homogeneous between estrogen and control groups. Estrogen group had lower rates of vaginal discharge (31,5% ‐ 3m, 21.5% ‐ 6m) than the control group (52.5% ‐ 3m, 35% ‐ 6m), as well as vaginal odor (15.7% ‐ 3m, 7.8% ‐ 6m versus 30%‐ 3m and 17.5% ‐ 6m) with no statistical difference. Bacterial vaginosis was more prevalent in the control group according to Nugent (p=0.007) and Amsel (p=0.014) criteria. Urinary urgency (p=0.005), increased urinary frequency (p=0.004), nocturia (p=0.008) and nocturnal enuresis (0.025) reduced in the estrogen group. The number needed to treat for vaginal estrogen to reduce vaginal discharge and vaginal odor after three months use was 5 and 7, respectively. Conclusion: This is the largest randomized study analyzing the effect of estrogen on pessary‐related complications. VP users using vaginal estrogen cream have lower rates of bacterial vaginosis and improved some urinary symptoms.
Enhancement of Photodynamic Therapy for Bowen's Disease Using Plum-Blossom Needling to Augment Drug Delivery$$$ BACKGROUND: Bowen's disease (BD) is treated effectively with 5‐aminolevulinic acid (ALA)‐photodynamic therapy (ALA‐PDT). Plum‐blossom needling (PBN) may enhance topical drug delivery. OBJECTIVE: To compare the effects of and adverse reactions to PBN and ALA‐PDT of BD with those associated with ALA‐PDT alone. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Forty‐three lesions from 24 patients were randomly assigned to 2 groups. The PBN‐ALA‐PDT group underwent vertical skin tapping with PBN before applying 10% ALA cream and narrow‐band light‐emitting diode irradiation (λ = 633 ± 10 nm$$$ 100‐200 J/cm). The ALA‐PDT group received ALA cream and irradiation only. RESULTS: At 6 weeks, the PBN‐ALA‐PDT and ALA‐PDT groups achieved complete response (CR) rates of 77.78% (14/18 lesions) and 40% (7/20 lesions), respectively, (p < .05), and 2/18 and 10/20 lesions, respectively, achieved CRs after further treatment$$$ 2.9 ± 0.8 sessions and 3.4 ± 0.7 sessions, respectively, were required for the lesions to achieve CRs. The PBN‐ALA‐PDT group required fewer treatment sessions and had higher protoporphyrin IX fluorescence levels (p < .05). CONCLUSION: Plum‐blossom needling may improve the efficacy of ALA‐PDT by enhancing ALA delivery for BD treatment.
Topical isotretinoin for photodamaged skin$$$ Photodamaged skin is characterized clinically by coarseness, telangiectasia, wrinkling, discrete hyperpigmented and hypopigmented macules, atrophy, and ultimately the development of neoplasms. Studies on the UVB‐irradiated hairless mouse indicate that topical application of tretinoin or isotretinoin induces structural modifications at the dermal level. Clinical trials indicate that tretinoin improves skin appearance in patients who have photodamage. This double‐blind, vehicle‐controlled clinical trial was conducted to determine whether 36 weeks of treatment with topical isotretinoin improves mildly to moderately photodamaged facial skin. After they gave written informed consent 776 patients were randomly assigned to 36 weeks of treatment with either vehicle cream or isotretinoin cream, applied once nightly. Efficacy was evaluated by means of physician and patient assessment and a blinded analysis of standardized photographs taken before and after treatment. When compared with vehicle, treatment with isotretinoin resulted in statistically significant improvement in overall appearance, fine wrinkling, discrete pigmentation, sallowness, and texture. Isotretinoin cream was well tolerated.
Comparison of topical 3% diclofenac sodium gel and 5% imiquimod cream for the treatment of actinic keratoses$$$ BACKGROUND: There is a wide spectrum of treatments available for actinic keratosis (AK). Topical diclofenac sodium and imiquimod are two topical treatments, which are noninvasive, easily applied, well‐tolerated and effective. AIM: To compare the effects of topical 3% diclofenac sodium plus hyaluranon (DFS) gel, 5% imiquimod (IMQ) cream, and base cream (BC) in patients with AK. METHODS: In total, 61 patients, diagnosed clinically and histopathologically as having AK, were randomized into three treatment groups to receive topical treatment with either DFS (twice daily for 12 weeks), IMQ (twice per week for 16 weeks) or BC (twice daily for 12 weeks). Patients were evaluated clinically at 0, 4, 8, 12, 16, 20 and 24 weeks. Treatment efficacy was assessed by Total Thickness Score (TTS) and Patient Global Improvement Index (PGII). RESULTS: Complete clearance rates for DFS, IMQ and BC at the end of the treatment and at the end of the total follow‐up period were 19.1%, 20% and 0%, and 14.3%, 45% and 0%, respectively. Although the average TTS value of the DFS group at week 24 was significantly higher than that of the IMQ group, the PGII values were not significantly different. CONCLUSIONS: Although DFS and IMQ each had considerable efficacy in the treatment of AK, the efficacy of DFS seemed to decrease after cessation of treatment.
Local anesthesia in transrectal ultrasound-guided prostate biopsy: EMLA cream as a new alternative technique$$$ OBJECTIVES: The aims of the present study were to evaluate the efficacy of eutectic mixture of local anesthetics (EMLA) cream in transrectal‐guided prostate biopsy and to compare its effect with that of other injectable anesthetic procedures. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Eighty male patients with prostate‐specific antigen (PSA) levels > 4 ng/ml or who had prostate nodules on digital rectal examination were randomly divided into four groups. In Group 1 (controls), prostate biopsy was performed after application of a placebo cream. In Group 2, local surface anesthesia with EMLA cream was performed 15 min before biopsy. Periprosthetic nerve blockade was performed with 1% prilocaine and 1% lidocaine in Groups 3 and 4, respectively. Pain was evaluated using a visual analog scale (VAS) after each core biopsy. In addition, blood pressure, heart rate and oxygen saturations were recorded after each biopsy and then at 5‐min intervals for 15 min. RESULTS: Average VAS scores in Groups 1‐4 were 5.5, 2.9, 2.4 and 2.2, respectively. There was a statistically significant difference in VAS scores between the treatment groups and the placebo group (p = 0.000). There were no statistically significant differences in VAS scores between the three treatment groups (p2‐3 = 0.126, p2‐4 = 0.303, p3‐4 = 0.537). We detected no statistically significant differences between the groups based on the hemodynamic data (pMAP = 0.899). Moreover, these measurements did not show statistically significant changes with time in any of the groups (p > 0. 05). CONCLUSION: Intrarectal application of EMLA cream provides equal anesthesia to periprostatic nerve blockade with prilocaine and lidocaine.
Combination of perianal-intrarectal lidocaine-prilocaine cream and periprostatic nerve block for pain control during transrectal ultrasound guided prostate biopsy: a randomized, controlled trial$$$ PURPOSE: To our knowledge the optimal analgesia during prostate biopsy remains undetermined. We tested the efficacy and safety of combined perianal‐intrarectal lidocaine‐prilocaine cream and periprostatic nerve block during transrectal ultrasound guided prostate biopsy. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A total of 280 patients were randomized to receive combined perianal‐intrarectal lidocaine‐prilocaine cream and periprostatic nerve block (group 1), perianal‐intrarectal lidocaine‐prilocaine cream alone (group 2), periprostatic nerve block alone (group 3) or no anesthesia (group 4) before transrectal ultrasound guided prostate biopsy. Pain was evaluated with a 10‐point visual analog scale at subsequent procedural steps, including perianal‐intrarectal substance administration, prostate transrectal ultrasound, periprostatic nerve block and sampling. Complications were assessed by self‐administered questionnaire and telephone interview. RESULTS: The groups were comparable in patient age, prostate volume, pathology results and visual analog scale perianal‐intrarectal substance administration. Visual analog scale results for transrectal ultrasound were lower in groups 1 and 2 vs 3 and 4 (mean 1.5 and 1.41 vs 5.37 and 5.31, p <0.001) and results for periprostatic nerve block were lower in group 1 vs 3 (mean 1.03 vs 3.74, p <0.001). Results for sampling were lower in groups 1 to 3 vs 4 (mean 0.77, 1.27 and 1.27 vs 4.33, p <0.001) and in group 1 vs 2 and 3 (p <0.001). Stratified analysis showed that visual analog scale sampling was lower in group 1 vs 2 and 3 in patients 65 years old or younger, those with a prostate greater than 49 cc and those with lower anorectal compliance (visual analog scale results for perianal‐intrarectal substance administration greater than 2) (p = 0.006, <0.001 and 0.003, respectively). The overall complication rate was similar in all 4 groups (p = 0.87). CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest that the combination of perianal‐intrarectal lidocaine‐prilocaine cream and periprostatic nerve block provides better pain control than the 2 modalities alone during the sampling part of transrectal ultrasound guided prostate biopsy with no increase in the complication rate. The magnitude of this effect is higher in younger men, men with a larger prostate and men with lower anorectal compliance.
A targeted approach to reducing rates of discontinuation and dose reduction in patients receiving sorafenib or regorafenib$$$ BACKGROUND: Sorafenib and regorafenib are oral multikinase inhibitors used to treat some cancers, but adverse events for both drugs are common and often cause patients to discontinue therapy or reduce their dose within several months of initiating therapy. Pharmacists have the potential to prevent discontinuation by closely monitoring and addressing patients' adverse reactions. OBJECTIVE: To assess whether a pharmacist‐initiated tailored intervention reduced patient discontinuations and dose reductions due to adverse reactions form sorafenib and regorafenib. METHODS: We conducted a historically controlled intervention to detect and address adverse events in patients prescribed sorafenib and regorafenib. All patients who initiated therapy after August 2017 were in the intervention group (IG)$$$ at treatment initiation, IG patients received initial pharmacist counseling and a welcome kit containing educational materials, urea based creams, therapeutic socks, and pill container (sorafenib only). During the 90 days after initiating treatment, pharmacists called IG patients six times to conduct assessment questionnaires, designed to detect common adverse reactions at each interval. Pharmacists addressed adverse events by providing additional counseling, referring patients for clinic appointment, or requesting ancillary medications. The comparison group (CG) patients initiated therapy between September 2016 and August 2017. CG patients only received pharmacist counseling at treatment initiation. We collected patient demographics and treatment indication, and compared how many patients discontinued or reduced dose in the IG vs. CG. RESULTS: We assessed 33 patients (16 IG vs. 17 CG). Most were female (61%) and white (88%)$$$ median age 53 years. Common indications were Hepatocellular Carcinoma (36%), Acute Myeloid Leukemia (30%), and Desmoid Tumor (21%). In the 90‐day follow‐up, IG had lower rates of treatment discontinuation (13% vs. 29%) and dose reduction due to side effects (13% vs. 18%) than CG. Combined events of either discontinuation or dose reduction due to side effects were less frequent in the patients in the IG than CG (25% vs. 65%). CONCLUSIONS: After initiating a pharmacist‐led phone intervention, patients treated with sorafenib or regorafenib were less likely to discontinue therapy or reduce doses due to adverse reactions. Findings suggest tailored phone assessments is effective in detecting and treating adverse reactions, thus enabling patients to remain on therapy longer and without dose modification.
Anorectal application of 5% lidocaine cream reduces pain prior to periprostatic nerve block during transrectal ultrasound guided prostate biopsy: randomized, prospective controlled study$$$ Objectives: Trans rectal ultrasound guided prostate biopsy with periprostatic nerve block (PPNB) is performed following probe insertion and manipulation leaving these initial maneuvers uncovered in terms of pain control. We evaluated whether topical analgesia reduces pain during early stages of the procedure. Patients and methods: Seven group prospective, randomized controlled study: groups 1–3: nerve block with 5 ml 1% lidocaine bilaterally plus perianal topical application of 10 ml 5% lidocaine cream. Groups 4–6 as in 1–3 plus digital application of 10 ml 5% lidocaine cream internally on rectal walls. For each approach exposure times were 5 (groups 1 and 4), 10 (groups 2 and 5) and 20 (groups 3 and 6) min, respectively. The control group (7) received PPNB only. Patients filled a 0–10 visual analogue scale (VAS) at five points: after probe insertion, during probe manipulation, following PPNB, after prostate biopsies and a global pain estimation. Results: Two hundred and fifty‐two patients were enrolled. Significant differences in VAS between all study groups and controls were observed at the pre‐biopsy stages of the procedure. In multivariate analysis adjusted for prostate specific antigen, diabetes mellitus status, spinal disease, abnormal digital rectal examination and non‐ benign prostate hyperplasia histology, significance remained for probe insertion and intra‐rectal manipulation. For each exposure time no significant differences were observed between topical application and topical + intra‐rectal application. After PPNB, differences between study and control groups disappeared. Conclusion: Topical anesthesia significantly reduces pain during early stages of prostate biopsy. Perianal application sufficed whereas intra‐rectal application of local anesthetics does not add to pain control. Perianal application for 10 min seems to be optimal.
A randomized, placebo controlled study: EMLA in minor breast surgery$$$ AIM: Patients undergoing excision for breast lumps prefer general anesthesia or local anesthesia plus sedation, because of the fear of pain for local anesthesia alone. The aim of this study is to show the efficacy of an eutectic mixture of local anesthetic lignocaine and prilocaine (EMLA®) in these patients. METHODS: This study has been designed randomized, placebo‐controlled. Forty five patients undergoing excision for breast lumps were divided into three groups. The first group was administered local EMLA cream preoperatively (Group I, N.=15), the second group (Group II, N.=15) had no preoperative preparation and the third group was placebo group (Group III, N.=15). All groups underwent the operation under local anesthesia. Pain during the local anesthesia and three hours after the operation were assessed using the visual analog scale. The amount of local anesthetic used during the operation and the anesthetic need of patients after the operation were assessed. RESULTS: When the three groups were compared, it was found that the intensity of pain in the group with EMLA was considerably lower during and after the operation (P<0.05). The amount of local anesthetic used during the operation was lower (P<0.05) and the need for post‐operative analgesic was also less than the usual (P<0.05). CONCLUSION: Topical EMLA use decreases the pain, provides per‐operative and postoperative patient and physician comfort, improved patient's compliance, and simplifies the surgical procedure. This is the first study demonstrating that a topical anesthetic provides a non‐invasive analgesia during benign breast mass excision.
A randomized control study of the prevention of hyperpigmentation post Q-switched Nd: YAG laser treatment of Hori nevus using topical fucidic acid plus betamethasone valerate cream versus fucidic acid cream$$$ BACKGROUND: Post‐inflammatory hyperpigmentation (PIH) after laser treatment of Hori nevus remains problematic. Prevention and treatment of PIH have limited success. OBJECTIVE: To study the effects on hyperpigmentation using topical antibiotic alone versus combined antibiotic and betamethasone/valerate after 1064 nm Q‐switched Nd:YAG laser treatment of Hori nevus. METHOD: Twenty‐five cases of Hori nevus treated with Q‐switched Nd:YAG laser randomly applied topical fucidic acid (control group) or fucidic acid plus betamethasone/valerate (study group) on assigned cheek immediately post laser for 2 weeks. Pigmentation was measured using the mexameter as melanin index (MI) and erythema index (EI), at baseline, 2nd and 4th weeks. Photographic evaluation and patient global assessment were done at the 4th week. RESULTS: Twenty‐three cases completed the study. No patient developed side effect from either creams. The comparison of M and E‐indexes of the control versus the study group revealed no significant difference. However, there was a uniform increase of M index of the control group compared to the study group. CONCLUSION: Applying topical corticosteroid immediately after laser treatment decreased pigmentation. Although not statistically significant, there was a tendency for lightening. Future studies are needed with more patients, duration of follow‐ups and histological studies to assess pigmentary changes.
Intravaginal Testosterone Improves Sexual Satisfaction and Vaginal Symptoms Associated With Aromatase Inhibitors$$$ Context: Intravaginal testosterone (IVT) is a potential treatment of vulvovaginal atrophy (VVA) associated with aromatase inhibitor (AI) use. Objective: To investigate the effects of IVT on sexual satisfaction, vaginal symptoms, and urinary incontinence (UI) associated with AI use. Design: Double‐blind, randomized, placebo‐controlled trial. Setting: Academic clinical research center. Participants: Postmenopausal women taking an AI with VVA symptoms. Intervention: IVT cream (300 μg per dose) or identical placebo, self‐administered daily for 2 weeks and then thrice weekly for 24 weeks. Main Outcomes and Measures: The primary outcome was the change in the sexual satisfaction score on the Female Sexual Function Index (FSFI). Secondary outcomes included vaginal symptoms and responses to the Profile of Female Sexual Function, the Female Sexual Distress Scale‐Revised (FSDS‐R), and the Questionnaire for UI Diagnosis. Serum sex steroids were measured. Results: A total of 44 women were randomly assigned and 37 provided evaluable data, (mean age 56.4 years, SD 8.8 years). At 26 weeks, the mean between‐group difference in the baseline‐adjusted change in FSFI satisfaction scores was significantly greater for the IVT group than the placebo group (mean difference 0.73 units$$$ 95% CI, 0.02 to 1.43$$$ P = 0.043). IVT cream resulted in significant improvements, compared with placebo, in FSDS‐R scores (P = 0.02), sexual concerns (P < 0.001), sexual responsiveness (P < 0.001), vaginal dryness (P = 0.009), and dyspareunia (P = 0.014). Serum sex steroid levels did not change. Few women had UI symptoms, with no treatment effect. Conclusion: IVT significantly improved sexual satisfaction and reduced dyspareunia in postmenopausal women on AI therapy. The low reporting of UI among women on AI therapy merits further investigation.
Assessment of the effect of phenytoin on cutaneous healing from excision of melanocytic nevi on the face and on the back$$$ BACKGROUND: Topical phenytoin is a powerful skin wounds healing and it may be useful in clinical practice. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of topical phenytoin 0.5%, by comparing it with cream (control) in wounds resulting from excision of two melanocytic nevi in the same patient. Our purpose was also to assess if phenytoin had better therapeutic and cosmetic outcomes when compared with cream (control). METHODS: This study evaluated 100 patients with skin wounds from excision of melanocytic nevi. 50 patients with lesions on the face and 50 patients with lesions on the back, totalizing 200 lesions excised with modified punch. The resulting superficial skin wounds had the same diameter and depth, and second intention healing followed.Patients were followed for 60 days. Student's t‐test, Mann Whitney nonparametric test, analysis of variance, LSD test, Shapiro‐Wilks test and Fisher test were used to analyze the results, depending on the nature of the variables being studied. RESULTS: Phenytoin showed better therapeutic and cosmetic results, by healing faster, with more intense epithelization in wounds in comparison with cream (control). Phenytoin showed a statistically significant difference regarding the following parameters (p < 0.05): wounded area and healing time. Phenytoin application resulted in a smaller area and a shorter healing time. Also the intensity of exudates, bleeding, and the epithelization were more intense in phenytoin‐treated wounds. Regarding the shape and thickness of the scar, injuries treated with phenytoin had round and flat shaped scars in most of the cases. Considering patient's gender and phototype, female patients presented smaller wounds and scar areas$$$ and phototype I had the largest scar areas. Contact eczema was an adverse reaction in 7 injuries located on the back caused by cream (control) and hypoallergenic tape. CONCLUSIONS: Phenytoin showed better therapeutic and cosmetic results compared with cream (control). Phenytoin is a low cost drug, which accelerates skin wounds healing in human patients. Trial registration: ISRCTN96539803.
Fixed combination of tazarotene and betamethasone dipropionate for treatment of psoriasis vulgaris: the result of a phase 3, multicenter, randomized controlled trial$$$ Long‐term use of corticosteroids or local use of tazarotene (TAZ) alone for the treatment of psoriasis cause safety issues and low compliance rates. Combining these two may optimize their efficacy and minimize safety concerns. This study aimed to evaluate the clinical efficacy and safety of a fixed combination of TAZ 0.05% and betamethasone dipropionate 0.05% (BM) for psoriasis vulgaris. A multicenter, randomized, single‐blinded, controlled phase 3 clinical trial was conducted. A total of 600 Chinese subjects with psoriasis vulgaris were randomized (3:1:1) to TAZ/BM cream, TAZ gel or BM cream groups for 6 weeks with an 8‐week follow up. The primary efficacy assessment end‐point was 75% improvement in Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI‐75) at 6 weeks. Secondary outcome assessments included PASI‐90, percentage of PASI decrease and so forth. Safety and treatment‐related adverse events were monitored throughout the study. Our results demonstrated that the TAZ/BM group exhibited statistically significant superiority in PASI‐75 over TAZ (6.74% vs 1.67%) within 2 weeks. After 6 weeks of treatment, PASI‐75 was 44.94% in the TAZ/BM group while 19.17% and 35.00% in the TAZ and BM group, respectively. At the 8‐week follow up, the relapse rate of the TAZ/BM group was significantly lower than the BM group (10.62% vs 29.63%, P = 0.0269) though comparable with the TAZ group (10.00%). The most frequently reported treatment‐related adverse event was mild to moderate level of skin irritation events. TAZ/BM combination has significant advantages over TAZ, including satisfying efficacy, rapid onset and reduced local stimulation. Meanwhile, compared with BM, it has the advantages of longer relief time and reduced clinical relapse rate. The TAZ/BM combination drug provides psoriatic patients an alternative drug with high efficacy and low relapse rate and safety concerns.
Topical treatment of penile condylomata acuminata with podophyllotoxin 0.3% solution, 0.3% cream and 0.15% cream. A comparative open study$$$ The purpose of this comparative open study was to determine the clinical efficacy of 0.3% podophyllotoxin both in 70% ethanolic solution and cream preparations on genital warts. Three parallel trial preparations, 0.3% solution, 0.3% and 0.15% cream, were randomly allocated to 60 circumcised Asian males (mean age 19.5 years), with the diagnosis of genital condyloma. Patients applied the trial preparation twice a day for 3 consecutive days. If total elimination was not achieved with one trial, it was extended to 3 similar cycles, in total of 4 weeks duration. Response was calculated with a response rate formula. After 3 weeks of treatment all the patients in the 0.3% solution group were evaluated as cured, with mild localized erythema and burning sensation. In the 0.3% cream preparation group, 75% of the patients were cured, and the remaining 25% were found to be cured after 4 treatments. In the 0.15% cream preparation group, 70% of the patients were evaluated as completely cured after 4 weeks. Non‐objective, moderate to mild localized adverse symptoms were reported by both the active cream groups. Three of 54 patients (90%) with complete cure showed relapses after 16 weeks. It was concluded that 0.3% podophyllotoxin is more efficacious in ethanolic solution than in cream preparations.
A randomized trial of the off-label use of imiquimod, 5%, cream with vs without tazarotene, 0.1%, gel for the treatment of lentigo maligna, followed by conservative staged excisions$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine if the complete response rates of lentigo maligna (LM) to imiquimod, 5%, cream can be improved by the addition of a topical retinoid. DESIGN: Prospective randomized study of patients treated with imiquimod alone vs imiquimod plus a topical retinoid, followed by conservative staged excisions. SETTING: Mohs surgical clinic in an academic institution. PATIENTS: Ninety patients with biopsy‐confirmed LM. INTERVENTIONS: Ninety patients with 91 LMs were randomized into 2 groups. One group received imiquimod, 5%, cream 5 d/wk for 3 months, while the other group also received tazarotene, 0.1%, gel 2 d/wk for 3 months. Following topical therapy, all patients underwent staged excisions and frozen section analysis with Melan‐A immunostaining to confirm negative margins. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: The presence or absence of residual LM at the time of staged excision. Results: Forty‐six patients with 47 LMs were randomized to receive monotherapy: 42 of 47 LMs reached the intended treatment duration, with 27 complete responses (64%). Forty‐four patients with 44 LMs were randomized to receive combined therapy: 37 of 44 LMs reached the intended treatment duration, with 29 complete responses (78%). This difference did not reach statistical significance (P=.17). There have been no recurrences to date, with a mean follow‐up period of 42 months. CONCLUSIONS: Among patients who received topical imiquimod with vs without tazarotene, 22% (8 of 37) of lesions vs 36% (15 of 42) of lesions showed residual LM on staged excisions. Pretreating LM with imiquimod, 5%, cream may decrease surgical defect sizes$$$ however, total reliance on topical imiquimod as an alternative to surgery may put the patient at increased risk of a local recurrence.
Comparison of 5-fluorouracil and CO2 laser for treatment of vaginal condylomata$$$ Seventy nonpregnant women with extensive condylomata of the vagina were treated either with intravaginal 5‐fluorouracil (5‐FU) cream or the CO2 laser. Treatment results were correlated with the morphologic type of condylomata, ie, papillary acuminata (58 patients), and flat condylomata (12 patients). Ten and 31% of women with Condylomata acuminata had persistent disease within nine months after a single course of 5‐FU and laser therapy, respectively. Total failure rates after a second either 5‐FU or laser treatment were 3.4%. The failure rates for flat condylomata were 50 and 16.6% after 5‐FU and laser treatment, respectively. Recurrences, defined as the development of new disease after a nine‐month disease‐free period were 7.4 and 10% for C acuminata after 5‐FU and laser therapy, respectively. Twenty‐five and 20% of women with flat condylomata treated respectively with 5‐FU and the laser had recurrent disease. Acute urethrovulvar vaginitis occurred in 12.2% of the 5‐FU‐treated group, whereas complications were absent in those treated with the laser. Although the number of patients in each treatment arm was small and the patients were not randomized, intravaginal 5‐FU therapy with protection of the vulva seems more cost effective for C acuminata in nonpregnant women than the laser, which requires general anesthesia. Flat condylomata are best managed by laser therapy. Refractory lesions successfully respond to laser‐5‐FU combination therapy.
Treatment of extensive vulvar condylomata acuminata with topical 5-fluorouracil$$$ Forty‐nine nonpregnant women with extensive condylomata acuminata of the vulva were studied to evaluate the effectiveness of topical 5‐fluorouracil (5‐FU) for treating vulvar condylomata and to compare the results of continuous use with periodic use of the medication. Patients using the continuous regimen were instructed to apply 5% 5‐FU cream to the vulva each night for 6 weeks or until a brisk inflammatory reaction occurred. The periodic regimen consisted of applying 5‐FU cream on 2 consecutive nights per week for 10 week. Thirty‐five patients (71%) responded to 5‐FU treatment (20 complete responses, 41%$$$ 15 partial responses, 30%). Fourteen patients (29%) did not respond. The response rates observed in 19 patients using the continuous regimen (eight complete responses, five partial responses, and six treatment failures) were not significantly different from the response rates obtained in 30 patients with the periodic regimen (12 complete responses, 10 partial responses, and eight treatment failures$$$ P greater than .05, chi‐squared test). The periodic regimen caused fewer side effects than the continuous regimen. I conclude that topical 5‐FU is effective for treatment of vulvar condylomata acuminata and that periodic applications are preferable to continuous applications.
Self-treatment using a 0.5% podophyllotoxin cream of external genital condylomata acuminata in women. A placebo-controlled, double-blind study$$$ In a double‐blind, placebo‐controlled study, self‐treatment with a 0.5% podophyllotoxin cream was evaluated among 60 women afflicted solely with outer vulvoanal warts$$$ 12 women received treatment with placebo cream and 48 women with active substance, administered twice daily in 3‐day cycles once weekly for up to 3 weeks. Patients who were not completely cured after three cycles were classified as treatment failures. Four patients treated with podophyllotoxin cream were excluded: two were considered drop‐outs, another patient was concurrently afflicted with intraanal warts, and a fourth patient refused further therapy with the cream due to the severity of local side effects occurring from the first course of therapy. Of the remaining 44 patients treated with active substance, the primary cure rates were 43%, 66%, and 91% after 1, 2, and 3 treatment cycles, respectively. Within a 3‐month follow‐up period, 6 (14%) patients who were originally considered cured exhibited some degree of either "recurrence" or "reoccurrence". Thus, a complete and permanent cure from podophyllotoxin cream occurred in 38 out of 44 patients (77%). Placebo lacked therapeutic influence. A slight‐to‐moderate tenderness, pain, burning, or all of the above in the treated areas was noted by more than 60% of the women who were treated with the podophyllotoxin cream.
The impact of the use of COL-1492, a nonoxynol-9 vaginal gel, on the presence of cervical human papillomavirus in female sex workers$$$ This study investigated the effectiveness of a nonoxynol‐9 (52.5mg, 3.5%), vaginal gel (Advantage S), in the prevention of human papillomavirus (HPV) infection in female sex workers. We showed by HPV DNA determination in cervico‐vaginal rinses a significant increase in multiple (>1) HPV infection in HIV‐1 seropositive women compared with HIV‐1 seronegative women (OR 4.0, 95% CI 1.3‐11.9). We also demonstrated a significant increase in multiple HPV infections in HIV‐1 seronegative women using nonoxynol‐9 compared with HIV‐1 seronegative women using placebo (OR 3.5 95% CI 1.0‐11.8). We conclude that the use of nonoxynol‐9 did not prevent genital HPV infection and could increase the virus' ability to infect or persist.
Vehicle-controlled, randomized, double-blind study to assess safety and efficacy of imiquimod 5% cream applied once daily 3 days per week in one or two courses of treatment of actinic keratoses on the head$$$ BACKGROUND: Imiquimod has been investigated as a safe and effective therapeutic option for the treatment of actinic keratosis (AK). OBJECTIVES: To evaluate imiquimod vs. vehicle applied three times a week for 4 weeks in one or two courses of treatment for AK on the face or balding scalp. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Patients diagnosed with AK were enrolled in this multicentre, vehicle‐controlled, double‐blind study conducted in Europe. Twenty study centres enrolled a total of 259 patients in this study. Patients applied the study drug for 4 weeks, entered a 4‐week rest period and if they did not have complete clearance, they then entered a second course of treatment. RESULTS: Patients in the imiquimod group had an overall complete clearance rate of 55.0% (71/129) vs. a rate of 2.3% (3/130) for the vehicle group. There was a high rate of agreement between the clinical assessment and histological findings with respect to AK lesion clearance. At both 8‐week post‐treatment visits, the negative predictive value of the investigator assessment was 92.2% for clinical assessments vs. histological results. CONCLUSIONS: A 4‐week course of treatment with three times weekly dosing of imiquimod 5% cream, with a repeated course of treatment for those patients who fail to clear after the first course of treatment, is a safe and effective treatment for AK. The overall complete clearance rate (complete clearance after either course 1 or course 2) is comparable to the 16‐week treatment regimen, while decreasing drug exposure to the patient and decreasing the overall treatment time.
Efficacy of a Coriolus versicolor-Based Vaginal Gel in Women With Human Papillomavirus-Dependent Cervical Lesions: the PALOMA Study$$$ OBJECTIVE: The aim of the study was to evaluate the efficacy of Papilocare, a Coriolus versicolor‐based vaginal gel, in repairing human papillomavirus (HPV)‐related low‐grade cervical lesions. METHODS: The study is a multicenter, open‐label, randomized, parallel‐group, watchful waiting approach‐controlled trial involving 91 HPV‐positive women with low‐grade Pap smear alterations and consistent colposcopy. RESULTS: The percentage of patients with normal Pap smear and concordant colposcopy 3 and 6 months after receiving treatment (78.0% and 84.9%) was significantly higher than without treatment (54.8% and 64.5%), especially in high‐risk HPV patients (79.5% and 87.8% vs 52.0% and 56.0%). At 6‐month visit, overall HPV clearance was achieved by a greater number of patients receiving treatment (59.6%) compared with those without treatment (41.9%), especially high‐risk HPV ones (62.5% vs 40.0%). The cervical re‐epithelization score was significantly higher with treatment (mean = 4.5) than without (mean = 4.1). Compared with baseline, perceived stress decreased in the treatment group (from 21.1 to 19.0) and increased in the control group (from 17.7 to 20.7). A total of 7 possible or probable treatment‐related adverse events were reported, most of them (n = 6) being mild or moderate in severity. CONCLUSIONS: Treatment with Papilocare has demonstrated a better clinical benefit than the conventional watchful waiting approach in clinical practice for total and high‐risk HPV patients in terms of its efficacy to treat HPV‐related cervical lesions and to clear all HPV strains after a single 6‐month period. It has demonstrated an adequate safety and tolerability and confers additional benefits such as higher re‐epithelization, stress reduction, and high treatment adherence.
Tolerability of prostate transrectal biopsies using gel and local anesthetics: results of a randomized clinical trial$$$ PURPOSE: To evaluate the role of intrarectal EMLA, a new topical anesthetic cream, and lidocaine gel as local anesthesia during transrectal prostate biopsy and to observe whether gel temperature can improve pain control. PATIENTS AND METHODS: A series of 210 consecutive patients were randomized. Group 1 (N = 60) underwent intrarectal instillation of EMLA cream, group 2 (N = 50) 2.5% lidocaine gel, group 3 (N = 40) placebo, and group 4 (N = 60) no treatment. Patients in groups 2 and 3 were subdivided into subgroups according to instillation of warm or cooled gel. Pain control was assessed by a 10‐point visual analog scale. RESULTS: The median pain scores were 2.6 in group 1, 3.8 in group 2, 3.9 in group 3, and 3.6 in group 4. In 16 patients (7.6%), the procedure was suspended because of pain: none group 1, 6.0% in group 2, 10% in group 3, and 15% ing group 4. The temperature of the lidocaine gel did not affect tolerability. CONCLUSION: Intrarectal instillation of EMLA cream is a simple, safe, and effective method of local anesthesia during transrectal prostate biopsy, superior to lidocaine gel, placebo, and no treatment.
Effect of a single course of topical 5-fluorouracil (5FU) on basal cell carcinoma (BCC) chemoprevention in older veterans$$$ Basal cell carcinoma (BCC) is the most common skin cancer in the United States, and risk of development increases with advancing age. It is associated with significant morbidity and cost to the US healthcare system, as well as numerous ethical considerations for treatment. For BCC on the face and ears, topical 5‐fluorouracil (5FU) may decrease the need for costly and labor‐intensive surgical treatments within the first year. We sought to further characterize the effect of a single 2‐4 week treatment course of topical 5FU on BCC development in adult veterans using data from the Veterans Affairs Keratinocyte Carcinoma Chemoprevention Trial (VAKCC), a prospective, randomized, double‐blinded, placebo‐controlled, multicenter trial. There was no significant difference in age or other demographic characteristics between the treatment and control groups at randomization. Mean age was 70.7+/‐ 9.2 (43‐91) years in the 5FU group, and 71.5 +/‐ 9.4 (43‐91) years in the control group$$$ 71/932 (7.6%) of participants were above 85 years of age. We found a statistically significant difference in the risk of BCCs in participants over 85 years of age in the topical 5FU cream vs placebo vehicle group (not a prespecified stratum for analysis$$$ 4/31 in the 5FU group vs 16/40 among controls, Fisher's exact test: p=0.016). There was no significant difference in other predictors of BCC. This observation may be due to increased intensity of the intervention, or other biologic or tumor characteristics in these participants. Additional investigations into the therapy, diagnosis, and chemoprevention of BCC in this elderly population should be considered, in light of the morbidity of BCC and of the 5FU treatment to reduce BCC risk.
The Effect of Pain Relieving Intervention During Infiltration among Gamma Knife Surgery Patients for Stereotactic Frame Fixation$$$ PURPOSE: This study aimed to compare the effects of three interventions on pain, blood pressure, and pulse rate during infiltration anesthesia in patients about to undergo gamma knife surgeries. METHODS: The three interventions employed in a university‐affiliated Hospital in J City, South Korea were as follows: EMLA cream plus Vapocoolant spray (Vapocoolant, n=30), EMLA cream plus 10.0% Lidocaine spray (Lidocaine, n=30), and EMLA cream only (EMLA, n=30). The equivalent control‐group pre test ‐ post test study design was used. Pain was assessed subjectively using the numeric rating scale (NRS) and objectively using a Galvanic Skin Response (GSR) tester. NRS scores were assessed after infiltration anesthesia and the GSR was assessed during infiltration anesthesia. Blood pressure and pulse rate were assessed twice: before and after infiltration anesthesia. Data were collected between August 3, 2016 and March 24, 2017. RESULTS: NRS scores after infiltration anesthesia and the GSR during infiltration anesthesia were significantly lower in the Vapocoolant group than in the Lidocaine and EMLA groups (F=13.56, p<.001 and F=14.43, p<.001, respectively). The increase in systolic blood pressure (F=4.77, p=.011) and in pulse rates (F=4.78, p=.011) before and after infiltration anesthesia were significantly smaller in the Vapocoolant group than in the Lidocaine and EMLA groups$$$ however, no significant differences were observed in diastolic blood pressures (F=1.51, p=.227). CONCLUSION: EMLA cream plus Vapocoolant spray was the most effective intervention to relieve pain and to lower increase in systolic blood pressure and pulse rate caused by infiltration anesthesia for stereotactic frame fixation. Thus, application of Vapocoolant spray in addition to EMLA cream is highly recommended as a nursing intervention for patients undergoing gamma knife surgeries.
Randomised controlled trial and economic evaluation of podophyllotoxin solution, podophyllotoxin cream, and podophyllin in the treatment of genital warts$$$ OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the efficacy and cost effectiveness of self applied podophyllotoxin 0.5% solution and podophyllotoxin 0.15% cream, compared to clinic applied 25% podophyllin in the treatment of genital warts over 4 weeks. METHODS: We conducted a randomised controlled trial in 358 immunocompetent men and women with genital warts of 3 months' duration or less. RESULTS: In the principal analysis both podophyllotoxin solution (OR 2.93, 95% CI 1.56 to 5.50) and podophyllotoxin cream (OR 1.97, 95% CI 1.04 to 3.70) were associated with significantly increased odds of remission of all warts compared to podophyllin. We performed two further analyses. When subjects defaulting from follow up were assumed to have been cured odds of remission of all warts were also significantly increased both for podophyllotoxin solution (OR 3.04, 95% CI 1.68 to 5.49) and for podophyllotoxin cream (OR 2.46, 95% CI 1.38 to 4.40). When subjects defaulting from follow up were assumed not to have been cured odds of remission of all warts were significantly increased for podophyllotoxin solution (OR 1.92, 95% CI 1.13 to 3.27), but not for podophyllotoxin cream (OR 1.17, 95% CI 0.69 to 2.00). Local side effects were seen in 24% of subjects, and recurrence of warts within 12 weeks of study entry in 43% of all initially cleared subjects, without statistically significant differences between the treatment groups. Direct, indirect, and total costs were similar across the three treatment groups. Podophyllotoxin solution was the most cost effective treatment, followed by podophyllotoxin cream, with podophyllin treatment being the least cost effective. CONCLUSIONS: Self treatment of anogenital warts with podophyllotoxin showed greater efficacy and cost effectiveness than clinic based treatment with podophyllin.
Oral Polypodium Leucotomos and Ingenol Mebutate gel 0.05% or Colchicine cream 0.5% in the treatment of Solar Queratoses$$$ INTERVENTION: B01.650.940.800.575.912.063.700.666 D03.132.225 divided into two groups: one group will receive Polypodium leucotomus 500mg tablets to be administered every 12 hours for 60 days, and the second equivalent to hydrocellulose tablets (placebo). Patients' forearms will receive: 0.5% colchicine cream, to be used twice daily for 7 days$$$ or mebutate 0.05% gel, administered once daily for 2 days in the proximal half of the forearm and subsequently in the distal half of the same forearm, with the same dosage$$$ or sunscreen application, without any additional topical treatment. For each patient, the study will last 180 days. During this time, participants will be instructed to use broad spectrum sunscreen (UVA and UVB) on the forearms. CONDITION: Actinic keratosis Skin field Cancerization Squamous cell Carcinoma $$$ L57.0 C00‐D48 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Complete clearance rate of the actinic keratoses in the T60, with reduction difference of more than 10% between the groups, done through clinical counts of the AAS, before the beginning and 60 days after the beginning of the treatment. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Adverse effects related to the proposed treatments: incidence of local events and severity through clinical analysis, with difference of 10%, 15 days after the beggining of the treatment. Emergence of non‐melanoma skin tumors, with difference of 10%, through clinical analysis (T0 to T180). Epithelial thickness improvement through histologycal analysis, with difference of 10%, comparing T0 with T60. Improvement of the histological atypia profile (KIN) between treatments through histopathologycal analysis, with difference of 10%, comparing T0 with T60. Partial clearance rate (> 50%) of the QA, made through clinical QA counts, with difference of 10%, before onset and 60 days after initiation of treatment. Reduction of expression of p53 and Ki67 between treatments, with difference of 10%, through immunohistochemical analysis comparedT0 with T60. Reduction of the clinical classification of ASF: Counting and severity scale, with difference of 10%, through clinical analysis, before and 60 days after starting treatment Scale of Antiaging forearms reduction through clinical analysis, with difference of 10%, before and 60 days after starting treatment Tolerability: subjective preference for any of the treatments, with difference of 10%, after 60 days of treatment INCLUSION CRITERIA: Sign the Term of Free and Informed Consent$$$ • Age above 18 years of both sexes$$$ • Present at least three and at most ten lesions clinically compatible with actinic keratosis in each forearm, bilaterally.
Effectiveness of an epidermal growth factor-containing cream on postinflammatory hyperpigmentation after 1064-nm Q-switched neodymium-doped yttrium aluminum garnet laser treatment of acquired bilateral nevus of Ota-like macules (Hori's nevus) in Asians: a split-face, double-blinded, randomized controlled study$$$ Background: Epidermal growth factor (EGF) may promote wound healing and decrease laser‐induced postinflammatory hyperpigmentation (PIH). Objectives: To evaluate the effectiveness of an EGF‐containing cream on PIH, post‐laser erythema, and transepidermal water loss (TEWL) after 1,064‐nm Q‐Switched Nd: YAG laser treatment of Hori's nevus. Methods: This is a split‐face, double‐blinded, randomized, controlled study conducted in 30 subjects with bilateral Hori's nevus. After laser treatment, participants were randomized to apply EGF cream on one facial side and placebo on the other side for 8 weeks. The incidence and intensity of PIH were assessed by photographs and melanin indexes (MIs) ratio at baseline, Week 2, Week 4, and Week 8. Post‐laser erythema and TEWL were measured at baseline, Day 1, Day 3, and Day 7. Side effects and patient satisfaction score were evaluated. Results: The incidence of PIH was 26.7% in EGF group compared to 20% in placebo. The intensity of PIH was 0.057 (0.033–0.086) and 0.045 (0.027–0.076) in EGF and placebo group, respectively. There was no significant difference in both incidence (p = 0.5) and intensity of PIH (p = 0.145). Post‐laser erythema was not statistically different between groups. EGF could alleviate TEWL better than placebo but without statistical significance. Patient satisfaction score was significantly higher in EGF group compared to placebo (p < 0.001). Conclusions: The EGF‐containing cream could not prevent PIH. It may reduce laser‐induced skin barrier damage. Future studies in more subjects are needed.
The protective role of urea-containing cream on sorafenib-associated hand-foot skin reaction in patients with hepatocellular carcinoma$$$ Background and Aims: Sorafenib has recommended as first line treatment in patients with advanced hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) patients. Although sorafenib increase overall survival in patients with HCC, it has many side effects such as fatigue, diarrhea, vomitting, nausea, pruritus, depilation, Hand‐Foot Skin Reaction (HFSR). Among them, HFRS is the most common side effect and it is main reason for dose de‐escalation or discontinuation of sorafenib in patients with HCC. In this study, we aimed that investigate the role of urea cream in preventing the occurrence of HFRS or ameliorating severity of HFRS. Method: Total 288 patients with HCC at 13 hospitals in Korea were randomly assigned from May 2016 to May 2018. Patients were treated with placebo cream and urea cream at the same time as starting the treatment of sorafenib. Patients were followed up for up to 12 weeks. HFSR, score for Hand‐Foot Skin Reaction and Quality of Life (HF‐QoL) questionnaire, and adverse event were assessed at 2, 4, 8, and 12 weeks. Results: After exclusion of 41 patients, 247 patients with 117 patients in placebo control group and 130 patients in urea cream group were analyzed. Urea cream group showed lower cumulative incidence of any grade of HFRS (Log‐rank, p = 0.247) and severe HFRS of 2 or more grade Log‐rank, p = 0.394) without statistical significance. In the incidence by time point, development of severe HFRS of 2 or more grade were significant lower in urea cream group compared to placebo control group (13.8% vs. 23.9%, p = 0.042). Urea cream group showed significant improved score of HF‐QoL questionnaire comparing with placebo control group (11.8 vs. 19.7, p = 0.014) at 12 weeks. There was no significant difference for overall survival (Log‐rank, p = 0.748) between two groups. Tumor response were also not significantly different between two groups, which objective response rate was 6.2% in placebo control group and 6.0% in urea cream group (p = 0.957), and disease control rate was 44.3% in placebo control group and 42.0% in urea cream group (p = 0.741). [Figure presented] Conclusion: Treatment of urea cream showed decreased incidence of severe sorafenib‐induced HFRS at 2 weeks and decreased tendency of development of HFRS in patients with HCC. Therefore, treatment of urea cream might be considered in patient that treated with sorafenib for HCC.
Does gel affect cytology or comfort in the screening papanicolaou smear?$$$ PURPOSE: Current medical training recommends obtaining cervical cytological specimens without the use of lubricating gel. The purpose of this study was to determine whether water‐soluble lubricant gel affects cytologic outcomes in the screening Papanicolaou smear and patient comfort during vaginal speculum examination. METHODS: The study was a randomized controlled trial performed at David Grant US Air Force Medical Center (Travis Air Force Base, CA). Participants were female patients at least 18 years old presenting for an annual Papanicolaou smear. Each patient, blinded to group assignment, consented to two consecutive Papanicolaou smears. The first Papanicolaou smear was performed without gel in all subjects as part of the "standard of care." Thirty control patients underwent a second examination with no gel, and 40 other patients had the second examination with gel. All patients rated the discomfort of each Papanicolaou smear on a numerical pain scale. Main outcome measures were cytologic discrepancies on standard glass slide samples and comfort differences regarding the use of gel lubrication. Fisher's exact test was used to interpret the effect of gel on cytology results. Student's t test was performed to compare the discomfort ratings for the second Papanicolaou smear in the GEL vs. the NO GEL groups. RESULTS: There was no statistically significant difference between the number of inadequate Papanicolaou smears (P = .50) nor in the discomfort level ratings in the GEL vs. the NO GEL groups (P = .69). CONCLUSION: Speculum gel lubrication does not affect cervical cytology during the traditional Papanicolaou smear, nor does it provide significant alteration of patient discomfort.
Dosing with 5% imiquimod cream 3 times per week for the treatment of actinic keratosis: results of two phase 3, randomized, double-blind, parallel-group, vehicle-controlled trials$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of 5% imiquimod cream compared with vehicle in the treatment of actinic keratosis (AK). DESIGN: Two phase 3 randomized, double‐blind, parallel‐group, vehicle‐controlled studies. SETTING: Twenty‐six ambulatory care offices, including dermatologists in private practice or research centers. PATIENTS: Four hundred ninety‐two patients, 18 years and older, with 4 to 8 AK lesions in a 25‐cm(2) treatment area on the face or the balding scalp were randomized$$$ an additional 162 patients underwent screening but were ineligible. INTERVENTIONS: Patients applied 5% imiquimod (Aldara) or vehicle cream to the treatment area once daily, 3 times per week, for 16 weeks, followed by an 8‐week posttreatment period. MAIN OUTCOME MEASUREMENTS: Complete clearance rate (proportion of patients at the 8‐week posttreatment visit with no clinically visible AK lesions in the treatment area), partial clearance rate (proportion of patients at the 8‐week posttreatment visit with a >/=75% reduction in the number of baseline AK lesions in the treatment area), and frequency and severity of adverse events and local skin reactions were measured. RESULTS: Complete and partial clearance rates for imiquimod‐treated patients (48.3% and 64.0%, respectively) were clinically and statistically significantly higher than for vehicle‐treated patients (7.2% and 13.6%, respectively). The median percentage reduction of baseline lesions was 86.6% for the imiquimod‐treated group and 14.3% for the vehicle‐treated group. CONCLUSION: The 5% imiquimod cream dosed 3 times weekly for 16 weeks is safe and effective for the treatment of AK.
Is only perianal anesthesia with lidocaine-prilocaine cream sufficient to decrease the pain during transrectal ultrasound-guided prostate biopsy? A prospective randomized study$$$ AIMS: To determine the optimal place to apply the local anesthetic agent and to investigate the efficacy of lidocaine‐prilocaine cream on the perianal and intrarectal region during prostate biopsy. METHODS: The study included 80 patients. Patients were randomized into four groups: group 1 served as the control group and was administered no anesthesia$$$ group 2 received 5 ml lidocaine‐prilocaine cream perianally$$$ group 3 received 5 ml lidocaine‐prilocaine cream intrarectally, and group 4 received lidocaine‐prilocaine cream perianally and intrarectally. Pain scores during probe insertion, biopsy procedure, and the overall pain score were assessed. Mean pain scores in each group were compared statistically. RESULTS: In group 1, the mean pain score was significantly higher during probe insertion than that during biopsy (p < 0.001). For the mean overall pain scores, there was no significant difference between groups 1 and 3 (p = 0.942), but the results of group 1 were statistically different from groups 2 (p = 0.001) and 4 (p < 0.001). When we compared the biopsy pain scores, there was no significant difference among the groups (p > 0.05). During probe insertion, subjects in groups 2 and 4 reported significantly lower pain scores than the control group (p = 0.002, p = 0.001, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Perianal anesthesia with lidocaine‐prilocaine cream may solely be sufficient to decrease the pain during prostate biopsy.
Perianal and intrarectal anaesthesia for transrectal biopsy of the prostate: a prospective randomized study comparing lidocaine-prilocaine cream and placebo$$$ OBJECTIVES: To assess the effectiveness of perianal and intrarectal lidocaine‐prilocaine cream for prostate biopsy. PATIENTS AND METHODS: In a prospective, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled study, 200 consecutive patients were randomized to receive 5 mL lidocaine‐prilocaine cream or 5 mL placebo peri‐anally and transrectally before transrectal ultrasonography (TRUS)‐guided prostate needle biopsy (mean number of cores, 12). The men were asked to grade the pain when the TRUS probe was inserted and during the biopsy procedure using a 10‐point linear visual analogue pain scale. RESULTS: At probe insertion, men in the anaesthetic group reported a significantly lower mean pain level than men in the placebo group (0.3 vs 1.6, P < 0.001). Men who had anaesthetic also reported less pain during biopsy punctures (1.8 vs 3.2, P < 0.001). Stratifying results by age, younger men (< 67 years) benefited more from anaesthesia during probe insertion (0.9 vs 1.7$$$ P = 0.04) and biopsy (1.8 vs 4.0, P < 0.001) than older men (1.0 vs 1.1, P = 0.7 and 1.9 vs 2.4, P = 0.3, respectively). There were only minor complications, and these were not significantly different between the groups. CONCLUSION: Topical anaesthesia with prilocaine‐lidocaine cream significantly reduced pain at transrectal probe insertion and during the biopsy procedure.
Safety and efficacy of 5% imiquimod cream for the treatment of skin dysplasia in high-risk renal transplant recipients: randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial$$$ Objective: To evaluate the safety and efficacy of 5% imiquimod cream for cutaneous dysplasia in high‐risk renal transplant recipients. Design: A randomized, blinded, placebo‐controlled study comparing treated with control skin. Setting: A specialist organ transplant dermatology clinic. Patients: Twenty‐one high‐risk patients with skin cancer with comparable areas of clinically atypical skin on dorsal hands or forearms. Interventions: Imiquimod or placebo (randomly assigned) applied 3 times a week for 16 weeks to 1 dorsal hand or forearm, with 8 months of follow‐up. At week 16, biopsy samples were collected from preassigned sites in the treatment and control areas and were examined for dysplasia. Main Outcome Measures: The proportion of patients showing reduced numbers of viral and keratotic lesions and reduced histological severity of dysplasia in the treatment vs control areas at week 16, serum creatinine levels, and tumors developing in the study sites. Results: Fourteen patients receiving imiquimod and 6 receiving placebo completed the study. Seven patients using imiquimod (1 taking placebo) had reduced skin atypia, 7 using imiquimod (none taking placebo) had reduced viral warts, and 5 using imiquimod (1 taking placebo) showed less dysplasia histologically. In 1 year, fewer squamous skin tumors arose in imiquimod‐treated skin than in control areas. Renal function was not adversely affected. Conclusions: Topical 5% imiquimod cream seems to be safe on skin areas up to 60 cm2 in renal transplant recipients. It may be effective in reducing cutaneous dysplasia and the frequency of squamous tumors developing in high‐risk patients. Larger studies are required to confirm these results. ©2005 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Treatment of condylomata of the cervix uteri with local administration of lysozyme$$$ 44 patients with cervicitis of viral origin, clearly defined as koilozytotic atypia, were treated during a 14 day course either with an intravaginal cream containing Lysozyme (5%) or placebo. The comparison of the treatments was performed following a randomized double‐blind study design. The evaluation of the study's results at the end of the treatment and after one month demonstrated a significant difference between the healing rates with the active treatment and the placebo (71% vs. 26% P<0.05).
A Randomized, Double-Blind Comparison Study of Royal Jelly to Augment Vascular Endothelial Function in Healthy Volunteers$$$ AIMS: Royal jelly, a creamy substance secreted by honeybees, has been reported to have beneficial effects against dyslipidemia and metabolic syndrome. However, the effects of royal jelly on atherogenesis remain unknown. Hence, we prospectively evaluated whether royal jelly augments vascular endothelial function, which can reflect early atherogenesis, in healthy volunteers. METHODS: This was a single‐center, double‐blind, 1:1 randomized placebo‐controlled study conducted from October 2018 to December 2019. A total of 100 healthy volunteers were randomly assigned to receive either royal jelly 690 mg or placebo daily for 4 weeks. The primary endpoint was augmentation in vascular endothelial function as assessed using the change in the reactive hyperemia peripheral arterial tonometry index (RH‐PAT) index, and the secondary endpoints were the changes in liver function and lipid profiles between baseline and 4 weeks after enrollment. RESULTS: The mean age of the participants was 35.0�9.3 years in the placebo group and 36.1�9.1 years in the royal jelly groups$$$ 45% and 50% of the placebo and the royal jelly groups, respectively, were male. The percentage relative change in the RH‐PAT index was significantly higher in the royal jelly group than in the placebo group (21.4%�53.1% vs. 0.05%�40.9%, P=0.037). The percentage relative changes in alanine aminotransferase and ?‐glutamyl transpeptidase were significantly lower in the royal jelly group than in the placebo group (alanine aminotransferase: ‐6.06%�22.2% vs. 11.6%�46.5%, P=0.02$$$ ?‐glutamyl transpeptidase: ‐3.45%�17.8% vs. 4.62%�19.4%, P=0.045). Lipid profiles were not significantly different between the two groups. CONCLUSIONS: Royal jelly might have antiatherogenic property by improving vascular endothelial function. It also augmented liver functions in healthy volunteers.
A double blind, self-controlled randomized trial of prophylactic topical vitamin K1 cream application for cetuximab-related skin toxicity (VANQUISH trial)$$$ Background: The most frequent adverse reaction due to the anti‐EGFR antibody is skin toxicity. Preclinical studies have shown that Vitamin K1 (VK1) reactivates the EGFR signalling pathway blocked by anti‐EGFR drugs, suggesting that a VK1 cream may reduce anti‐EGFR therapy‐induced skin toxicity. We conducted a multi‐centre, self‐controlled, double blinded randomized phase III trial to evaluate the efficacy of topical application of a prophylactic VK1 cream in cetuximab therapy. Material and Methods: Patients were eligible if they were >20 years of age and had an ECOG PS of 0‐2, an unresectable mCRC with a wild‐type KRAS exon 2 and no prior anti‐EGFR treatment. Each patient applied a VK1‐containing moisturizing cream to either the left or right side of his/her face and a moisturizing cream alone to the other side. The side of the face on which the VK1 cream was applied was determined by the permuted block method. Cream application was continued until day 29, the advent of grade >2 skin toxicity or occurrence of a grade >3 adverse event. Prophylactic use of antibiotics or corticosteroids was not allowed. The primary endpoint was the incidence of grade >2 skin toxicity within 4 weeks, according to the CTCAE v4.0. Secondary endpoints included the incidence of grade >2 skin toxicity according to the MASCC scale and safety of the VK1 cream. Thirty patients were enrolled to allow detection of a 25% reduction in the incidence of grade >2 skin toxicity by VK1‐containing cream compared with moisturizing cream alone, with a one‐sided alpha value of 0.025 and a power of 80%. Results: From December 2013 to March 2015, 33 patients were enrolled, out of which 28 were eligible for efficacy analysis (2 were ineligible and 3 were not evaluated for efficacy). The patients' background was median age, 66 years (48‐87)$$$ male‐to‐female ratio, 21:7$$$ PS 0/1/2, 8/16/4$$$ history of adjuvant chemotherapy, 10 patients (36%)$$$ number of prior regimens 0/1/2/3/4, 8/6/9/2/3. Cetuximab was administered in combination with irinotecan or FOLFIRI (16), with FOLFOX (2), or as monotherapy (10). Protocol treatment was discontinued for 13 patients: in 10 for the appearance of grade 2/3 acneiform eruptions, 1 for disease progression, and 2 due to the refusal of the patients. The compliance rate of cream application was 98.2%. The incidence of grade >2 skin toxicity on the face (CTCAE v4.0) within 4 weeks was 36% (10/28) with both the VK1 cream and the control, with a P‐value of 1.00 by exact McNemar's test. There was no significant difference in the incidence of grade >2 skin toxicity on the face between the two arms, according to the MASCC scale. Conclusion: Topical application of the VK1 cream was not effective in reducing the incidence of cetuximab‐related skin reactions (Clinical trial information: UMIN000010280).
Is imiquimod effective and safe for actinic keratosis?$$$ Imiquimod 5% cream, applied 3 times per week for 12 weeks, is effective for treatment of actinic keratosis. Severe erythema and other local reactions occurred in almost everyone receiving treatment, due to imiquimod's immune system‐modulating effects. The 25 patients in the treatment group tolerated these adverse effects well. Despite these effects, imiquimod can be used as an alternative to traditional cryotherapy for the treatment of actinic keratosis among selected, motivated
Validation of developed iontophoretic device with disposable patches for pain management in clinical settings$$$ INTERVENTION: Control Intervention1: lidocaine iontophoresis with lidocaine EMLA cream: compare the analgesic effectiveness of lidocaine iontophoresis with lidocaine EMLA cream CONDITION: Neoplasm of unspecified behavior of unspecified site PRIMARY OUTCOME: The outcome of the study will help to establish iontophoresis technique as a means of providing dermal anesthesia, which will be non‐invasive, cost‐effective and will have shorter onset time period of drug delivery as compared to the EMLA cream.Timepoint: The onset time taken by EMLA cream to provide therapeutic anesthesia is approximately 45‐60 minutes. So, there is a strong need to reduce this onset time. Hence in the present work, by using iontophoresis technique, lignocaine will be delivered in shorter time (5‐10minutes) thereby reducing the onset time and cost. SECONDARY OUTCOME: It can be extended for the delivery of many more drugs for different usesTimepoint: 1 year INCLUSION CRITERIA: . All patients coming for IV cannulation .18 Year or Older
The appetizing effect of an aperitif in overweight and normal-weight humans$$$ BACKGROUND: Epidemiologic studies have shown alcohol consumption to be inversely as well as positively related to body weight and body fat. Metabolic studies have shown an increase in energy intake as well as compensation after alcohol consumption. OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to assess the effects on energy intake of an aperitif compared with those of a water appetizer and 3 fruit juice appetizers. DESIGN: Fifty‐two men and women aged 20‐45 y with a body mass index (in kg/m2) between 20 and 32 were randomly given 1 MJ (340 mL) alcohol (wine or beer), fat (cream fruit juice), protein (protein fruit juice), carbohydrate (grape juice), or water, or no preload 30 min before an ad libitum lunch consumed from the universal eating monitor. RESULTS: Energy intake (3.5+/‐0.3 MJ compared with 2.7+/‐0.2 MJ, P < 0.001) and eating rate were higher (44+/‐3 g/min compared with 38+/‐3 g/min, P < 0.01), meal duration was longer (14 min compared with 12.0 min, P < 0.01), satiation started to increase later (3.5 min compared with 1.5 min, P < 0.01), and eating was prolonged after maximum satiation (2.5 min compared with 0.6 min, P < 0.01) after an aperitif than after a fat, protein, or carbohydrate appetizer,. Twenty‐four‐hour energy intake was higher on a day that an aperitif was consumed than after water or no preload. CONCLUSION: Twenty‐four‐hour energy intake was elevated with a 1‐MJ aperitif but not with a 1‐MJ liquid carbohydrate, fat, or protein appetizer
Postprandial cytokine concentrations and meal composition in obese and lean women$$$ The aim of this study was to compare the acute effect of (i) meals rich in saturated fat, oleic acid, and alpha‐linolenic acid and (ii) meals rich in starch and fiber on markers of inflammation and oxidative stress in obese and lean women. In a crossover study, 15 abdominally obese women (age, 54 +/‐ 9 years$$$ BMI, 37.3 +/‐ 5.5 kg/m2) and 14 lean women (age, 53 +/‐ 10 years$$$ BMI, 22.9 +/‐ 1.9 kg/m2) consumed meals rich in cream (CR), olive oil (OL), canola oil (CAN), potato (POT), and All‐Bran (BRAN) in random order. Blood samples were collected before and up to 6 h after the meals and plasma interleukin‐6 (IL‐6), IL‐8, tumor necrosis factor‐alpha (TNF‐alpha), lipid peroxides (LPOs), free‐fatty acids (FFAs), insulin, glucose, and cortisol were measured. Plasma IL‐6 decreased significantly 1 h after the meals then increased significantly above baseline at 4h and 6h in obese women and at 6h in lean women. The incremental area under the curve (iAUC) for IL‐6 was significantly (P = 0.02) higher in obese compared with lean women and was significantly lower following the high fiber BRAN meal compared with a POT meal (P = 0.003). Waist circumference (R = 0.491, P = 0.007) and cortisol AUC (R = ‐0.415, P = 0.03) were significant determinants of the magnitude of 6h changes in plasma IL‐6 after the meals. These findings suggest that the postprandial response of plasma IL‐6 concentrations may be influenced by the type of carbohydrate in the meal, central adiposity, and circulating cortisol concentrations in women.
Whey protein lowers systolic blood pressure and Ca-caseinate reduces serum TAG after a high-fat meal in mildly hypertensive adults$$$ Epidemiological studies show an inverse association between dairy consumption and blood pressure (BP) but there are few data on the postprandial effects of milk proteins. This study examined their effects, compared to maltodextrin, on postprandial BP and other CVD risk markers in volunteers with mild and pre‐hypertension over an 8 h period. In this double‐blinded, randomised, cross‐over, controlled study 27 adults ingested a high‐fat, isoenergetic breakfast and lunch with 28 g whey protein, 28 g Ca‐caseinate or 27 g maltodextrin. Whey protein reduced systolic BP compared with Ca‐caseinate (‐15.2 ± 13.6 mmHg) and maltodextrin (‐23.4 ± 10.5 mmHg) up to 5 h post‐ingestion. There was an improvement in arterial stiffness after whey protein compared with maltodextrin (incremental Area Under the Curve‐ iAUC0‐8h: +14.4 ± 6.2%). Despite similar glucose levels after both whey protein and Ca‐caseinate, whey protein induced a higher insulin response than Ca‐caseinate (iAUC0‐8h: +219.5 ± 54.6 pmol/L). Ca‐caseinate induced less suppression of non‐esterified fatty acids than whey protein (iAUC0‐5h: ‐58.9 ± 135.5 μmol/L) and maltodextrin (iAUC0‐5h: ‐106.9 ± 89.4 μmol/L) and induced a smaller postprandial triacylglycerol response than whey protein (iAUC0‐8h: ‐1.68 ± 0.6 mmol/L). Milk proteins co‐ingestion with high‐fat meals may have the potential to maintain or improve CVD risk factors.
Study on nutritional behavior of patients suffering from type 2 diabetes mellitus and changes caused by the participation of a motion intervention$$$ Rationale: In Germany, a lifestyle intervention including dietary counseling plays a prominent therapeutically role for type 2 diabetes. This study examines the nutritional behavior of people suffering from type 2 diabetes and changes caused by participating in a motion intervention without specific dietary control. Methods: The study included 104 type 2 DM patients. At the beginning (MZP1), nutritional habits were identified with the help of RKI's food frequency questionnaire. Subsequently, 80 took part at a motion intervention and 24 were randomized into a “wait‐control‐group” (WCP). A new survey took place after 3 (MZP2) and 6 (MZP3) months. None of the groups received instructions or guidelines regarding nutrition. Results: At MZP1, the dietary composition of the total group deviated distinctively from the consumption recommendations of the DGE (Table 1) in some cases. Throughout the intervention a significant increase of ingestion of side dishes, vegetables and fruits was notable. A significant decrease became obvious regarding cereal products, fast food, milk and meat intake as well as drink consumption. WCP showed no significant difference of the intake of these foods. (Table presented) Conclusion: Despite routinely dietary training, a lot of diabetics follow the DGE recommendations to a limited extend only. The participation in a motion intervention changes the food consumption. Consequently, it seems convenient to offer accompanying dietary training at motion interventions programms for improved behavior modification.
Meal fatty acid composition has a differential effect on postprandial blood pressure in postmenopausal women$$$ Elevated postprandial triacylglycerol concentrations are an important independent risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD) in women(1), but little is known about the effects of meal fat composition on postprandial lipaemia and vascular function in postmenopausal women(2). The Dietary Intervention and Vascular Function (DIVAS‐2) study aimed to investigate the acute consumption of test meals of varying fat composition on postprandial vascular reactivity and associated CVD risk biomarkers in postmenopausal women. In a double‐blind, randomised, cross‐over, postprandial study, 32 postmenopausal women consumed sequential test meals rich in saturated fat (butter), cis‐monounsaturated fat (olive oil and MUFA‐rich spreads) or n‐6 polyunsaturated fat (safflower oil and n‐6 PUFA‐rich spreads) on three separate occasions, each 4‐6 weeks apart. Test meals were coded 1‐3 for blinding and the sequential meals consisted of breakfast (0 min$$$ 50 g total fat) and lunch (330 min$$$ 30 g total fat). Blood pressure (BP) was determined at 0, 240 and 450 min. Blood samples were collected at 0 min and regularly until 480 min to measure lipids, and markers of insulin resistance. Participants had a mean (SD) age 58 (5) years, BMI 25·7 (4·0) kg/m2, with fasted lipids and glucose within the normal range. Preliminary results showed no significant differences between study visits at baseline. A significant meal∗time interaction for the incremental postprandial diastolic BP (DBP) response (incremental area under the curve) (p = 0·007) was observed, with a significantly greater reduction after test fat meal 1 compared with 2 (p = 0·012) (Figure 1). No significant effects of meal fatty acid composition were observed for postprandial triacylglycerol, apolipoprotein B, non‐esterified fatty acids, glucose, insulin, systolic BP or pulse pressure. In conclusion, meal fat composition was shown to have differential effects on the postprandial change in DBP following sequential high‐fat meals. These data from part of the DIVAS‐2 postprandial study and this trial was registered at www.clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02144454.
Study on the quality of life of patients with lung cancer by shunqi tongluo cream combined with the aidi$$$ Purpose and significance: By observing the clinical efficacy, adverse reactions and improvement of the quality of the patients' life of the study that The Shunqi Tongluo Cream combined with the Aidi explore new ideas and methods of treatment of lung cancer patients and provide the basis for the treatment of lung cancer and ultimately to improve the quality of life of patients with pleural effusion of lung cancer and prolong survival purposes. Methods: The patients diagnosed as lung cancer by means of the theory and/ or histological examination and accompanied with the symptoms of chest tightness and shortness of breath were randomly divided into treatment group and control group, and each group included 20 cases of patient. The patients in the control group were intervened by the Aidi injection alone while the patients in the observation group were intervened by the Shunqi Tongluo Cream combined with the Aidi injection, and the treatment efficacy and adverse reactions of the two groups were recorded. Results: After treatment, 20 cases of patients of the treatment group included 15 patients of Complete Response (CR), 15 patients of SD and 5 patients of No Response (NR), of which the total effective rate was 75.0%, while 20 cases of patients of the treatment group included 0 patients of Complete Response (CR), 11 patients of Stable Disease (SD) and 9 patients of No Response (NR), of which the total effective rate was equal to 55.0%. There was statistical significance (P=0.01<0.05) between the total effective rates of two group. Conclusion: 1. For the lung cancer patients with the symptom of chest tightness and shortness of breath, the efficacy of Shunqi Tongluo Cream combined with the Aidi injection is better than that of the Aidi injection alone. 2. The Shunqi Tongluo Cream combined with the Aidi injection can better relieve the symptoms. The observation demonstrated that the therapy by means of the Aidi injection combined with the TCM Shunqi Tongluo Cream topical application plus heat irritation possesses unique therapeutic advantages and has the value of clinical promotion and application.
Soymilk ingestion immediately after therapeutic exercise enhances rehabilitation outcomes in chronic stroke patients: a randomized controlled trial$$$ PURPOSE: This study investigates the effects of an 8‐weeks rehabilitation exercise plus soymilk ingestion immediately after exercise on functional outcomes in chronic stroke patients. METHODS: Twenty‐two stroke patients (age: 57‐84 yrs$$$ time since stroke onset: 2‐19 yrs) participated and completed the study. A randomized, placebo‐controlled and double‐blind design was used. Participants were randomly allocated to either soymilk (SMS$$$ n = 11) or placebo (PLA$$$ n = 11) group and received identical 8‐weeks rehabilitation intervention (3 sessions/week$$$ 120 min/session) with corresponding treatment beverages. The physical and functional outcomes were evaluated before, during, and after the intervention. RESULTS: The 8‐weeks rehabilitation program enhanced functional outcomes of participants. The immediate soymilk ingestion after exercise additionally improved hand grip strength (p = 0.021), 8‐feet walking speed (p = 0.019), walking performance per unit lean mass (p = 0.024), and 6‐minute walk performance (6MWT, p = 0.016) compared with PLA after the intervention. However, the improvements in the total score for short physical performance battery (SPPB) and lean mass did not differ between groups. CONCLUSION: Compared with rehabilitation alone, the 8‐week rehabilitation program combined with immediate soymilk ingestion further improved walking speed, exercise endurance, grip strength, and muscle functionality in chronic stroke patients.
Metabolomics Reveals that the Type of Protein in a High-Fat Meal Modulates Postprandial Mitochondrial Overload and Incomplete Substrate Oxidation in Healthy Overweight Men$$$ Background: A meal rich in saturated fatty acids induces a postprandial metabolic challenge. The type of dietary protein may modulate postprandial metabolism. Objective: We studied the effect of dietary protein type on postprandial changes in the metabolome after a high‐fat meal. Methods: In a 3‐period, crossover, postprandial study, 10 healthy overweight men with an elevated waist circumference (>94 cm) ingested high‐fat meals made up of cream fat (70% of energy), sucrose (15% energy), and protein (15% energy) from either casein (CAS), whey protein (WHE), or α‐lactalbumin‐enriched whey protein (LAC). Urine collected immediately before and 2, 4, and 6 h after the meal was analyzed for metabolomics, a secondary outcome of the clinical study. We used mixed‐effect models, partial least‐square regression, and pathway enrichment analysis. Results: At 4 and 6 h after the meal, the postprandial metabolome was found to be fully discriminated according to protein type. We identified 17 metabolites that significantly explained the effect of protein type on postprandial metabolomic changes (protein‐time interaction). Among this signature, acylcarnitines and other acylated metabolites related to fatty acid or amino acid oxidation were the main discriminant features. The difference in metabolic profiles was mainly explained by urinary acylcarnitines and some other acylated products (protein type, Ps < 0.0001), with a dramatically greater increase (100‐ to 1000‐fold) after WHE, and to a lesser extent after LAC, as compared with CAS. Pathway enrichment analysis confirmed that the type of protein had modified fatty acid oxidation (P < 0.05). Conclusion: Taken together, our results indicate that, in healthy overweight men, the type of protein in a high‐fat meal interplays with fatty acid oxidation with a differential accumulation of incomplete oxidation products. A high‐fat meal containing WHE, but not CAS, resulted in this outpacing of the tricarboxylic acid cycle. This study was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00931151.
Topical insulin accelerates wound healing in diabetes by enhancing the AKT and ERK pathways: a double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Wound healing is impaired in diabetes mellitus, but the mechanisms involved in this process are virtually unknown. Proteins belonging to the insulin signaling pathway respond to insulin in the skin of rats. OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to investigate the regulation of the insulin signaling pathway in wound healing and skin repair of normal and diabetic rats, and, in parallel, the effect of a topical insulin cream on wound healing and on the activation of this pathway. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We investigated insulin signaling by immunoblotting during wound healing of control and diabetic animals with or without topical insulin. Diabetic patients with ulcers were randomized to receive topical insulin or placebo in a prospective, double‐blind and placebo‐controlled, randomized clinical trial (NCT 01295177) of wound healing. RESULTS AND CONCLUSIONS: Expression of IR, IRS‐1, IRS‐2, SHC, ERK, and AKT are increased in the tissue of healing wounds compared to intact skin, suggesting that the insulin signaling pathway may have an important role in this process. These pathways were attenuated in the wounded skin of diabetic rats, in parallel with an increase in the time of complete wound healing. Upon topical application of insulin cream, the wound healing time of diabetic animals was normalized, followed by a reversal of defective insulin signal transduction. In addition, the treatment also increased expression of other proteins, such as eNOS (also in bone marrow), VEGF, and SDF‐1α in wounded skin. In diabetic patients, topical insulin cream markedly improved wound healing, representing an attractive and cost‐free method for treating this devastating complication of diabetes. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01295177.
Topical fat reduction$$$ The fat on women's thighs is more difficult to mobilize due to increased alpha‐2 adrenergic receptor activity induced by estrogen. Lipolysis can be initiated through adipocyte receptor stimulation (beta adrenergic) or inhibition (adenosine or alpha‐2 adrenergic) or by inhibition of phosphodiesterase. Since many women desire regional thigh fat loss, a series of clinical trials were initiated using one thigh as a double‐blinded control. Trial #1: Five overweight women had injections of isoproterenol at intervals around the thigh three times a week for 4 weeks with diet and walking. Trial #2: Five overweight woman had ointment containing forskolin, yohimbine and aminophylline applied to the thigh five times a week for 4 weeks after hypertonic warm soaks with a diet and walking. Trial #3: Eighteen overweight women were divided into three groups of six and trial #2 was repeated with each agent alone vs. placebo using forskolin, yohimbine or aminophylline in separate ointments. Trial #4: Thirty overweight women had 10% aminophylline ointment applied to the thigh five times a week for 6 weeks with diet and walking. Chemistry panel, theophylline level and patch testing were performed. Trial #5: Twelve women had trial #4 repeated with 2% aminophylline cream without a diet or walking. Trial #6: Trial #5 was repeated with 0.5% aminophylline cream. All trials except yohimbine ointment gave significantly more girth loss from the treated thigh (p < 0.05 to p < 0.001). Chemistry panel showed no toxicity. Theophylline was undetectable and patch testing was negative. We conclude that topical fat reduction for women's thighs can be achieved without diet or exercise.
Oral leukoplakia is a white patch in the mouth usually developing due to smoking and can convert to oral cancer if not treated. In the following trial, medicinal treatment is being tested which can potentially reverse the changes and stop the development of oral cancer$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: 5% imiquimod and oral antioxidants: 5% imiquimod for topical application will be prescribed along with oral antioxidants. Imiquimod is an anti tumor medication that will help in reversal of dysplasia in oral leukoplakia. 1 sachet (0.25g) containing 5% imiquimod cream (12.5mg) have to applied on the lesion thrice a week for 20 to 30 minutes at a time for a total of 16 weeks. Control Intervention1: Oral antioxidants: Only oral antioxidants (10mg lycopene) will be prescribed and the outcomes will be compared to the group of patients which were prescribed 5% topical imiquimod to see the reversal of dysplasia. CONDITION: Health Condition 1: K132‐ Leukoplakia and other disturbancesof oral epithelium, including tongue PRIMARY OUTCOME: OLEP StagingTimepoint: Baseline, 2 weeks, 4 weeks, 6 weeks, 8 weeks, 10 weeks, 12 weeks, 14 weeks, and 16 weeks SECONDARY OUTCOME: VAS scoreTimepoint: 2 weeks, 4 weeks, 6 weeks, 8 weeks, 10 weeks, 12 weeks, 14 weeks, 16 weeks INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients between 18 to 70 years of age Patients with clinically and histopathologically confirmed oral leukoplakia Patients willing to be a part of the study and agreeing for the follow‐up duration
Tretinoin (0.05% cream vs. 5% peel) for photoaging and field cancerization of the forearms: randomized, evaluator-blinded, clinical trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Topical tretinoin cream is the gold standard treatment for skin ageing, particularly photoaging. The purpose of tretinoin peel was to obtain similar results, but in a shorter time, however, there have been few controlled trials on its effectiveness. OBJECTIVE: To compare efficacy and safety of tretinoin 0.05% cream and 5% as a peeling agent on photoaging and field cancerization of the forearms. METHODS: Clinical trial with therapeutic intervention, prospective, randomized (computer‐generated randomization list), parallel, comparative (intrasubject) and evaluator‐blinded (except for histology and immunohistochemistry), including 24 women (48 forearms) aged over 60 years who have not undergone hormone replacement and categorized as Fitzpatrick skin phototype II or III. The forearms of the participants were randomized for treatment with 0.05% tretinoin cream three nights a week, or 5% tretinoin peel every 2 weeks. The opinion of the participant, severity of photoaging, corneometry, profilometry, high‐frequency ultrasound, histology (haematoxylin‐eosin and Verhoeff stainings) and immunohistochemistry (p53, bcl‐2, Ki67 and collagen I) were assessed. RESULTS: One participant dropped out. The mean photoaging score reduced 20% and the mean actinic keratosis (AK) count reduced 60% with no difference between treatments. Three efficacy parameters showed opposite effects between the tretinoin treatments (P < 0.05%): (i) thickness of the corneal layer decreased with 0.05% tretinoin and increased by 5%$$$ (ii) dermis echogenicity increased by 0.05% and decreased by 5% and (iii) Ki67 expression increased by 0.05% and decreased by 5%. There was good tolerability for both regimens. CONCLUSION: Tretinoin as a cream 0.05% or peeling (5%) is safe and effective for the treatment of moderate photoaging and forearm field cancerization. The cream was superior in improving ultrasonographic parameters of ageing. Peeling was shown a superior performance in the stabilization of field cancerization.
Use of photoliasis and topical antioxidants in the treatment of actinic keratosis and skin cancer field: a randomized controlled trial$$$ INTERVENTION: Drug Included patients will be randomized to receive FPS 99 sunscreen treatment containing photoliase, to be used twice daily with topical application to both forearms and back of hands$$$ or sunscreen with SPF 99, also to be used twice a day on both forearms and back of hands. Each group will consist of 20 patients (20 in the sunscreen group with photolysis and 20 in the sunscreen group). Patients in each of the above groups will still apply moisturizing cream (placebo) on one forearm and cream composed of antioxidant agents formulated with 15% L‐ascorbic acid, 1% alpha‐tocopherol and 0.5% ferulic acid on the other. forearm, both topically applied once a day, at night. There will be randomization for both treatments and forearm blinding for placebo and topical antioxidant treatment. For each patient the proposed treatments will last 8 weeks. Skin Cream CONDITION: Actinic keratosis actinic keratosis $$$ Actinic keratosis PRIMARY OUTCOME: At least 50% improvement in the absolute score of the forearm photoaging scale is expected to be seen in the pre‐treatment interval and after 8 weeks of treatment. The photoaging scale of the forearms will be completed at both times according to the parameters contained in it (number of superficial actinic keratoses, number of hypertrophic actinic keratoses, presence of wrinkles, presence of visible purpura, presence of atrophic scars, presence of elastosis) and the findings of the participant's forearm clinical examination It is expected to find a 100% reduction in the number of actinic forearm keratoses from individual skin lesion counts at the pre‐treatment interval and after 8 weeks of treatment. SECONDARY OUTCOME: A reduction of 50% or more in the number of actinic forearm keratoses is expected from the individual skin lesion count, pre‐treatment interval and after 8 weeks of treatment. We will evaluate the appearance of non‐melanoma skin tumors in the studied territory (forearms) from the participant's clinical examination after 8 weeks of treatment. We will evaluate the presence of adverse effects related to the proposed treatments, from the participant's questioning about the presence of symptoms such as burning, redness, peeling, blistering or local pain, after completing the use of the proposed treatments within 8 weeks. We will evaluate the tolerability of the treatments, based on the participant's questioning, after 8 weeks of treatment. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Sign the Informed Consent Form$$$ Age between 50 and 90 years of both sexes$$$ Present at least three and at most ten lesions clinically compatible with actinic keratosis in each forearm, bilaterally.
Imiquimod applied topically: a novel immune response modifier$$$ Imiquimod (S‐26308, R‐837) (1‐(2‐methylpropyl)‐1H‐imidazo[4,5‐c]quinolin‐4 amine), and immune response modifier, was approved as a 5% cream (Aldara, 3M Pharmaceuticals) by the US FDA in February 1997, for the treatment of genital and perianal warts. Drug activity results primarily from induction of interferon alpha (IFN‐alpha) and other cytokines in the skin, which stimulate several other aspects of the innate immune response. Imiquimod also stimulates acquired immunity, in particular the cellular arm, which is important for control of viral infections and tumors. It is expected to be effective where exogenous IFN‐alpha has shown utility, and where enhancement of cell‐mediated immunity is needed. Recently presented Phase II clinical studies demonstrated efficacy in treating UV induced skin lesions, basal cell carcinoma, and actinic keratosis. Case studies have reported benefit when treating molluscum and in prevention of keloids after surgery.
Effectiveness and safety of colchicin crema 0,5% versus photodynamic therapy in treating areas with precancerous lesions$$$ INTERVENTION: A study of 36 patients, who will be randomly receive one of the following on each forearm, forearms totaling 72 (36 with colchicine and 36 with photodynamic therapy) .The patients will be informed about the research protocol and sign the consent form . After, they will be assessed through a range of photoaging and actinic keratoses counting scale. It will be held punch biopsy 3:00 in the middle third of each forearm. The forearms of enrolled patients will be randomized to treatment with colchicine at 0.5% cream to be used twice a day for 10 days$$$ or MAL ‐TFD after curettage. an ointment layer containing hydrochloride aminulevulato methyl in the affected area and occluded with PVC film and aluminum foil is applied. The occlusion time is 3 hours. After this time, the area to be treated is illuminated with an LED lamp with a wavelength of 630nm with a distance of five to eight centimeters from the treated surface for a period of eight minutes. All patients will be protected with safety glasses. For each patient, the study will last 60 days, during this time, they will be directed to the use of sunscreen broad spectrum (UVA and UVB) on the forearms. Patients will be reevaluated 15 days after the intervention, again with the photoaging of scale and the score of actinic keratoses, and will be asked about pain, adverse effects of treatment such as erythema, blisters, scabs and the choice of the preferred intervention. After 60 days of the intervention, patients will be re‐evaluated and biopsied. In biopsies will be evaluated degrees of atypia, solar elastosis and bear the words of p53 and Ki67. E02.547.800.500 E07.632.490 Procedure/surgery CONDITION: Actinic keratosis Skin Field cancerization $$$ L57.0 $$$ C04.834.450 C04.834.450 L00‐L99 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Complete clearance rate of AK when treated with colchicine and MAL‐ PDT in T60 , ie , the absence of actinic keratoses on clinical examination after 60 days of treatment with colchicine or MAL ‐PDT , by the number of actinic keratoses count , evaluation the severity score of actinic keratoses and photoaging scale. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Partial clearance rate of AK when treated with colchicine and MAL ‐PDT compared T0 to T60 , with expected reduction of at least 30 % in the amount of actinic keratoses . Modification of histologic atypia profile between treatments comparing T0 to T60 , made ??by histopathology . Modification of the expression of p53 and Ki67 between treatments comparing T0 to T60 , waiting for reducing the expression of p53 and Ki67 after the intervention. adverse effects assessment related to the proposed treatment : impact of local events and severity . Emergence of non‐melanoma skin tumors by clinical evaluation. Tolerability through a questionnaire applied to the patient. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Sign the Statement of Consent. Age above 18 years of both sexes. Provide at least three and no more than ten clinically compatible with actinic keratosis lesions on each forearm.
T-lysyal based cream (Repalysyal) in the prevention of acute skin toxicity in breast cancer patients$$$ Purpose or Objective: Acute skin toxicity is a frequent side effect of breast irradiation affecting quality of life of breast cancer patients. Ameliorating these unwished events may have a positive impact on the therapeutic course of the patients. In this study we tested a thymine‐lysine‐hyaluronic acid based cream in the prevention of radiation induced skin toxicity (RIST). Material and Methods: Patients undergoing breast irradiation after conservative surgery for breast cancer were considered for the study. The patients were randomly assigned to use Tlysyal (repalysyal, a thymine‐lysine‐hyaluronic acid based cream) vs. patients using a moisturizing cream. The patients were stratified for age, breast size, and phototype. Radiation therapy was delivered with 3D conformal radiation therapy, with 20 fraction of 2.25 Gy (concomitant boost dose 2.5 Gy) on the residual breast for a total dose of 45 Gy in 4 weeks (50 Gy boost dose to the tumoral bed). The appearance of any grade of skin toxicity was the endpoint of our study. RIST was assessed weekly from the beginning of treatment and graded according to the RTOG acute skin toxicity scale. Results: Fifty two consecutive patients undergoing radiation therapy after breast conserving surgery for breast cancer were randomized to have the skin treated with 2 daily application of Repalysyal or a simple moisturizing cream. Median age of the patients was 54. At the end of treatment (4 weeks) 15/26 patients in the Repalysyal group vs. 26/26 patients in the control group had any grade of skin toxicity (p=0.0001). Moreover, among patients that developed skin toxicity, 3/15 vs. 18/26 developed G2 toxicity in Repalysial and control group, respectively (0.0036). Conclusion: Repalysyal ameliorates the acute skin toxicity profile of patients undergoing radiation therapy after conservative surgery for breast cancer.
Photodynamic therapy using topical methyl 5-aminolevulinate compared with cryotherapy for actinic keratosis: a prospective, randomized study$$$ BACKGROUND: Actinic keratoses (AKs) are the most common premalignant tumors. Without treatment, a significant number of patients with AK will experience squamous cell carcinoma. Photodynamic therapy (PDT) using the new highly selective photosensitizer methyl 5‐aminolevulinate is a promising new treatment modality for AK. OBJECTIVE: We investigated the complete response rates, cosmetic outcome, and patient satisfaction after photodynamic therapy (PDT) using methyl 5‐aminolevulinate (Metvix) versus cryotherapy in the treatment of AKs. METHODS: Patients were randomized to receive either cryotherapy with liquid nitrogen spray or PDT using methyl 5‐aminolevulinate cream 160 mg/g, 3 hours application time, and red light (75 J/cm(2)). RESULTS: Efficacy results from 193 patients with 699 lesions (92% face/scalp and 93% thin/moderately thick) were analyzed. Overall complete response rates after 3 months were 69% for PDT and 75% for cryotherapy. Both treatments gave higher response rates in thin lesions (PDT 75%, cryotherapy 80%). PDT gave better cosmetic results and higher patient satisfaction than cryotherapy. CONCLUSION: PDT using methyl 5‐aminolevulinate is an attractive treatment option for patients with AK, with a response rate similar to that of cryotherapy, but with superior cosmetic results and high patient satisfaction.
A thermochromic tissue-mimicking phantom model for verification of ablation plans in thermal ablation$$$ Background: Our study aims to develop a novel tissue‐mimicking thermochromic with tumor model for visualization of thermal ablation and verification of ablation plans Methods: Polyacrylamide gel was mixed with thermochromic ink to produce a phantom model. A phantom model embedded in a tumor model was constructed and used to evaluate the ablation procedure. The phantom models were randomly divided into complete ablation group and incomplete ablation group. The ablation planning of the tumor was on the 3D US and performed on a phantom model. We guide the ablation procedures according to the ablation planning. The results measured in a gross specimen of the phantom model were compared with the expected results in ablation planning. Results: The color of the model changes from cream white to magenta after heating. The mono‐site ablation area is a spheroid after thermal ablation with a size of 3.0×1.8 cm at 60 W, 5 minutes, 3.5×2.5 cm at 60 W, 10 minutes, and 4.0×3.5 cm at 60 W, 15 minutes, respectively. According to the ablation planning, a total of 4 ablation points were needed to retrieve the complete ablation of a 3.0 cm tumor. The complete ablation and incomplete ablation were proved by a gross specimen of the phantom model as we expected Conclusions: A novel thermochromic tissue‐mimicking phantom model with a spherical tumor model has been designed and developed. The ablation area can be visualized on this phantom model by the permanent color change. This phantom model can assess the ablation planning system's accuracy and train operators for ultrasound‐guided thermal ablation.
Efficacy and safety of 0.5% colchicine cream versus 5% 5-fluorouracil cream in the treatment of cutaneous field cancerization: a randomized clinical trial$$$ Background: 5‐Fluorouracil (5‐FU) is a first‐line drug to treat cutaneous field cancerization (CFC). There are few clinical trials with topical colchicine (COL). Objective: To evaluate the effectiveness of 0.5% COL cream versus 5% 5‐FU cream in the treatment of CFC. Method: This was a randomized, open, self‐controlled clinical trial. Forty‐five patients (90 forearms), with three to ten actinic keratoses (AK) on each forearm, used 0.5% COL cream 2×/day for seven days on one forearm, and 5% 5‐FU cream 2× /day, for 21 days, on the other forearm. The dosages were defined based on previous clinical trials for each drug. Adverse effects were evaluated after 14 days and outcomes after 90 days of inclusion. The primary outcome was complete AK clearance and the secondary outcomes were: partial clearance (≥50%), reduction in AK count, assessment of the Forearm Photoaging Scale (FPS), AK Severity Score (AKSS), and adverse effects. Results: After 90 days, there was complete clearance of AK in 37% (95% CI 24%–49%) and partial clearance in 85% (95% CI 76%–93%) of the forearms treated with 5‐FU,versus 17% (95% CI 7%–27%) and 78% (95% CI 66%–88%) for COL (p > 0.07). There was a percentage reduction of 75% in the AK count of the forearms treated with 5‐FU (95% CI 66%–83%) and 64% in those treated with COL (95% CI 55%–72%). Regarding FPS and AKSS, there was improvement in both groups, with no difference regarding FPS (p = 0.654), and 5‐FU superiority for AKSS (p = 0.012). Study limitations: Single‐center study. Conclusions: 5‐FU and COL are effective for treating CFC, with neither showing superiority regarding the reduction in AK counts.
Efficacy of sunscreen with photolyase or regular sunscreen associated with topical antioxidants in treating advanced photodamage and cutaneous field cancerization: a randomized clinical trial$$$ Background: Several treatments are available for skin with advanced photodamage, which is characterized by the presence of actinic keratoses (AK). Objectives: Evaluate the efficacy of using sunscreen with photolyase compared to regular sunscreen, as well as to compare the combination of a topical formulation of antioxidants versus placebo in the treatment of advanced photodamage. Methods: This was a randomized, double‐blind, factorial clinical trial. Participants with AKs on their forearms were randomized to apply regular sunscreen (SC) or sunscreen with photolyase (SC+P) on both forearms during the day. One of the forearms in each group was randomized again to receive topical antioxidants (AOx), and the other forearm received a placebo cream (both for night application). The four groups were SC/AOx, SC/placebo, SC+P/AOx, and SC+P/placebo. The duration of treatment was 8 weeks. Primary outcomes were total AK clearance, decrease in Forearm Photoaging Scale (FPS), and AK severity scores. Secondary outcomes were reduction in AK count, partial clearance rate, and safety. Results: Forty participants (80 forearms) were included. All groups showed significant improvement in outcomes at week eight. There were no significant differences between SC and SC+P for either outcome. AOx led to a significant reduction in AK count (22%$$$ p < 0.05). Partial clearance was obtained in 18 (47.4%) forearms treated with AOx and in 9 (23.7%) treated with placebo (p < 0.05). All groups reduced the FPS score, without significant differences among them. Conclusions: There is no difference in the treatment of advanced photodamage skin when comparing the use of sunscreen with photolyase and regular sunscreen, and topical antioxidants were more efficient in reducing AK count than placebo. Study limitations: Short interval of follow‐up and absence of re‐evaluation in the absence of treatment were limitations of the present study.
Milk polar lipids reduce lipid cardiovascular risk factors in overweight postmenopausal women: towards a gut sphingomyelin-cholesterol interplay$$$ Objective: To investigate whether milk polar lipids (PL) impact human intestinal lipid absorption, metabolism, microbiota and associated markers of cardiometabolic health. Design: A double‐blind, randomised controlled 4‐week study involving 58 postmenopausal women was used to assess the chronic effects of milk PL consumption (0, 3 or 5 g‐PL/day) on lipid metabolism and gut microbiota. The acute effects of milk PL on intestinal absorption and metabolism of cholesterol were assessed in a randomised controlled crossover study using tracers in ileostomy patients. Results: Over 4 weeks, milk PL significantly reduced fasting and postprandial plasma concentrations of cholesterol and surrogate lipid markers of cardiovascular disease risk, including total/high‐density lipoprotein‐cholesterol and apolipoprotein (Apo)B/ApoA1 ratios. The highest PL dose preferentially induced a decreased number of intestine‐derived chylomicron particles. Also, milk PL increased faecal loss of coprostanol, a gut‐derived metabolite of cholesterol, but major bacterial populations and faecal short‐chain fatty acids were not affected by milk PL, regardless of the dose. Acute ingestion of milk PL by ileostomy patients shows that milk PL decreased cholesterol absorption and increased cholesterol‐ileal efflux, which can be explained by the observed co‐excretion with milk sphingomyelin in the gut. Conclusion: The present data demonstrate for the first time in humans that milk PL can improve the cardiometabolic health by decreasing several lipid cardiovascular markers, notably through a reduced intestinal cholesterol absorption involving specific interactions in the gut, without disturbing the major bacterial phyla of gut microbiota. Trial registration number: NCT02099032 and NCT02146339$$$ Results.
Children's intake of fruit and selected energy-dense nutrient-poor foods is associated with fathers' intake$$$ Parental dietary intake, lifestyle behavior, and parenting style influence a child's weight status. Few studies have examined associations between parent‐child dietary intake, or specific father‐child associations. This cross‐sectional study examined associations between father‐child dietary intakes of fruit, vegetables, and selected energy‐dense nutrient‐poor foods. The study population consisted of overweight fathers with 50 father‐child dyads included in the analysis$$$ median (interquartile range) age of fathers was 39±8.0 years$$$ body mass index was 32.7±5.3$$$ and their primary school‐aged children (n=50) (54% boys aged 8.5±3.0 years, body mass index z score 0.6±1.6) who had been targeted to participate in the Healthy Dads, Healthy Kids pilot trial in the Hunter region, New South Wales, Australia in 2008. Dietary intakes of fathers and children were assessed using validated food frequency questionnaires, with mothers reporting their child's food intake. Descriptive statistics were reported and Spearman's rank order correlations used to test the strength of associations between father‐child intakes. Fathers' median (interquartile range) daily fruit and vegetable intakes were 0.9 (1.5) and 2.2 (1.3) servings/day, respectively, whereas children consumed 2.1 (2.4) fruit and 2.9 (2.1) vegetable servings/day. Moderately‐strong positive correlations were found between father‐child fruit intakes (r=0.40, P<0.01), cookies (r=0.54, P<0.001), and potato chips (r=0.33, P<0.05). There were no associations between intakes of vegetables, ice cream, chocolate, or french fries (P>0.05). Children's intakes of fruit and some energy‐dense nutrient‐poor foods but not vegetables were related to their father's intakes. The targeting of fathers should be tested in experimental studies as a potential strategy to improve child and family eating habits.
Effects of milk supplementation with conjugated linoleic acid on weight control and body composition in healthy overweight people$$$ INTRODUCTION: Conjugated linoleic acids (CLAs) have shown beneficial effects in weight control therapy however this relation is not clear. OBJETIVE: The aim of the study was to examine the effects and safety of 3g of a 1:1 mix of c9‐t11 and t10‐c12 on weight control and body composition in healthy overweight individuals. METHODS: A prospective, placebo‐controlled, randomised double‐blind, parallel clinical trial lasting 24 weeks was carried out in 38 volunteers (29w, 9m) aged 30‐55 years and BMI ≥27‐<30 kg/m2 who consumed 200 ml/day of skimmed milk with 3g of CLAs or 3g olive oil (placebo). Anthropometric, biochemical and dual x‐ray absorptiometry (DXA) tests were measured. Diet and physical activity were assessed. RESULTS: Subjects maintained their habitual dietary and exercise patterns over the study. Only CLA group showed a significant decrease in weight (74.43 ± 10.45 vs 73.54 ± 11.66 kg, p = 0.029) and waist circumference (91.45 ± 10.33 vs 90.65 ± 9.84 cm, p = 0.012) between baseline and end of the study. BMI and waist height ratio decreased (28.44 ± 1.08 vs 27.81 ± 1.43 kg/m2, p = 0.030 and 0.57 ± 0.05 vs 0.56 ± 0.04 p = 0.013 respectively) in CLA group at the end. CLA group experienced a reduction in total fat mass after 24 weeks (38.62 ± 5.02 vs 36.65 ± 5.64%, p = 0.035). No decrease was observed in Control group. HOMA index had no changes. CONCLUSIONS: The consumption of skimmed milk enriched with 3g of a 1:1 mixture of c9‐t11 and t10‐c12 for 24 weeks led to a decrease in body weight and total fat mass in healthy, overweight subjects who maintained habitual diets and exercise patterns. No adverse effects were observed. Registered under ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier No. NCT01503047.
A dairy-based protein-rich breakfast enhances satiety and cognitive concentration before lunch in young females with overweight to obesity: a randomized controlled cross-over study$$$ PURPOSE: To investigate if consumption of a high‐protein low‐carbohydrate breakfast (PRO) leads to a lower subsequent ad libitum energy intake at lunch and the rest of the day compared with ingestion of an isocaloric low‐protein high‐carbohydrate breakfast (CHO) or no breakfast (CON). METHODS: The study was designed as a randomized controlled 3 period crossover study. Thirty young (18‐30 years) females with overweight to obesity (BMI >25 kg/m2) in random order completed 3 separate experimental days, where they consumed either a PRO, CHO, or CON breakfast test meal followed by an ad libitum lunch meal 3 h after breakfast. Participants were allocated to a sequence group by their inclusion number. PRO and CHO were matched in dietary fiber and fat content. Energy intake at lunch was calculated and dietary records were obtained for the rest of the day to calculate the total daily energy intake and macronutrient intake. Ratings of appetite sensations between meals and palatability of the test meals were assessed using visual analog scale (VAS) sheets in intervals ranging from 10 to 30 min. In addition, blood samples were obtained at multiple time points separated by 10‐60 min intervals between breakfast and lunch and were analyzed for appetite‐regulating gut hormones, insulin, and glucose. Finally, performance in a cognitive concentration test was tested 150 min after breakfast. RESULTS: Compared with CHO and CON, the area under the curves (AUC) for satiety, fullness, and satisfaction in the 3 h after breakfast were significantly higher after PRO, whereas the AUC for hunger, desire to eat, and prospective eating were significantly lower after PRO. The appetite‐regulating gut hormones cholecystokinin, glucagon‐like peptide‐1, and ghrelin in the hours after breakfast, energy intake during the ad libitum lunch meal, and the total daily energy intake did not differ significantly between PRO, CHO, and CON. However, the cognitive concentration test score was 3.5 percentage points higher for PRO, but not CHO, versus CON. CONCLUSION: A dairy‐based high‐protein low‐carbohydrate breakfast increased satiety sensation in the hours after breakfast but did not reduce total daily energy intake compared with an isocaloric low‐protein high‐carbohydrate breakfast or breakfast omitting. However, performance in a cognitive concentration test before lunch was enhanced after the high‐protein low‐carbohydrate breakfast, but not the low‐protein high‐carbohydrate breakfast, compared with omitting breakfast.
Representation of food preference in the brain in relation to visceral obesity and stress$$$ INTERVENTION: 1. Stressed condition The stressed condition is a situation where the subjects are brought in a state of actual mental stress. The control condition is a condition of rest applied to the same subjects. The two conditions will be compared 2. High protein/fat vs. carbohydrate consumption During the test‐sessions (meal) as well as on a daily basis (snacks) subjects will consume high protein/fat vs. high carbohydrate foods. The food items will be highly rewarding, i.e. full of taste, creamy and crispy. The amount of foods consumed will be calculated according to the subjects daily energy requirements, 25 % per test‐meal during the test‐days and also 25% per day during the snack‐dietary phase of daily consumption. As this is a cross‐over study, all subjects will undergo the experiment in the stress and rest condition and in the high protein/fat and carbohydrate condition. The responses of the visceral overweight subjects will be compared to those of the normal weight subjects per condition. Within the subject groups the different conditions will be compared. CONDITION: 10003018 viscerale obesitas $$$ excess body weight $$$ Obesity PRIMARY OUTCOME: The main study endpoint is the effect of acute and long‐term consumption of $$$ highly rewarding foods on the physiological stress response and relevant reward $$$ related brain areas, on rewarding value of other foods and food intake in $$$ visceral overweight subjects. $$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: na $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion criteria are being right‐handed, both genders, age between 18‐55 years, BMI between 20 and 25 kg/m2 and between 25 and 30 kg/m2 with a waist circumference for men > 90 cm and for women > 80 cm, liking the tested food items, being able to play a standard memory game, without any metals in the body.
Microarray analysis of aberrant gene expression in actinic keratosis: effect of the Toll-like receptor-7 agonist imiquimod$$$ BACKGROUND: The molecular events leading to actinic keratosis (AK) are not well understood. OBJECTIVE: To identify and compare gene expression changes in AK lesions and in sun‐exposed nonlesional skin and to determine the effect of imiquimod 5% cream on these changes. METHOD: A double‐blind, vehicle‐controlled, randomized study was conducted to evaluate the molecular changes in AK treated with imiquimod. Seventeen male subjects with >/= 5 AK lesions on the scalp applied vehicle or imiquimod three times a week for 4 weeks. Gene expression analysis using Affymetrix oligonucleotide arrays was performed on shave biopsies of lesions taken before and after treatment. Confocal microscopy was performed on the study area as an adjunctive diagnostic procedure. RESULTS: We identified gene expression changes which occur in sun‐exposed, nonlesional skin as well as in AK lesions. These changes include, but are not limited to, the overexpression of oncogenic and proliferative genes and diminished expression of tumour suppressor genes. The gene expression changes observed in AK lesions and in sun‐exposed, nonlesional skin were consistent with the confocal microscopy observations, which showed abnormalities in the sun‐exposed, nonlesional skin, similar in nature but less pronounced than abnormalities seen in AK. Imiquimod partially or totally reversed the aberrant expression of some of the genes observed in AK, consistent with clearing of lesions and normalization of confocal cellular images. CONCLUSIONS: The data show that profound gene expression changes occur in sun‐exposed, nonlesional skin which progress further in AK lesions. The data also suggest that imiquimod may play a role in normalizing gene expression and cellular morphology in sun‐damaged skin.
Continuous activation of PpIX by daylight is as effective as and less painful than conventional photodynamic therapy for actinic keratoses$$$ a randomized, controlled, single-blinded study$$$ BACKGROUND: Photodynamic therapy (PDT) is a highly effective treatment for actinic keratoses (AK)$$$ however, it is time consuming and often painful for the patient. Daylight‐PDT would make the treatment independent of the clinic and less painful due to the continuous activation of small amounts of porphyrins during its formation. OBJECTIVES: The objective of this randomized controlled study was to compare response rates and adverse effects after methyl aminolevulinate (MAL)‐PDT using conventional red light‐emitting diode (LED) light vs. daylight. PATIENTS/METHODS: Twenty‐nine patients with AK of the face and scalp were treated with MAL‐PDT in two symmetrical areas. One area was illuminated by red LED light (37 J cm(‐2)) after 3‐h incubation with MAL under occlusive dressing. The other area was treated with daylight for 2.5 h after the MAL cream had been under occlusion for half an hour. RESULTS: We found no significant difference in the treatment effect between the two treatments (P = 0.13), with a reduction of AK lesions of 79% in the daylight area compared with 71% in the LED area. Treatment response in the daylight area did not depend on the intensity of the daylight. Illumination with LED was more painful than daylight (P < 0.0001). Erythema and crusting occurred after both treatments and were similar in the two areas. CONCLUSIONS: PDT of AK by continuous activation of porphyrins by daylight proved to be as effective as conventional PDT. PDT using daylight activation will make the treatment of these extremely common premalignant tumours more time and cost effective, and more convenient for the patient.
Prostate cancer - evidence of exercise and nutrition trial (PrEvENT): study protocol for a randomised controlled feasibility trial$$$ BACKGROUND: A growing body of observational evidence suggests that nutritional and physical activity interventions are associated with beneficial outcomes for men with prostate cancer, including brisk walking, lycopene intake, increased fruit and vegetable intake and reduced dairy consumption. However, randomised controlled trial data are limited. The 'Prostate Cancer: Evidence of Exercise and Nutrition Trial' investigates the feasibility of recruiting and randomising men diagnosed with localised prostate cancer and eligible for radical prostatectomy to interventions that modify nutrition and physical activity. The primary outcomes are randomisation rates and adherence to the interventions at 6 months following randomisation. The secondary outcomes are intervention tolerability, trial retention, change in prostate specific antigen level, change in diet, change in general physical activity levels, insulin‐like growth factor levels, and a range of related outcomes, including quality of life measures. METHODS/DESIGN: The trial is factorial, randomising men to both a physical activity (brisk walking or control) and nutritional (lycopene supplementation or increased fruit and vegetables with reduced dairy consumption or control) intervention. The trial has two phases: men are enrolled into a cohort study prior to radical prostatectomy, and then consented after radical prostatectomy into a randomised controlled trial. Data are collected at four time points (cohort baseline, true trial baseline and 3 and 6 months post‐randomisation). DISCUSSION: The Prostate Cancer: Evidence of Exercise and Nutrition Trial aims to determine whether men with localised prostate cancer who are scheduled for radical prostatectomy can be recruited into a cohort and subsequently randomised to a 6‐month nutrition and physical activity intervention trial. If successful, this feasibility trial will inform a larger trial to investigate whether this population will gain clinical benefit from long‐term nutritional and physical activity interventions post‐surgery. Prostate Cancer: Evidence of Exercise and Nutrition Trial (PrEvENT) is registered on the ISRCTN registry, ref number ISRCTN99048944. Date of registration 17 November 2014.
Prostate cancer - evidence of exercise and nutrition trial (PrEvENT): study protocol for a randomised controlled feasibility trial$$$ Background: A growing body of observational evidence suggests that nutritional and physical activity interventions are associated with beneficial outcomes for men with prostate cancer, including brisk walking, lycopene intake, increased fruit and vegetable intake and reduced dairy consumption. However, randomised controlled trial data are limited. The 'Prostate Cancer: Evidence of Exercise and Nutrition Trial' investigates the feasibility of recruiting and randomising men diagnosed with localised prostate cancer and eligible for radical prostatectomy to interventions that modify nutrition and physical activity. The primary outcomes are randomisation rates and adherence to the interventions at 6 months following randomisation. The secondary outcomes are intervention tolerability, trial retention, change in prostate specific antigen level, change in diet, change in general physical activity levels, insulin‐like growth factor levels, and a range of related outcomes, including quality of life measures. Methods/design: The trial is factorial, randomising men to both a physical activity (brisk walking or control) and nutritional (lycopene supplementation or increased fruit and vegetables with reduced dairy consumption or control) intervention. The trial has two phases: men are enrolled into a cohort study prior to radical prostatectomy, and then consented after radical prostatectomy into a randomised controlled trial. Data are collected at four time points (cohort baseline, true trial baseline and 3 and 6 months post‐randomisation). Discussion: The Prostate Cancer: Evidence of Exercise and Nutrition Trial aims to determine whether men with localised prostate cancer who are scheduled for radical prostatectomy can be recruited into a cohort and subsequently randomised to a 6‐month nutrition and physical activity intervention trial. If successful, this feasibility trial will inform a larger trial to investigate whether this population will gain clinical benefit from long‐term nutritional and physical activity interventions post‐surgery. Prostate Cancer: Evidence of Exercise and Nutrition Trial (PrEvENT) is registered on the ISRCTN registry, ref number ISRCTN99048944. Date of registration 17 November 2014.
Dietary intervention in breast cancer patients: effects on food choice$$$ Effects of dietary intervention on food choice were studied in 240 women aged 50‐65 years who had been operated for a stage I‐II breast cancer. Following surgery, the women participated in a dietary history interview and were then randomized to one of two groups. The intervention group (n = 121) received individual dietary counselling aimed at reducing dietary fat intake to 20‐25% energy (E%), whereas no dietary advice was given to women in the control group (n = 119). For the 52% of the women in the intervention group that completed the study the total fat intake decreased from 36 to 23 E% (P less than or equal to 0.01) and from 37 to 34 E% (P less than or equal to 0.01) for the control group. There were significant reductions in the intake of table fat, high‐fat milk products, pork and sausages (containing greater than 11% fat), eggs, rice, pasta, cakes and chocolate for the intervention group. Concurrently the intake of vegetables, fruits, potatoes, bread, cereals, low‐fat milk products, low‐fat meat, sausages and fish increased significantly. For the control group there was a significant decrease in the consumption of total milk products, total meats, rice, pasta, cakes, and butter intake while the consumption of vegetables, fruits, cereals and fish increased (P less than or equal to 0.01). Reduction of high‐fat foods and increases of carbohydrate‐rich foods were more pronounced for the intervention group than for the control group. Formal education influenced dietary changes, and dietary counselling should therefore ideally be adapted to education level. This study showed that dietary counselling can bring about significant changes in consumption of high‐fat foods for at least a 2‐year period for women operated for breast cancer.
PRELIMINARY EFFICACY OF SILDENAFIL CREAM, 3.6% IN AN EXPLORATORY, RANDOMIZED, PLACEBO-CONTROLLED, PHASE 2B TRIAL FOR THE TREATMENT OF FEMALE SEXUAL AROUSAL DISORDER$$$ Introduction: Female sexual arousal disorder (FSAD) is a persistent or recurrent inability to attain, or to maintain until completion of the sexual activity, an adequate lubricationswelling response of sexual excitement that causes marked distress or interpersonal difficulty. The biologic mechanisms leading to FSAD are similar to male erectile dysfunction. Objective: To test the preliminary efficacy of topical Sildenafil Cream, 3.6% among women with FSAD in a randomized, placebo‐controlled, double‐blind, exploratory Phase 2b study. To describe, using validated 28‐day recall instruments, changes in sexual function with treatment, and to validate exploratory sexual function questionnaires in a placebocontrolled trial. Methods: Healthy pre‐menopausal women, aged 18‐years or older and their sexual partners, if applicable, were screened and provided written informed consent. An individual clinical interview with each volunteer was conducted in order to establish that FSAD was present and was the primary sexual dysfunction concern. Women at risk of pregnancy used effective contraception during the study.Women or their partners were excluded if they had un‐controlled hypertension, a history of serious cardiac events (e.g. myocardial infarction, stroke), orthostatic hypotension or other serious medical co‐morbidities. The co‐primary efficacy endpoints were measured by the arousal sensation domain of the sexual function questionnaire (SFQ28) and question 14 of the female sexual distress scale (FSDS). After a one‐month, no drug, run‐in period, and a one‐month, single‐blind placebo, run‐in period, 200 eligible women were randomized to receive Sildenafil Cream, 3.6% (n=101) versus placebo cream (n=99). Participants applied 2 grams of the investigational product to the clitoris, vestibule, labia minora and anterior distal vagina 10 ‐ 20 minutes prior to each partnered or unpartnered sexual experience. During the 12‐week, doubleblind treatment period, participants were seen monthly and completed validated, 28‐day recall questionnaires. Efficacy was also measured by a 12‐question Arousal Diary (AD), completed within 24 hours of each sexual experience. Results: Volunteers (n=833) underwent informed consent in this ethics board (Advarra Pro 00049161) and U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved study (IND 119922), registered at ClinicalTrials.gov (#NCT04948151). There were 1131 Sildenafil and 951 placebo exposed sexual experiences recorded in the AD during the double‐blind treatment period. Sildenafil Cream, 3.6% treated women had a higher proportion of satisfactory sexual events than placebo users. At 12‐weeks of use, there was improvement in the co‐primary endpoint of arousal sensation consistent with how women reported meaningful improvement in an exit interview at the end of the study, although this did not achieve statistical significance. Sildenafil Cream, 3.6% treated women showed improvements in pre‐specified exploratory endpoints that evaluated various aspects of the sexual experience including desire (p=0.02), arousal lubrication (p = 0.059) and orgasm (p=0.066) after 8 weeks of product use. Conclusions: Data from this exploratory, placebo‐controlled study of topical Sildenafil Cream, 3.6% for the treatment of FSAD in healthy premenopausal women support further clinical development of this first potential treatment for FSAD.
PRELIMINARY EFFICACY OF SILDENAFIL CREAM, 3.6% IN AN EXPLORATORY, RANDOMIZED, PLACEBO-CONTROLLED, PHASE 2B TRIAL FOR THE TREATMENT OF FEMALE SEXUAL AROUSAL DISORDER$$$ Introduction: Female sexual arousal disorder (FSAD) is a persistent or recurrent inability to attain, or to maintain until completion of the sexual activity, an adequate lubricationswelling response of sexual excitement that causes marked distress or interpersonal difficulty. The biologic mechanisms leading to FSAD are similar to male erectile dysfunction. Objective: To test the preliminary efficacy of topical Sildenafil Cream, 3.6% among women with FSAD in a randomized, placebo‐controlled, double‐blind, exploratory Phase 2b study. To describe, using validated 28‐day recall instruments, changes in sexual function with treatment, and to validate exploratory sexual function questionnaires in a placebocontrolled trial. Methods: Healthy pre‐menopausal women, aged 18‐years or older and their sexual partners, if applicable, were screened and provided written informed consent. An individual clinical interview with each volunteer was conducted in order to establish that FSAD was present and was the primary sexual dysfunction concern. Women at risk of pregnancy used effective contraception during the study.Women or their partners were excluded if they had un‐controlled hypertension, a history of serious cardiac events (e.g. myocardial infarction, stroke), orthostatic hypotension or other serious medical co‐morbidities. The co‐primary efficacy endpoints were measured by the arousal sensation domain of the sexual function questionnaire (SFQ28) and question 14 of the female sexual distress scale (FSDS). After a one‐month, no drug, run‐in period, and a one‐month, single‐blind placebo, run‐in period, 200 eligible women were randomized to receive Sildenafil Cream, 3.6% (n=101) versus placebo cream (n=99). Participants applied 2 grams of the investigational product to the clitoris, vestibule, labia minora and anterior distal vagina 10 ‐ 20 minutes prior to each partnered or unpartnered sexual experience. During the 12‐week, doubleblind treatment period, participants were seen monthly and completed validated, 28‐day recall questionnaires. Efficacy was also measured by a 12‐question Arousal Diary (AD), completed within 24 hours of each sexual experience. Results: Volunteers (n=833) underwent informed consent in this ethics board (Advarra Pro 00049161) and U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved study (IND 119922), registered at ClinicalTrials.gov (#NCT04948151). There were 1131 Sildenafil and 951 placebo exposed sexual experiences recorded in the AD during the double‐blind treatment period. Sildenafil Cream, 3.6% treated women had a higher proportion of satisfactory sexual events than placebo users. At 12‐weeks of use, there was improvement in the co‐primary endpoint of arousal sensation consistent with how women reported meaningful improvement in an exit interview at the end of the study, although this did not achieve statistical significance. Sildenafil Cream, 3.6% treated women showed improvements in pre‐specified exploratory endpoints that evaluated various aspects of the sexual experience including desire (p=0.02), arousal lubrication (p = 0.059) and orgasm (p=0.066) after 8 weeks of product use. Conclusions: Data from this exploratory, placebo‐controlled study of topical Sildenafil Cream, 3.6% for the treatment of FSAD in healthy premenopausal women support further clinical development of this first potential treatment for FSAD.
The more food young adults are served, the more they overeat$$$ Young and Nestle suggested that the increase in the portion size of food products evident in the United States during the past 20 years may be responsible for the epidemic of overweight and obesity. They based their conclusion on statistical correlations. The purpose of the present study was to provide experimental evidence to support their proposal. Cornell undergraduate students were given access to a buffet lunch on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday and were told this was a test of flavor enhancers. They were instructed to eat as much or as little as they wanted. On the same days of the following week, the subjects were divided into 3 groups. Each group was served either 100%, 125%, or 150% of the amount of food they had consumed the previous week. When larger amounts were served, significantly greater amounts of food were consumed. Each of the 4 foods that comprised the meal (soup, pasta, breadsticks, ice cream) increased significantly in proportion to the portion size. The data clearly support the hypothesis proposed by Young and Nestle and support the powerful role that environment plays in determining energy intake and potential increases in body weight.
Evaluation of the moisturizer Pedimed in the foot care of diabetic patients$$$ Aim: Xerosis is one of the most common abnormalities observed in the diabetic foot, promoting ulceration through the development of fissures and hyperkeratosis. Its treatment is therefore paramount and must be implemented early on. The objective of this study was to assess the moisturizing properties of Pedimed cream in the treatment of foot xerosis in diabetic patients. Methods: In this randomized double‐blind study, Pedimed and its placebo were randomly allocated to the right/left foot of each patient (one active/one control side). Products were applied twice daily for 4 weeks. Xerosis was assessed using the clinical Xerosis Assessment Scale (XAS), corneometry (skin hydration measurement) and D‐Squame (scale sample analysis) after 14 (D14) and 28 (D28) days of treatment. Results: Twenty‐four men and 30 women, aged 57.0+/‐12.7 years, with type 1 or type 2 diabetes and moderate‐to‐severe foot xerosis were included. A dramatic decrease in XAS score that was more marked with Pedimed than with placebo was observed from D14 (38.1% vs 20.9%, P<0.0001), reaching 61.9% vs 34.9% at D28 (P<0.0001). The number of feet with fissures was greatly reduced with Pedimed compared with placebo at both D14 (11.1% vs 22.2%, P=0.031) and D28 (5.6% vs 18.5%, P=0.039). Skin hydration increased by 48.9% with Pedimed vs 31.7% with placebo at D14 (P=0.0002), reaching 57.3% vs 36.5% at D28 (P<0.0001). All D‐Squame parameters showed greater improvement with Pedimed. Product tolerability was excellent. Conclusion: Validated clinical and paraclinical tools demonstrated the efficacy of Pedimed in improving xerosis and reducing fissures of the feet in diabetic patients
Impact of 4 versus 6 apical suspension sutures for uterosacral ligament suspension$$$ Objectives: The uterosacral ligament suspension (USLS) is a commonly performed native‐tissue apical prolapse repair and has been described with variations in both suture type and number. The objective of this analysis was to establish whether 24‐month postoperative POPQ points differed significantly with the use of 4 vs. 6 total suspension sutures. Materials and Methods: This was a secondary analysis of a randomized, double‐blind trial including postmenopausal women with ≥stage 2 apical and/or anterior vaginal wall prolapse scheduled for USLS or sacrospinous ligament suspension (SSLS) at 3 US sites. Choice of USLS vs. SSLS was at surgeon discretion. The intervention was 1g conjugated estrogen (CE) vaginal cream (0.625mg/g) or identical placebo (1:1), inserted nightly for 2wk, then 2x/wk for ≥5 weeks before surgery and continued 2x/wk for 1yr postoperatively. The USLS suture type was standardized: 1 delayed‐absorbable monofilament (polydioxanone) and 1 or 2 permanent monofilament (polypropylene) placed bilaterally, i.e., a choice of 4 or 6 total sutures at surgeon discretion. Notable baseline differences between the 4‐ and 6‐suture were controlled for in linear and logistic regression models. Results: Of 199 women randomized, 186 underwent surgery, and 136 of these had a USLS performed, 93(68%) with 4 sutures and 43(32%) with 6 sutures. Most characteristics (race, smoking history, prior hysterectomy, prior prolapse surgery, BMI, and CE exposure) were similar between groups. However, the 4‐suture group was older than the 6‐suture group (65.2y vs. 61.7y, P=0.003)$$$ had fewer diabetic participants [13(14%) vs. 17(40%), P=0.006]$$$ had less severely prolapsed POPQ points C [median(IQR) ‐2(‐3,1) vs. 0(‐2,3), P=0.014] and GH [4(3,4.5) vs. 5(4,5), P<0.001]$$$ and had more posterior repairs performed [65(70%) vs. 13(30%), P<0.001]. After controlling for these variables—and for clinical site—all POPQ points were similar 24mo postop (Table). Operative time was less with 4‐sutures: median(IQR) 157(121,196) vs. 205(164,237) min, P=0.01. Granulation tissue ≥6mo postop (19% overall) was similar in both groups. Conclusion: Among postmenopausal women undergoing native tissue apical prolapse repair with USLS, there was no significant difference in POPQ points—including point C—24 months postoperatively with the selection of 4 vs. 6 suspension sutures. Either option appears reasonable, although 4 sutures was associated with less operative time. [Formula presented]
Comparative trial of Aloe vera/olive oil combination cream versus phenytoin cream in the treatment of chronic wounds$$$ OBJECTIVE: Aloe vera is a medicinal plant that has been traditionally used to accelerate wound healing. Olive oil is also a natural product that may contribute to wound healing owing to its antimicrobial and anti‐inflammatory effects. The present study aimed to evaluate the effect of an Aloe vera‐olive oil (AVO) combination cream on the healing process of chronic wounds. METHOD: In this randomised, double‐blind, comparator‐controlled, parallel‐group trial, patients with chronic wounds were treated with either AVO cream or phenytoin cream as the standard treatment for a period of 30 days. Wound healing was evaluated using Bates‐Jensen assessment tool and the severity of pain was assessed using a visual analogue scale (VAS). RESULTS: After initial assessment, 60 patients with chronic wounds (41 with pressure ulcer, 13 with diabetic wounds and 6 with venous ulcers), were recruited and randomised into 2 groups of 30. After 30 days of treatment, significant improvements in the wound size, depth, and edges$$$ necrotic tissue type and amount$$$ exudate type and amount$$$ colour of wound surroundings$$$ and peripheral tissue oedema score were observed in the AVO cream group (p<0.001). The total score of wound healing showed significant improvement with both AVO (p<0.001) and phenytoin (p<0.01) creams, although AVO was more efficacious (p<0.001). Likewise, although both treatments reduced the initial VAS score, the efficacy of AVO was significantly greater (p<0.001). CONCLUSION: AVO cream significantly accelerates biological healing of chronic wounds and helps to reduce pain severity with a higher efficacy compared with phenytoin cream.
Benefit of using composite nanoparticle formulation in patients with infected wounds compared to standard wound management$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Kadermin (silver nanoparticle) cream: Kadermin cream arm: The Kadermin (silver nanoparticle) cream shall be applied topically on the wounds at 1gm/cm2 dosage daily once for minimum of 5 days and upto 28 days or wound healing, whichever is earlier. Control Intervention1: Mupirocin ointment topical application: Standard cream arm: The Mupirocin ointment shall be applied topically on the wounds at 1gm/cm2 dosage daily once for minimum of 5 days and upto 28 days or wound healing, whichever is earlier. CONDITION: Health Condition 1: L00‐L08‐ Infections of the skin and subcutaneous tissue Health Condition 2: L089‐ Local infection of the skin and subcutaneous tissue, unspecified Health Condition 3: L768‐ Other intraoperative and postprocedural complications of skin and subcutaneous tissue PRIMARY OUTCOME: Microbiological clearance of the wound (bacteria isolated from the would swab)Timepoint: Day 5 and Day 10 SECONDARY OUTCOME: Wounds healing (presence necrotic tissue (slough/eschar), presence of pus/exudate, smell, wound bed colour, presence of granulation tissue, colour of epithelial tissue, and features of healing) and features of contraction $$$ $$$ Timepoint: DAY 10 INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Male or female patients aged more than 18 years of age 2. Patients admitted with infected wound with swab/pus/tissue culture positive for a bacteria 3. Wound of any type and any area (body part) including either post‐surgery, trauma, burn or chronic underlying illness like diabetes 4. Willingness to comply with study instructions for its duration as indicated by written informed consent from the patient
Efficacy and safety of baccharis latifolia cream in the treatment of gonarthrosis$$$ Objectives: Introduction: Based on ethnobotanical, phytochemical, genotoxic, cytotoxic, preclinical and clinical studies, in addition to a pilot study presented asaposterat PANLAR 2018, we have continued with data collectiontoevaluate a phytotherapic rich in flavonoids of the species B. latifolia, elaborated by the UMSA and LAFAR laboratories. Objectives: Evaluate the efficacy and safety of B. latifolia cream in gonarthrosis, in comparison to diclofenac gel. Methods: Clinical, randomized, comparative and double‐blind clinical study carried out in La Paz‐Bolivia, previous acceptance of the Hospital ethics committee and informed consent signing, capturing patients who meet the following criteria: Inclusion criteria: diagnosis of gonarthrosis ac‐cording to ACR criteria, mild, moderate or severe mechanical joint pain. Exclusion criteria: another origin of knee pain, systemic autoimmune dis‐ease, previous initiation of analgesic and/or anti‐inflammatory treatment, Indication of prosthesis. The creams were applied together to the pulsatile ultrasound for 5 minutes in the cabinet and every 8 hours at home for 12 days, with mon‐itoring at the 1st and 12th day. Blinding was performed with coded creams until the end of the study, presenting similar physical characteristics. The statistical analysis was done through the Epi Info 7.2 program and a Student's T was used to compare both groups. Results: We included 50 patients, the majority were older than 60 years of age, of female sex, of housework occupation, either overweight and/or obesity grade I, with weakness of the quadriceps as most frequently associated comorbidity and gonarthrosis grade II and III according to the classification of Kellgren‐Lawrence. Over the course of treatment, we observed pain reduction, rigidity and improved functionality in both groups, using the EVA pain and WOMAC scores as measurement ele‐ments, without finding statistically significant differences between both groups (p> 0.05) Conclusions: The efficacy and safety of B. latifolia cream was similar to that of diclofenac gel.
The effect of a slimming system including a lipolytic cream and an isometric abdominal exercise regime and a garment on skin temperature$$$ Topical creams composed of aminophylline and/or caffeine increase fat lipolysis in sub‐cutaneous fat. If this occurs, then skin temperature should increase after cream application due to an increase in tissue metabolism. Experiments were conducted where the temperature effect from the combination of exercise, a cream containing aminophylline and caffeine, and a garment was assessed using infrared thermography. There were 52 subjects in the experiments (32 investigational and 20 controls). Baseline measurements were taken prior to the treatments. Participants then followed a 10‐minute slimming system protocol which included applying the lipolytic cream (lipolytic group), wearing an elastic compression belt for 10 minutes, and performing 3 minutes of abdominal contractions. Controls followed the same procedure, but used a placebo cream. Skin temperature measurements were then repeated after the belt was taken off and at 1, 2, and 3 hours post‐belt removal. There were no significant differences in the skin temperature in the first 15 minutes after the cream was applied. Over the next 3 hours, skin temperature significantly increased for the lipolytic group (p<0.01) to a final value 5.08 degrees C above the baseline precream temperature. The more overweight the subjects were, the greater the increase in skin temperature due to the thicker fat layer altered by the lipolytic cream. The correlation between skin temperature and BMI was significant (p<0.05). Controls only showed a very small temperature increase for the first 2 hours attributed to the abdominal exercise. Thus, a single application of the cream, belt and exercise had long lasting effects on fat metabolism as measured by skin temperature.
Effect of Improving Dietary Quality on Arterial Stiffness in Subjects with Type 1 and Type 2 Diabetes: a 12 Months Randomised Controlled Trial$$$ People with diabetes have accelerated arterial stiffening. The aim of this study was to determine the effect of increasing fruit, vegetable and dairy intake for 12 months on carotid femoral pulse wave velocity (cfPWV), augmentation index (AIx), and central blood pressure (cBP), compared to a usual diet control, in people with type 1 and type 2 diabetes. In a 12 months randomised controlled trial, cfPWV, AIx and cBP were measured every 3 months. The intervention group received dietary counselling to increase consumption of fruit (+1 serving/day$$$ 150 g/day), vegetables (+2 servings/day$$$ 150 g/day) and dairy (+1 serving/day$$$ 200‐250 g/day) at baseline, 1, 3, 6 and 9 months. The control group continued on their usual diet. One hundred and nine participants were randomised and 92 (intervention n = 45$$$ control n = 47) completed. At 3 months, fruit (184 g/day$$$ p = 0.001) and dairy (83 g/day$$$ p = 0.037) intake increased in the intervention group compared with the control group but this increase was not maintained at 12 months. After adjustment for baseline measurements there was no time by treatment effect for central systolic or diastolic BP, AIx or cfPWV. A time effect existed for AIx which modestly increased over time. Peripheral diastolic BP and central pulse pressure were improved in the intervention group compared with the control group at 12 months. In the cohort with type 1 and type 2 diabetes, improving dietary quality by increasing consumption of fruit, vegetables and dairy did not improve cBP, AIx or cfPWV, compared with a control group continuing on their usual diet, after 12 months.
Investigating the effect of the pH of foot care product formulations on pedal skin in diabetic and non-diabetic subjects$$$ OBJECTIVE: The use of skin care formulations with acidic pHs is seen as an effective method to maintain the acidic mantel of the skin$$$ however, because the skin pH varies depending on the area of the body and as data are lacking for the skin pH of the feet, there was a need to examine whether this assumption holds true for skin care formulations designed for the foot. Thus, three foot creams formulated with a neutral, acidic or alkaline pH were compared with each other as well as to an untreated control group in order to analyse their impact on skin pH, hydration and general skin condition. METHODS: An exploratory clinical investigation with 60 enrolled subjects, half of whom had a diagnosis of diabetes (type 1 or type 2), was undertaken. The investigation followed a randomized, double‐blind, balanced incomplete block design (BIBD) including intra‐individual comparison (before and after treatment). Evaluations of skin pH and hydration were carried out using a pH meter and a Corneometer respectively. Objective evaluation of skin condition for efficacy assessment was performed by a trained grader. For tolerability evaluation, objective and subjective dermatological assessments were performed. RESULTS: At the end of the treatment period, the skin pH was largely unchanged at five out of six of the test areas, with the mean value for each treatment group using test products showing similar fluctuations as the untreated control group. Furthermore, the skin condition parameters studied all improved by a comparable magnitude for each of the treatment groups using the test products, whereas the untreated control group experienced a worsening of the skin condition parameters. CONCLUSIONS: The results of this investigation suggest that where the skin of the foot is concerned, the pH of skin care formulations has no (physiologically) relevant influence on the skin's pH in either diabetic or non‐diabetic subjects. Furthermore, the expectation that acidic formulations would be more beneficial for the skin's condition was not found to hold true for the skin of the foot, as no significant difference was observed between the performance of the three test products investigated in this study.
Food Crop Diversity, Women's Income-Earning Activities, and Distance to Markets in Relation to Maternal Dietary Quality in Tanzania$$$ Background: Women's dietary diversity and quality are limited in low‐ and middle‐income countries (LMICs). Nutrition‐sensitive interventions that promote food crop diversity and women's access to income could improve diets and address the double burden of malnutrition in LMICs. Objectives: We examined the associations among food crop diversity and women's income‐earning activities with women's diet quality, as well as effect modification by access to markets, in the context of small‐holder food production in rural Tanzania. Methods: Data from a cross‐sectional study of 880 women from Rufiji, Tanzania, were analyzed. Women's dietary intake was assessed using a food frequency questionnaire. The prime diet quality score (PDQS$$$ 21 food groups$$$ range, 0‐42), a unique diet‐quality metric for women that captures the healthy and unhealthy aspects of diet, was computed. Generalized estimating equation linear models were used to evaluate the associations of food crop diversity and women's income‐earning activities with PDQS, while controlling for socio‐economic factors. Results: Maternal overweight (24.3%) and obesity (13.1%) were high. The median PDQS was 19 (IQR, 17‐21). Households produced 2.0 food crops (SD ± 1.0) yearly. Food crop diversity was positively associated with PDQS (P < 0.001), but the association was strengthened by proximity to markets (P for interaction = 0.02). For women living close (<1.1 km) to markets, producing 1 additional food crop was associated with a 0.67 (95% CI, 0.22‐1.12) increase in PDQS, versus a 0.40 (95% CI, 0.24‐0.57) increase for women living farther away. The PDQS increased with women's salaried employment (estimate, 0.96$$$ 95% CI, 0.26‐1.67). Conclusions: Household food production may interact with access to markets for sales and purchases, while nonfarm income also improves women's diet quality in rural Tanzania. Programs to improve women's diet quality should consider improving market access and women's access to income (source of empowerment), in addition to diversifying production.
The Influence of Honey and Hydrogel Products Therapy on Healing Time in Diabetic Foot$$$ BACKGROUND: Diabetic foot ulcer is a serious and common complication of diabetes that often leads to significant morbidity and even amputation if not properly treated. Current treatment options, such as wound dressing, have limitations in promoting efficient healing. There is a need for effective interventions that can expedite the healing process and enhance the time required for complete healing. METHODOLOGY: This prospective single‐blinded randomized control trial studied diabetic mellitus type 2 patients with ulcer in their second‐degree feet from February 2019 to February 2023 in the Diabetic Foot Center, King Fahad Specialist Hospital Al Qassim‐KSA. RESULTS: This study involved 120 patients with a mean age of 59.64 ± 10.21. And 63% to 52.5% of them were males and 57% to 47.5% were females. The mean healing time was about 12.76 ± 4.08 days. Cases were divided into 4 equal groups with altered treatment procedures: honey alone, hydrogel alone, honey, and hydrogel combination alternately (3 intervention groups), and fucidin ointment or cream alone (1 control group), with 30 participants in each group. We revealed that the mean healing times for honey alone, hydrogel alone, and honey and hydrogel alternately were 12.20, 13.97, and 10.83 days, respectively. While it was 14.03 days in the control Fucidin ointment or cream [significantly P < .05 (P = .004)]. CONCLUSION: From the findings of the present study, we noticed that faster healing time among diabetic foot cases could be accomplished by treatment with a combination of honey and hydrogel alternately. Therefore, this therapy is effective in reducing the risk of diabetic foot ulcers.
A novel wearable device for motor recovery of hand function in chronic stroke survivors$$$ We have previously demonstrated in monkey that reticulospinal connections to hand and forearm muscles are strengthened following corticospinal lesion, contributing to recovery of function (Zaaimi et al., 2012). Reticulospinal neurons can be activated by auditory click stimuli, probably partially through the vestibular apparatus (Fisher et al. 2012). Pairing clicks with electrical stimulation of a muscle induce plastic changes in motor pathways (probably the reticulospinal tract) through spike‐timing‐dependent plasticity mechanisms (Foysal et al. 2016). In this study, we tested whether pairing clicks with muscle stimulation could improve hand function in stroke survivors. Clicks were delivered through a miniature earpiece, and electrical stimuli at motor threshold were given over the forearm extensor muscles. Stimulation was delivered using a wearable electronic device, as in Foysal et al. (2016), which allowed the patient to receive stimulation at home while performing normal daily activities. We recruited 95 patients who had sufered a cortical or subcortical stroke at least 6 months previously. Patients were randomized to three groups: (1) wearable device stimulation at 0.67 Hz, where muscle stimuli were given 12 ms before click, (2) wearable device stimulation, where click and shock occurred independently at random, also at 0.67 Hz, and (3) standard care. Those allocated to the device used it for at least 4 h per day, every day for 4 weeks. Hand function was assessed at baseline (week 0), and weeks 2, 4, and 8, using the Action Research Arm Test (ARAT) which has four domains‐grasp, grip, pinch, and gross. Severity across three groups was comparable at baseline (mean total ARAT in three groups‐18.09, 10.75, and 17.25, P = 0.194). Group 1 improved in the total ARAT (mean week 0: 18.09 and week 8: 19.77, P = 0.019) unlike the other two groups. The grasp subscore also improved signifcantly (mean week 0: 5.84 and week 8: 7.18, P = 0.004) only in Group 1. Other ARAT subdomains showed no signifcant changes in any groups. Only one device‐related adverse event occurred, which was a contact dermatitis associated with the adhesive surface electrodes$$$ this improved with topical steroid cream with no interruption of treatment. We conclude that a wearable device delivering paired clicks and shocks can produce a signifcant improvement in hand function in stroke survivors, probably through an action on the reticulospinal tract.
Attempt of preventive treatment of striae gravidarum using preventive massage ointment administration$$$ Striae distensae are an appreciable cosmetic problem for many pregnant women. Preventive application of a water/oil massage cream was tested in a group of 24 gravidae (control group: 26 patients). In the untreated control group striae distensae were observed in two‐thirds of the patients, whereas the prophylactically‐treated gravidae showed development of striae in only one third of the group given the test preparation. Better results were obtained in women with a favourable constitutional predisposition than in patients with a tendency to overweight. The massage cream was well tolerated by all gravidae.
Effects of two conjugated linoleic Acid isomers on body fat mass in overweight humans$$$ OBJECTIVE: To examine the effects of two different conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) isomers at two different intakes on body composition in overweight humans. RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: Eighty‐one middle‐aged, overweight, healthy men and women participated in this bicentric, placebo‐controlled, double‐blind, randomized study. For 6 weeks (run‐in period), all subjects consumed daily a drinkable dairy product containing 3 g of high oleic acid sunflower oil. Volunteers were then randomized over five groups receiving daily either 3 g of high oleic acid sunflower oil, 1.5 g of cis‐9,trans‐11 (c9t11) CLA, 3 g of c9t11 CLA, 1.5 g of trans‐10,cis‐12 (t10c12) CLA, or 3 g of t10c12 CLA administrated as triacylglycerol in a drinkable dairy product for 18 weeks. Percentage body fat mass and fat and lean body mass were assessed at the end of the run‐in and experimental periods by DXA. Dietary intake was also recorded. RESULTS: Body fat mass changes averaged 0.1 +/‐ 0.9 kg (mean +/‐ SD) in the placebo group and ‐0.3 +/‐ 1.4, ‐0.8 +/‐ 2.1, 0.0 +/‐ 2.3, and ‐0.9 +/‐ 1.7 kg in the 1.5‐g c9t11, 3‐g c9t11, 1.5‐g t10c12, and 3‐g t10c12 groups, respectively. Changes among the groups were not significantly different (p = 0.444). Also, lean body mass and dietary intake were not significantly different among the treatments. DISCUSSION: A daily consumption of a drinkable dairy product containing up to 3 g of CLA isomers for 18 weeks had no statistically significant effect on body composition in overweight, middle‐aged men and women.
MauiDerm 2021 for Dermatologists$$$ The proceedings contain 45 papers. The topics discussed include: rapid itch improvement in children with severe atopic dermatitis treated with dupilumab: a phase iii subset analysis$$$ results from ADVISE: A randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled phase ii study of etrasimod, an oral, selective, sphingosine 1‐phosphate receptor modulator, in adults with moderate‐to‐severe atopic dermatitis$$$ risk of venous thromboembolism among patients with atopic dermatitis: a cohort study in a us administrative claims database$$$ the safety and efficacy of roflumilast cream 0.15% and 0.05% in atopic dermatitis: phase II proof‐of‐concept study$$$ tralokinumab provides progressive improvements beyond week 16 in patients with atopic dermatitis with an initial partial response$$$ incidence and outcomes of imaging for cellulitis in hospitalized patients with active intravenous drug use$$$ and clinical utility of the 40‐gene expression profile (40‐GEP) for improved patient management decisions and disease related outcomes when combined with current clinicopathological risk factors for cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma (cSCC): A case series.
In vivo photoprotective and anti-inflammatory effect of hyperforin is associated with high antioxidant activity in vitro and ex vivo$$$ Hyperforin, a major constituent of St. John's Wort (Hypericum perforatum, HP), provides anti‐inflammatory, anti‐tumor, and anti‐bacterial properties. Previous studies have shown anti‐oxidative properties of St. John's Wort extracts$$$ however, its free radical scavenging activity in skin cells or skin has not been assessed in detail so far. Therefore, the free radical scavenging activity of hyperforin was tested in the H(2)DCFDA‐assay in vitro in HaCaT keratinocytes irradiated with solar simulated radiation. Hyperforin (EC(50) 0.7 μM corresponding to 0.42 μg/ml) was much more effective compared to Trolox (EC(50) 12 μg/ml) and N‐acetylcysteine (EC(50) 847 μg/ml) without showing phototoxicity. The radical protection factor of a cream containing 1.5%w/w of a hyperforin‐rich HP extract was determined to be 200 × 10(14) radicals/mg, indicating a high radical scavenging activity. The cream was further applied ex vivo on porcine ear skin and significantly reduced radical formation after infrared irradiation. Finally, the UV‐protective effect of the HP cream was tested on 20 volunteers in a randomized, double‐blind, vehicle‐controlled study. HP cream significantly reduced UVB‐induced erythema as opposed to the vehicle. Occlusive application of HP cream on non‐irradiated test sites did not cause any skin irritation. Taken together, these results demonstrate that hyperforin is a powerful free radical scavenger.
A series of in vitro and human studies of a novel lip cream formulation for protecting against environmental triggers of recurrent herpes labialis$$$ Purpose: These studies describe the testing of a novel, daily‐use lip cream designed for individuals with lips prone to recurrent herpes labialis (RHL) that protects against environmental triggers. Subjects and methods: In vitro occlusive and in vitro and in vivo photoprotection analyses, a characterization of normal vs dry lips, and a randomized, evaluator‐blinded, clinical trial that assessed the lip cream in healthy subjects with dry lips were conducted. In the clinical trial, subjects applied the lip cream or were untreated and evaluated using transepidermal water loss (TEWL), corneometry, visual assessments of lip dryness, expert photographic evaluations, and subject‐rated outcomes. Results: The lip cream’s in vitro water vapor transmission rate (84.1 g/(m2 h)) indicated moderate occlusivity. The lip cream, but not placebo or control (water), reduced ultraviolet A (UVA)‐and UVB‐induced DNA damage, and tumor necrosis factor‐α (EpiDermFT) and prostaglandin E2 release (EpiDermFT and EpiGingival™). The lip cream’s in vivo sun protection factor (SPF) was 12.2 (lower confidence limit, 11.3) and SPF/UVA protection factor ratio was 0.9. The characterization of dry vs normal lips identified differences in moisturization. In the clinical trial, the lip cream significantly decreased TEWL (difference:‐7.19 [95% CI:‐11.41,‐2.98]$$$ P<0.01), increased corneometry (difference: 4.62 [95% CI: 1.05, 8.19]$$$ P<0.05), and reduced visual dryness (difference:‐1.48 [95% CI: 2.24,‐0.71]$$$ P<0.001) compared to untreated subjects. Significant benefits were also observed on expert photographic assessments of scaling (difference:‐0.89 [95% CI:‐1.75,‐0.03]$$$ P< 0.05), cupping (difference:‐1.50 [95% CI:‐2.30,‐0.70]$$$ P<0.001), and healthy appearance (difference:‐1.44 [95% CI:‐2.29,‐0.58]$$$ P<0.01)$$$ differences in overall healthy appearance were not significant (P=0.51). Subject‐rated assessments indicated improvements in cracking, dryness, and flaking in the lip cream group but worsening in untreated subjects. Conclusion: These studies indicate that this novel, daily‐use lip cream protects against UV radiation, drying, and chapping, which are established environmental RHL triggers.
Roflumilast 0.3% Cream: a Phosphodiesterase 4 Inhibitor for the Treatment of Chronic Plaque Psoriasis$$$ BACKGROUND: Plaque psoriasis is a chronic dermatologic autoimmune disease that affects adults and children. Roflumilast 0.3% cream is currently the only topical phosphodiesterase 4 inhibitor indicated for the treatment of plaque psoriasis in patients 12 years or older. PHARMACODYNAMICS AND PHARMACOKINETICS: Roflumilast inhibits phosphodiesterase 4 inhibitor enzyme leading to the accumulation of cyclic adenosine monophosphate, which suppresses the inflammatory mediators interferon‐γ and tumor necrosis factor‐α. Roflumilast, applied once daily, reaches steady state by day 15 and has a half life of approximately 4 days in adults. Roflumilast undergoes extensive hepatic metabolism by cytochrome P450 enzymes and conjugation. Roflumilast is 99% bound to plasma proteins. CLINICAL TRIALS: Roflumilast efficacy and safety were evaluated in the DERMIS‐1 and DERMIS‐2 clinical trials. These identically designed, double‐blind, vehicle‐controlled phase 3 trials randomized 881 patients to roflumilast 0.3% cream or vehicle, applied once daily for 8 weeks. In DERMIS‐1, the Investigator Global Assessment success rate was 42.4% with roflumilast 0.3% cream compared with 6.1% with the vehicle (32.3%‐46.9%$$$ P <0.001). Similarly, in DERMIS‐2, the Investigator Global Assessment success rate was 37.5% with roflumilast 0.3% cream compared with 6.9% with the vehicle (20.8%‐36.9%$$$ P <0.001). Of 881 participants, 1% discontinued treatment with roflumilast cream due to adverse reactions compared with 1.3% treated with vehicle. Urticaria at the application site (0.3%) was the most common adverse reaction that led to discontinuation of roflumilast. THERAPEUTIC ADVANCE: To date, topical corticosteroids are the most commonly used agents to treat mild plaque psoriasis. Sensitive areas are often challenging to treat with existing topical therapy, including corticosteroids. Topical roflumilast has shown to be effective in treating sensitive areas, including skin folds, and may be an alternative to systemic therapy for some patients. The Food and Drug Administration approved topical roflumilast for the treatment of plaque psoriasis, including intertriginous areas, for patients 12 years or older.
Photo-damage protective effect of two facial products, containing a unique complex of Dead Sea minerals and Himalayan actives$$$ BACKGROUND: Skin appearance is badly affected when exposed to solar UV rays, which encourage physiological and structural cutaneous alterations that eventually lead to skin photo‐damage. AIMS: To test the capability of two facial preparations, extreme day cream (EXD) and extreme night treatment (EXN), containing a unique complex of Dead Sea water and three Himalayan extracts, to antagonize biological effects induced by photo‐damage. METHODS: Pieces of organ cultures of human skin were used as a model to assess the biological effects of UVB irradiation and the protective effect of topical application of two Extreme preparations. Skin pieces were analyzed for mitochondrial activity by MTT assay, for apoptosis by caspase 3 assay, and for cytokine secretion by solid phase ELISA. Human subjects were tested to evaluate the effect of Extreme preparations on skin wrinkle depth using PRIMOS and skin hydration by a corneometer. RESULTS: UVB irradiation induced cell apoptosis in the epidermis of skin organ cultures and increased their pro‐inflammatory cytokine, tumor necrosis α (TNFα) secretion. Topical applications of both preparations significantly attenuated all these effects. Furthermore, in human subjects, a reduction in wrinkle depth and an elevation in the intense skin moisture were observed. CONCLUSIONS: The observations clearly show that EXD and EXN preparations have protective anti‐apoptotic and anti‐inflammatory properties that can attenuate biological effects of skin photo‐damage. Topical application of the preparations improves skin appearance by reducing its wrinkles depth and increasing its moisturizing impact.
Bifidobacterium longum lysate, a new ingredient for reactive skin$$$ Reactive skin is characterized by marked sensitivity to physical (heat, cold, wind) or chemical (topically applied products) stimuli and by the impairment of the skin barrier's ability to repair itself. Several lines of evidence suggest that beyond their capacity to positively influence the composition of intestinal microbiota, some probiotic bacteria can modulate the immune system both at local and systemic levels, thereby improving immune defense mechanisms and/or down‐regulating immune disorders such as allergies and intestinal inflammation. Several recent human clinical trials clearly suggest that probiotic supplementation might be beneficial to the skin. Using a probiotic lysate, Bifidobacterium longum sp. extract (BL), we demonstrated first in vitro, and then in a clinical trial, that this non‐replicating bacteria form applied to the skin was able to improve sensitive skin. The effect of BL were evaluated first on two different models. Using ex vivo human skin explant model we found a statistically significant improvement versus placebo in various parameters associated with inflammation such as a decrease in vasodilation, oedema, mast cell degranulation and TNF‐alpha release. Moreover, using nerve cell cultures in vitro, we showed that after 6 h of incubation in culture medium (0.3‐1%), the probiotic lysate significantly inhibited capsaicin‐induced CGRP release by neurones. Then, a topical cream containing the active extract was tested in a randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial. Sixty‐six female volunteers with reactive skin were randomly given either the cream with the bacterial extract at 10% (n = 33) or the control cream (n = 33). The volunteers applied the cream to the face, arms and legs twice a day for two months. Skin sensitivity was assessed by stinging test (lactic acid) and skin barrier recovery was evaluated by measuring trans‐epidermal water loss following barrier disruption induced by repeated tape‐stripping at D1, D29 and D57. The results demonstrated that the volunteers who applied the cream with bacterial extract had a significant decrease in skin sensitivity at the end of the treatment. Moreover, the treatment led to increase skin resistance against physical and chemical aggression compared to the group of volunteers who applied the control cream. Notably, the number of strippings required to disrupt skin barrier function was significantly increased for volunteers treated with the active cream. Clinical and self‐assessment scores revealed a significant decrease in skin dryness after 29 days for volunteers treated with the cream containing the 10% bacterial extract. Since in vitro studies demonstrated that, on one hand, isolate sensitive neurones release less CGRP under capsaicin stimulation in the presence of the bacterial extract and, on the other hand, increased skin resistance in volunteers applying the test cream, we speculate that this new ingredient may decrease skin sensitivity by reducing neurone reactivity and neurone accessibility. The results of this studies demonstrate that this specific bacterial extract has a beneficial effect on reactive skin. These findings suggest that new approaches, based on a bacteria lysate, could be developed for the treatment and/or prevention of symptoms related to reactive skin.
Clinical observation on focal vitiligo treated with heat-sensitive moxibustion in comparison with medication$$$ OBJECTIVE: To observe the difference in clinical efficacy on focal vitiligo treated with heat‐sensitive moxibustion in comparison with medication, and discuss its effect mechanism. METHODS: Sixty‐eight cases were randomized into a moxibustion group (38 cases) and a medication group (30 cases). Additionally, 20 healthy persons were selected randomly as a normal group. In the moxibustion group, the heat‐sensitive moxibustion was applied to Hegu(LI 4), Quchi(LI 11), Yanglingquan(GB 34), Zusanli(ST 36), Xuehai(SP 10) and the others, once a day. In the medication group, triamcinolone acetonide cream was used externally and locally, twice a day. In the two groups, the treatment of 15 days made one session. The efficacy was observed after continuous treatment for 3 sessions. The hemorheology test was done in all of the subjects. The radioimmunoassay was adopted to determine the levels of Interleukin 2 (IL‐2), Interleukin 6 (IL‐6), Interleukin 10 (IL‐10) and tumor necrosis factor (TNF‐alpha) before and after treatment. RESULTS: The levels of IL‐6, IL‐10 and TNF‐alpha in vitiligo patients were higher significantly than those in the normal group (P<0. 01, P<0. 05), the level of IL‐2 was lower significantly than that in the normal group (P<0. 01) before treatment. After 3 sessions treatment, IL‐2 level was increased significantly in the moxibustion group and the levels of IL‐6, IL‐10 and TNF‐alpha were reduced, without significant differences as compared with the normal group (all P>0. 05). But the differences were significant as compared with those in the medication group (all P<0. 05). The curative and remarkably effective rate was 76. 3% (29/38) after treatment in the moxibustion group, which was higher significantly than 13. 3% (4/30, P<0. 05) in the medication group. CONCLUSION: Heat‐sensitive moxibustion achieves very good clinical efficacy on focal vitiligo, which is probably via promoting blood circulation and regulating the levels of IL‐6, IL‐10 and TNF‐alpha.
Efficacy of LL-37 cream in enhancing healing of diabetic foot ulcer: a randomized double-blind controlled trial$$$ Wound healing in DFU (diabetic foot ulcer) has prolonged inflammation phase and defective granulation tissue formation. LL‐37 has antimicrobial property, induces angiogenesis, and keratinocyte migration and proliferation. This study analyzes the efficacy of LL‐37 cream in enhancing wound healing rate and decreasing the levels of IL‐1α, TNF‐α, and the number of aerobic bacteria colonization in DFU with mild infection. This study was conducted from January 2020 to June 2021 in Jakarta. Subjects were instructed to apply either LL‐37 cream or placebo cream twice a week for 4 weeks. Wounds were measured on days 7, 14, 21, and 28 and processed with ImageJ. The levels of LL‐37, IL‐1α, and TNF‐α from wound fluid were measured using ELISA. The number of aerobic bacteria colonization was counted from the isolate grown in culture. The levels of LL‐37 in DFU at baseline were equally low in both groups which were 1.07 (0.37‐4.96) ng/mg protein in the LL‐37 group and 1.11 (0.24‐2.09) ng/mg protein in the placebo group. The increase in granulation index was consistently greater in the LL‐37 group on days 7, 14, 21, and 28 (p = 0.031, 0.009, 0.006, and 0.037, respectively). The levels of IL‐1α and TNF‐α increased in both groups on days 14 and 21 (p > 0.05). The decrease in the number of aerobic bacteria colonization was greater in the LL‐37 group on days 7, 14 and 21, but greater in the placebo group on day 28 (p > 0.05). In conclusion, LL‐37 cream enhanced the healing rate of DFU with mild infection, but did not decrease the levels of IL‐1α and TNF‐α and the number of aerobic bacteria colonization. This trial is registered at ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT04098562.
A comparison of mindfulness-based stress reduction and an active control in modulation of neurogenic inflammation$$$ Psychological stress is a major provocative factor of symptoms in chronic inflammatory conditions. In recent years, interest in addressing stress responsivity through meditation training in health‐related domains has increased astoundingly, despite a paucity of evidence that reported benefits are specific to meditation practice. We designed the present study to rigorously compare an 8‐week Mindfulness‐Based Stress Reduction (MBSR) intervention to a well‐matched active control intervention, the Health Enhancement Program (HEP) in ability to reduce psychological stress and experimentally‐induced inflammation. The Trier Social Stress Test (TSST) was used to induce psychological stress and inflammation was produced using topical application of capsaicin cream to forearm skin. Immune and endocrine measures of inflammation and stress were collected both before and after MBSR training. Results show those randomized to MBSR and HEP training had comparable post‐training stress‐evoked cortisol responses, as well as equivalent reductions in self‐reported psychological distress and physical symptoms. However, MBSR training resulted in a significantly smaller post‐stress inflammatory response compared to HEP, despite equivalent levels of stress hormones. These results suggest behavioral interventions designed to reduce emotional reactivity may be of therapeutic benefit in chronic inflammatory conditions. Moreover, mindfulness practice, in particular, may be more efficacious in symptom relief than the well‐being promoting activities cultivated in the HEP program.
The inflammatory and cytotoxic effects of a nitric oxide releasing cream on normal skin$$$ We describe the pro‐inflammatory and cytotoxic effects of nitric oxide in vivo in human skin. Nitrite and ascorbic acid were mixed on the skin of 12 normal volunteers, three times daily, to release nitric oxide. Exposure to nitric oxide was varied by randomizing the concentration of nitrite and duration of application. Nitric oxide treated skin showed significant increases in cells expressing CD3, CD4, CD8, CD68, neutrophil elastase, ICAM‐1, VCAM‐1, nitrosotyrosine, p53, and apoptotic cells compared with skin treated with ascorbic acid alone. There was no significant increase in mast cells. Following application of nitric oxide there were significantly fewer CD1a positive Langerhans cells in the epidermis. These appeared to lose dendritic morphology and migrate from the epidermis. There was no significant difference in staining for Ki‐67, a marker related to proliferating cell nuclear antigen, between active and control skin but staining was greater after exposure to higher dose nitric oxide than the low dose. Apoptosis, cytotoxicity, and p53 staining were relatively greater after 48 h exposure than after 24 h. These results suggest that nitric oxide is pro‐inflammatory and is toxic to DNA, leading to the accumulation of p53 and subsequent apoptosis. High‐dose nitric oxide paradoxically led to a smaller increase in macrophages and T cells than low dose suggesting an immunosuppressive effect of higher levels.
Endogenous phospholipid metabolite containing topical product inhibits ultraviolet light-induced inflammation and DNA damage in human skin$$$ BACKGROUND: N‐palmitoylethanolamine (PEA) and organic osmolytes are endogenous components of the human epidermis and are generated from phospholipids in the stratum granulosum. PEA has been shown to exert potent antioxidant and anti‐inflammatory activities. The endogenous organic osmolytes such as betaine and sarcosine control skin humidity, but have also been shown to inhibit ultraviolet (UV) light‐induced oxidative stress in keratinocytes. OBJECTIVES: To investigate the effect of a PEA‐ and organic osmolyte‐containing topical product (Physiogel AI) on the development of UV light‐induced erythema, thymine dimer formation and p53 tumor suppressor gene activation, as well as intercellular adhesion molecule 1 (ICAM‐1) and Ki67 expression in normal human skin. METHODS: The UV‐induced erythema was measured by a spectrofluorometric method. Thymine dimers, p53, ICAM‐1 and Ki67 were detected in skin biopsies using immunohistochemistry. RESULTS: Physiogel AI cream significantly inhibited the development of UV light‐induced erythema and thymine dimer formation in normal human skin, but did not alter the number of Ki67+ proliferating keratinocytes and the expression of p53 and ICAM‐1. CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that PEA and organic osmolytes might represent a new generation of compounds which suppress UV‐induced photodamage.
Jasmine rice panicle: a safe and efficient natural ingredient for skin aging treatments$$$ ETHNOPHARMACOLOGICAL RELEVANCE: While rice is one of the most important global staple food sources its extracts have found many uses as the bases of herbal remedies. Rice extracts contain high levels of phenolic compounds which are known to be bioactive, some of which show cutaneous benefits and activity towards skin disorders. This study highlights an assessment of the cellular activity and clinical efficacy of rice panicle extract, providing necessary information relevant to the development of new cosmetic products. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Jasmine rice panicle extract was standardized, and the level of phenolics present was determined. In vitro anti‐aging, and extract activity towards melanogenesis was conducted in B16F10 melanoma cells, and antioxidant activity was assessed in human skin fibroblast cell cultures. Topical product creams containing the extract were developed, and skin irritation testing using a single application closed patch test method was done using 20 Thai volunteers. Randomized double‐blind, placebo‐controlled efficacy evaluation was undertaken in 24 volunteers over an 84d period, with the results monitored by Corneometer® CM 825, Cutometer® MPA 580, Mexameter® MX 18 and Visioscan® VC 98. RESULTS: Jasmine rice panicle extract was shown to have a high content of p‐coumaric, ferulic and caffeic acids, and was not cytotoxic to the cell lines used in this study. Cells treated with extract suppressed melanogenesis via tyrosinase and TRP‐2 inhibitory effects, which protect the cell from oxidative stress at doses of 0.1mg/ml or lower. The jasmine rice panicle preparations (0.1‐0.2%) were safe (MII=0), and significantly (p<0.05) increased skin hydration levels relative to baseline. Skin lightening, and anti‐wrinkle effects related to skin firmness and smoothness were observed, in addition to a reduction in skin wrinkling. Improvements in skin biophysics of both 0.1% and 0.2% extracts were showed to be comparable (p>0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Jasmine rice panicle extract having high levels of phenolics shows cutaneous benefits as the basis for skin aging treatments, as indicated through in vitro cytotoxicity assessments and skin testing in human subjects.
Efficacy and safety of body skincare product containing Levan$$$ INTERVENTION: Skin care product containing Levan(1 mg/ml),Apply product on forearm 1.5g twice a day after bath.Duration 7 days, Cream‐base,Apply product on forearm 1.5g twice a day after bath.Duration 7 days. CONDITION: Healthy Volunteer Healthy Volunteer $$$ Healthy Volunteer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Skin hydration [Timeframe 7 days Corneometer CM825] Transepidermal water loss [Timeframe 7 days Tewameter TM300] SECONDARY OUTCOME: Adverse effect [Timeframe 7 days questionnaire] INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. No history of allergic reaction to any skin care products. 2. No skin lesions including inflammation, infection, trauma and tumors 3. Not pregnant and breastfeeding
Efficacy and tolerability of topical 1% cidofovir cream for the treatment of external anogenital warts in HIV-infected persons$$$ BACKGROUND: Treatment options for anogenital warts in patients with HIV‐1 are unsatisfactory because they fail to eradicate latent human papillomavirus. GOAL: To determine tolerability and efficacy of topical 1% cidofovir cream for the treatment of external anogenital warts in HIV‐infected patients. STUDY DESIGN: A randomized, placebo‐controlled, single‐blind, crossover pilot study of either 1% cidofovir cream or placebo applied once daily 5 days a week for 2 weeks followed by 2 weeks of observation was performed. RESULTS: Six patients were randomized to 1% cidofovir cream and six to placebo. The latter patients eventually received 1% cidofovir cream. Thus, 12 treatment rounds of cidofovir were compared with six rounds of placebo. A reduction of more than 50% in the total wart area achieved by seven cidofovir treatments (58%), as compared with no placebo regimen (P = 0.02). Local reactions occurred in 10 of the 12 patients treated with cidofovir, as compared with 0 of the 6 subjects in the placebo group (P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: For the initial clearance of anogenital warts in HIV‐infected patients, 1% cidofovir cream is significantly more effective than vehicle cream. Local mucosal erosion is a common side effect.
The Efficacy of Gynura pseudochina DC. var. hispida Thv. Ointment in Treating Chronic Plaque Psoriasis: a Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ BACKGROUND: A recent study showed that Gynura pseudochina DC. var. hispida Thv. leaf extract (GP) can reduce the activation of the nuclear factor κB (NF‐κB) pathway and suppress the release of interleukin (IL)‐1β, IL‐6, and tumor necrosis factor ‐α, which play an important role in the pathogenesis of psoriasis. METHODS: Twenty‐five patients with mild to moderate plaque psoriasis completed a 4‐week trial. Twice daily, they applied the GP ointment on psoriatic lesions on one side of the body, and they applied 0.1% triamcinolone (TA) cream on the other side. The Targeted Area Score (TAS), Psoriasis Severity Index (PSI) scores, and Physician's Global Assessment (PGA) scores were assessed at baseline and at weeks 1, 2, 3, and 4. Pre‐ and post‐treatment skin samples were taken. Phosphorylation of NF‐κB p65, Ki‐67, and epidermal thickness were analyzed through immunohistochemistry. RESULTS: The TAS for erythema, scaling, and induration and PSI scores decreased on both treated sides. A statistically significant difference was observed beginning at the first week of treatment. The GP ointment significantly decreased scaling scores. However, no significant differences were observed between the TAS for erythema and induration or the PSI and PGA scores. Immunohistochemical staining revealed diminution of phosphorylated NF‐κB p65, Ki‐67, and epidermal thickness in the lesions treated with the GP ointment. The ointment was well tolerated, with minimal side effects. No laboratory abnormalities were detected. CONCLUSIONS: The GP ointment demonstrated efficacy similar to that of 0.1% TA cream for mild to moderate chronic plaque psoriasis. In addition, its short‐term side effects were minimal.
New multi-targeting strategy in hair growth promotion: in vitro and in vivo studies$$$ BACKGROUND: Considering the importance of hair in our modern society and the impact of hair loss, the efforts of researchers are addressed to better understand the mechanisms behind the hair cycle regulation and dysregulation. Because hair loss is multifactorial, differenced and new approaches are required. In particular we addressed our attention to two recently identified targets in hair cycling and growth control: olfactory receptor and autophagy. The aim of the study was to evaluate: the possible pro‐autophagic effect of N1‐methylspermidine (a spermidine analogue) in vitro and, in a double blind clinical trial, the safety and efficacy of topical daily application of a lotion containing N1‐methylspermidine and Sandalore. METHODS: Autophagic modulation by N1‐methylspermidine was monitored in vitro by LC3 and p62 fluorescent signal cell line. Topical daily application of the lotion was tested in 60 male and female subjects with chronic telogen effluvium by means of non‐invasive objective evaluation. RESULTS: The results obtained by in vitro tests showed the capacity of N1‐methylspermidine to increase autophagic process while the clinical trials performed confirmed the safety and anti hair loss efficacy of the lotion reporting a reduction of hair loss (modified wash test) and hair growth stimulation as evaluated by hair density, hair shaft diameter, % of anagen hair and Hair Mass Index increase after 3 months of treatment. The lotion efficacy remained statistically significant for the above‐mentioned parameters, with the exception of hair lost during wash, also 3 months after the end of treatment. CONCLUSIONS: Based on the obtained results, the daily use of the N1‐methylspermidine and Sandalore‐based lotion is efficient to counteract hair loss and increase hair growth by a multifunctional targeting approach.
Intradermal delivery of methyl aminolevulinate by dermograph for BCC treatment using PDT: a randomized clinical trial$$$ Introduction: Protoporphyrin IX (PpIX) is an endogenous photosensitizer (PS) widely used in photodynamic therapy (PDT), obtained by its precursor's application such as aminolevulinic acid (ALA) and methyl aminolevulinate (MAL). The intradermal application provides greater penetration of the precursors into the skin compared with the standard topical application. Previously, we carried out a pilot clinical study using a dermograph (a micropigmentation device) to perform intradermal delivery of MAL in one patient with six nodular BCC lesions, achieving 100% cure rate 28 months after treatment [1]. This is a simple and affordable technology that provided very promising results, which encouraged the present study, a randomized clinical trial, to evaluate the comparison of the intradermal protocol by dermograph with topical cream application. Material and methods: The treatments of 65 patients and 101 lesions using PDT were conducted in the Amaral Carvalho Hospital, in Jahu, SP, Brazil under the approval of the local Research Ethics Committee (protocol number: 2.568.611). The cream was composed by 20% w/w concentration of MAL hydrochloride from PDT Pharma Company (Cravinhos, SP, Brazil), according to the clinical protocol previous described by Buzzá et al. [2]. For intradermal delivery of the cream, a commercial dermograph (Dermaflox, FLOX, São Paulo, SP, Brazil) was used. The tips had nine needles calibrated to achieve 2 mm maximum. Considering that dermograph application could lead to mild discomfort, a topical anaesthetic (4% lidocaine) was applied in all lesions for 30 minutes before initiating treatment. For irradiation, a commercial system composed of LEDs at 630 nm (LINCE®, MMOptics, São Carlos, SP, Brazil) was used. The first session was applied after 3 hours of incubation and the second 1.5 hour after the first one, both within the same day. Both sessions used 125 mW/cm² of irradiance and 150 J/cm² of fluence following Angarita et al. protocol. [3,4] After clinical evaluation, each lesion was selected to receive one of the protocols according to the randomization. The protocol “A” was the control group, in which the cream was applied topically after the lesion debulking procedure. In protocol “B”, the cream was applied by a dermograph twice, once after the debulking and once again after the first PDT session. Finally, the protocol “C” considered the cream application by dermograph without lesion debulking. On the 30th day after PDT, a punch biopsy (2 mm diameter) was collected to evaluate presence of residual lesions and the complete response rate (CRR) was calculated. After six months, the patients were clinically evaluated to verify possible lesion recurrence and the recurrence rate (RR) was calculated. Results: Table 1 summarizes the data, for a total of 101 treated BCC: 50 with protocol “A”, 40 with protocol “B” ad 11 with protocol “C”, respectively. Thirty days after PDT, protocol “C” was ended due to the lower CRR achieved. The result showed that despite an intradermal delivery of the cream was performed, ignoring previous debulking worsened results, showing that the debulking procedure is essential. CRR using dermograph application (protocol “B”) associated to a previous debulking had a cure rate similar to the topical application protocols (“A”)$$$ however, none of the 28 followed‐up lesions presented recurrence for protocol “B” six months after the treatment, whereas 9.52% of the lesions recurred for topical PDT (“A”). Considering the response 30 days after treatment, the patients with residual BCC confirmed by biopsy were removed from the study. The follow‐up of the remaining patients was performed as periodic clinical evaluation in order to obtain the cumulative disease‐free survival curve (Figure 1). For protocol “A”, most of the lesion recurrences were observed after 6 months of the treatment. On the other hand, for protocol “B”, the recurrence was observed immediately after treatment when it happened. By comparing protocols “A” and “B”, the later showed that except for the immediate recurrences, no further recurrence events showed up over time. This result might indicate that remaining cells in lower skin layers might have not been achieved by the topic cream application for protocol “A”, which led to recurrence lesions after a period sufficient enough for their regrowth. Conclusion: Cream delivery using a dermograph device can increase the depth of PpIX production, which favors PDT long‐term efficacy. This result can broaden PDT acceptance as a therapeutic option by the medical community since it reduced recurrence rate, and may widen the indication of the technique for thicker lesions.
Effect of trolamine (biafine) in preventing and treating radiation-induced dermal injury in head and neck carcinoma patients$$$ Objective: To observe the clinical effect of trolamine (biafine) in preventing and treating acute and chronic radiation‐induced dermal injury in the head and neck carcinoma patients. Methods: Seventy‐two patients who accepted radiotherapy were randomized into two groups: treatment group (40 cases) was given biafine cream since the first radiotherapy session to 3‐6 months after treatment while the other 32 served as control with Qingdiyou medication when general and health education program was given. Results: The rate of skin reaction was 100.0% in both groups. The radiation reaction( grade I , II, III and IV) was 37.5%, 47.5% , 5.0%, 0% in the treatment group and 18.8%, 31.2%, 34.4%, 12.5% in the control group. There was a significant difference between the two groups (P < 0.05). The skin response occurred after the patients received a dose of 40 Gy in the treatment group, obviously later than the control group (P < 0.05). The healing time of acute radiation‐induced dermal injury was 6 days in treatment group, and 11 days in control group (P < 0.05). Three to six months after radiation, the chronic dermatofibrosis was 27.5% in treatment group, obviously lower than that in the control group (68.8%) (P <0.05). Conclusion: Trolamine (biafine) cream can effectively prevent and cure acute and chronic radiation‐induced dermal injury, and significantly delay the occurrence time and reduce the healing time of acute dermal injury.
Effectiveness of Topical Niacinamide, Zinc and Magnesium combined with Doxycycline in the treatment of Acne Vulgaris in Thai female$$$ INTERVENTION: A double‐blinded, randomized, controlled, split‐face trial. Patients were asked to apply Topical Niacinamide, Zinc and Magnesium 0.4ml on one half of the face. Combined with oral doxycycline (100mg) 1 tab twice daily. This procedure was performed twice daily for 12 weeks.,Patients were asked to apply the cream base (placebo) 0.4 ml on the other half of the face twice daily. Combined with oral doxycycline (100mg) 1 tab twice daily. This procedure was performed for 12 weeks. Experimental Drug,Placebo Comparator Drug Topical Niacinamide, Zinc and Magnesium,Placebo CONDITION: Acne Vulgaris$$$ Moderate to severe Acne Vulgaris in Thai female $$$ Acne Vulgaris$$$ PRIMARY OUTCOME: Inflamed acne At 7 days, 1,2,3 months Photograph, Lesion count SECONDARY OUTCOME: Post‐inflammatory hyperpigmentation At 1,2,3 months Mexameter,Sebum reduction At 1,2,3 months Sebumeter,C. acnes At 1,2,3 months Visiopor,New inflamed acne lesion At 7 days, 1,2,3 months Photograph, lesion count,Trans epidermal water loss At 1,2,3 months Corneometer INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Thai female age 15‐25 years old 2. Moderate to severe Acne Vulgaris as IAA grading 3.No historical allergies to topical niacinamide or Zinc 4.No historical allergies to oral doxycycline 5. Patients have not to changes their cream or medications within 4 weeks prior to the study 6. Have not received oral retinoids 6 months prior to the study 7. Have not underwent comedone extraction, intralesional steroid, chemical peeling, laser resurfacing 1 month prior to the study, 8. No underlying diseases, such as polycystic ovarian syndrome, adrenal tumor 9. Not pregnant or breastfeeding
Skin cancer prevention in organ transplant recipients using topical treatment (SPOT): a randomized control trial$$$ The risk of cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma (cSCC) is increased 100‐fold in immunosuppressed populations such as organ transplant recipients (OTRs). Actinic keratoses (AKs) are potential precursors for cSCC. A recent randomized controlled trial (RCT) showed that 4 weeks of topical AK treatment with 5‐fluorouracil (5‐FU) reduced the incidence of head and neck cSCC over 12 months in immunocompetent individuals. There are no equivalent data for OTRs nor is there evidence that treating AKs at nonhead and neck sites prevents cSCC. SPOT is a phase II feasibility study addressing these questions. OTRs were recruited to a multicentre, randomized, three‐arm, openlabel trial in which topical AK treatment with 5‐FU or 5% imiquimod cream on head and neck or acral sites was compared with discretionary sunscreen use alone. Patients were randomized 1 : 1 : 1 to each arm, treatment was dose escalated according to response, and follow‐up was for 48 weeks post‐treatment. Outcome measures were primarily related to the feasibility of a phase III RCT, and also included clearance of AK, persistence of clearance and cSCC development. Eligibility criteria included stable graft function and a minimum of 10 AKs in the treatment zone(s). AK was confirmed by pretreatment biopsy of a representative lesion. AKs were documented by transparency mapping and high‐quality digital imaging. Clinically equivalent control zones were monitored for each participant. Each AK was scored for size, erythema and hyperkeratosis and a total AK burden score was calculated. Forty OTRs were randomized with a total of 568 AKs, equally assigned to head and neck vs. acral zones. Baseline patient characteristics and AK scores were similar in all arms. All feasibility outcomes were met (i.e. proportion of eligible patients willing to be randomized > 30%, completing treatment > 70%, willingness to be treated again > 70%). In total, 3 of 13 patients in the 5‐FU arm had complete AK clearance, compared with 1 of 13 in both the imiquimod and sunscreen arms. AK clearance rates for 5‐FU, imiquimod and sunscreen were 71%, 26% and 5%, respectively, for the head and neck and 50%, 23% and 19% for acral sites. The percentages of cleared AKs that remained undetectable at 12 months were 89%, 78% and 47%, respectively. One patient in the imiquimod arm developed cSCC in a treatment zone. In conclusion, this is the first RCT to compare topical AK treatment as an approach to cSCC prevention in OTRs. Feasibility outcomes indicate that a phase III trial is now justified to investigate the efficacy of AK treatments, with 5‐FU being the most promising, in OTR cSCC prevention.
Five percent 5-fluorouracil in a cream or for superficial peels in the treatment of advanced photoaging of the forearms: a randomized comparative study$$$ BACKGROUND: The antimetabolite 5‐fluorouracil (5‐FU) is used for topical treatment of actinic keratosis. Overall improvement in the skin is also observed. Additionally, 5‐FU was reported to be used for superficial peels. OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of 5% 5‐FU cream compared with peels for photodamaged forearms. METHODS: This interventional, randomized, comparative, evaluator‐blind study included 32 patients with severe photoaging of forearms. The regimens comprised either application of 5% 5‐FU cream everyday for 4 weeks on 1 forearm and 4 weekly peels on the other. Efficacy assessment included: clinical photodamage scores, opinion of patients and investigators, and blind photographic evaluation by independent observers. Skin biopsies were performed for histologic and immunohistochemical analysis. Safety evaluation comprised observation of adverse events. RESULTS: Clinical and histologic findings confirmed the benefits of topical 5% 5‐FU, in cream or peels, which improved skin appearance and decreased the dermal elastotic material. Immunohistochemistry showed reduced levels of epidermal p53 and increase in the level of procollagen I. Results were maintained after 6 months. Predictable adverse events occurred, with no differences between treatments. Patients reported better tolerability to peels. CONCLUSION: Five percent 5‐FU cream or peels was safe and effective for the treatment of photodamaged forearms. Decreased epidermal p53 levels and new dermal collagen were confirmed.
Management of female genital warts with an analog of imiquimod 2% in cream: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study$$$ The purpose of this randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled study was to determine the clinical efficacy and tolerability of an analog of imiquimod (2%)in cream to cure genital warts in women. Sixty preselected women, ranging between 18 and 45 years of age (mean 24.3) and having 411 lesions (mean 6.8) with clinical, histopathological and polymerase chain reaction (PCR) confirmed diagnosis of human papilloma virus (HPV) infection were randomized to two parallel groups. Each patient received a precoded 40‐g tube and instructions on how to apply the trial medication to their lesions at home two times daily for five consecutive days per week. The active treatment period was six weeks. Patients were evaluated on a weekly basis. A clinically and PCR established total clearance of target warts was recorded as a cure. By the end of the treatment, 43.3% of patients and 42.8% of warts were cured. Code disclosure revealed that imiquimod cream had cured 83.3% of the treated patients and 84.3% of the tested warts, while the placebo healed one subject and four warts (p < 0.0001). Eight patients (13.3%) in the imiquimod group experienced mild to moderate, non‐objective, drug‐induced symptoms with no dropouts. Among the 26 cured patients, five had a relapse after 11 months. In conclusion, the data presented demonstrate that 2% imiquimod in cream with mild to moderate subjective side effects is significantly more effective than placebo in eliminating genital warts in women.
Treatment of acute reflex sympathetic dystrophy with DMSO 50% in a fatty cream$$$ Acute Reflex Sympathetic Dystrophy (acute RSD) was defined using a reproducible classification. Elevated temperature of the affected extremity ("calor"), measured by the dorsal side of the observer's hand and mentioned by the patient, pain ("dolor") measured by the Visual Analogue Scale (VAS), redness ("rubor"), edema ("tumor") and limited active range of motion ("functio laesa"), all contributed to the classification system. Patients scoring 4 to 5 positive symptoms were considered to have acute RSD. A prospective, randomized and double blind study was performed in 32 patients, all suffering from acute RSD. In all of these patients the primary injury was the result of a previous accident. One patient was taken out of the study because of his surgery. The study involved treatment with a fatty cream with 50% dimethyl sulfoxide (DMSO, group A), or without DMSO (placebo, group B), both for 2 months. All patients received physiotherapy applied within pain limits. Application of the creams resulted in both groups in an improvement of RSD‐scores and VAS‐scores after 2 months. However, the improvement of the RSD score in patients of group A (DMSO‐group) was significantly (P < 0.01) better compared to group B. The results suggest a certain activity of DMSO 50% cream in patients suffering from RSD and is, therefore, recommendable.
Abstracts$$$ Actinic keratoses (AK) are areas of sun‐damaged skin found mainly on parts of the body which have received lots of sun exposure. At first, they can be hard to see, and are more easily felt, being rough, like sandpaper. They may grow to a centimetre or two in diameter. Up to 20% of AKs may progress to a type of skin cancer called squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) within 10 to 25 years. One treatment option is a type of photodynamic therapy called Daylight photodynamic therapy (DL‐PDT) in which a cream, containing a 'photosensitiser', is applied to the lesion (affected area of skin). This photosensitiser is, by itself, inactive. However, when light of a certain wavelength shines onto skin to which the photosensitiser has been applied, the photosensitiser is activated and the treatment kills the abnormal cells in the skin. This study aimed to compare the efficacy (how well it works), tolerability (including pain and side effects) and cost‐effectiveness of two types of photosensitizer, called BF‐200 ALA and MAL. Altogether 69 patients with a total of 767 AKs located symmetrically on the face or scalp were treated at three centres in Finland. A single session of DL‐PDT was given in a randomized split‐face design, i.e. one half of the face was treated with one photosensitizer and the other half of the face with the other. The results were assessed at 12 months after treatment by a blinded observer, meaning they did not know which treatment was used on each side. The authors found out that BF‐200 ALA cleared significantly more AKs than MAL (79.7% vs. 73.5%). When comparing the half‐faces per single patient, the clearance of AKs was significantly better for the BF‐200 ALA treated sides than for those treated with MAL. The patient‐reported pain during the light treatment was low for both photosensitizers with no significant difference between them. The treatment‐related skin reactions a week after DL‐PDT were stronger on the sides treated with BF‐200 ALA. The cosmetic outcome (meaning how it looked) at 12 months was excellent or good in >90% of cases with both photosensitizers. The costs of DL‐PDT were similar for both photosensitizers, but the effectiveness was slightly higher for BF‐200 ALA. The authors conclude that BF‐200 ALA is more effective and provides slightly better value for money than MAL in DL‐PDT for mild and moderate AKs.
Comparing efficacy and safety of potassium hydroxide 5% solution with 5-fluorouracil cream in patients with actinic keratoses: a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Actinic keratosis (AK) is a pre‐cancerous skin lesion, associated with development of squamous cell carcinoma. Current treatment options are limited. Objectives: To compare the efficacy and safety of topical 5‐fluorouracil cream (5‐FU) and potassium hydroxide 5% (KOH) in the treatment of AK. Methods: Eighteen patients with AK applied KOH solution or 5‐FU on each side of their scalp/face, randomly. The efficacy and safety of these treatments were compared. Results: Thirteen (118 lesions) and ten (83 lesions) patients were successfully followed for one and three months, respectively. After one month, KOH showed a better clinical response (81% vs. 58%$$$ p‐value = 0.007) and dermoscopic response (KOH, 65% vs. 5‐FU, 46%$$$ p‐value = 0.04)$$$ while no differences were noted after three months (clinical response, 83% vs.70%, p‐value = 0.1$$$ dermoscopic response, 76% vs. 59%, p‐value = 0.1). No significant differences in the recurrence rate of the lesion between the two groups were noted at the end of the third month (p‐value = 0.5). Regarding the safety of the treatments, the risk of developing erythema, scaling, sand swelling was higher in 5‐FU group (p‐value < 0.0001, for all), while more patients in KOH group had erosion and ulcer (p‐value < 0.001 for both). KOH was up to 96% less expensive than 5‐FU. Limitations: Low number of patients and short‐term follow‐up limited the analysis. Conclusion: KOH solution offers a faster and less expensive resolution of AK lesions than does 5‐FU. Clinical Trial Code (IRCT.ir): IRCT20180909040978N1.
Imiqimod in clinical practice$$$ Imiquimod 5% cream is a new compound which modifies the immune response by stimulating the production of interferon alpha and other cytokines. It has shown remarkable promise in the treatment of external genital and perianal warts when applied overnight, three times a week. It is also associated with a lower recurrence than those found with other current treatments. This paper reviews two of the pivotal multi‐centre studies which confirm its efficacy in human papilloma virus (HPV) infections. These studies compared the effectiveness and safety of imiquimod 1% cream, imiquimod 5% cream and vehicle cream in the treatment of external anogenital warts.
Actinic keratosis induces angiogenesis$$$ Actinic keratosis (AK) is a common precancerosis of the skin and needs to be treated due to the risk to progress into invasive carcinoma. There are increasingly numerous, different topical therapies available, but persistence and recurrence of lesions is a common problem. It is difficult to predict lesions on risk and in the literature prospective studies are exceedingly rare. It was the aim of this prospective study to analyze and correlate the parameters clinical score, histological grading, lymph and blood angiogenesis, inflammation, p53 expression, Ki67 positivity and lesion persistence in AK lesions. Therefore four punch biopsies were taken from each of the 61 patients. These patients were then randomly assigned to topical treatment with either imiquimod or tretinoinum/ carbamidum cream for 90 days and followed up until day 180. Nine patients were lost to follow up. From the 191 evaluated lesions 17 lesions persisted and were re‐biopsied on day 180. Lesion persistence correlated with the clinical score at day 1, but only by trend with a higher histological grade. The histological grading correlated with an increased lymph and blood vessel density. Lesion persistence was 3/97 in the imiquimod and 14/94 in tretinoinum/ carbamidum cream group (P <0.05). In conclusion, AK induces a very early angiogenic response to keratinocyte dedifferentiation. Due to the low AK persistence rate of 8,9%, the predictive potential of this parameter requires further studies.
Topical 5-fluorouracil improves the appearance of pigmented facial lesions in older caucasian men$$$ Background: Global photo‐numeric aging scales have not detected a change in facial photodamage after a course of topical 5‐fluorouracil (5‐FU). The objective of this study is to determine the effect of 5‐FU on pigmented lesions using the validated Facial Pigmented Lesion Scale (FPLS). Methods: Patients were enrolled in the nationwide Veterans Affairs Keratinocyte Carcinoma Chemoprevention trial, a randomized controlled study receiving a placebo, vehiclecontrolled cream or a standard course of 5‐FU to the face and ears. Photographs of patients were taken at baseline and every 6 months. Two blinded reviewers graded baseline and 12‐month photographs of patients using the FPLS. Subjects with marked pigmented AKs or clinical seborrheic keratosis were excluded from analysis. Results: 4 of 12 participating sites were analyzed this study because all participants at these sites had AKs clinically marked. 348 subjects were enrolled, of which 111 met inclusion criteria. Baseline to 12‐month darkness of facial pigmented lesions showed lightening of lesions in the 5‐FU (‐0.45), but not control (‐0.15) group (p<.01). There was no significant difference in the extent of facial pigmented lesions in 5‐FU (‐0.14) vs control (‐0.06). Conclusion: A single 2‐4 week course of topical 5‐FU lightens pigmented facial lesions in treated skin.
Mucosal integrity and inflammatory markers in the female lower genital tract as potential screening tools for vaginal microbicides$$$ BACKGROUND: In the female genital tract, vaginal colposcopy, endometrial mucosal integrity and inflammatory mediators are potential in vivo biomarkers of microbicide and contraceptive safety. STUDY DESIGN: A randomized, blinded crossover trial of 18 subjects comparing effects of nonoxynol‐9 vaginal gel (Gynol II$$$ putative inflammatory gel), hydroxyethyl cellulose gel (HEC$$$ putative inert gel) and no gel exposure on endometrial and vaginal epithelial integrity and endometrial and vaginal inflammatory markers [interleukin (IL) 1β, IL‐6, IL‐8, MCP‐1, MIP‐1α, MIP‐1β, RANTES, tumor necrosis factor α, IL‐1RA, IL‐10, SLPI). RESULTS: Gynol II was associated with more vaginal lesions. No endometrial disruptions were observed across conditions. In the vagina, RANTES (p=.055) and IL‐6 (p=.04) were higher after HEC exposure than at baseline. In the endometrium, IL‐1β (p=.003) and IL‐8 (p=.025) were lower after Gynol II cycles than after no gel. CONCLUSIONS: Gynol II and HEC may modulate inflammatory markers in the vagina and endometrium. How these changes relate to infection susceptibility warrants further study.
A double-blind, randomised, placebo-controlled trial of emla cream (Eutectic lidocaine/prilocaine cream) for analgesia prior to cryotherapy of plantar warts in adults$$$ Introduction: Cryotherapy with liquid nitrogen is an effective, safe and convenient form of treatment for plantar warts. EMLA cream (eutectic mixture of lidocaine 2.5% and prilocaine 2.5%) is a topical local anaesthetic agent that has proven to be effective and well tolerated in the relief of pain associated with various minor interventions in numerous clinical settings. Materials and Methods: In a single‐centre, double‐blind, randomised placebo‐controlled study, 64 subjects were randomised into 2 groups. The subjects had a thick layer of EMLA cream or placebo cream applied to pared plantar wart(s) and onto the surrounding margin of 1 mm to 2 mm under occlusion for 60 minutes prior to receiving cryotherapy. The pain of cryotherapy was evaluated by the subjects using a self‐administered Visual Analogue Scale (VAS) immediately after the cryotherapy. Results: There was no statistical difference between the mean VAS score for EMLA cream (47.0 +/‐ 21.4 mm) and placebo (48.9 +/‐ 22.0 mm). Those with more than 1 wart had a signifi cantly higher VAS score than those with only 1 wart (59.1 +/‐ 21.8 vs. 44.3 +/‐ 20.4, P <0.05) but this did not affect the therapeutic effect of EMLA cream prior to cryotherapy. Conclusion: We conclude that the application of EMLA cream prior to cryotherapy does not reduce the pain associated with cryotherapy.
Treatment of genital warts with an immune-response modifier (imiquimod)$$$ BACKGROUND: Genital warts are a common sexually transmitted disease caused by human papillomavirus. Imiquimod is a novel immune‐response modifier capable of inducing a variety of cytokines, including interferon alfa, tumor necrosis factor‐alpha, as well as interleukins 1, 6, and 8. In animal models imiquimod has demonstrated antiviral, antitumor, and adjuvant activity. In vitro, imiquimod has no antiviral or antitumor activity. OBJECTIVE: Our purpose was to determine the safety and efficacy of topical imiquimod for the treatment of external genital warts. METHODS: This prospective double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, parallel design clinical trial was performed in three outpatient centers, a public health clinic, a university‐based clinic, and a private practice. One hundred eight patients with external genital warts (predominantly white men) were entered into the trial. Fifty‐one patients were randomly selected to receive 5% imiquimod cream$$$ 57 patients were randomly chosen to receive placebo cream. Study medication was applied three times weekly for up to 8 weeks. Patients whose warts cleared completely were observed for up to 10 weeks to determine recurrence rates. RESULTS: In the intent‐to‐treat analysis, the warts of 37% (19 of 51) of the imiquimod‐treated patients and 0% (0 of 57) of the placebo group cleared completely (p < 0.001). In addition, many patients experienced a partial response. A reduction in baseline wart area of 80% or more was observed in 62% of imiquimod‐treated patients (28 of 45) and 4% of the placebo group (2 of 50) (p < 0.001)$$$ a 50% reduction or more in wart area was noted in 76% of imiquimod‐treated patients (34 of 45) and 8% of placebo recipients (4 of 50) (p < 0.001). Of imiquimod‐treated patients whose warts cleared completely and who finished the 10‐week follow‐up period, 19% (3 of 16) experienced recurrences of warts. Imiquimod‐treated patients experienced a significantly greater number of local inflammatory reactions than the placebo group. Symptoms and signs associated with the local inflammatory reactions included itching (54.2%), erythema (33.3%), burning (31.3%), irritation (16.7%), tenderness (12.5%), ulceration (10.4%), erosion (10.4%), and pain (8.3%). There were no differences in systemic reactions or laboratory abnormalities between treatment groups. CONCLUSION: Topical 5% imiquimod cream appears to have a significant therapeutic effect in the treatment of external genital warts.
The combination treatment of Botulinum toxin and ablative fractional CO2 lasering to prevent scar formation after thyroidectomy and removal of neck mass$$$ INTERVENTION: Drug, Procedure/Surgery : Group A: Normal saline injection$$$ Inject 0.2 cc of saline 4mL into the subcutaneous layer and muscle layer of the surgical incision using a 31 gauge needle at 1cm intervals. Group B: Botulinum toxin$$$ After completely dissolving 50 units of botulinum toxin in 4mL of 0.9% saline, 0.2 cc (2.5U) is injected at intervals of 1cm into the subcutaneous layer and muscle layer (wide neck root) of the surgical incision site using a 31 gauge needle. Group C: Botulinum toxin and LASER$$$ After completely dissolving 50 units of botulinum toxin in 4mL of 0.9% saline, 0.2 cc (2.5U) is injected at intervals of 1cm into the subcutaneous layer and muscle layer (wide neck root) of the surgical incision site using a 31 gauge needle. After 3 and 5 weeks, apply local anesthetic ointment (Emra 5% cream_lidocaine prilocaine) to the area to be laser treated and wait for 5 minutes. After that, in a comfortable lying position, the LASER is evenly irradiated with a spot size of 300 tips for 3 minutes on the wounded area. After that, the laser‐irradiated skin area is disinfected again and the procedure is finished. CONDITION: Endocrine, nutritional and metabolic diseases PRIMARY OUTCOME: Vancouver scar scale (VSS) SECONDARY OUTCOME: Global assessment score (GAS) INCLUSION CRITERIA: Participant who is scheduled to undergo thyroid or tumor in neck through a cervical skin incision, and who heard the explanation of this clinical trial, voluntarily decided to participate and sign it.
Comparative Study between Talcum and Zinc Oxide Cream for the Prevention of Irritant Contact Diaper Dermatitis in Infants$$$ Background: Baby powder which consists of talcum powder (magnesium silicate) as an active ingredient has been popularly used for prevention of irritant contact diaper dermatitis for a long time because it has water absorbent and friction‐decreased properties. There are some case reports of its side effects of pulmonary complication from massive inhalation and the risk of ovarian tumors in adult. However the clinical research on the effectiveness of talcum powder for the prevention of diaper dermatitis has not been investigated. Objective: To compare the effectiveness between talcum powder with topical zinc oxide cream for the prevention of irritant diaper dermatitis. Materials and Method: Fifty Thai infants at the age of 6‐12 months old were randomized. Either topical talcum powder or zinc oxide cream was topically applied to their skin before changing new diapers. The follow‐up were conducted at week 0, 2 and 8 to evaluate an occurrence of diaper dermatitis and to collect the median time‐to‐event data (the duration of disease occurrence). The clinical severity was assessed by using diaper dermatitis severity scoring scale and the side effects were recorded. Results: The average age of the infants was 8.8 months old. The incidence of irritant contact diaper dermatitis from the talcum group was 4 per 1,000 persons‐day (95% confidence interval, 95% CI: 2‐7) while the incidence of diaper dermatitis from the zinc oxide group was 2 per 1,000 persons‐day (95% CI: 1‐5). The median time‐to‐event outcome of diaper dermatitis for the talcum group was 19 days (interquartile range, IQR: 7‐29) which was earlier than that of zinc oxide group, which was 39 days (IQR: 30‐59). This showed statistically significant difference (p = 0.03, Log rank test). The average of disease duration of the talcum group (mean + SD) was 2.7+0.5 days whereas that of the zinc oxide group was 3.7+3.3 days. There is no significant difference between the two groups (p = 0.34). Most of the severity of the disease found in both groups is mild. The risk evaluation of diaper dermatitis at week 8, determined by using Cox proportional hazard analysis showed that the talcum group had 5.3 times greater risk than the zinc oxide group (hazard ratio, HR$$$ 5.3, 95% confidence interval, CI: 1.4‐20.0), with significant group difference (p = 0.01). There was no adverse effect detected on both groups. Conclusion: Topical zinc oxide cream was better than talcum powder for the prevention of irritant contact diaper dermatitis.
Safety studies of topical imiquimod 5% cream on normal skin exposed to ultraviolet radiation$$$ BACKGROUND: Imiquimod 5% topical cream is an immune response modifier that induces interferon alpha and interleukin‐12, and exhibits antiviral and tumor‐inhibiting properties. It is currently available for treatment of genital and perianal warts. Three randomized, open‐label or assessor‐blinded, placebo‐controlled studies were carried out to assess its safety on normal white skin exposed to ultraviolet radiation (UVR). METHODS: Healthy white volunteer adult subjects between the ages of 18 and 60 years with skin types I, II or III (Fitzpatrick Scale, US Federal Register 43:38260, 1978) were invited to participate. Imiquimod 5% cream (each dose approximately 0.1‐0.2 ml) was compared with placebo cream. Two preliminary studies assessed the potential photosensitizing properties of the drug, and the third study added measurement of sunburn cell counts (SBC) and deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) pyrimidine dimer (PD) formation. The three studies were: a 6‐week standard photocontact allergenicity bioassay$$$ a 4‐day standard phototoxicity bioassay$$$ and a 4‐week photodamage study using biopsy sample analyses to determine SBC or PD frequency. RESULTS: Imiquimod had no detectable potential for inducing either photocontact allergy (n=115) or phototoxicity (n=20). The final study further assessing photodamage potential of imiquimod included 44 subjects. There were no significant differences between imiquimod vs. the control (no drug+UVB) for SBC counts (mean 0.88 vs. 0.93), or PD frequency (mean 60.86 vs. 70.03). CONCLUSIONS: Results from the two preliminary safety studies suggest that imiquimod 5% cream does not possess a detectable photosensitizing potential in humans. Furthermore, topical imiquimod did not enhance UVR‐induced damage to epidermal cells or DNA.
Imiquimod 5% cream for 12 weeks treating superficial BCC$$$ Objective: To determine the efficacy and safety of imiquimod 5% cream for superficial BCC at various dosing frequencies. Study Design: Multicenter, randomized, blinded, vehicle controlled dose response study. Patients: 128 male and female patients, each with a single, primary, biopsy confimred superficial BCC measuring 0.5 to 2 cm2. Treatment: Patients applied a thin layer of study cream to tumor and surrounding 1cm for 12 weeks at one of the prescribed dosing frequencies: twice daily, once daily, 5 days per week (Mon‐Fri), or 3 days per week (Mon/Wed/Fri). Evaluations: Efficacy was evaluated using complete surgical excision and thorough histological processing of the target tumor site 6 weeks after study drug treatment. Patients with no histological evidence of BCC were considered clear. Safety was evaluated at each treatment visit using investigator assessments and adverse events reports. Results: Intent ‐to ‐treat clearance rates of 100% (10/10), 87% (27/31), 81% (21/26), and 52% (15/29) were observed for the twice‐daily, once daily, 5days/week and 3 days/week dose groups, respectively, with a vehicle response rate of 19% (6/32). Local reactions were common, mostly mild or moderate, and well tolerated by patients dosing daily or less frequently. Conclusions: Imiquimod 5% cream is efficacious and safe for treating superficial BC, particularly when used daily or 5 days/week.
Enhancement of the innate and cellular immune response in patients with genital warts treated with topical imiquimod cream 5%$$$ The mechanism of action of imiquimod 5% cream applied topically to patients with genital warts was evaluated in a double‐blind, placebo‐controlled study. Imiquimod (16 patients) or placebo (three patients) was applied three times per week for up to 16 weeks. All imiquimod‐treated patients had a > or =75% reduction in total wart area while only one of three placebo‐treated patients had a similar reduction. Wart biopsies were taken at prestudy, week 6, and end of treatment. Polymerase chain reaction (PCR) for human papillomavirus (HPV) DNA and reverse transcriptase (RT)‐PCR for messenger (m)RNAs were used to identify cytokines, cellular markers, viral gene products, and cell cycle markers in these biopsies. Treatment with imiquimod, an immune response modifier, stimulated significant increases in mRNA for interferon (IFN)‐alpha, IFN‐gamma and 2',5' oligoadenylate synthetase (2',5'‐AS) as well as a tendency towards increases in tumor necrosis factor (TNF)‐alpha and interleukin‐12 p40. Significant increases in mRNA for CD4 and a trend toward increases in CD8 were also observed in imiquimod‐treated patients, suggesting activation of a cell mediated immune response. Imiquimod administration was also associated with a significant decrease in viral load as measured by HPV DNA and L1 mRNA. The effects on HPV markers were accompanied by an apparent decrease in mRNA expression for markers of cell proliferation and an increase in mRNA for markers of keratinocyte differentiation and tumor suppressors.
206 Sun protective behaviors and development of keratinocyte carcinomas in high-risk patients in the VAKCC (Veterans Affairs Keratinocyte Carcinoma Chemoprevention) Trial$$$ Basal and squamous cell carcinoma (BCC and SCC) are the most common skin cancers in the United States. Sunscreen has been shown to decrease rates of SCC. We sought to assess whether self‐reported sun protective behaviors were associated with the development of a subsequent BCC and SCC, and to determine if sunscreen use was impacted by topical 5‐fluorouracil (5‐FU) use. We studied a high‐risk population of veterans enrolled in the Veterans Affairs Keratinocyte Carcinoma Chemoprevention Trial (VAKCC) who had at least 2 keratinocyte carcinomas (KCs) in the 5 years prior to enrollment. Participants (n=932) were randomized to apply topical 5‐FU or vehicle control cream to the face and ears. We used data about whether participants wore a hat, sunglasses, SPF on the face, and SPF on the ears while outside from self‐reported questionnaires every 6 months for the duration of the trial. There was no difference in sun protective practices between the treatment and control groups for the duration of the study. There was no association between any of the sun protective practices and development of a subsequent BCC or SCC. While these results show no associations, we believe counseling and encouraging patients to use sunscreen and other sun protection measures will ultimately reduce UV‐related conditions, including KCs.
Effect of vaginal estrogen on asymptomatic microhematuria: a randomized controlled trial$$$ Introduction: The American Urological Association (AUA) guidelines recommend an extensive workup for asymptomatic microhematuria (AMH), without regard for gender‐specific risk factors for hematuria. Menopause is a decreased estrogen state associated with friable changes in the genitourinary tissues. The effects of menopause and its treatment on AMH are unknown. The purpose of this study was to determine if vaginal estrogen use is associated with resolution of AMH in postmenopausal women. Methods: This was a randomized double‐ blind trial of vaginal estrogen cream versus placebo in postmenopausal women with AMH. Funding was provided by Pfizer Inc. through an investigator‐initiated grant. Eligible patients were postmenopausal women with AMH on a single urinalysis$$$ these patients were randomized to vaginal estrogen or placebo cream while undergoing the recommended hematuria workup per AUA guidelines. The primary outcome was resolution of AMH after 8 weeks of cream use, with vaginal atrophy scores being a secondary outcome. Sample size calculation determined that 56 patients in each group would achieve an 81% power to detect a difference between the group proportions of 15%. Results: A total of 27 patients were enrolled with 13 and 14 in the placebo and estrogen arms respectively before the study was stopped due to poor recruitment. Three patients in the placebo arm and 4 in the estrogen arm did not complete follow‐up. There were no significant differences between groups with regard to age, BMI, ethnicity, years since menopause, prior use of hormonal therapy or smoking. The majority of patients had prolapse stage 2 or less. History of smoking did not affect AMH resolution. Although a significant difference could not be seen, more patients in the estrogen group as compared to placebo had resolution of AMH, 10 (71%) and 6 (46%) respectively. Atrophy scores appeared to improve in both groups. On hematuria workup, one patient was found to have a renal mass determined to be papillary renal cell carcinoma upon resection. Conclusion: Because the study did not complete enrollment the lack of significance of many findings is difficult to interpret. While estrogen is known to decrease friability of genitourinary tissues, it is unclear from the results of this study whether vaginal estrogen use is associated with AMH resolution. Until further research is done, a trial of vaginal cream should not delay a complete hematuria workup.
A review of the treatment options for skin rash induced by EGFR-targeted therapies: evidence from randomized clinical trials and a meta-analysis$$$ BACKGROUND: Agents targeting the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) are amongst the most extensively used of the targeted agents in the therapy of some of the most common solid tumors. Although they avoid many of the classic side effects associated with cytotoxic chemotherapy, they are associated with unpleasant cutaneous toxicities which can affect treatment compliance and impinge on patient quality of life. To date, despite a plethora of consensus recommendations, expert opinions and reviews, there is a paucity of evidence‐based guidance for the management of the skin rash that occurs in the treatment of patients receiving EGFR‐targeted therapies. METHODS: A literature search was conducted as a first step towards investigating not only an evidence‐based approach to the management of skin rash, but also with a view to designing future randomized trials. RESULTS: The literature search identified seven randomized trials and a meta‐analysis was conducted using the data from four of these trials involving oral antibiotics. The meta‐analysis of the data from these four trials suggests that prophylactic antibiotics might reduce the relative risk of severe rash associated with EGFR‐targeted agents by 42‐77%. Vitamin K cream was also identified as having a potential role in the management EGFR‐targeted agent induced rash. CONCLUSIONS: This review and meta‐analysis clearly identify the need for further randomized studies of the role of oral antibiotics in this setting. The results of the ongoing randomized trials of the topical application of vitamin K cream plus or minus doxycycline and employing prophylactic versus reactive strategies are eagerly awaited.
Vaccine Adjuvant Systems containing monophosphoryl lipid A and QS-21 induce strong humoral and cellular immune responses against hepatitis B surface antigen which persist for at least 4 years after vaccination$$$ Background: Recombinant hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) was used as a model antigen to evaluate persistence of cellular and humoral immune responses when formulated with three different Adjuvant Systems containing 3‐O‐desacyl‐4'‐monophosphoryl lipid A (MPL) and QS‐21, in an oil‐in‐water emulsion (AS02B and AS02V), or with liposomes (AS01B). Methods: This is an open, 4‐year follow‐up of a previous randomised, double‐blind study. Healthy subjects aged 18‐40 years received three vaccine doses on a month 0, 1, 10 schedule and were initially followed for 18 months. A total of 93 subjects (AS02B: n=30$$$ AS02V: n=28$$$ AS01B: n=35) were enrolled in this follow‐up and had an additional blood sample taken at Year 4 (NCT02153320). The primary endpoint was the frequency of HBsAg‐specific CD4+ and CD8+ T‐cells expressing cytokines upon short‐term in vitro stimulation of peripheral blood mononuclear cells with HBsAg‐derived peptides. Secondary endpoints were anti‐HBs antibody titres and frequency of HBsAg‐specific memory B‐cells. Results: A strong and persistent specific CD4+ T‐cell response was observed at Year 4 in all groups. HBsAg‐specific CD4+ T‐cells expressed mainly CD40L and IL‐2, and to a lesser extent TNF‐α and IFN‐γ. HBsAg‐specific CD8+ T‐cells were not detected in any group. A high, persistent HBsAg‐specific humoral immune response was observed in all groups, with all subjects seroprotected (antibody titre ≥10mIU/mL) at Year 4. The geometric mean antibody titre at Year 4 was above 100,000mIU/mL in all groups. A strong memory B‐cell response was observed post‐dose 2, which tended to increase post‐dose 3 and persisted at Year 4 in all groups. Conclusion: The MPL/QS‐21/HBsAg vaccine formulations induced persistent immune responses up to 4 years after first vaccination. These Adjuvant Systems offer potential for combination with recombinant, synthetic or highly purified subunit vaccines, particularly for vaccination against challenging diseases, or in specific populations, although additional studies are needed.
Imiquimod combined with photodynamic therapy for hypertrophic scars: immune response and prognosis$$$ BACKGROUND: Hyperplasia scar is caused by dermal fibrosis due to fibroblast proliferation, uncontrolled growth and excessive collagen deposition. photodynamic therapy and imiquimod can inhibit fibroplasia. Imiquimod can further increase cell apoptosis and reduce the proliferation activity of fibroblasts by activating the immune response system. OBJECTIVE: To study the effect of imiquimod combined with photodynamic therapy on the immune response and prognosis of patients with hypertrophic scars. METHODS: A total of 110 patients with hypertrophic scars admitted to Shijiazhuang People’s Hospital from December 2017 to March 2020 were enrolled and randomly divided into a control group and a study group, with 55 patients in each group. Patients in the control group were given photodynamic therapy (every 10 days, four times in total) and those in the study group were treated with imiquimod cream (once a day for continuous 3 months) based on photodynamic therapy. The Vancouver Scar Scale was used to evaluate scar changes on day 2 after treatment. Clinical efficacy was evaluated and compared between the two groups of patients. The serum levels of interferon‐γ, tumor necrosis factor‐α, interleukin‐2 and interleukin‐6 were determined by enzyme‐linked immunosorbent assay before and after treatment. The immunoturbidimetric method was used to determine the serum levels of IgA, IgG, and IgM in the two groups of patients. The occurrence of adverse reactions was recorded in the two groups. RESULTS AND CONCLUSION: (1) Before treatment, there was no significant difference in softness, thickness, blood vessel distribution, and color score between the two groups (P > 0.05). After treatment, the softness, thickness, blood vessel distribution and color scores of the two groups were significantly reduced, and the above‐mentioned scores in the study group were significantly lower than those in the control group (P < 0.001). (2) The clinical response rate of the study group was 96%, which was significantly higher than that of the control group (78%$$$ P < 0.05). (3) Before treatment, there were no significant differences in the serum levels of interferon‐γ, tumor necrosis factor‐α, interleukin‐2 and interleukin‐6 between the two groups (P > 0.05). After treatment, the serum levels of interferon‐γ, tumor necrosis factor‐α, interleukin‐2 and interleukin‐6 were significantly reduced in the two groups, and the levels of the above‐mentioned indicators in the study group were significantly lower than those in the control group (P < 0.001). (4) Before treatment, there was no significant difference in serum IgA, IgG and IgM levels between the two groups (P > 0.05). After treatment, the serum levels of IgA, IgG and IgM increased significantly in the two groups, and the serum levels of IgA, IgG and IgM in the study group were significantly higher than those in the control group (P < 0.05). (5) The total adverse reaction rate in the control group was 13%, which was significantly higher than that of the study group (2%$$$ P < 0.05). (6) To conclude, imiquimod combined with photodynamic therapy has a good effect in the treatment of hypertrophic scars, which can significantly reduce inflammatory responses, improve immune function, and have fewer adverse reactions in such patients.
VIMANG®: mangifera indica L. EXTRACT AS DERMATOLOGICAL PROTECTOR during RADIATION TREATMENT$$$ Introduction: The radiodermitis is an illness of the skin that affects the patients that have maintained exposed any area of the body to the action of the radiations ionizantes emitted by the equipment of radio diagnosis or therapeutic treatments. It is classified as acute or chronicle diseases. The incidence during the treatment with radiations of the wicked tumors varies among the 20‐80%. Material and Methods: A total of 83 patients were studied in relationship to effectiveness and security of the Vimang® cream like part of open, randomized clinical trial phase II. During the treatment with radiotherapy, the patients were divided in two groups, one with 41 cases, tried with the cream Vimang® and another with 43 individuals that used the local hygienic measures, according to the established protocols. In the studied sample, the 60‐69 year‐old ages prevailed (36.14%), the masculine sex (57.83%) and the white race with 50 cases (60.24%). The radiation dose more frequently received was 200 cGy, as daily total dose (DTD) and 50 Gy, as total dose of the tumor (DTT). Results: One case presented radiodermitis in the group tried with the Vimang® cream, while they happened seven cases in the control group. One patient belonging to the group tried with the cream was reported as radiodermitis degree I, without necessity of suspending the radiant treatment and the lesions disappeared with the continuous use of the cream. All the patients of the group control, showed radiodermitis degree II and the radiotherapy were suspended in a case. An individual tried with Vimang®, presented as adverse event, pruritus degree I in the first week, and it disappeared with the time, without necessity of suspending the treatment. Conclusions: The Vimang® cream diminished the radiodermitis appearance, what suggests the possibilities of its use as dermatologic protective drug.
Short sharp shock or slow burn: immunocompromised patient perspectives on treatment of actinic keratoses with 5-fluorouracil 5% cream monotherapy versus 5- fluorouracil/calcipotriol ointment combination therapy$$$ Actinic keratoses (AK) are a common problem in immunocompromised patients and are associated with an increased risk of cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma (cSCC). The current standard of care is 5‐fluorouracil 5% cream (5‐FU) monotherapy for 4 weeks. However, 5‐FU cream and calcipotriol ointment (5‐FU‐Cal) combination therapy for 4‐ 6 days may be more effective, although the original randomized controlled trials (2017/2019) excluded immunosuppressed patients. We surveyed immunosuppressed patients' experiences of using both 5‐FU monotherapy and combination 5‐FU‐Cal to evaluate their perspectives on real‐world use of both topical AK treatments. Immunosuppressed patients attending specialist dermatology clinics who had received combination 5‐FU‐Cal over the past 12 months for treatment of AK and had previously been treated with at least one course of 5‐FU monotherapy were identified in three specialist centres. We administered a clinician‐delivered, structured questionnaire, which included details of previous therapy for AK and skin cancer history. Patients were asked about experience with combination 5‐FU‐Cal vs. 5‐FU monotherapy in terms of convenience of use, effectiveness, severity and duration of local skin reactions (LSRs) and preferences for AK treatment. A total of 32 immunosuppressed patients were surveyed (25 men and seven women$$$ mean age 66 years). This included organ transplant recipients (n = 28)$$$ patients with chronic lymphocytic leukaemia (n = 3)$$$ and one patient with Crohn disease on azathioprine (n = 1). Twenty‐seven (84%) had a history of skin cancer. All had previously used 5‐FU and 31 of 32 (97%) had received at least one other intervention for AK (cryotherapy, n = 28$$$ surgery, n = 18$$$ 5‐FU/salicylic acid cutaneous solution, n = 11$$$ imiquimod, n = 6$$$ ingenol mebutate, n = 3$$$ diclofenac gel, n = 2$$$ photodynamic therapy, n = 4). Most patients (n = 26/32$$$ 81%) reported that combination 5‐FU‐Cal was more effective than 5‐FU monotherapy. LSRs for 5‐FU‐Cal vs. 5‐FU monotherapy were reported as more severe in 15 of 32 (47%), equivalent in eight of 32 (25%) and less severe in seven of 32 (22%). The duration of LSR with 5‐FU‐Cal vs. 5‐FU monotherapy was reported as shorter in 17 of 32 (53%), equivalent in nine of 32 (28%) and longer in four of 32 (12%). Overall, 28 of 32 (87%) preferred combination 5‐FU‐Cal vs. 5‐FU monotherapy. This is the first evaluation of patient perspectives on the use of combination 5‐FU‐Cal in immunocompromised patients. The majority (81%) found that that combination 5‐ FU‐Cal was more effective than 5‐FU monotherapy and, despite 47% reporting worse LSRs, most would prefer to use the 5‐FU‐Cal combination in the future. These data provide a rationale for the inclusion of combination 5‐FU‐Cal therapy in future studies using topical AK treatments for cSCC prevention in immunosuppressed individuals.
Repeated Measures Analyses of the Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE v3.0)-Based Dermatitis Toxicities in Breast Cancer Patients Receiving Radiotherapy in a Phase III Randomized Trial of Mometasone Furoate, N06c4 (Alliance)$$$ Purpose: The evolution of dermatological symptoms over time as measured by provider‐assessed Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events version 3.0 (CTCAE v3.0) and patient‐reported outcomes (PROs) is not well quantified. Using repeated measures analyses, we analyzed the data from the originally published N06C4 prospective trial and present here the CTCAE‐based temporal profile of acute skin toxicities, when time factor was considered. The PRO results were previously reported (Abstract, ASTRO 2013, TT Sio and RC Miller et al). Patients and Methods: A total of 176 breast cancer patients (including ductal carcinoma in situ) undergoing external beam radiotherapy (RT) to the breast or chest wall were randomized to receive daily mometasone or placebo cream. Temporal symptoms were assessed for up to 10 cycles$$$ the provider‐reported CTCAEs, including radiation (XRT)‐induced dermatitis, pruritus, skin burn, skin disorder, skin striae, skin hypopigmentation, skin atrophy, and skin infection, were collected. The analyzed groups included XRT‐induced dermatitis, dermatitis‐related symptoms (seven items, excluding XRT‐induced dermatitis), and worst dermatitis‐related symptoms (eight items included). We applied repeated measures analyses of variance with mixed models (Proc Mixed), Pearson’s correlation, and risk analyses methodologies. Adverse event (AE) grades were modeled using arm and cycle as classification variables with interaction effects. A maximum grade of any dermatitis‐related symptom was calculated per patient per evaluation cycle. Results: One hundred sixty‐nine (96%) patients were evaluable for toxicity. CTCAE symptoms typically started during Cycles 3 and 4, peaked between Cycles 4 and 7, and subsided after Cycles 8 and 9. Of the evaluable patients at each cycle, the grade 2+ (2 or higher) AE rates were: 26 (16%) of 167 patients in Cycle 4$$$ 47 (28%) of 165 patients in Cycle 5$$$ 58 (38%) of 151 patients in Cycle 6$$$ 39 (36%) of 109 patients in Cycle 7$$$ 4 (22%) of 18 patients in Cycle 8$$$ and 1 (50%) of 2 patients in Cycle 9. For dermatitis‐related symptoms, 110 (20%) of 537 events were grade 2 or higher in the mometasone arm versus 124 (18%) of 688 events in the placebo arm$$$ 7 (1%) and 16 (3%) grade 3 toxicities were reported in the mometasone and placebo arms, respectively. Similar trends were observed for radiation‐induced dermatitis, with event frequencies about half of that for dermatitis‐related symptoms. Repeated measures analysis results showed that significant differences were detected across cycles in five out of nine symptoms and in the interaction between arms across cycles in two out of nine symptoms, including radiation‐induced dermatitis and the maximum grade of dermatitis‐related symptoms (P < .001, favoring mometasone). The CTCAE scales correlated weakly with the PRO tools by Pearson’s statistics. Risk analyses confirmed these results. Conclusions: The CTCAE tools captured a detailed range of patient experience and symptoms, when the time variable was taken into consideration. Our results strengthened the conclusion drawn from the original report that mometasone reduced acute skin toxicities. The use of frequent CTCAE‐based assessments, along with PRO surveys, to accurately assess a patient’s experience of symptom types and intensity over time should be encouraged in the design of future clinical trials.
To Observe The Clinical Efficacy Of Taibai Tongluo Gel Cream Combined With Sodium Hyaluronate Injection In The Treatment Of Knee Osteoarthritis$$$ Purpose: Objective To investigate the efficacy of Taibai Tongluo gel cream combined with sodium hyaluronate injection in the treatment of knee osteoarthritis and its visual analog score (VAS score), Xi'an University of Ontario McMaster University Osteoarthritis Scale (WOMAC score) and interleukin‐1 β (IL‐1 β), Interleukin‐6 (IL‐6), tumor necrosis factor‐ α (TNF‐ α) The influence of horizontal expression. Methods: Methods From January 2022 to June 2022, 74 patients with knee osteoarthritis who went to the outpatient clinic of the Affiliated Hospital of Shaanxi University of Traditional Chinese Medicine were selected and divided into treatment group and control group by random number table. The control group was treated with joint cavity injection of sodium hyaluronate 5ml /time /week for 5 consecutive weeks$$$ On the basis of the control group, the treatment group was given Taibai Tongluo Gel Cream for 3 times /day for 5 consecutive weeks. Observe the clinical efficacy of knee joint after treatment, VAS score, WOMAC score and IL‐1 before and after treatment β, IL‐6,TNF‐ α Change in level. Results: Results after treatment, the total effective rates of the control group and the treatment group were 72.00% and 90.00% respectively (p<0.05)$$$ VAS score, WOMAC score and IL‐1 in both groups after treatment β, IL‐6 and TNF‐ α The level of p was significantly lower than that before treatment (p<0.05), and the treatment group was significantly lower than the control group (p<0.05). Conclusions: Conclusion Taibai Tongluo gel cream combined with sodium hyaluronate injection has a definite therapeutic effect on knee osteoarthritis, which can significantly improve joint function and reduce inflammatory indicators, and is worthy of clinical application. [Formula presented] [Formula presented] [Formula presented] [Formula presented]
The Efficacy of Gynura pseudochina DC. var. hispida Thv. Ointment in Treating Chronic Plaque Psoriasis: a Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Background: A recent study showed that Gynura pseudochina DC. var. hispida Thv. leaf extract (GP) can reduce the activation of the nuclear factor κB (NF‐κB) pathway and suppress the release of interleukin (IL)‐1β, IL‐6, and tumor necrosis factor ‐α, which play an important role in the pathogenesis of psoriasis. Methods: Twenty‐five patients with mild to moderate plaque psoriasis completed a 4‐week trial. Twice daily, they applied the GP ointment on psoriatic lesions on one side of the body, and they applied 0.1% triamcinolone (TA) cream on the other side. The Targeted Area Score (TAS), Psoriasis Severity Index (PSI) scores, and Physician's Global Assessment (PGA) scores were assessed at baseline and at weeks 1, 2, 3, and 4. Pre‐ and post‐treatment skin samples were taken. Phosphorylation of NF‐κB p65, Ki‐67, and epidermal thickness were analyzed through immunohistochemistry. Results: The TAS for erythema, scaling, and induration and PSI scores decreased on both treated sides. A statistically significant difference was observed beginning at the first week of treatment. The GP ointment significantly decreased scaling scores. However, no significant differences were observed between the TAS for erythema and induration or the PSI and PGA scores. Immunohistochemical staining revealed diminution of phosphorylated NF‐κB p65, Ki‐67, and epidermal thickness in the lesions treated with the GP ointment. The ointment was well tolerated, with minimal side effects. No laboratory abnormalities were detected. Conclusions: The GP ointment demonstrated efficacy similar to that of 0.1% TA cream for mild to moderate chronic plaque psoriasis. In addition, its short‐term side effects were minimal.
Safety and Efficacy of a Novel Combination Cream (GN-037) in Healthy Volunteers and Patients with Plaque Psoriasis: a Phase 1 Trial$$$ Introduction: Psoriasis is a common skin disorder associated with physical and psychological burdens. Visible disfiguration can trigger a negative reaction which can cause much of the readily measurable psychological burden of the disease. Although many biological treatments provide some success in the initial clearance of lesions, there is a dispute about the long‐term maintenance of the disease, as no current biological treatment has been shown to be curative. Topical therapies are still the most widely used agents as first‐line and maintenance treatment for psoriasis. The present study aimed to investigate the safety, tolerability, and, to some extent, efficacy of GN‐037 cream in patients with psoriasis and healthy volunteers. Methods: A randomized, double‐blind, single‐center, placebo‐controlled phase 1 clinical study was conducted to evaluate the safety, tolerability, and clinical efficacy of GN‐037 cream topically applied twice daily for 2 weeks in healthy subjects (n = 12) and patients (n = 6) diagnosed with plaque‐type psoriasis. Six healthy subjects received placebo. Patients with plaque psoriasis were evaluated by a dermatologist, and Physician Global Assessment (PGA) score was required to be ≥ 3 (moderate psoriasis) at screening. Results: A total of 31 adverse events (AEs) occurred in 13 participants during the study: 9 AEs in healthy subjects receiving GN‐037 cream, 3 AEs in healthy subjects receiving placebo, and 1 AE in one psoriatic patient. The most frequently reported AEs were reactions at the application site, including erythema, exfoliation, pruritus, and burning sensation. During the baseline evaluation, one patient had a PGA score of 3 (moderate) and five patients had a PGA score of 4 (severe). On day 14, in treatment, four patients experienced second grade and two patients third grade improvements compared with baseline, indicating a shift of patients from moderate and severe disease to mild disease and to almost clear (score 2 or 1). There were slight increases in plasma tumor necrosis factor (TNF)‐α, interleukin‐17 (IL‐17) and interleukin‐23 (IL‐23) levels in both healthy volunteers and patients throughout the study, as compared with baseline. Conclusion: The results of this phase 1 trial conducted in 18 healthy volunteers and 6 patients with plaque psoriasis demonstrated a favorable safety and tolerability profile for GN‐037$$$ therefore, further clinical development of GN‐037 in a phase 2 clinical trial has been initiated in patients with mild to moderate plaque psoriasis (NCT05706870). Trial Registration Number: NCT05428202.
Short sharp shock or slow burn: clinician perspectives on treatment of actinic keratoses with 5-fluorouracil 5% cream monotherapy vs. 5-fluorouracil/calcipotriol ointment combination therapy$$$ Actinic keratoses (AK) are common in immunocompromised patients and associated with increased risk of cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma (cSCC). The current standard of care is 5‐fluorouracil cream 5% (5‐FU) monotherapy for 4 weeks. In recent years, 5‐FU cream and calcipotriol ointment (5‐FU‐Cal) combination AK therapy for 4‐6 days has emerged as potentially more effective and better tolerated although the original randomized controlled trial (RCT) excluded immunosuppressed patients. Previously, we shared immunosuppressed patients' real‐world perspectives of using 5‐FU monotherapy vs. 5‐FU‐Cal combination therapy (Junejo MH, Demirel S, Matin R et al. Short shock or slow burn? Patient perspectives on treatment of actinic keratoses with 5‐fluorouracil 5% cream monotherapy versus 5‐fluorouracil plus calcipotriol combination therapy. Clin Exp Dermatol 2023$$$ 48:31‐2). The majority (81%) found 5‐FU‐Cal to be more effective than 5‐FU monotherapy Despite 47% reporting worse local skin reactions (LSRs) most preferred the 5‐FU‐Cal combination. We now report results from a clinician survey on the use of 5‐FU monotherapy vs. 5‐FU‐Cal combination therapy for the treatment of AK. An online survey was sent to 200 UK consultant dermatologists. Fifty‐seven (28.5%) completed the survey, all of whom reported using 5‐FU monotherapy for treating AK in patients with prior cSCC$$$ 43 (75%) reported this to be their preferred treatment. Most clinicians (n=40$$$ 70%) were aware of 5‐FU‐Cal combination therapy, although only 24 (42%) reported using it to treat AK in patients with prior cSCC. Of these, 18 (75%) used combination treatment for AK as part of field change, 14 (58%) used it for the treatment of patches of more than five AK and 13 (54%) used it for grouped AK. Very few (n=4$$$ 17%) used combination therapy for treatment of cSCC in situ (n=4), single AK (n=3) or superficial basal cell carcinoma (n=1). Of 24 clinicians using 5‐FU‐Cal, the majority felt that patients developed LSRs often (n=11$$$ 46%) or always (n=7$$$ 29%)$$$ fewer felt that LSRs occurred sometimes (n=5$$$ 21%) or rarely (n=1 4%). Clinicians using combination therapy primarily felt the LSRs were moderate but not severe enough to require supplementary treatment or discontinuation (n=17$$$ 71%). Half (n=12$$$ 50%) of those using combination therapy felt patients did not signal a preference between 5‐FU monotherapy vs 5‐FU‐Cal combination therapy. Two‐thirds (n=38/57$$$ 67%) of clinicians reported an interest in participating in a RCT comparing 5‐FU vs. 5‐FU‐Cal vs. sunscreen alone for the treatment of AK in patients with prior cSCC. This is the first evaluation of clinician perspectives on the use of the newly emerging 5‐FU‐Cal therapy for AK. These data provide a rationale for the inclusion of combination 5‐FU‐Cal therapy in future studies using topical AK treatments for cSCC prevention in the UK.
Nanosilver Dressing in Treating Deep II Degree Burn Wound Infection in Patients with Clinical Studies$$$ BACKGROUND: Patients' clinical antibiotic treatment of deep II degree burns usually fails to achieve the ideal effect$$$ in order to avoid the late result in pigmentation, scarring, and even limb dysfunction, it also needs to deal effectively with burn wounds. AIM: The purpose of this study is to evaluate nanosilver dressing in treating deep II degree burn wound infection in patients with clinical studies. MATERIALS AND METHODS: 106 burn patients were classified into the Sulfadiazine Silver Cream (SSC) group (n = 53) and the Nanosilver Burn Dressing (NSBD) group (n = 53). Both of them received basic wound treatment, and wound healing time and pigmentation fading away time of all patients were recorded. And the wound healing rate of the patients was calculated. Serum levels of tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF‐α) and interleukin‐1beta (IL‐1β) were detected pre‐ and posttreatment. RESULTS: After basic treatment for all patients, Sulfadiazine Silver Cream was used in the SSC group, and Nanosilver Burn Dressing was used in the NSBD group. It was observed that after treatment, compared with the SSC group, there was significant efficiency$$$ wound healing rate, healing time, and pigmentation fading away time were shortened in the NSBD group, and IL‐1β levels were decreased, and the positive rate of bacterial culture was decreased (all P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: Nanosilver Burn Dressing in treating deep II degree burns can effectively reduce the wound infection and promote wound healing. The curative effect was distinct, which was worthy of popularization and application.
Clinical Effect of Mahuang Xixin Fuzitang Combined with Acupuncture and Moxibustion in Treatment of Localized Scleroderma$$$ Objective: To observe the clinical effect of Mahuang Xixin Fuzitang combined with acupuncture and moxibustion in the treatment of localized scleroderma. Method: A total of 95 patients with localized scleroderma treated in Wuhan No. 1 Hospital from September 2019 to October 2021 were assigned into a control group47 patientsand an observation group48 patientsby random number table method. The control group was treated with Centella triterpenes tablets and heparin sodium cream，and the observation group was additionally treated with Mahuang Xixin Fuzitang combined with acupuncture and moxibustion. Both groups were treated for 8 weeks，and the clinical effect was compared between groups. The traditional Chinese medicine TCMsyndrome scorelocal skin sclerosis，loss of skin texture，darkening of skin pigment，scaly dry skin， etc.，serum levels of soluble interleukin‐2 receptorsIL‐2Rand tumor necrosis factor‐alphaTNF‐α， erythrocyte sedimentation rateESR，and eosinophil countEOwere compared between before and after treatment as well as between groups. Additionally， the adverse reactions were recorded. Result: The observation group had higher total effective rate than the control group95.83%46/48vs. 82.98%39/47， χ2 =4.166 4，P<0.05. Before treatment，the TCM syndrome score，sIL‐2R，TNF‐α，ESR，and EO showed no significant differences between the two groups. The 8 weeks of treatment improved the TCM syndrome score， sIL‐2R，TNF‐α，ESR，and EO. Moreover，the observation group was superior to the control group in these indicatorsP<0.05. During the treatment，the observation group showed 1 case of abnormal liver function and 1 case of nausea and vomiting，and the control group had 1 case of nausea and vomiting，1 case of abnormal renal function，and 1 case of abnormal liver function. The total adverse reactions of the observation group4.17% and the control group6.38%had no significant differenceχ2 =0.233 9，P=0.062 86. Conclusion: Mahuang Xixin Fuzitang combined with acupuncture and moxibustion is safe and effective in the treatment of localized scleroderma.
Erratum to: therapy in transit: managing aphasia in the early period post stroke (Aphasiology, (2016), 30, 5, (509-516), 10.1080/02687038.2015.1137555)$$$ Hersh, D. (2015). Therapy in transit: managing aphasia in the early period post stroke. Aphasiology, 30, 509‐516. doi: 10.1080/02687038.2015.1137555 When the above article was first published online, an error was introduced to the references. A number of the references were listed as being published in volume 34, but they were published in volume 30. Please see the correct references below: Carpenter, J., & Cherney, L. (2016). Increasing aphasia treatment intensity in an acute inpatient rehabilitation programme: A feasibility study. Aphasiology, 30, 542–565. doi:10.1080/02687038.2015.1023695 Ciccone, N., Cream, A., West, D., Cartwright, J., Rai, T., Granger, A., … Godecke, E. (2016). A randomised controlled trial comparing individual and constraint induced aphasia therapy in very early recovery following stroke. Aphasiology, 30, 566–584. doi:10.1080/02687038.2015.1071480 Foster, A., O’Halloran, R., Rose, M., & Worrall, L. (2016). “Communication is taking a back seat”: Speech pathologists’ perceptions of aphasia management in acute hospital settings. Aphasiology, 30, 585–608. doi:10.1080/02687038.2014.985185 Hersh, D., Godecke, E., Armstrong, E., Ciccone, N., & Bernhardt, J. (2016). “Ward talk”: Nurses’ interaction with people with and without aphasia in the very early period post stroke. Aphasiology, 30, 609–628. doi:10.1080/02687038.2014.933520 Horton, S., Lane, K., & Shiggins, C. (2016). Supporting communication for people with aphasia in stroke rehabilitation: Transfer of training in a multidisciplinary stroke team. Aphasiology, 30, 629–656. doi:10.1080/02687038.2014.1000819 Stockert, A., Kümmerer, D., & Saur, D. (2016). Insights into early language recovery: From basic principles to practical applications. Aphasiology, 30, 517–541. Taylor & Francis apologises for this error.
Eutectic mixture of local anesthesia cream can reduce both the radial pain and sympathetic response during transradial coronary angiography$$$ Background and Objectives: Radial artery spasm is one of the most common complications of transradial coronary angiography (TRA): the radial artery is prone to cathecholamine‐induced contraction and radial pain during TRA could increase the sympathetic tone. The object of this study was to evaluate whether the eutectic mixture of local anesthesia (EMLA) cream, in addition to lidocaine infiltration, could reduce the sympathetic response by reducing radial pain during TRA. Subjects and Methods: Seventy‐six patients were randomized 1:1 to either EMLA or control groups. Radial pain was measured by the visual analogue scale (VAS) and the verbal rating scale (VRS‐4). Sympathetic response, including systolic (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP), pulse rate (PR), stroke volume (SV) and total peripheral resistance (TPR), was measured by photoplethysmography. Results: Radial pain measured during lidocaine infiltration was significantly lower in the EMLA group (VAS: 3.1 vs. 4.0, p=0.04$$$ VRS‐4: 2.0 vs. 2.2, p=0.03) and the sympathetic response was significantly blunted in the EMLA group from baseline to lidocaine infiltration (ΔSBP, mm Hg: 5 vs. 13, p<0.01$$$ ΔDBP, mm Hg: 2 vs. 7, p=0.03$$$ ΔPR, beat/min: 2 vs. 8, p<0.01, ΔSV, mL: 3 vs. 21, p<0.01$$$ ΔTPR, mm Hg·L/min: 1.0 vs. 5.9, p<0.01). Conclusion: In patients undergoing TRA, the EMLA cream, in addition to lidocaine infiltration, effectively reduces the radial pain and thereby the sympathetic response, during lidocaine infiltration. Copyright © 2011 The Korean Society of Cardiology.
Determination of the glycemic index and glycemic load of an ice cream with polydextrose$$$ INTERVENTION: 15 healthy individuals will be randomly allocated either to the reference food (glucose), or to the ice cream, each subject will be their own control being glucose (control) and ice cream (intervention). Fasting for 10 to 12 hours, each participant will receive 2 times 50g of glucose and 3 different flavors of edible ice cream containing 50g of available carbohydrates. Both with 200 mL of water. Capillary blood collections will take place at 0, 15, 30, 45, 60, 90 and 120 minutes. Washout at least 2 days. G07.203.300.572 CONDITION: 56960 Diabetes Mellitus$$$ obesity$$$ Cardiovascular Diseases PRIMARY OUTCOME: Expected to determine the glycemic index, through the official Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations method of determining the glycemic index, it will defined as the incremental area under the blood glucose response curve of a carbohydrate portion of a test food expressed as a percent of the response to the same amount of carbohydrate from a standard food taken by the same subject. SECONDARY OUTCOME: The glycemic load will be calculated by multiplying the average glycemic inde Xof the food by the amount of glycemic or available carbohydrate in the portion, divided by 100. After the calculation, the glycemic load will be classified as low, medium or high (less than or equal to 10, 11 to 19 and greater than or equal to 20, respectively), according to Burani and Longo (2006). INCLUSION CRITERIA: Volunteers with absence of metabolic disorders, such as diabetes mellitus$$$ absence of cardiovascular, liver or kidney diseases$$$ cancer$$$ thyroid disorders$$$ absence alcoholism$$$ absence of morbid obesity
Regional fat loss from the thigh in obese women after adrenergic modulation$$$ Beta‐adrenergic stimulation and alpha 2‐adrenergic inhibition increase lipolysis from fat cells. Twenty‐eight obese women were placed on a calorie‐restricted diet and one of five treatments was applied to one thigh three to five times per week for four weeks: (1) isoproterenol injections$$$ (2) cream containing colforsin (forskolin), aminophylline, and yohimbine$$$ (3) yohimbine cream$$$ (4) colforsin cream$$$ or (5) aminophylline cream. The opposite thigh was treated with a placebo (injection or cream). The treated thighs lost significantly more girth after treatment, both by injection and by cream. No adverse reactions were attributable to either the cream or the injections. It is concluded that local fat reduction from the thigh can be safely accomplished.
Cutaneous anesthesia of the forearm enhances sensorimotor function of the hand$$$ Temporary deafferentation of the upper limb, with ischemic or anesthetic nerve block, has rapid effects on sensorimotor cortex. Cutaneous anesthesia of the forearm has recently been found to improve sensory and motor function of the paretic hand in chronic stroke patients. However, the neurophysiological mechanisms are unknown. The aim of this study was to investigate the behavioral and neurophysiological effects of cutaneous forearm anesthesia. Twenty‐five healthy right‐handed adults participated in this double‐blind, randomized study. Participants completed two sessions, with either a topical anesthesia cream (EMLA) or placebo applied to their left forearm in each session. Thresholds for cutaneous sensation and spatial acuity of the left hand were measured before and after the intervention. Transcranial magnetic stimulation was used to measure corticomotor excitability and short‐interval intracortical inhibition in the left first dorsal interosseous and abductor digiti minimi muscles before and after the intervention. Manual dexterity was assessed with the grooved pegboard task after the intervention in each session. Left‐hand dexterity improved to a greater extent after treatment with EMLA than placebo, and this was related to improved spatial acuity at the fingertips. Corticomotor excitability remained stable, and short‐interval intracortical inhibition increased after EMLA treatment. We have confirmed and extended previous reports that cutaneous forearm anesthesia results in improved spatial acuity and manual dexterity of the ipsilateral hand. The neurophysiological mechanisms involve an increase in intracortical inhibition, which may improve the precision of voluntary movement. These results lend support to the therapeutic application of EMLA in movement rehabilitation.
Maintenance of remission following successful treatment of papulopustular rosacea with ivermectin 1% cream vs. metronidazole 0.75% cream: 36-week extension of the ATTRACT randomized study$$$ Background There are a limited number of approved treatments for papulopustular rosacea (PPR) and remission is difficult to maintain after successful treatment. Objectives To investigate remission over a 36‐week extension period in patients with moderate to severe PPR successfully treated with 16 weeks' treatment with ivermectin 1% cream once daily (QD) or metronidazole 0.75% cream twice daily (BID) in a randomized, parallel‐group Phase III study. Methods Treatment was discontinued in patients initially successfully treated [Investigator's Global Assessment (IGA) score of 0 or 1] with ivermectin 1% cream QD (n = 399) or metronidazole 0.75% cream BID (n = 365$$$ Part A) and patients were followed every 4 weeks for up to 36 weeks (Part B). Treatment with the same study treatment as used in Part A was only re‐initiated if patients relapsed (IGA > 2). Efficacy assessments were: time to first relapse$$$ relapse rate$$$ and number of days free of treatment. Safety assessments included incidence of adverse events and local cutaneous signs and symptoms. Results The median time to first relapse was significantly longer (115 days vs. 85 days) and relapse rates at the end of the study period significantly lower (62.7% vs. 68.4%) for patients initially successfully treated with ivermectin 1% compared with metronidazole 0.75%$$$ Kaplan‐Meier plot demonstrated a statistically significant difference between the two arms (P = 0.0365). The median number of days free of treatment was higher for ivermectin compared with metronidazole (196 days vs. 169.5 days$$$ P = 0.026). The percentage of patients who experienced a related adverse event was equally low in both groups. Conclusion The results of this relapse study showed that an initial successful treatment with ivermectin 1% cream QD significantly extended remission of rosacea compared with initial treatment with metronidazole 0.75% cream BID following treatment cessation.
Inclusion of targeted skin products in the pre-surgical treatment regimen of peripheral lymphedema & lipedema$$$ Advanced lymphedema is associated with a number of adverse skin changes including color, thickening of the epidermis, dryness, and hyperkeratosis. These changes are related to prolonged lymph stasis and contribute to an increased risk of infection. Similarly, lipedema is associated with skin thickening and appearance of nodular adipose deposition. Skin care is essential in both conditions. We examined whether inclusion of targeted skin products for 2 weeks to an established pre‐surgical conservative treatment program was associated with beneficial effects on the skin condition in 150 patients with lymphedema and lipedema. Patients were randomly assigned to control or one of two treatment groups. All three groups (and for both lymphedema and lipedema) demonstrated a significant reduction in softness. Dimpling/ redness was significantly reduced in the targeted skin product groups for both patients with lymphedema or lipedema. Only patients with lipedema demonstrated a significant reduction in dryness/ hyperkeratosis following targeted skin product treatment. This study demonstrates that short‐term use of targeted skin products in both patients with lymphedema and lipedema can be of benefit and further studies are needed to replicate these results and explore possible mechanisms.
Effects of preoperative vaginal estrogen therapy for the incidence of mesh complication after pelvic organ prolapse surgery in postmenopausal women: is it helpful or a myth? A 1-year randomized controlled trial$$$ Objective:The literature advocates preoperative vaginal estrogen (VE) therapy to reduce mesh exposure in pelvic organ prolapsed (POP)$$$ however, there are no comparative studies so far. This study aims to compare the effects of preoperative VE and non‐VE therapy for the incidence of mesh exposure in postmenopausal women after transvaginal pelvic reconstructive surgery (PRS) with mesh. Methods:A randomized noninferiority single‐surgeon study of 186 women with severe POP was conducted. Ninety‐three women (VE group) received 0.5g promestriene cream twice a week transvaginally for 6 weeks before PRS with mesh, and 93 women (non‐VE group) underwent PRS with mesh 6 weeks after enrollment without pharmacologic preparation. The primary outcome was the occurrence of mesh exposure within 1 year. Results:Overall, 173 of 186 participants (93.0%) completed 1‐year follow‐up. In an intention‐to‐treat analysis, the proportion of participants experiencing mesh exposure was 16.1% (15 of 93) in the VE group versus 12.9% (12 of 93) in the non‐VE group (P=0.024 for noninferiority). Both exposure area and time to exposure did not differ between the two groups. Similarly, no detectable differences at month 12 were found in terms of anatomic success, good response on the Patient Global Impression of Change, improvement in quality of life and sexual function, and complications. The result of per‐protocol analysis agreed with that seen in the intention‐to‐treat analysis. Conclusions:In postmenopausal women with severe POP who underwent transvaginal PRS with mesh, non‐VE therapy before surgery was noninferior to VE therapy regarding mesh exposure rate within 1 year of follow‐up.
Prebiotic-supplemented partially hydrolysed cow's milk formula for the prevention of eczema in high-risk infants: a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background Prevention guidelines for infants at high risk of allergic disease recommend hydrolysed formula if formula is introduced before 6 months, but evidence is mixed. Adding specific oligosaccharides may improve outcomes. Objective To evaluate whether partially hydrolysed whey formula containing oligosaccharides (0.8 g/100 ml) (pHF‐OS) can prevent eczema in high‐risk infants [ISRCTN65195597]. Methods We conducted a parallel‐group, multicentre, randomized double‐blind controlled trial of pHF‐OS vs standard cow's milk formula. Infants with a family history of allergic disease were randomized (stratified by centre/maternal allergy) to active (n = 432) or control (n = 431) formula until 6 months of age if formula was introduced before 18 weeks. Primary outcome was cumulative incidence of eczema by 12 months in infants randomized at 0‐4 weeks (375 pHF‐OS, 383 control). Secondary outcomes were cumulative incidence of eczema by 12 or 18 months in all infants randomized, immune markers at 6 months and adverse events. Results Eczema occurred by 12 months in 84/293 (28.7%) infants allocated to pHF‐OS at 0‐4 weeks of age, vs 93/324 (28.7%) control (OR 0.98 95% CI 0.68, 1.40$$$ P = 0.90), and 107/347 (30.8%) pHF‐OS vs 112/370 (30.3%) control in all infants randomized (OR 0.99 95% CI 0.71, 1.37$$$ P = 0.94). pHF‐OS did not change most immune markers including total/specific IgE$$$ however, pHF‐OS reduced cow's milk‐specific IgG1 (P < 0.0001) and increased regulatory T‐cell and plasmacytoid dendritic cell percentages. There was no group difference in adverse events. Conclusion pHF‐OS does not prevent eczema in the first year in high‐risk infants. The immunological changes found require confirmation in a separate cohort.
Plasma lathosterol measures rates of cholesterol synthesis and efficiency of dietary phytosterols in reducing the plasma cholesterol concentration$$$ Objectives: Because the plasma campesterol/cholesterol ratio does not differ between groups that absorb different amounts of cholesterol, the authors investigated whether the plasma Phytosterols (PS) relate to the body's cholesterol synthesis rate measured as non‐cholesterol sterol precursors (lathosterol). Method: The authors studied 38 non‐obese volunteers (58±12 years$$$ Low‐Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol ‒ LDL‐C ≥ 130 mg/dL) randomly assigned to consume 400 mL/day of soy milk (Control phase) or soy milk + PS (1.6 g/day) for four weeks in a double‐blind, cross‐over study. PS and lathosterol were measured in plasma by gas chromatography coupled to mass spectrophotometry. Results: PS treatment reduced plasma total cholesterol concentration (‐5.5%, p < 0.001), LDL‐C (‐7.6%, p < 0.001), triglycerides (‐13.6%, p < 0.0085), and apolipoprotein B (apo B) (‐6.3%, p < 0.008), without changing high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL‐C concentration), but plasma lathosterol, campesterol and sitosterol expressed per plasma cholesterol increased. Conclusions: The lathosterol‐to‐cholesterol plasma ratio predicted the plasma cholesterol response to PS feeding. The highest plasma lathosterol concentration during the control phase was associated with a lack of response of plasma cholesterol during the PS treatment period. Consequently, cholesterol synthesis in non‐responders to dietary PS being elevated in the control phase indicates these cases resist to further synthesis rise, whereas responders to dietary PS, having in the control phase synthesis values lower than non‐responders, expand synthesis on alimentary PS. Responders absorb more PS than non‐responders, likely resulting from responders delivering into the intestinal lumen less endogenous cholesterol than non‐responders do, thus facilitating greater intestinal absorption of PS shown as increased plasma PS concentration.
Effects of micronized progesterone added to non-oral estradiol on lipids and cardiovascular risk factors in early postmenopause: a clinical trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Much attention has been drawn to the deleterious effects of adding progestins to estrogen as hormone therapy (HT) in postmenopausal women. Some widely prescribed progestins have been shown to partially oppose the beneficial effects of estrogens on surrogate markers of cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. Progestins with higher androgenic activity may interfere with lipid profile and glucose tolerance, and could affect mechanisms of estrogen‐induced C‐reactive protein (CRP) stimulation. Recent data have shown that norpregnane derivatives, but not micronized progesterone, increase the risk of venous thromboembolism among transdermal estrogens users. The aim of the present study was to assess the effects of combining micronized progesterone with non‐oral estrogen therapy on lipid profile and cardiovascular risk factors in a sample of early postmenopausal women. METHODS: Clinical trial including 40 women receiving intranasal 17β estradiol 3 mg/day for two months and 46 women receiving percutaneous 17β estradiol gel 1.5 mg/day for three months (E2). Both groups received an additional 200 mg/day of micronized progesterone by vaginal route 14 days/month (E2+P). Outcome measures included body weight, waist circumference, body mass index (BMI), lipid profile and ultra‐sensitive C‐reactive protein (usCRP) at baseline and during the E2 or E2+P portions of treatment. RESULTS: Mean age was 51±3 years. Mean time since menopause was 22.2±10 months. Most participants were overweight$$$ HT did not change BMI. E2 and E2+P did not affect waist circumference and weight. Menopausal symptoms improved after HT. The effects of intranasal and percutaneous estradiol were similar, regardless of the addition of progesterone. Similarly, for the overall group of 86 women, micronized progesterone did not alter the response to E2. Blood pressure, glucose, insulin, HDL‐c, triglycerides, and usCRP remained constant with or without micronized progesterone. Total cholesterol decreased after E2, and progesterone maintained this reduction. LDL‐c levels were similar at baseline and with E2, and lower during E2+P in relation to baseline. CONCLUSIONS: Cyclic, short term exposure to vaginal micronized progesterone did not alter the metabolic and cardiovascular effects of non‐oral E2 in early, apparently healthy, postmenopausal women. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01432028.
Effect of dietary protein supplementation on body weight: a randomized controlled trial$$$ Objective: Diets high in protein increase satiety and may lead to weight loss. We compared the effect of soy protein, milk protein and carbohydrate supplementation on body weight and BMI among healthy adults. (Table presented) Methods: We conducted a randomized, double‐blind, 3‐phase‐crossover trial among 352 adults with prehypertension or stage‐1 hypertension. Participants were assigned to consume 40‐grams/day of soy protein, milk protein, or complex carbohydrate each for 8 weeks in a random order. A 3‐week washout period was implemented between interventions. Weight and height were measured at 2 baseline and 2 termination visits during each phase. Results: Baseline mean age was 48 years, weight 86.0 kg, BMI 29.2 kg/m2, 57% male, and 34.3% black. A total of 80.7%, 81.3% and 81.5% completed the soy, milk, and carbohydrate phases. Compared to carbohydrate, soy protein intake significantly reduced body weight (table). Soy protein intake was also significantly associated with a ‐0.2 kg/m2 (‐0.3 to 0.0$$$ P=0.025) net change in BMI compared to carbohydrate. There was no significant difference in weight loss achieved between milk and soy protein supplementation or carbohydrate. Conclusion: This randomized controlled trial indicates that soy protein intake modestly reduced body weight and BMI over 8 weeks. The increase of soy protein intake may be an important intervention for weight loss.
Unexpectedly increased anorexigenic postprandial responses of PYY and GLP-1 to fast ice cream consumption in adult patients with Prader-Willi syndrome$$$ OBJECTIVE: The effect of eating rate on the release of anorexigenic gut peptides in Prader‐Willi syndrome (PWS), a neurogenetic disorder clinically characterized by hyperphagia and excessive obesity, has not been investigated so far. DESIGN AND PATIENTS: Postprandial PYY and GLP‐1 levels to fast (5 min) and slow (30 min) ice cream consumption were measured in PWS adult patients and age‐matched patients with simple obesity and normal‐weighted subjects. Visual analog scales (VASs) were used to evaluate the subjective feelings of hunger and satiety. RESULTS: Fast ice cream consumption stimulated GLP‐1 release in normal subjects, a greater increase being observed with slow feeding. Fast or slow feeding did not change circulating levels of GLP‐1 in obese patients, while, unexpectedly, fast feeding (but not slow feeding) stimulated GLP‐1 release in PWS patients. Plasma PYY concentrations increased in all groups, irrespective of the eating rate. Slow feeding was more effective in stimulating PYY release in normal subjects, while fast feeding was more effective in PWS patients. Slow feeding evoked a lower hunger and higher satiety compared with fast feeding in normal subjects, this finding being not evident in obese patients. Unexpectedly, fast feeding evoked a lower hunger and higher satiety in PWS patients in comparison with slow feeding. CONCLUSIONS: Fast feeding leads to higher concentrations of anorexigenic gut peptides and favours satiety in PWS adult patients, this pattern being not evident in age‐matched patients with simple obesity, thus suggesting the existence of a different pathophysiological substrate in these two clinical conditions.
Cellulite treatment: a myth or reality: a prospective randomized, controlled trial of two therapies, endermologie and aminophylline cream$$$ Cellulite is a common phenomenon that particularly affects the thighs and buttocks of women. Little scientific evidence exists to support any of the many advertised treatments for it. A total of 52 of 69 women, who were divided into three groups, completed a 12‐week, randomized, controlled trial in which the effectiveness of two different treatments for cellulite was assessed. The patients acted as their own controls. The treatments investigated were twice‐daily application of aminophylline cream and twice‐weekly treatment with Endermologie ES1. Group 1 (double blind) received aminophylline to one thigh/buttock and a placebo cream to the other. Group 2 (singly blind) received Endermologie to one thigh/buttock. Group 3 received Endermologie to both sides and used the same cream regimen as group 1. Results were assessed subjectively by the patient and by clinical examination and photographic assessment by the surgeon (before and after the trial). Morphologic assessment included body mass index, thigh girth at two points, and thigh fat depth measurement by ultrasound. No statistical difference existed in measurements between legs for any of the treatment groups (paired t test, p > 0.4). The best subjective assessment, by the patients themselves, revealed that only 3 of 35 aminophylline‐treated legs and 10 of 35 Endermologie‐treated legs had their cellulite appearance improved. The authors do not believe that either of these two treatments is effective in improving the appearance of cellulite.
A double-blinded randomized trial testing the tolerability and efficacy of a novel topical agent with and without occlusion for the treatment of cellulite: a study and review of the literature$$$ Cellulite is the unsightly dimpling and nodularity frequently found on the thighs and buttocks of post‐adolescent women. The anatomy and pathophysiology of this unwanted condition is poorly understood. The paucity of research studies to date has led to a dormancy of scientifically based therapeutic options that are effective and tolerable. The purpose of this study is to evaluate the tolerability and efficacy of a novel topical agent based on a plausible pathophysiologic mechanism in the treatment of cellulite, and to compare the efficacy of this agent used in combination with an occlusive bioceramic‐coated neoprene garment, to the agent used alone without occlusion. We will also review the current understanding of the etiology and nature of cellulite and summarize available treatment options. Twenty women with a moderate degree of cellulite were entered into a four‐week, double‐blinded, randomized trial where an anti‐cellulite cream was applied to the affected sites on a nightly basis. Each subject was randomized to receive occlusion by a bioceramic‐coated neoprene garment on either the right or left leg, with the contralateral side serving as a control with no occlusion. High‐quality digital photography was taken before treatment and after four weeks at various angles, with tangential full‐spectrum lighting. Four blinded, independent dermatologist reviewers assessed the photographs for improvement. Subjects completed questionnaire forms to assess tolerability and efficacy. Of the 17 subjects who completed the study, 76% noticed an overall improvement in their cellulite, with 54% reporting greater improvement in the thigh that received garment occlusion. The average measured decrease in thigh circumference was 1.2 cm, noting a 1.3 cm reduction with occlusion and a 1.1 cm reduction without occlusion. Upon review of the pre‐ and post‐study photographs, the dermatologist evaluators found an improvement in 65% of treated legs with occlusion, and 59% of treated legs without occlusion. Further, the evaluators found the occluded thighs to show greater improvement than the non‐occluded thighs in 65% of subjects. The topical agent used in this study was found to be effective in reducing the appearance of cellulite. Bioceramic‐coated neoprene garment occlusion potentiates the effect of this topical agent in cellulite reduction. The success of this study validates the pathophysiologic mechanism used to formulate the topical agent used.
A validation study to find highly correlated parameters with visual assessment for clinical evaluation of cosmetic anti-cellulite products$$$ BACKGROUND/PURPOSE: There has been growing interest in cellulite on parts of the body$$$ however, no objective assessment has been specifically established. This study aims to demonstrate an optimized method by comparing the existing assessments of cellulite. METHODS: In Test 1, for subjects of 20 healthy females who have cellulite, we measured volume and roughness of cellulite using fringe projection method, roughness using replica method, dermo‐subcutaneous interface length and subcutaneous thickness using ultrasonography and skin temperature using infrared ray, elasticity and blood flow. In Test 2, we applied an anti‐cellulite cosmetic to 28 subjects for 6 weeks and observed if they have any changes. RESULTS: In Test 1, the effective parameter that is the most correlated with visual assessment was volume of skin measured using fringe projection method (r = 0.780). Dermo‐subcutaneous interface length (r = 0.355) and subcutaneous thickness (r = 0.502) measured using ultrasonography followed in order. In Test 2, after applying a tested product, the correlation coefficient of volume of skin, of dermo‐subcutaneous interface length and of subcutaneous thickness are 0.409 (P = 0.000), 0.275 (P = 0.016) and 0.311 (P = 0.012) respectively. CONCLUSION: We conclude that visual assessment, volume of skin (cavities), dermo‐subcutaneous interface length and subcutaneous thickness are optimized methods for assessing an effect of cosmetics on cellulite.
Effects of a topical lotion containing aminophylline, caffeine, yohimbe, l-carnitine, and gotu kola on thigh circumference, skinfold thickness, and fat mass in sedentary females$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Topical aminophylline, caffeine, yohimbe, l‐carnitine, and gotu kola (Centella asiatica) may aid in reducing body fat. Lipoxyderm™ contains these ingredients and was used to test if fat loss of the thigh, in conjunction with a low intensity exercise program and restricted calorie intake, was enhanced via the topical application of this lotion. METHODS: This was a double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, within‐group study that investigated the effects of Lipoxyderm™ on thigh fat mass, circumference, and skinfold thickness. Seven participants underwent pre/post‐exercise testing for weight, bilateral thigh circumference/skinfold thickness, and body composition/thigh fat mass assessment via dual‐energy X‐ray absorptiometry. Participants followed a hypocaloric diet, walked 150 minutes/wk, and were randomly assigned to apply a placebo to one leg and Lipoxyderm™ to their other leg for 28 days. Separate two‐way mixed factorial repeated measures ANOVAs were used to compare the effects of Lipoxyderm™ to the placebo on thigh circumference, skinfold thickness, and fat mass. RESULTS: A significant time x group interaction was found for thigh circumference (F1,6  = 18.2, P = 0.005), skinfold thickness (F1,6  = 14.6, P = 0.009), and fat mass (F1,6  = 37.1, P = 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: A twice‐daily topical application of Lipoxyderm™ for 28 days compared to a placebo combined with a walking program and a restricted caloric intake is more effective at reducing thigh circumference (1.2 vs 0.8 cm), thigh skinfold thickness (3.7 vs 2.0 mm), and thigh fat mass (100.0 g vs 57.3 g).
Topical fat reduction from the waist$$$ OBJECTIVE: Topical fat reduction from the thigh in women using aminophylline cream has been demonstrated, but the local fat reduction in other body areas or in men by lowering the local lipolytic threshold has not been demonstrated. This study is designed to test the hypothesis that aminophylline cream application to the waist will reduce waist circumference compared with a control. RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: Fifty men and women who are 21‐65 years of age with a BMI greater than 27 kg/m(2) and a waist to hip ratio > or =average were randomized in a 1 : 1 ratio to 0.5% aminophylline cream to the waist twice a day or no treatment to the waist. All subjects were instructed to follow a 1200 kcal balanced diet, participate in a walking program and return biweekly to encourage compliance. A theophylline level was drawn monthly, and the waist, BMI and waist to hip ratio were remeasured at 12 weeks. RESULTS: At week 12, there was a significant reduction in BMI from baseline that was not different between the groups. The reduction in waist circumference was 11 +/‐ 1.0 cm in the aminophylline cream group and 5.0 +/‐ 0.6 cm in the control group (p < 0.001). The reduction in waist circumference was significant for both women and men, but the women lost significantly more waist girth. The waist to hip ratio, a measure of fat distribution, declined. Aminophylline levels were undetectable, and there were no adverse events. DISCUSSION: Aminophylline cream offers a safe and effective method for cosmetic local fat reduction from the waist.
Binge eating behavior in patients with eating disorders$$$ The purpose of this study was to determine whether the objectively observed binge eating behavior of obese subjects meeting the proposed DSM‐IV criteria for binge eating disorder would be similar to that observed in patients with bulimia nervosa. Non‐obese patients with bulimia nervosa (BN), obese subjects with binge eating disorder (BED), obese and non‐obese women without eating disorders were each instructed to binge eat single‐ and multiple‐item meals. In the multiple‐item meal, the obese subjects with BED ate significantly more (1515 kcal) than obese subjects without BED (1115 kcal), but they ate less than the normal‐weight bulimic patients (2680 kcal). The non‐obese controls ate amounts similar to the obese non‐binge‐eating‐disordered group (1093 and 1115.2 kcal, respectively). In the single‐item meal, consisting of ice cream, patients with BN ate significantly more than any other group (1307 kcal), while obese subjects with or without binge‐eating disorder ate significantly more (762 kcal) than non‐obese controls (308 kcal). This study has demonstrated that although both BN and BED are characterized by recurrent episodes of binge eating, quantitatively there appear to be differences between the eating disturbances in the two disorders. Because single‐ and multiple‐item meals differ in external cues, these results also suggest that the obese subjects with BED may be disinhibited by external cues, while obese subjects without BED may be inhibited by external cues.
Use of intense pulsed light and a retinyl-based cream as a potential treatment for cellulite: a pilot study$$$ BACKGROUND: There are few therapeutic treatments established for cellulite. OBJECTIVE: We studied the response of intense pulsed light (IPL) treatment with or without a compounded prescription retinyl‐based cream on a small group of patients who had visible cellulite present on the buttocks and thigh regions. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Twenty patients were selected to complete a 12‐week course of IPL treatment either with or without a retinyl‐based cream. Assessment was based on visual evaluation, photographs, skin ultrasounds, and patient satisfaction. RESULTS: Fifteen (75%) completed the study, and nine (60%) had a self‐improvement rating of >or= 50%. Seven (78%) of nine patients used IPL/cream. Of the remaining six (40%) completing the study, four (27%) had self‐improvement ratings of 25‐50% and two (13%$$$ IPL only) were considered treatment failures with a rating of 10‐25%. Both IPL/cream and IPL‐only groups exhibited an improvement in the smoothness of the affected area even following weight gain. Skin ultrasounds confirmed an increase in the deposition of collagen. During an 8‐month phone follow‐up, 8 (67%) of 12 responding reported the same or improved results. CONCLUSION: IPL treatment with or without a retinyl‐based cream can improve the appearance of peau d'orange cellulite, though the cream may augment cosmetic improvement. This approach is well tolerated, has minimal side effects, and is accompanied by a high degree of patient satisfaction.
Junk food consumption pattern by undergraduate students of dayalbagh educational institute, agra$$$ Background‐Junk food is the food that can easily and quickly prepared, rich in calories but deficient in most of nutrients. Due to increased urbanization, globalization and commercial advertisements as well as abundant junk food outlets, college going students are getting indulge in eating these types of food. In recent researches, it is clear that fast food is the one of the reasons for metabolic disorders such as obesity, diabetes and heart diseases etc. Present survey was there fore conducted to check the consumption pattern of junk food by university students of Dayalbagh Educational Institute. Methodology–Among all the university undergraduate students,198 undergraduate students (68 boys and 130 girls) were randomly selected and assessed by self‐administration of structured questionnaire. Results and Conclusion – Present study revealed that about 51% students regularly consume fried/high fat food in the form of kachori, samosa, pizza, pasta, chole bhature etc. and almost 31% students regularly consume high sugar‐based food like cold drinks, ice‐cream, donuts, pastries and cakes etc. Most of the students revealed that taste of fast food is the sole reason for consumption of fast food. Present study also revealed that about 23% students were having adequate knowledge about effect of fast‐food consumption on health whereas 42% students was having inadequate knowledge about ill effect of fast‐food consumption on health. It is therefore necessary to create awareness about ill effects of fast food and benefits of balanced diet to the college going students.
Dietary Fat Chain Length, Saturation, and PUFA Source Acutely Affect Diet-Induced Thermogenesis but Not Satiety in Adults in a Randomized, Crossover Trial$$$ Structural differences in dietary fatty acids modify their rate of oxidation and effect on satiety, endpoints that may influence the development of obesity. This study tests the hypothesis that meals containing fat sources with elevated unsaturated fats will result in greater postprandial energy expenditure, fat oxidation, and satiety than meals containing fats with greater saturation. In a randomized, 5‐way crossover design, healthy men and women (n = 23$$$ age: 25.7 ± 6.6 years$$$ BMI: 27.7 ± 3.8 kg/m2) consumed liquid meals containing 30 g of fat from heavy cream (HC), olive oil (OO), sunflower oil (SFO), flaxseed oil (FSO), and fish oil (FO). Energy expenditure and diet‐induced thermogenesis (DIT) were determined by metabolic rate over a 240 min postprandial period. Serum concentrations of ghrelin, glucose, insulin, and triacylglycerol (TAG) were assessed. DIT induced by SFO was 5% lower than HC and FO (p = 0.04). Energy expenditure and substrate oxidation did not differ between fat sources. Postprandial TAG concentrations were significantly affected by fat source (p = 0.0001). Varying fat sources by the degree of saturation and PUFA type modified DIT but not satiety responses in normal to obese adult men and women.
A myristic acid enriched cream improves the metabolic syndrome and increases membrane fluidity: the Semyramis Study$$$ Objectives: To evaluate a myristic acid (MA) enriched cream in obese patients without or with the metabolic syndrome (MS). Method/Design: One hundred and twenty obese subjects (mean BMI: 37.2) were enrolled in a 3‐month double blind trial. Half of them had a MS. They were randomized to consume each day a MA enriched cream in an hypocaloric diet with MA intake of 3.0. 3.5 or 4.0 g.d. MA.stearic ratios were around 1.5. Intakes of other fatty acids were at recommended levels. mainly for alpha‐linolenic acid (2 g.d) with a linoleic.alpha‐linolenic ratio at 3.1 Results: In comparison with baseline. 3‐month interventional diet was associated with an increase of MA and pentadecanoic acid (C15) in cholesteryl esters in all groups suggesting a good compliance for cream consumption. Reduction of Weight (‐7.0 kg) and waist (‐8.0 cm) reductions were more important in the MS group. Glycemia. insulinemia. HOMA ratio and triglycerides were decreased in the MS and HDL‐C was only increased with MA intake of 4.0 g.d. Leptin was decreased in all subjects mainly in the MS and adiponectin was increased mainly with MA intake of 3.0 g.d in the MS. Oxidized LDL were decreased with 3.0 g.dl MA intake and increased with 4.0 g.d. Membrane fluidity was dramatically increased only with MA intake of 3.0 g.d. Conclusions: Influence of MA on parameters of the MS appears as a U‐shaped curve with the most favourable effects for 3.0 g/d. A MA enriched cream with a total daily MA intake of 3.0 g significantly improves the MS, reduces leptin, and increases adiponectin and membrane fluidity.
The impact of an innovative web-based school nutrition intervention to increase fruits and vegetables and milk and alternatives in adolescents: a clustered randomized trial$$$ BACKGROUND: The increase in overweight and obesity in adolescents and its health‐related consequences highlight the need to develop strategies, which could help them adopt healthy eating habits. The objective of this study was to evaluate the impact of an innovative web‐based school nutrition intervention (Team Nutriathlon) aimed at promoting the consumption of vegetables and fruit (V/F) and milk and alternatives (M/A) in high school students and to identify facilitators and/or barriers influencing its success. METHODS: Ten classes of first and second year secondary students (grades 7 and 8) from the Québec City region were randomized into two groups (control n = 89 and intervention n = 193). Participants in the intervention (Team Nutriathlon) were to increase their consumption of V/F and M/A using an innovative web‐based platform, developed for this study, over 6 weeks. The control group followed the regular school curriculum. The number of servings of V/F and M/A consumed by students per day was compared between the two groups before, during, immediately after and 10 weeks after the intervention using a web‐based platform. Main outcome measures included V/F and M/A servings and facilitators and/or barriers of program success. Repeated measures linear fixed effects models were used to assess the impact of Team Nutriathlon on V/F and M/A consumption. A P‐value of <0.05 was considered significant. RESULTS: Students in the intervention reported a significant increase of 3 servings and 1.8 servings per day of V/F and M/A, respectively, compared to the control group (P < 0.05)$$$ however, this was only observed in the short‐term. Some factors contributing to the success of Team Nutriathlon included the team aspect of the program, use of the technology and recording results outside of classroom hours. CONCLUSION: Team Nutriathlon represents an innovative web‐based nutrition program which positively impacts V/F and M/A consumption among high school students. Using web‐based or technological platforms may help youth adopt healthy eating habits that will have implications later in adulthood$$$ however, further studies are needed to determine their long‐term effects. TRIAL REGISTRATION: NCT03117374 (retrospectively registered).
Effect of dietary sodium restriction on taste responses to sodium chloride: a longitudinal study$$$ Normotensive adults on low‐sodium, weight‐loss, and control diets recorded preferences and perceived saltiness for sodium chloride (NaCl) added to cream soup at intervals over 1 yr. Reduction in sodium intake and excretion accompanied a shift in preference toward less salt: preferred concentrations by ad libitum salting declined from 0.72% at the onset to 0.33% NaCl at week 24$$$ hedonic scores for high concentrations of NaCl decreased significantly while scores for low concentrations increased. After 3 mo of sodium restriction, NaCl preferences readjusted to a lower level: ad libitum additions of NaCl were similar after 13, 24, and 52 wk. Less hedonic variation was observed among controls than among Na‐restricted groups. The weight‐loss group showed increased liking for mid‐range NaCl levels. Mechanisms underlying preference changes, including physiological, behavioral, and context effects, may provide insights into maintenance of low‐sodium diets for treatment and prevention of hypertension.
Implicit priming reduces high-calorie food appeal and neuronal response to high-calorie food cues$$$ Background: Obesity rates are rapidly rising in the United States, giving rise to myriad health and quality‐of‐life concerns. Weight loss is associated with a reduction in comorbid conditions, such as cardiovascular disease and hypertension. Weight loss can be difficult, however, and preventing weight regain is even more challenging. As such, the development of effective strategies to promote weight loss and maintenance is critical. Toward this goal, we developed an evaluative conditioning paradigm (implicit priming [IP]), in which positively or negatively valenced images are presented immediately prior to food images, but not consciously perceived. We hypothesize that this bottom‐up sensory‐level conditioning approach alters affective associations with food items. For example, pairing ice cream with a negative prime (e.g., maggots on food) could reduce positive response to the ice cream itself. This approach has the potential to reduce the appeal of hedonic (high‐calorie) foods, which could promote reduced intake and support weight loss and maintenance efforts. Preliminary behavioral investigation of this intervention found that active IP vs. a control IP condition (with scrambled images as primes) was associated with reduced high‐calorie food preference ratings. The present study used fMRI to study the neurobiology of this approach. We hypothesized that active IP, compared to control IP, would result in reduced reward‐related neuronal responses to high‐calorie food cues. Methods: Forty‐one adults 18‐65 years old with BMI > 25 kg/m2 completed the study. Participants were randomized to active or control IP (active IP: N = 23 [4M, 19 F]$$$ control IP: N = 18 [9M, 9F]). The day before the study visit, participants completed a 1‐day, macronutrient‐controlled, eucaloric run‐in diet. On the study day, participants arrived in the fasted state and completed a food image ratings task, during which they rated 96 food images (48 high‐calorie, 48 low‐calorie) for 'desire to eat' using a visual analog scale (0‐100). Participants then consumed a standardized breakfast meal. Functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) was completed 1.5 hours after breakfast, such that participants were in a neutral state of hunger. During the scan, participants completed a visual food cues task, during which they viewed 96 food images (48 high‐calorie, 48 low‐calorie). Images were different from those used during the image ratings task to reduce habituation potential. The 10‐minute IP intervention (active or control) was then completed during scanning to examine neuronal mechanisms involved. In active IP, images of high‐ and low‐calorie foods were paired with implicitly presented (below perceptual threshold, for 20ms) images of either negative or positive valence (high‐calorie images with negative$$$ low‐calorie images with positive). Control IP matched active IP, but with scrambled images instead of negative/positive priming images. Following IP, participants repeated the visual food cues task to determine effects of IP on neuronal response to food cues. Four hours after breakfast, participants repeated the food image ratings task ('desire to eat' high‐ and low‐calorie food images). Results: Behavioral results from our first study were replicated, with a significant time by group interaction (F [1,33] = 4.81, p = 0.035), such that the active group reduced 'desire to eat' high calorie foods, but the control group did not. Interestingly, desire to eat low‐calorie foods was increased in the control group, but not the active group (time by group interaction: F [1,33] = 8.28, p = .007). During the priming paradigm, a greater response to highcalorie foods was observed in the insula and anterior cingulate cortex in the active compared to control group (p < 0.05, corrected). In the visual food cues task, a reduced response to high‐calorie food images was observed in the insula, striatum, and dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC) in the active compared to control group (p < 0.05, corrected), after vs. before the intervention. Conclusions: Replicating our preliminary behavioral investigation of the IP intervention, active IP reduced ratings of 'desire to eat' high‐calorie foods, an effect not observed in control IP. This effect was specific to high‐calorie foods. That low‐calorie ratings were not increased following implicit priming with positive images may be due to the likely greater salience of the negative images that were paired with high‐calorie images. The negative images chosen were selected to elicit disgust, which would be expected to elicit an insula response and is commonly associated with strong evaluative conditioning effects. The fMRI results reported here support this hypothesis, with greater response to high‐calorie food images (paired with disgust images in active IP) observed inthe insula during active compared to control IP. This suggests that the intervention is affecting the hypothesized biological target. Furthermore, neuronal response to high‐calorie food cues was reduced following active IP, compared to control IP, in brain regions associated with food‐based motivation, reward processing, and stimulus salience. The next step will be to conduct a larger investigation to determine the impact of IP on longer‐term food preferences, how results translate to eating behaviors, and to further delineate neuronal mechanisms underlying the intervention.
Observation for clinical effect of acupuncture combined with conventional therapy in the treatment of acne vulgaris$$$ INTRODUCTION: Acne vulgaris is a chronic inflammatory disease of the sebaceous glands that occurs in adolescent men and women. In recent years, the incidence of acne has increased year by year, so it is of great significance to find a precise and effective treatment and further explore its possible mechanism of action. The purpose of this study will be to explore a treatment method that has both traditional Chinese medicine characteristics and significant effects, and provides a higher level of evidence for acupuncture for acne vulgaris. It also provides patients with more treatment options. METHODS/DESIGN: The study will be a randomized controlled trial divided into 2 parallel groups. This pragmatic randomized controlled trial will recruit 66 patients who are diagnosed with acne vulgaris. 30‐minutes acupuncture sessions will be provided to patients assigned to the intervention group. All participants will continue to receive conventional treatment. The selection of outcomes will be evaluated by the skin lesions score scale. DISCUSSION: This trial may provide evidence regarding the clinical effectiveness, safety, and cost‐effectiveness of acupuncture for patients with acne vulgaris. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: CTR2000030427.
Efficacy of Vaginal Estradiol or Vaginal Moisturizer vs Placebo for Treating Postmenopausal Vulvovaginal Symptoms: a Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Importance: Nearly half of postmenopausal women report bothersome vulvovaginal symptoms, but few data support the efficacy of 2 commonly recommended treatments. Objective: To compare the efficacy of a low‐dose vaginal estradiol tablet and a vaginal moisturizer, each vs placebo, for treatment of moderate‐to‐severe postmenopausal vulvovaginal symptoms. Design, Setting, and Participants: This 12‐week multicenter randomized clinical trial enrolled postmenopausal women with moderate to severe symptoms of vulvovaginal itching, pain, dryness, irritation, or pain with penetration. Interventions: Vaginal 10‐μg estradiol tablet (daily for 2 weeks, then twice weekly) plus placebo gel (3 times a week) (n = 102) vs placebo tablet plus vaginal moisturizer (n = 100) vs dual placebo (n = 100). Main Outcomes and Measures: The main outcome was decrease in severity (0‐3) of most bothersome symptom (MBS) between enrollment and 12 weeks. Additional measures included a composite vaginal symptom score, Female Sexual Function Index (FSFI) score (2‐36), modified Female Sexual Distress Score‐Revised item 1, treatment satisfaction and meaningful benefit, Vaginal Maturation Index, and vaginal pH. Results: The 302 women had a mean (SD) age of 61 (4) years and were primarily white (267 [88%]), college educated (200 [66%]), and sexually active (245 [81%]). Most women (294 [97%]) provided data for the primary analysis. The most commonly reported MBS was pain with vaginal penetration (182 [60%]), followed by vulvovaginal dryness (63 [21%]). Mean baseline MBS severity was similar between treatment groups: estradiol, 2.4 (95% CI, 2.3 to 2.6)$$$ moisturizer, 2.5 (95% CI, 2.3 to 2.6)$$$ placebo, 2.5 (95% CI, 2.4 to 2.6). All treatment groups had similar mean reductions in MBS severity over 12 weeks: estradiol, ‐1.4 (95% CI, ‐1.6 to ‐1.2)$$$ moisturizer, ‐1.2 (95% CI, ‐1.4 to ‐1.0)$$$ and placebo, ‐1.3 (95% CI, ‐1.5 to ‐1.1). No significant differences were seen between estradiol (P = .25) or moisturizer (P = .31) compared with placebo. Mean total FSFI improvement was similar between estradiol (5.4$$$ 95% CI, 4.0 to 6.9) and placebo (4.5$$$ 95% CI, 2.8 to 6.1) (P = .64), and between moisturizer (3.1$$$ 95% CI, 1.7 to 4.5) and placebo (P = .17). Conclusions and Relevance: Our results suggest that neither prescribed vaginal estradiol tablet nor over‐the‐counter vaginal moisturizer provides additional benefit over placebo vaginal tablet and gel in reducing postmenopausal vulvovaginal symptoms. Trial Registration: clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT02516202.
Efficacy of sunscreen with photolyase or regular sunscreen associated with topical antioxidants in treating advanced photodamage and cutaneous field cancerization: a randomized clinical trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Several treatments are available for skin with advanced photodamage, which is characterized by the presence of actinic keratoses (AK). OBJECTIVES: Evaluate the efficacy of using sunscreen with photolyase compared to regular sunscreen, as well as to compare the combination of a topical formulation of antioxidants versus placebo in the treatment of advanced photodamage. METHODS: This was a randomized, double‐blind, factorial clinical trial. Participants with AKs on their forearms were randomized to apply regular sunscreen (SC) or sunscreen with photolyase (SC+P) on both forearms during the day. One of the forearms in each group was randomized again to receive topical antioxidants (AOx), and the other forearm received a placebo cream (both for night application). The four groups were SC/AOx, SC/placebo, SC+P/AOx, and SC+P/placebo. The duration of treatment was 8 weeks. Primary outcomes were total AK clearance, decrease in Forearm Photoaging Scale (FPS), and AK severity scores. Secondary outcomes were reduction in AK count, partial clearance rate, and safety. RESULTS: Forty participants (80 forearms) were included. All groups showed significant improvement in outcomes at week eight. There were no significant differences between SC and SC+P for either outcome. AOx led to a significant reduction in AK count (22%$$$ p < 0.05). Partial clearance was obtained in 18 (47.4%) forearms treated with AOx and in 9 (23.7%) treated with placebo (p < 0.05). All groups reduced the FPS score, without significant differences among them. CONCLUSIONS: There is no difference in the treatment of advanced photodamage skin when comparing the use of sunscreen with photolyase and regular sunscreen, and topical antioxidants were more efficient in reducing AK count than placebo. STUDY LIMITATIONS: Short interval of follow‐up and absence of re‐evaluation in the absence of treatment were limitations of the present study.
Teledermatology-driven topical therapy of actinic keratosis: a comparative study of clinical effectiveness and compliance$$$ BACKGROUND: Teledermatology (TD) provides efficient care for skin cancer patients. OBJECTIVE: To compare the clinical effectiveness of imiquimod 5% for the treatment of AK with in‐person care and through TD. METHODS: Longitudinal prospective controlled study including patients with single AK diagnosed and treated at face‐to‐face visits (FTF group) or through teledermatology (TD group) with imiquimod 5% cream. The main outcome measures assessed were the complete and global response percentage (CR and GR) under per‐protocol (PP) and intention‐to‐treat (ITT) analysis. RESULTS: A total of 157 patients were enrolled (FTF = 75, TD = 82). PP analysis showed CR in 66.7% of FTF patients and 65.6% in TD patients (P > 0.05). The ITT yielded CR in 64.0% and 51.2% in FTF visits and TD, respectively (P = 0.073). The analysis showed an advantage of FTF care against TD in achieving GR (84.0% vs. 70.7%$$$ P = 0.036). Facial location and local adverse reactions were the only explanatory factors of complete response in the ITT approach. Treatment completion was found in 90.7% and 72.0% in the FTF and TD groups, respectively (P = 0.004). CONCLUSIONS: Improvements in patient counselling at the primary care centre are needed before the implementation of TD as a routine methodology for the management of AK.
Human leukocyte interferon-alpha versus podophyllotoxin in cream for the treatment of genital warts in males. A placebo-controlled, double-blind, comparative study$$$ BACKGROUND: The incidence of overt genital warts, a common sexually transmitted disease of high prevalence, has been on the rise for the last few years. The infection is caused by several types of human papillomaviruses (HPVs), some of which have been accepted as a factor in the pathogenesis of genital squamous‐cell carcinomas. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this double‐blind, placebo‐controlled study was to compare and evidence differences in clinical efficacy and tolerance between human leukocyte interferon‐alpha (2 x 10(6) IU/g) and podophyllotoxin (0.5%), incorporated in a hydrophilic cream base to cure genital warts in Asian males. METHODS: Sixty patients, circumcised, who ranged in age from 18 to 40 years (mean 25.0), diagnosed with the evidence of penoscopy and HPV DNA (Southern dot blot) as harboring 396 lesions (mean 6.6), were randomized to three parallel groups. Each subject was allocated a precoded tube (40 g) containing one of two trial preparations or matching placebo for 3 days' (consecutive) usage, thrice daily. The study lasted 16 weeks with 4 weeks of active treatment. The patients were examined on a weekly basis, and a clinically and HPV‐DNA‐confirmed total regression of lesions was recorded as cured. Patients cured during the treatment were spared further therapy and were requested to visit us as scheduled for poststudy follow‐up. RESULTS: Findings indicated that patients treated with leukocyte interferon‐alpha cream had shown comparatively better results than the podophyllotoxin‐treated group (90 vs. 55%, p < 0.0285) or the placebo group (15%). Mild and transient localized erythema (8.3%), burning sensation (6.6%) and transitory increase in body temperature (> 38 degrees C$$$ 6.6%) were the most frequent adverse symptoms with no dropout. The study was followed up for 1 year, and out of 32/60 (53.3%) cured patients 3 had a relapse after 10 months. CONCLUSION: Leukocyte interferon‐alpha (2 x 10(6) IU/g) has shown comparatively better results than 0.5% podophyllotoxin and placebo in a hydrophilic cream base, thus leukocyte interferon‐alpha in cream may provide an alternative and effective regimen to treat genital warts in males.
The impact of vitamin D supplementation as an adjuvant therapy on clinical outcomes in patients with severe atopic dermatitis: a randomized controlled trial$$$ Vitamin D supplementation with standard treatment yielded positive clinical outcomes in mild and moderate atopic dermatitis$$$ however, the potential benefit of vitamin D in severe cases remains unclear. This study aimed to evaluate the impact of vitamin D supplementation on response to standard treatment in pediatrics with severe atopic dermatitis. The patients were randomized to receive either vitamin D 3 1600 IU/day or placebo, plus baseline therapy of topical 1% hydrocortisone cream twice daily for 12 weeks. The primary endpoints were the change in mean Eczema Area and Severity Index (EASI) score at the end of the study and the mean percent change in EASI score from baseline to week 12. Eighty‐six subjects completed the study. The treated group achieved a significant higher level of 25 hydroxy vitamin D (P < .001) compared to control group at week 12. The mean EASI score was significantly lower in the treatment group compared to placebo group (P = .035). The percent change in EASI score from baseline differed significantly between the supplementation (56.44 ± 29.33) and placebo (42.09 ± 19.22) groups after intervention (P = .039). Vitamin D supplementation could be an effective adjuvant treatment that improves the clinical outcomes in severe atopic dermatitis.
A comparison of photodynamic therapy using topical methyl aminolevulinate (Metvix) with single cycle cryotherapy in patients with actinic keratosis: a prospective, randomized study$$$ BACKGROUND: Actinic keratosis (AK) is a very common condition, which has the potential of progressing to squamous cell carcinoma. The present study is a prospective, randomized study comparing the lesion response, cosmetic outcome, patient satisfaction and tolerability of a new treatment modality, photodynamic therapy (PDT), using topical methyl aminolevulinate (Metvix), with the most commonly used standard therapy for AK, cryotherapy. METHODS: A total of 204 patients with clinically diagnosed AK were randomized to either cryotherapy or PDT. The PDT patients were further assigned to an active or placebo group in a random, double‐blind manner. Cryotherapy was performed using liquid nitrogen spray in a single freeze‐thaw cycle. PDT was performed using 160 mg/g methyl aminolevulinate cream or placebo, a 3‐hour application time, red light (570‐670 nm) and a total light dose of 75 J/cm(2). PDT was repeated after 7 days. Two sessions of PDT were undertaken, as a previous study had shown a single session had similar efficacy to cryotherapy. Lesion response was assessed clinically after 3 months (complete response or non‐complete response). RESULTS: The lesion response rate was 91% in the methyl aminolevulinate PDT group, 68% in the cryotherapy group and 30% in the placebo PDT group. Methyl aminolevulinate PDT was statistically significantly better than both cryotherapy and placebo PDT in terms of response rates and cosmetic outcome. Most patients preferred PDT to other treatments. CONCLUSIONS: PDT with methyl aminolevulinate is an excellent treatment option, particularly for patients with widespread damage or AK lesions in cosmetically sensitive areas.
Preventive and treatment effects of multi-growth factors-containing cream on post-thyroidectomy scars: a single-blinded randomized controlled study$$$ Wound healing is a complex and dynamic process involving hemostasis, inflammation, new tissue formation, and tissue remodeling. This process is regulated by a signaling network involving numerous growth factors, cytokines and chemokines. The aim of this study is to assess the efficacy of multi‐growth factors (MGF)‐containing cream in the prevention and treatment of post‐thyroidectomy scars. Thirty six patients with thyroid carcinoma undergoing thyroidectomy were randomly assigned to the study or control group. Vancouver scar scale (VSS) and objective scar assessment including mexameter, cutometer and corneometer were assessed at baseline, at 2 weeks, at 6 weeks and 12 weeks after application of MGF‐containing cream or placebo. The mean VSS score of the study group was lower than the controls at 2 weeks (2.86 ± 2.41 vs 3.29 ± 1.38, respectively), 6 weeks (2.00 ± 1.41 vs 2.43 ± 0.98, respectively), and 12 weeks (1.71 ± 1.50 vs 1.86 ± 0.90, respectively) after application. The mean melanin and erythema indexes of the study group were lower than the controls at 2 weeks, 6 weeks, and 12 weeks. The mean cutometer data of the study group was higher than controls at 6 weeks, and 12 weeks. The mean corneometer data of the study group was higher than controls at 2 weeks, 6 weeks, and 12 weeks. Application of MGF‐containing cream improved the erythema, elasticity and water contents of the scar and this might be the reason for improved overall scar quality. Based on these results we suggest the MGF‐containing cream as a novel treatment option for postoperative scar prevention.
Clinical observation of treating rash induced by lung cancer targeted drug with Yangfei Xiaozhen Formula$$$ Objective: To observe the clinical eff ect of treating rash induced by lung cancer targeted drug with Yangfei Xiaozhen Formula. Methods: 80 lung cancer patients treated with targeted drugs were randomly divided into two groups, with 40 cases in each group. Patients in treatment group treated with Yangfei Xiaozhen Formula combined with external therapy, and patients in control group were treated with hydrocortisone cream. Before and after treatment, the rash grade, TCM syndrome scores and quality of life were observed. Results: After treatment, the rash grade of patients in treatment group was improved obviously compared with treatment before, and the curative eff ect was superior to that of control group signifi cantly. The total curative eff ect of rash grade of patients in treatment group was 75%, and the total curative eff ect of patients in control group was 55%. The curative eff ect of patients’ TCM syndrome in treatment group was superior to that of control group obviously, and the life quality of patients in treatment group was also better than that of control group. Conclusion: The curative eff ect of Yangfei Xiaozhen Formula in treating rash induced by lung cancer targeted drug was good.
Evaluation of the efficacy of a combination of diltiazem and periprostatic nerve block in pain control during transrectal ultrasound guided biopsy of the prostate$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Addition of diltiazem to para prostatic nerve block: patient will recieve both para prostatic nerve block and application of diltiazem. Nerve block will be given by 1% lignocaine on right side and then on the left side of the prostate. Thus a total of 10 ml of 1% lignocaine will be administered. these patients will also receive 2 ml of 2% diltiazem (topically). Control Intervention1: No Addition of diltiazem to para prostatic nerve block: patient will just receive para prostatic nerve block with 5ml of 1% lignocaine on right side and then on the left side of the prostate. Thus a total of 10 ml of 1% lignocaine will be administered. No application of diltiazem in this group of patients. CONDITION: clinical or biochemical suspicion of prostate carcinoma PRIMARY OUTCOME: Evaluation of the decrease in the pain score during prostate biopsy by the addition of diltiazem cream, applied intra and perirectaly.‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: the pain score assessment will be done at the time of insertion of probe in the rectum and again at the the time of prostate biopsy. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Any complications due to the addition of diltiazem cream during and after prostate biopsy‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: the complications occuring within 2 hours of the procedure will be noted. the patients will also be followed for one week to note delayed complications. INCLUSION CRITERIA: The patients who were to have their first prostatic biopsy due to clinical or biochemical suspicion of carcinoma prostate were included in the trial.
Clinical study on acupoint application with Chan Wu gel cream plus Five Notes Therapy in relieving cancer pain$$$ Objectives: To observe the clinical efficacy of acupoint application with Chan Wu gel cream plus five notes therapy in treating cancer pain. Methods: Eighty patients with cancer pain were randomized into a treatment group and a control group, 40 cases in each group. The treatment group received acupoint application with Chan Wu gel cream at the corresponding acupoints of the affected organ in asociation with the five notes therapy$$$ the control group was intervened by the three‐step analgesic ladder recommended by World Health Organization (WHO). The quality of life and pain intensity were scored before and after the intervention. Results: The quality of life and pain degree were significantly changed after the treatment in the two groups (P<0.01). The quality of life and pain intensity of the treatment group were significantly different from that of the control group (P<0.05). Conclusion: Acupoint application with Chan Wu gel cream plus five notes therapy is effective in mitigating cancer pain and improving the quality of life.
Systemic beta carotene plus topical UV-sunscreen are an optimal protection against harmful effects of natural UV-sunlight: results of the Berlin-Eilath study$$$ Increasing numbers of patients with different kinds of UV‐induced dermatoses and skin cancer$$$ are presenting at medical care institutions in many countries. If social and cultural behaviour does not change, lowering the risk of harmful effects of W radiation, for example by the use of topical and systemic preventive agents acting as sunscreens and antoxidants, is going to have to be a priority. We conducted a randomized, placebo controlled, double blind study in 20 healthy young female students (skin type II + III, body mass index 18‐22) to evaluate the efficacy of a moderate dose of 30 mg/d beta carotene (BC) after 10 weeks presupplementation and over 13 days, of time and intensity controlled sunlight exposure at sea level (30° latitude, Red Sea, Eilath, Israel) with regard to development skin erythema assessed by chromometry at selected skin sites with and without topical UVA/B sunscreen cream. In addition, BC blood levels, were regularly checked before and after UV‐exposure as well as epidermal Langerhans cell (LHC) density by biopsy, delayed type hypersensitivity by recall antigens and lymphocyte counts by flowcytometry‐analysis of the peripheral blood. A 10‐week BC‐supplementation did not lead to a visible carotenodermia. Development of erythema in selected skin areas exposed to natural sunlight was lower in the group supplemented with BC. Body areas in the verum group protected with sunscreen cream plus systemic BC showed lower median degrees of erythema. Serum levels of BC did not fall during sun exposure in the verum group under the normal value, whereas in the placebo group the levels decreased significantly to sub‐physiological levels. Langerhans cells increased significantly (p < 0.01) in density per sqmm/epidermis after presupplementation with BC. After UV‐exposure, LHC‐density decreased in both groups, however, compared to baseline levels this was significant (p < 0.05) in the temporary exposed skin region only for the placebo group. The lymphocyte counts and recall antigen profile did not change significantly. Presupplementation with moderate doses of beta carotene before and during natural sunlight exposure combined with topical sunscreens are more effective than sunscreen cream alone. From our results the use of such a combination for the general health of populations at risk e.g., before UV‐exposure during vacation would seem advisable.
Preventive effect of urea-based cream on sorafenib-associated hand-foot skin reactions in patients with advanced hepatocellular carcinoma: a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background and Aim: Sorafenib has emerged as the first effective systemic treatment for advanced unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC)$$$ however, dermatological adverse events, especially hand‐foot skin reaction (HFSR), frequently occur and may substantially reduce the patient's quality of life. The aim of this study is to assess whether urea‐based cream (UBC) has preventive benefits on Sorafenib induced HFSR in patients with advanced HCC. Methods: Two hundred and two patients with advanced HCC receiving Sorafenib treatment were randomly assigned to regular nursing (RN) plus UBC (n=101) group or RN alone (n=101) group. Patients in the RN plus UBC group were given UBC (10% urea, Eucerin$$$ Beiersdorf, Hamburg, Germany) three times daily on hands and feet from the first day of Sorafenib treatment. HFSR was assessed every week during the treatment of Sorafenib (week 0‐12) and two weeks after that (week 13 and 14). Results: The cumulative incidence of HFSR was significantly lower in the RN plus UBC group (48.5%) than in the RN alone group (70.3%). Moreover, the incidence of grade 2/3 HFSR in the RN plus UBC group was markedly lower than that in the RN alone group (19.8% vs. 36.6%, respectively$$$ P=0.01). In addition, the median time from baseline to the onset of HFSR was significant longer in the RN plus UBC group (58 days) than in the RN alone group (30 days). Conclusion: RN plus UBC significantly reduced the incidence and severity of Sorafenib‐induced HFSR, prolonged the time to the onset of HFSR, and may therefore be considered as a standard of treatment in advanced HCC patients receiving Sorafenib.
Analgesic effect of structured anal skin care for perianal dermatitis after low anterior resection in the rectal cancer patients: prospective, single-center, open-label, therapeutic confirmatory, randomized clinical trial$$$ PURPOSE: This prospective, single‐center, open‐label, therapeutic confirmatory, randomized clinical trial aimed to assess the alleviation of anal pain by applying structured anal skin care including skin protectants in rectal cancer patients with low anterior resection syndrome (LARS) combined with anal pain. METHODS: From December 2017 to May 2020, 42 patients with LARS (scores of =21) and anal pain (visual analogue scale [VAS] score of =3) were randomly assigned and observed for 4 weeks. The conventional treatment consisted of dietary management, sitz baths, prohibition of anal scrubbing, loperamide, and dioctahedral smectite. In the anal care group, cleanser, barrier cream, and barrier spray were applied to the anal skin after defecation following the conventional treatment. The primary outcome was analgesic effect on anal pain after 2 weeks of structured treatment (anal care group) or conventional (control group). The cutoff for analgesic effect was a decrease in the anal pain score (VAS score of =2 or =30% reduction). RESULTS: As a primary outcome, the analgesic effect was significantly higher in the anal care group (P = 0.034). The incontinence‐associated dermatitis skin condition score was significantly improved in the anal care group than control group after 4 weeks (P = 0.023). There were no significant differences in LARS scores and quality of life scores between 2 groups. CONCLUSION: Structured anal skin care has a significant analgesic effect in reducing anal pain and improving anal skin conditions in patients with LARS after rectal cancer surgery.
Feasibility of a Keratin-Based Topical Cream for Radiation Dermatitis in Patients with Head and Neck Cancer: results of a Randomized Pilot Study$$$ Purpose/Objective(s): Acute radiation dermatitis (RD) is a frequent toxicity associated with radiotherapy (RT) for head and neck cancer (HNC). KeraStat Cream (KC), an emulsion‐based wound dressing that acts as a protective barrier that promotes the healing of minor skin wounds and partial‐thickness burns, has not yet been studied in patients receiving RT for HNC. Materials/Methods: This randomized, open‐label pilot study enrolled patients with HNC planned to receive definitive or postoperative RT to a total dose of at least 60 Gy. The study excluded patients with a history of prior RT, use of topical corticosteroids, scleroderma, lupus, or treatment with anti‐EGFR therapy. Eligible patients were randomized to KC or routine skin care (RSC, patient choice of a variety of commercially available topical creams/lotions), applied at least twice daily during and for 1 month after RT. Assessments were performed at baseline, weekly during RT, and 1‐month after RT. The primary outcome was adherence to the prescribed skin care regimen (at least 10 applications per week of treatment, starting at week 2). Secondary outcomes were the incidence rates of clinician‐rated and patient‐reported dermatitis (CTCAE and PRO‐CTCAE grades 2+) and the Dermatologic Life Quality Index (DLQI, range 0‐30 with a higher number indicating worse skin‐related quality of life) at the last assessment before radiotherapy completion (end‐RT). Results: Of 29 patients enrolled, 24 (n = 12 in each group) were randomized and completed the study. Most patients had stage III‐IV disease (17, 71%), and the most common primary site was the oropharynx (n = 11, 46%), followed by the oral cavity (n = 7), larynx (n = 5), and sinonasal (n = 1). The median RT dose was 68 Gy (range 60‐70), median skin V60 was 37.2 cc (range 1.5‐107.6), and median skin V70 was 0 cc (range 0‐24.9), with no differences between groups. The bilateral neck was treated in most patients (n = 19, 79%), primary site treated in 3 and unilateral neck treated in 2 patients. Most patients received concurrent chemotherapy (n = 18, 75%). Complete adherence to assigned skin care was observed in 7/12 (58%) patients in the RSC group vs. 10/12 (83%) patients in the KC group (p = 0.65). Nearly all patient‐weeks were adherent: 64/67 patients in the KC group and 61/68 patients in the RSC group (p = 0.20). Incidence rates of G2+ RD were similar between the KC and RSC groups: CTCAE, 9/12 vs. 7/12 (p = 0.67)$$$ PRO‐CTCAE, 10/12 vs. 8/12 (p = 0.64). When measured at end‐RT, mean RD scores were similar between the KC and RSC groups: CTCAE, 1.4 vs. 1.8 (p = 0.30)$$$ PRO‐CTCAE, 2.0 vs. 2.0 (p = 1)$$$ DLQI (4.8 vs. 4.6, p = 0.92). Repeated measures analysis showed no difference between arms for CTCAE (p = 0.72), PRO‐CTCAE (p = 0.96), or DLQI (p = 0.78). Conclusion: A randomized study of KC vs. RSC is feasible with good adherence to assigned skin care, particularly in the KC group. Future randomized trials are warranted to investigate the efficacy of this novel topical approach to RD during radiotherapy for HNC.
Comparison study between chamomile and calendula creams to prevent radiation-induced skin lesions$$$ INTERVENTION: Calendula Chamomile Other Research participants will apply chamomile cream or calendula topically, in the treatment region, according to the research protocol. The observing researcher will not know which product is being used by each participant. A thin layer will be applied, three times a day, with previously clean hands, from the first to the last day of the radiotherapy session, with the treatment region being evaluated every 5 sessions. Only after the end of the data collection will the blinding be undone and it will be possible to discriminate the groups according to each topic used. CONDITION: Wounds and Injuries wounds and injuries $$$ Wounds and Injuries PRIMARY OUTCOME: To compose the sample, all patients treated at the two radiotherapy services were considered for a period of 6 (six) months. It is estimated that in this period, based on the history of the services, about 50 patients will be evaluated. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Both groups using chamomile cream and calendula cream are expected to have low incidences in the development of radiodermatitis and skin toxicity grades. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Both sexes$$$ age equal to or over 18 years$$$ diagnosis of head and neck cancer
Is Calendula useful for radiation dermatitis in breast cancer? A single-centre clinical trial$$$ Purpose or Objective Radiation dermatitis (RD) is a common side effect of radiotherapy in breast cancer patients. No definitive guidelines are available for the management of RD, with treatment varying substantially among institutions. The current standard of skin care is the topical application of barrier creams with different formulations that have been developed and tested to prevent, delay and resolve the appearance of this frequent adverse effect. Calendula is extracted from the marigold flower of the Compositae family (Calendula officinalis). The bioactive compounds of Calendula may have antioxidant properties and act to enhance re‐epithelialisation. Calendula has been studied in clinical trials for RD, with variable results. The aim of this clinical trial was to compare the efficacy of a new cream formulation with Calendula (case group) versus standard topical treatment at our department (control group) for reducing RD. Materials and Methods A single‐centre parallel‐group trial was designed ad hoc. Eligible women had to undergo adjuvant radiotherapy treatment after surgery. 65 patients agreed to take part in this study. 6 patients were excluded for various reasons (mastitis, use of unconventional fractionation, use of various creams not recommended by our team), leaving a final sample of 59 patients. Patients were assigned to each group with simple randomization, obtaining 31 patients on the case group (52.5%) and 29 on the control group (47.5%). The presence of RD was assessed two weeks after the end of radiotherapy. RD was graded using CTCAE criteria v5.0. Furthermore, we analyzed the need to add other topical treatments (dressings or corticosteroid creams). Results 69.5% had mild erythema or dry peeling (61.3% case group vs. 78.6% control group), 27.1% had moderate erythema or wet peeling (32.3% vs. 21.4%) and 3.4% developed wet desquamation in other areas or bleeding (6.5% vs. 0%)$$$ obtaining that there was no statistically significative difference between both groups (x2 = 3.075$$$ p = 0.215). We analyzed the need to add dressings or topical corticosteroids as treatment. 13 women (22%) needed these treatments: 7 (22.6%) patients in the case group and 6 (21.4%) in the control group. As result, there was no statistically significative difference between both groups (x2 = 0.011$$$ p = 0.915) with an odds ratio of 1.069 in favour of the Calendula group [0.311‐3.675]. Conclusion Given the findings of this study, the probability of having RD was 1.069 higher in the case group, being this difference not statistically significative. Calendula appears to be a useful topical therapy in the treatment and prevention of radiation‐induced skintoxicity$$$ however, the evidence for its use remains weak. It is necessary to conduct a clinic assay with a larger number of patients to confirm the inclusion of this new formulation as an option for the RD treatment.
A randomized single blinded phase II trial comparing efficacy and quality of life of topical aloe vera gel plus urea cream versus urea cream alone for prevention of hand-foot syndrome in cancer patients receiving capecitabine$$$ Background: Capecitabine is an oral antimetabolite chemotherapy apply for various types of cancers. One of the most common adverse events of capecitabine is hands‐foot‐syndrome (HFS). The incidence of HFS is generally about 50%‐60%, while grade 3 toxicity occurs about 10%‐20%. Interrupting capecitabine due to adverse events improve symptoms but may decrease efficacy of treatment. Products with aloe‐vera component was introduced in many studies and showed efficacy in improvement of skin problems. Aloe vera gel with urea cream combination may increase efficacy in HFS for prevention and treatment. Methods: The study was a randomized single‐blinded phase II study. The screening and randomization began in December 2021 until January 2023. Patients who diagnosed with cancer that appropriated for receiving capecitabine were randomized 1:1 by using the block of four. The treatment group received both aloe vera gel and 10% urea cream, while controlled group received 10% urea cream. The sample size was calculated using 90% power to show a 20% reduction of the incidence of HFS grade 2‐3 with aloe vera gel plus urea cream. The significant p‐value was p‐value <0.05. Results: There were 61 patients in this study. Patients in both groups had a good compliance. There were 30 patients in aloe vera plus 10% urea cream group and 31 patients in 10% urea cream group. In aloe vera plus 10% urea cream group, there are 86.7% in grade 0‐1 HFS and 13.3% in grade 2‐3 HFS, while in 10% urea cream group, there are 64.5% in grade 0‐1 HFS and 35.5% in grade 2‐3 HFS, p‐value was 0.045.There are statistically significant lower grade 2‐3 of HFS in aloe vera and 10% urea cream combination arm. [Formula presented] Conclusions: Combination aloe vera gel to 10% urea cream decrease the incidence of grade 2‐3 HFS in cancer patients being treated with capecitabine. No statistical difference in quality of life according to DLQI between two groups. Clinical trial identification: TCTR20230411005. Legal entity responsible for the study: Department of internal medicine, Faculty of Medicine, Vajira hospital, Navamindradhiraj University. Funding: The present study was supported by the Navamindradhiraj University Research Fund. This study was approved by Vajira institutional Review Board (COA 236/2564). Disclosure: All authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
Vaginal estrogen therapy for the treatment of atrophic vaginitis$$$ The prevalence of atrophic vaginitis (AV) is particularly high among postmenopausal women who experience decreased ovarian estrogen production. This common menopausal condition, which is often underreported and underdiagnosed, is caused by estrogen‐related changes to the vaginal epithelium and can adversely affect quality of life. An accurate diagnosis of AV and its severity is important in choosing the appropriate treatment. Numerous formulations for estrogen therapy are available, and the safety and efficacy of these preparations for the treatment of AV have been evaluated in randomized controlled clinical trials. Although systemic administration of estrogen is effective in treating acute vasomotor symptoms typically associated with perimenopause and early menopause, standard doses may not be sufficient for the treatment of AV‐related symptoms that generally arise after long‐term estrogen deficiency. Thus, vaginal estrogen preparations (e.g., creams, tablets, rings) are more often recommended for women with moderate to severe AV. With any estrogen therapy, consideration of the potential adverse effects vs. associated benefits is necessary. Appropriate clinical intervention with vaginal estrogen formulations may safely offer postmenopausal women relief from undesirable symptoms and emotional distress associated with AV.
Surgical excision versus imiquimod 5% cream for basal-cell carcinoma (SINS): a multi-centre non-inferiority randomised controlled trial$$$ Basal cell carcinoma (BCC) incidence is increasing worldwide. Imiquimod cream may be useful for people with BCC occurring in low‐risk body sites, but it has not been compared head to head with standard excisional surgery. We conducted a non‐inferiority randomised controlled trial comparing imiquimod 5% cream with surgical excision with a 4mm margin in 501 participants with primary nodular or superficial BCC. Primary outcome was the proportion of participants with clinical evidence of “success”, defined as absence of initial treatment failure or signs of local recurrence at 3 years. At 3 years significantly fewer participants in the imiquimod group (83.6%) were successfully treated compared to the surgical group (98.4%), relative risk (RR) 0.84 (98%CI, 0.78 to 0.91), with most imiquimod treatment failures occurring in the first year after treatment. Imiquimod could not be said to be non‐inferior to surgery at three years since it did not meet our predefined noninferiority criterion of RR=0.87. Significantly fewer participants in the imiquimod group were successfully treated compared to surgery at years one and two, RR 0.88 (98%CI, 0.82 to 0.93) and RR 0.86 (98%CI, 0.80 to 0.92), respectively. More participants experienced at least moderate pain during imiquimod treatment compared to surgery whereas less pain was experienced with imiquimod than surgery during the follow‐up period. There was no significant difference in cosmetic appearance when rated by participants, but a difference in favour of imiquimod was noted by dermatologists from photographs. There were fewer treatment failures in the surgery group compared with imiquimod and little difference in cost between them. Imiquimod cream may still be a useful treatment option in primary care for small low risk superficial or nodular BCC depending on patient preference.
Efficacy and safety of low-dose regimens of conjugated estrogens cream administered vaginally$$$ OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to evaluate the efficacy and safety of low‐dose conjugated estrogens (CE) cream for treatment of atrophic vaginitis. METHODS: Postmenopausal women (N = 423) with moderate‐to‐severe vaginal atrophy were randomized to CE cream 0.3 mg or placebo once daily (21 days on/7 days off) or twice weekly for 12 weeks, followed by open‐label treatment with CE cream for 40 weeks consistent with their prior regimen. Primary endpoints were changes in vaginal maturation index (VMI$$$ percentage of superficial cells), vaginal pH, and severity of participant‐reported most bothersome symptom (vaginal dryness, itching, burning, or dyspareunia) at week 12. Endometrial safety was assessed by transvaginal ultrasound and endometrial biopsy for 52 weeks. RESULTS: At week 12, improvements in VMI with daily and twice‐weekly use of low‐dose CE cream (27.9% and 25.8%, respectively) were significantly greater compared with placebo (3.0% and 1.0%, respectively$$$ P < 0.001). Improvements in vaginal pH with daily and twice‐weekly CE cream (‐1.6 for both) were also significantly greater relative to placebo (‐0.4 and ‐0.3, respectively$$$ P < 0.001). VMI and vaginal pH responses were sustained through 52 weeks. Both CE cream regimens significantly reduced most bothersome symptom scores compared with placebo (P < or = 0.001), including those for dyspareunia (P < or = 0.01). There was no report of endometrial hyperplasia or carcinoma. Adverse events occurred with similar frequency among the active and placebo groups during the double‐blind phase. CONCLUSIONS: Daily and twice‐weekly use of low‐dose CE cream was equally effective in relieving symptoms of vulvovaginal atrophy. Both regimens showed endometrial safety and sustained efficacy during 1 year of therapy.
Natural Skin Care Products as Adjunctive to Prescription Therapy in Moderate to Severe Rosacea$$$ Background: Rosacea is characterized by irritation associated with erythema, telangiectasias and papules/pustules. Whole formula nature‐based sensitive skin products are formulated to maintain skin barrier and appropriate hydration that can lead to soothing benefits. Objective: To evaluate the efficacy and tolerability of a regimen consisting of a cleanser containing natural oils, beeswax, and witch hazel and day and night creams containing natural oils, glycerin, and botanical anti‐inflammatories (NR)$$$ and a synthetic dermatologist‐recommended regimen of cetyl alcohol, sodium lauryl sulphate‐containing cleanser, and glycerin, polyisobutene‐containing lotion (CR) in subjects with rosacea. Methods: 80 female subjects with rosacea who received 6 weeks of 0.75% metronidazole gel, were randomized to receive NR or CR, twice daily, for 4 weeks in conjunction with the gel. Blinded investigator global assessment of rosacea, investigator‐rated, and subject‐rated overall skin appearance was assessed using a 5‐point scale (0=none, 4=severe) at baseline, 2 weeks, and 4 weeks. Noninvasive skin assessments for skin hydration and skin barrier function were made by corneometry and TEWL, respectively. Results: NR resulted in improvement in investigator global assessment of rosacea measures at 4 weeks from baseline (erythema, 28%$$$ telangiectasia, 26%$$$ papules/pustules, 34%: P<0.001) and CR resulted in a 8 to 12% improvement. Differences between treatments were statistically significant. Overall skin appearance measured by the investigator was clinically and statistically improved from baseline by 32% and 12% with NR and CR, respectively. Overall skin appearance measured by subjects was improved by both NR and CR from baseline with no differences between treatments. Both regimens improved barrier function from baseline to week 4 (13%, NR$$$ 14%, CR). NR decreased hydration by 21% from baseline at week 4 while CR increased hydration by 14% (P<0.001 from NR). No clinically significant tolerability issues were reported in either regimen at week 4. Conclusion: NR was effective, well tolerated, and superior to CR in the management of rosacea, concomitantly treated with metronidazole. National Clinical Trial Identifier: NCT03392558 J Drugs Dermatol. 2019$$$18(2):141‐146.
Single course of 5-fluorouracil treatment prevents new actinic keratoses for 6 to 12 months$$$ Actinic keratoses (AKs) progress to squamous cell carcinoma at a rate of 0.1‐0.6% per year and are a prevalent and costly public health concern. 5‐fluorouracil (5‐FU) cream is an effective AK treatment, but prior studies have not been designed to evaluate 5‐FU for chemoprophylaxis. We sought to determine whether a single course of 5‐FU reduced new AKs. We studied 319 participants enrolled in a double‐blind placebo‐controlled trial of a single course of topical 5‐FU versus vehicle control cream applied to the face and ears. Study dermatologists performed skin examinations every 6 months (mean follow‐up 31 months), and AKs were marked, photographed and treated with cryosurgery (starting at 6 months). Digital photographs of the face and ears were used to map and track each AK. At baseline, 2,386 AKs were identified, median 5 AKs per person in both groups. At 6 months, only 56% (85/152) of individuals treated with 5‐FU had >1 new AK compared to 78% (128/164) in the placebo group (difference: 22%, 95%CI 4‐40%$$$ p<0.001). Similarly, there were fewer new AKs per person in the 5‐FU group compared to the placebo group at 6 months (1.8 vs. 4.7, difference: 2.9, 95%CI 2.6‐3.3$$$ p<0.001). There was also a smaller but significant difference at 12 months but not thereafter. The magnitude of effect of 5‐FU was greater for participants with > 5 baseline AKs. Of note, the incidence rate of new AKs in the placebo group decreased over the first 2.5 years and then stabilized, perhaps due to improved adherence to sunscreen and sun protective measures during the study. Our findings show that 5‐FU prevents AK development on the face and ears in high‐risk patients for 6 to 12 months following treatment, supporting the use of 5‐FU for AK chemoprophylaxis.
The clinical efficacy of mucopolysacharide polysulfate cream and hydrocortisone butyrate ointment in the treatment of radiation dermatitis in patients with breast cancer$$$ Objective: To observe the clinical efficacy of mucopolysachatide polysulfate cream and hydrocortisone butyrate ointment in the treatment of radiation dermatitis in patients with breast cancer. Methods: Ninety‐eight breast cancer patients with radiation dermatitis after radiotherapy were randomly divided into two groups: the treatment group (65 cases) and control group (33 cases). The treatment group were treated with mucopolysacharide polyslfate cream combined with hydrocortisone butyrate ointment, the control group were given hydrocortisone butyrate ointment only. The therapeutic effects of the two groups were compared. Results: After treatment, the total effective rate of the treatment group was 92.3% and that of the control group was 72.7%. The treatment group had better therapeutic effect than that of the control group (P<0.05). Conclusion: Mucopolysacharide polysulfate cream combined with hydrocortisone butyrate ointment for radiation dermatitis has good therapeutic effect. It is safe and convenient to use, and worthy of clinical application.
Skin protection by use of sucralfate cream during external beam radiotherapy for breast cancer: a prospective double-blind randomized phase II study$$$ ECCO II, European Cancer Conference$$$ 2001 Oct 21‐25$$$ Lisbon, Portugal.
Efficacy of topical Alpha ointment (containing natural henna) compared to topical hydrocortisone (1%) in the healing of radiation-induced dermatitis in patients with breast cancer: a randomized controlled clinical trial$$$ This two‐arm, randomized clinical study aimed to compare efficacy between topical Alpha ointment and topical hydrocortisone cream (1%) in the healing of radiation‐induced dermatitis in breast cancer patients. Methods: The inclusion criteria comprised newly pathologically proven, locally advanced breast cancer (treated with modified radical mastectomy followed by sequential adjuvant treatments, including chest wall radiotherapy [45‐50.4 Gy]) and grade 2 and/or 3 chest wall dermatitis. The exclusion criteria were comprised of any underlying disease or medications interfering with the wound healing process, previous history of chest wall radiotherapy, and concurrent use of chemotherapy. Sixty eligible patients were randomly assigned to use either topical Alpha ointment (study arm, n=30) or topical hydrocortisone cream (1%) (control arm, n=30) immediately after receiving a total dose of 45‐50 Gy chest wall radiotherapy. Results: The mean radiation dose was 49.1 Gy in the control arm and 48.8 Gy in the study arm. The mean dermatitis area was 13.54 cm2 in the control arm and 17.02 cm2 in the study arm. Topical Alpha ointment was more effective on the healing of radiation‐induced dermatitis than was topical hydrocortisone cream (1%) (P=0.001). This effect was significant in the second week (P=0.007). In addition, Alpha ointment decreased the patients' complaints such as pain (P<0.001), pruritus (P=0.009), and discharge (P=0.010) effectively and meaningfully. Conclusion: Topical Alpha ointment was more effective on the healing of radiation‐induced dermatitis than was topical hydrocortisone cream (1%) in our patients with breast cancer.
A double-blind randomized trial on the effectiveness of mometasone 0.1% cream and hydrocortisone 1% cream on the prevention of acute radiation dermatitis in breast cancer patients following$$$ Background: Despite the high prevalence of acute radiation dermatitis (ARD) in breast radiation treatment, data about its prevention is inconsistent. We conducted the present research to investigate whether the use of topical corticosteroids with different potencies or moisturizing cream could prevent ARD. Method: In this double‐blind randomized trial, 120 patients, who had undergone breast conserving surgery for breast cancer, were randomly assigned to use Mometasone 0.1% cream or hydrocortisone 1% cream or moisturizing base cream from the first day of radiotherapy throughout the entire course. CTCAE v. 4 scale was utilized to score the grade of ARD. The outcomes were analysed with relevant statistical methods. Results: 105 subjects were analysed. Mometasone delayed the incidence of grade 1 ARD in a week. However, no differences were observed among the groups concerning the incidence of the maximum ARD grade (χ2 (6, N= 104)=8.12, P=0.2). Moreover, the timing of the maximum ARD was not significantly different among the groups (χ2 (4, N =84) = 2.87, P=0.58). Conclusion: This study demonstrated that the application of corticosteroid creams (hydrocortisone 1% or Mometasone 0.1%) does not result into a significant difference concerning the timing and incidence of ARD occurrence when compared with daily skin care and use of emollient.
Topical application of nanoparticles containing vitamin e for radiodermatitis prevention in women with breast cancer$$$ Background and Aims: The current prevalence of radiodermatitis (RD) is 95‐100%, increasing patients suffering. This study aims to evaluate acute RD prevention effect of a cream with lipid nanoparticles (LN) containing vitamin E (VitE 2%) in women with breast cancer. Method: A randomized, double‐blind pilot study, with 40 women divided into three groups$$$ 12 topically applied LN cream containing vitE (Intervention), 14 applied cream without LN and without vitE (Control1), and 14 applied cream with LN without vitE (Control2). The incidence, as well as the classification of radiodermatitis and the reaction appearance time, were measured as primary outcomes. All participants applied the cream three times a day and were evaluated three times a week. 65% received a booster dose of radiation during the treatment. The Ethics Committee approved the protocol. Results: All patients presented radiodermatitis. Intervention group had bigger incidence of RD 1o (58%), Control1 (35,7%) RD 3o and Control 2 RD 2o (35,7%). Intervention group had a longer onset time of radiodermatitis in patients who did not receive the boost dose (p=0.03) and the occurrence of mild inframammary erythema (p=0.04). Pruritus was reported by 90% of the women, with more duration in the Intervention group (p=0.05). Applications: It was observed a potential protective effect of the lipid nanoparticles cream containing vitamin E. A bigger sample is needed to perform a complete clinical trial and confirm statistical analysis.
Comparison of Pueraria mirifica Gel and Conjugated Equine Oestrogen Cream Effects on Vaginal Health in Postmenopausal Women$$$ INTERVENTION: Pueraria mirifica gel extract from Kwao Krua Kao, A Thai herb that was popular and had been used as an elixir for a hundred years., A local vaginal estrogen cream which FDA approved for treatment of vulvovaginal symptoms CONDITION: postmenopausal women$$$ vaginal dryness$$$ pueraria mirifica$$$ vaginal cytology$$$ lactobacillus grading Vulvovaginal symptom $$$ postmenopausal women$$$ vaginal dryness$$$ pueraria mirifica$$$ vaginal cytology$$$ lactobacillus grading PRIMARY OUTCOME: Vaginal Maturation Index [Timeframe 1st visit, 6‐week and 12‐week Vaginal cytology for assessing maturation index] SECONDARY OUTCOME: Lactobacillus grading [Timeframe 1st visit, 12‐week Vaginal smear for Gram stain] Vaginal assessment score [Timeframe 1st visit, 6‐week, 12‐week Pelvic examination and scored by examiner] Vaginal symptom score [Timeframe 1st visit, 6‐week, 12‐week Questionaire] INCLUSION CRITERIA: A healthy postmenopausal women who 1. aged 40‐75 years 2. last menstrual period at least one year before 3. intact uterus 4. have at least one of vulvovaginal symptom$$$ dryness, soreness, irritation, dyspareunia or abnormal discharge 5. no contraindication for hormone therapy 6. no history of breast and any hormonal sensitive cancer
Investigating the therapeutic effectiveness of verified ALOE barbadensis in reducing cutaneous side-effects of radiation treatment for breast cancer$$$ Abstract Number: 4077 Background: ALOE is considered to have therapeutic properties for treating various skin conditions. Recent studies have investigated the effectiveness of commercial "aloe" products in reducing radiation dermatitis. However, these studies did not provide information specific to the effectiveness of ALOE, as the quality of the "Aloe" in the products was not assured. Therefore, the effectiveness of ALOE as a therapeutic in reducing radiation induced skin reactions remain unanswered. Material and Methods: A three Arm randomized partially blinded Phase III clinical trial was conducted to determine if use of ALOE cream [30mg/100ml concentration] during radiation treatment would reduce skin reaction and symptom severity.The ALOE was specially prepared for the study using a process derived by Dr. Strickland and colleagues at the University of Texas, Houston that assures a quality biological active product. Quality analysis of the ALOE was conducted. Skin reaction and symptom response data was collected weekly during treatment and at weeks 1,2,and 4 post ‐radiation. Skin assessment were conducted by blinded assessors using a 10 category tool. Patients described their symptoms using 5‐point Likert scales. Patients also kept weekly diaries of skin treatment effectiveness. Photos of the skin were taken at five time points to enhance reliability of skin reaction scoring. Results: 248 patients were randomized into the trial between March 2002 and November 2003. 237 participants were retained in the study (min. 77/Arm). Analysis of the severity as it relates to breast size, chest‐wall size, prior chemotherapy, radiation technique, and smoking history are presented. Effectiveness of the ALOE is presented using a two‐tailed t‐test at a significance level of 0.025 with a power of 0.80 and Kaplan‐Meier curves and logrank test. The timing of maximum skin reactions, relationship of variables to severity, and details on symptom severity provides guidance for establishing BEST care protocols for these patients. Discussion:This randomized clinical trial indicates whether application of ALOE in a 30mg/100ml concentration, TID, during radiation treatment for breast cancer is effective in reducing radiation induced skin reactions and associated symptoms as compared to a standard protocol of using powder.This is the first known reported study using defined ALOE in a clinical trial with this patient population. Therefore, this study provides an enhanced scientific base for conducting additional research into the effectiveness of ALOE in reducing radiation dermatitis.
Intensified photodynamic therapy of actinic keratoses with fractional CO2 laser: a randomized clinical trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Photodynamic therapy (PDT) with methyl aminolaevulinate (MAL) is effective for thin actinic keratoses (AKs) in field‐cancerized skin. Ablative fractional laser resurfacing (AFXL) creates vertical channels that facilitate MAL uptake and may improve PDT efficacy. OBJECTIVES: To evaluate efficacy and safety of AFXL‐assisted PDT (AFXL‐PDT) compared with conventional PDT in field‐directed treatment of AK. METHODS: Fifteen patients with a total of 212 AKs (severity grade I‐III) in field‐cancerized skin of the face and scalp were randomized to one treatment with PDT and one treatment with AFXL‐PDT in two symmetrical areas. Following curettage of both treatment areas, AFXL was applied to one area using 10 mJ per pulse, 0·12 mm spot, 5% density, single pulse (UltraPulse(®), DeepFx handpiece$$$ Lumenis Inc., Santa Clara, CA, U.S.A.). MAL cream was then applied under occlusion for 3 h and illuminated with red light‐emitting diode light at 37 J cm(‐2). Fluorescence photography quantified protoporphyrin IX (PpIX) before and after illumination. RESULTS: At 3‐month follow‐up, AFXL‐PDT was significantly more effective than PDT for all AK grades. Complete lesion response of grade II‐III AK was 88% after AFXL‐PDT compared with 59% after PDT (P = 0·02). In grade I AK, 100% of lesions cleared after AFXL‐PDT compared with 80% after PDT (P = 0·04). AFXL‐PDT‐treated skin responded with significantly fewer new AK lesions (AFXL‐PDT n = 3, PDT n = 11$$$ P = 0·04) and more improved photoageing (moderate vs. minor improvement, P = 0·007) than PDT‐treated skin. Pain scores during illumination (6·5 vs. 5·4$$$ P = 0·02), erythema and crusting were more intense, and long‐term pigmentary changes more frequent from AFXL‐PDT than PDT (P = not significant). PpIX fluorescence was higher in AFXL‐pretreated skin [7528 vs. 12,816 arbitrary units (AU)$$$ P = 0·003] and photobleached to equal intensities after illumination (AFXL‐PDT 595 AU, PDT 454 AU$$$ P = 0·59). CONCLUSIONS: AFXL‐PDT is more effective than conventional PDT for treatment of AK in field‐cancerized skin.
Randomized trial on the efficacy of two non steroidal drugs in the prevention of skin damage induced by radiotherapy$$$ The aim of this study is to evaluate the reparative properties of the Restitutio Restructuring Cream (RRC) produced in two formulations for the skin injuries caused by radiation in patients undergoing radiotherapy treatment: "A formulation", cutaneous emulsion based on alginates$$$ "B formulation", cutaneous emulsion based on alginates, hyaluronic acid, and beta‐glucan. A total of 64 patients were recruited in the protocol: 52 patients with breast cancer operated on conservatively and requiring postoperative radiotherapy and 12 patients with head and neck cancer requiring curative radiotherapy. Patients were randomized to receive, during radiotherapy, a topical treatment with RRC on the irradiated skin. Overall 39 patients reported skin toxicity at grade 1. Grade 2 of skin toxicity was observed in only 6 patients with breast cancer. We have not observed any cases of grade 3 or more of skin toxicity requiring break in radiotherapy treatment. Results were assessed not only in terms of grade and overall reduction in toxicity but also in terms of full regression of skin lesions with "ad integrum restitutio" and in terms of rapidity of repair of radio‐induced damage. Both formulations of cream used showed good effectiveness though better for "B formulation"$$$ "ad integrum restitutio" was good and occurred on average within 5 and a half weeks.
Study about the treatment of pre-cancer skin lesions$$$ INTERVENTION: D03.383.742.698.875.404 E02.218.170 E02.547.800.500 Procedure/surgery Randomized clinical trial with 44 upper limbs (in 17 patients), 17 upper limbs were randomized to topical treatment with 70% glycolic acid peeling gel combined with 5‐fluorouracil 5% peel in solution and 17 upper limbs were treated with 5‐fluorouracil 5% cream. The peels were applied at the doctor's office by the attending physician every 15 days, with a total of four sessions. The peeling was carried out as follows: cleaning and degreasing of the skin with acetone and gauze followed by the application of a layer of glycolic acid 70% gel (UNIJUÃ?‐RS Pharmacy) with the gloved fingers until the appearance of erythema or frosting, with posterior neutralization with 10% sodium bicarbonate solution (UNIJUÃ?‐RS Pharmacy). The 5% 5‐fluorouracil solution (Pharmacia UNIJUÃ?‐RS) was then applied with the gloved fingers that remained in contact with the skin for 12 hours, without association of occlusive agents. Patients were instructed to remove the substance at home with local lavage. On the day after each session, the patient was instructed to use solid petroleum jelly (at night), sunscreen (SPF> 30, 4/4 hours during the day), as well as preferring to wear long clothing and avoid exposure direct to the sun. The application of 5‐fluorouracil 5% cream (EfurixÂ®, Valeant) was performed by the patient at home, 2x / day for 15 days, with a new application (2x / day for 15 days) in 15 days, with total two cycles. The patient was instructed to apply the product over the entire extension of the forearm and back of the hand. He was instructed to give preference to long clothing and to avoid direct exposure to the sun and, after 14 days of treatment, use solid vaseline (at night), sunscreen (SPF> 30, 4/4 hours during the day). The patients were followed for 60 days. CONDITION: A01.378.800 actinic keratosis$$$ upper extremity$$$fluorouracil $$$ C04.834.450 $$$ A01.378.800 $$$ D03.383.742.698.875.404 C04.834.450 D03.383.742.698.875.404 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Expected outcome 1: reduction of the mean number of actinic keratoses treated in the upper limbs with peeling or 5‐fluorouracil 5% cream. Counting performed manually, pre‐intervention and after 15 days of the last intervention. Expected outcome 2: reduction of measures of actinic keratoses treated in the upper limbs with peeling or 5‐fluorouracil 5% cream. The measurement of each of the demarcated lesions was performed with a transparent 15 cm ruler and was considered its largest diameter in centimeters before intervention and after 15 days of the last intervention. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Adverse effects observed in the presence of erythema, edema, pain, pruritus, vesiculation and crusts measured after 15 days of the end of treatment INCLUSION CRITERIA: Over 18 years of age$$$ clinical diagnosis of multiple actinic keratoses in the upper limbs (hands and forearms)$$$ minimum of five actinic keratoses in each upper limb$$$ signed by the Free and Informed Consent Form.
ARTICLE: efficacy of Ceramide-Containing Formulations on UV-Induced Skin Surface Barrier Alterations$$$ The human skin, particularly the stratum corneum, serves as a protective barrier against exogenous factors, including ultraviolet radiation (UVR) and pathogen invasions. The impact of UVR on skin cancer and photoaging has been extensively studied. However, the direct impact of UVR on skin barrier integrity under clinical settings remains poorly explored. Due to their benefits in reducing inflammation and promoting skin barrier repair, ceramide‐containing formulations can provide added photoprotection benefits. In this study, the efficacy of a ceramide‐containing sunscreen and moisturizer were evaluated in preventing UV‐induced skin surface barrier changes. Expert grading, instrumental, and tape‐stripping assessments demonstrated that UVR induced erythema and hyperpigmentation and caused changes in skin cells surface morphological organization and maturation. Treatment with a ceramide‐containing sunscreen and moisturizing cream routine reduced erythema and hyperpigmentation, improved skin hydration, and maintained normal superficial skin cells morphology and turnover after UVR. Our results indicate that barrier‐enforcing lipids formulations can provide additional benefits in patient’s daily routine by strengthening the barrier and improving skin health overall against chronic sun exposure. J Drugs Dermatol. 20(4 Suppl):s29‐35. doi:10.36849/JDD.S589E.
Effect of Zingiber Montanum root extract spray of delayed onset muscle soreness after elbow flexors exercise$$$ INTERVENTION: Zingiber Montanum root extract spray was used after dumbbells and valuate the delayed onset muscle soreness after elbow flexors exercise on 6 days., 70% ethanol spray was used as placebo after dumbbells and valuate the delayed onset muscle soreness after elbow flexors exercise on 6 days., diclofenac sodium 1% w/w spray was used as positive drug after dumbbells and valuate the delayed onset muscle soreness after elbow flexors exercise on 6 days. CONDITION: Male volunteers aged 20‐35 years who do not regularly exercise and have low level of physical activity. PRIMARY OUTCOME: delayed onset muscle soreness after elbow flexors exercise [Timeframe 6 days Dumbbells] SECONDARY OUTCOME: N/A [Timeframe N/A N/A] INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Male, 20‐35 years old 2. Have a normal body mass index (18.5‐24.9) 3. There is a low level of physical activity 4. No pain And problems in the musculoskeletal system of the arm used in the study 5. Not a regular exercise or sports player (more than 2‐3 times / week). 6. Do not practice resistance exercise To increase muscle strength before joining the program for at least 6 months 7. No routine work that requires lifting force 8. There are no medical conditions such as heart disease, blood pressure disease, diabetes, muscle and joint diseases, cancer, allergies, etc. 9. No restriction of movement of the joints of the limb 10. No history of chemical allergy, medication, muscle massage cream, pain relief spray and alcohol 11. No pain medication or pain relief such as acupuncture, physical therapy Thai massage for treatment during the past 3 months 12. Can exercise with resistance.
Promising effects of purslane cream on the breast fissure in lactating women: a clinical trial$$$ Objectives: The traditional uses of Portulaca oleracea L. (purslane) with anti‐inflammatory and anti‐cancer activity as well as anti‐oxidants properties were expressed previously. This is a double‐blind randomized clinical trial to evaluate the protective effects of purslane cream on the nipple fissure. Methods: After expressing the goals and methods of the study and obtaining written consent from 86 lactating women with nipple fissure, they were randomly divided into two groups: 43 in purslane cream group and 43 in lanolin ointment group. The score of nipple fissure before the intervention and on the third and eighth day after the study was measured using the Stour scale. Results: The mean score of left and right breast fissures in the group of treatment with lanolin group similar to the group of treatment with purslane cream showed a significant decrease at the third day and eighth day (P=0.001). Mann‐Whitney test comparing mean score of the fissure between two groups showed that two groups were homogeneous before the intervention, but there was a significant difference between two groups on the third and eighth days (p < 0.001). The recovery process occurred faster in the group of treatment with purslane cream. Conclusion: We showed that the use of purslane cream without any complications could accelerate the repairing of nipple fissure. Based on this clinical trial, purslane cream (2% w/w) can be used as an accelerator for improving the nipple fissure in lactating women.
Topical imiquimod use in treatment-resistant mycosis fungoides$$$ Primary cutaneous lymphoma including its most common variant, mycosis fungoides (MF), can be extremely resistant to treatment. Current guidelines recommend ultrapotent topical steroids as the mainstay of treatment for early patch stages. Topical mechlorethamine (nitrogen mustard) and carmustine are alternative topical agents that can cause irritation, sensitization and myelosuppression. Escalating treatment modalities to radiotherapy and phototherapy are time and resource consuming for both patient and healthcare provider. Success with novel topical therapies has recently been reported. Imiquimod 5% cream (Aldara®$$$ 3M, Loughborough, U.K.) is an immunomodulator which is thought to act through stimulation of local interferon and other cytokine production. The Th2‐cell phenotype dominates in MF and systemic immunomodulator therapies such as interferon alfa have been successful. A small number of reports have also been published proposing imiquimod to be a successful topical treatment in MF (Deeths MJ, Chapman JT, Dellavalle RP et al. Treatment of patch and plaque stage mycosis fungoides with imiquimod 5% cream. J Am Acad Dermatol 2005$$$ 52: 275‐80$$$ Coors EA, Schuler G, Von Den Driesch P. Topical imiquimod as treatment for different kinds of cutaneous lymphoma. Eur J Dermatol 2006$$$ 16: 391‐3). We report the case of an 80‐year‐old gentleman with a long history of treatment‐resistant MF. His disease was localized to the head and neck and had only partially responded to treatment with clobetasol propionate, psoralen plus ultraviolet A (PUVA), radiotherapy and oral isotretinoin over several years. Treatment‐resistant patches persisted, causing discomfort and itch. He was commenced on topical imiquimod 5 days a week. Within 8 weeks there was a complete resolution of lesions previously resistant to all treatment modalities. He remains in remission at follow‐up after 16 weeks. Imiquimod is a safe and well‐tolerated topical treatment used for basal cell carcinomas, actinic keratoses and anogenital warts. We report success in the treatment of MF affecting the face where other more intensive therapies consistently failed. Previously published case reports describe varying success with imiquimod use from complete resolution to a lack of any response (Coors et al.). Our case report adds to the growing body of evidence documenting success with the use of topical imiquimod and demonstrates the need for a randomized controlled trial.
A Novel Multi-Action Emollient Plus Cream Improves Skin Barrier Function in Patients with Atopic Dermatitis: in vitro and Clinical Evidence$$$ Background: Emollients capable of restoring the skin barrier function would extend their role beyond basic maintenance therapy in atopic dermatitis (AD). Objectives: Investigate the effect of a novel emollient plus cream (EC$$$ Dermoflan®) on the skin barrier in vitro and in patients with mild‐to‐moderate AD. Methods: The effect of EC on the skin barrier recovery was evaluated using a tape‐stripping (TS) model. After TS, organ cultures were treated with EC (undiluted or diluted 1:1 with water) and analyzed at 18‐120 h using hematoxylin and eosin, Oil Red O, immunohistochemical, and immunofluorescent techniques. In a double‐blind, randomized study, EC or placebo was applied once daily for 2 months to antecubital folds of the upper and lower limbs of patients with mild‐to‐moderate AD in clinical remission. Epidermal thickness, vascularization, and epidermal hydration were assessed by optical coherence tomography and corneometry, respectively, at baseline, and 1 and 2 months following treatment initiation. Results: Following TS, EC treatment significantly increased epidermal thickness and lipid content versus diluent in the skin organ culture, as well as claudin‐1, involucrin, and caspase‐14 expression, suggesting skin barrier repair. EC treatment also decreased keratin‐16 expression and increased levels of Toll‐like receptors 1 and 2 versus diluent, suggesting involvement in regulating the epidermal immune response. In 20 patients randomized 1:1 to EC or placebo, EC treatment at the elbow fold/popliteal fossa significantly decreased epidermal thickness after 2 months, and the number of blood vessels at the elbow fold after 1 and 2 months, versus placebo. EC significantly improved the skin hydration after 2 months versus baseline. Conclusions: This novel multi‐action EC may help to restore epidermal homeostasis and improve the skin of patients with AD. Results indicate that this novel multi‐action EC could be a valid adjuvant therapy in patients with AD. Key Message: Novel multi‐action emollient cream helps to restore epidermal homeostasis and improves the skin affected by AD.
Imiquimod 5% cream for the treatment of actinic keratosis: results from two phase III, randomized, double-blind, parallel group, vehicle-controlled trials$$$ BACKGROUND: The immune system plays a critical role in the development and pathogenesis of actinic keratosis (AK). Imiquimod has been shown to stimulate the cutaneous immune response and be effective for the treatment of nonmelanoma skin cancers. OBJECTIVE: Two phase III, randomized, double‐blind, vehicle‐controlled studies evaluated the efficacy of imiquimod 5% cream compared with vehicle in the treatment of AK lesions on the face and balding scalp. METHODS: A total of 436 participants at 24 centers in the United States and Canada were randomized to either imiquimod 5% or vehicle cream. Study cream was applied one time per day, 2 days per week for 16 weeks. Clearance of AK lesions was clinically assessed at an 8‐week posttreatment visit. RESULTS: The complete clearance rate was 45.1% for the imiquimod group and 3.2% for the vehicle group. The difference in complete clearance rates (imiquimod minus vehicle) was 41.9% with a 95% confidence interval of 34.9% to 49%. The partial (> or =75%) clearance rate was 59.1% for the imiquimod group and 11.8% for the vehicle group. The difference in partial clearance rates (imiquimod minus vehicle) was 47.3% with a 95% confidence interval of 39.5% to 55.1%. The median percent reduction in AK lesions was 83.3% for the imiquimod group and 0% for the vehicle group. Local skin reactions were common. Severe erythema was reported by 17.7% of participants who received imiquimod and 2.3% of participants who received vehicle. Overall, imiquimod was very well tolerated. CONCLUSION: Imiquimod 5% cream used 2 times per week for 16 weeks is an effective and well‐tolerated treatment for AK.
RANDOMIZED CLINICAL TRIAL OF PERIOPERATIVE VAGINAL ESTROGEN VS. PLACEBO AS ADJUVANT THERAPY TO NATIVE TISSUE VAGINAL APICAL PROLAPSE REPAIR$$$ Introduction: Adjunctive therapies that may improve outcomes of native tissue prolapse surgery are needed. The vagina and surrounding muscular and connective tissue support are estrogen‐responsive, but the effect of intravaginal estrogen as a potential perioperative adjunctive therapy in surgical prolapse management is uncertain. Objective: To examine if perioperative vaginal estrogen (compared to placebo) combined with native tissue transvaginal prolapse surgery impacts failure rates through 1y postoperatively. Methods: Randomized, double‐blind surgical trial including postmenopausal women with ≥stage 2 symptomatic apical and/or anterior vaginal wall prolapse planning transvaginal native tissue apical repair enrolled at 3 clinical sites in the US (12/2016 ‐ 2/2020). Adjunctive intervention was 1 g conjugated estrogen (CE) vaginal cream (0.625 mg/g) or identical vehicle placebo, inserted nightly for 2wk, then 2x/wk for≥5 weeks preoperatively, resumed postoperative day 1 and continued 2x/wk for 1y. Randomization was stratified by site, hysterectomy status, and duration since menopause ( 35, current tobacco or steroid use, prior prolapse repair using mesh, or estrogen contraindications. Participants underwent vaginal hysterectomy (if uterus present) and either standardized bilateral uterosacral or unilateral sacrospinous ligament fixation with concomitant repairs at surgeon's discretion. The primary outcome was time‐to‐surgical failure through 1y, defined by ≥1 of 3 outcomes: anatomical/objective prolapse of the anterior or posterior walls beyond the hymen and/or the apex descending >1/3 TVL, subjective vaginal bulge symptoms, or retreatment. A sample size of 186 subjects achieved 80% power at α‐0.05 to detect a hazard ratio of 0.5188 when the proportion of cumulative failures was 20% vs. 35%, measured at 1y, accounting for up to 25% loss‐tofollow‐up or study cream non‐adherence. Data were analyzed as intent‐totreat and “per‐protocol” (i.e., ≥50% of expected cream use, per objective tube before/after weights, for the preoperative period and ≥ 3mo postoperatively). Results: Of 206 women consented, 199 were randomized (mean age 65y) and 186 underwent surgery. Characteristics were similar at baseline between groups. There was no difference in time to surgical failure (Fig.1) in women receiving CE vs. placebo through 1y (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.97 [95%CI, 0.92‐4.22])$$$ 1y failure incidence, 23% CE vs. 12% placebo, with anatomic failures being most common (Table 1A). Per‐protocol, the CE group had greater failure (hazard ratio, 2.44 [1.01‐5.88]) with 1y failure incidence 24% CE vs. 11% placebo. Subjective pelvic floor disorder symptoms were improved significantly in both arms (Table 1B). Masked surgeons' assessment of vaginal tissue quality and estrogenization was significantly greater in the CE group at time of surgery (Table 2). Atrophy‐related symptom score for most bothersome symptom was significantly more improved with CE compared to placebo. Granulation tissue ≥6mo post‐surgery was more common in the CE group, 16(18%) vs. 7 (8%), P = 0.048. Conclusions: There was no difference in surgical failure outcomes with use of adjunctive vaginal CE application in postmenopausal women with anterior/apical prolapse over 1y after native tissue transvaginal repair. However, when cream was used per‐protocol, the CE group had greater surgical failure. CE provides improvement in urogenital atrophy complaints compared to placebo. Further follow‐up to 36mo post‐procedure continues (Table Presented).
Efficacy of mometasone furoate in the reduction of moderate/severe radiation dermatitis in breast cancer patients following mastectomy$$$ Purpose/Objective(s): A two‐arm, double‐blinded randomized trial was conducted to evaluate the efficacy of 0.1% mometasone furoate (MF) versus Eucerin Original (E) cream in the development of moderate to severe radiation dermatitis in breast cancer patients receiving postmastectomy radiation (PMRT). Materials/Methods: Breast cancer patients undergoing chest wall +/‐nodal radiation therapy (50 Gy) were eligible. Randomization (1:1) was to MF or E, applied twice daily from Day 1 of PMRT to 14 days post‐PMRT. Patients were stratified by RT technique (3‐D conformal or IMRT), body mass index, and reconstruction status. Bolus was applied in all patients. The primary endpoint was the development of provider‐assessed grade 2 (CTCAE v.4) radiation dermatitis with moist desquamation. Secondary endpoints were time to occurrence of maximum grade dermatitis and patient‐reported skin symptoms using a skin related quality of life questionnaire, Skindex‐16. Assessments were performed at baseline, weekly during PMRT and 2 weeks post‐PMRT. Results: A total of 124 patients were enrolled between August 2013 and February 2016. Eighty‐nine percent were pathologic stage III, 3% were cT4d and 69% had reconstructions$$$ 6.5% received electrons alone to the chest wall, 70.5% received electrons and photons, and 23% IMRT. Groups were well balanced for age, skin type, and stage. The rate of moist desquamation was 54.8% in the entire cohort, with a significantly reduced incidence in the MF versus E arm (45% vs 64.5%, PZ0.02). The MF arm had a lower incidence of maximum (grade 3) skin toxicities (18.8% vs 33.3%$$$ P = 0.036), as well as longer time to the development of grade 3 radiation dermatitis compared to E arm (46 days vs 35.5, respectively$$$ P < 0.001). There was no difference in Skindex‐16 scores between arms. Conclusion: Breast cancer patients receiving MF during PMRT experience significantly reduced rate of moist desquamation, with longer time to toxicity occurrence, compared to control cream.
A portable irradiation device for the improvement of photodinamic therapy$$$ INTERVENTION: 480 nodular and superficial basal cell carcinoma (BCC) lesions will be included in this study. These lesions will be randomized into four different groups, with the same number of lesions (120 lesions in each group). Groups A1 and B1: use of a commercial equipment$$$ Groups A2 and B2: use of a portable prototype. In Groups A1 and A2, nodular BCC type lesions will be treated, while Groups B1 and B2 superficial BCC type lesions will be treated. The sequence of procedures in the proposed clinical protocol is based on asepsis and debulking of the lesion. Then, the aminolevulinic acid cream will be applied and an occlusive dressing composed of a plastic film, aluminum foil and tape will be made to avoid exposure to light and degradation of the Protoporphyrin IX (PpIX) produced. After 3 hours of cream incubation, photodynamic therapy will be performed using a commercial equipment with irradiation for 20 minutes. After the end of the irradiation, another layer of the cream will be applied again. In Groups A1 and B1, the occlusive dressing will be performed again and, after 1.5 hours, the patient will return to the clinic for new irradiation using the commercial equipment for 20 minutes, as performed in the first session. In Groups A2 and B2, the portable irradiation prototype will be positioned and fixed on the cream layer and the patient will be instructed to turn on the equipment 1.5 hours after applying the cream and keep the equipment turned on for 2 hours. E02.774.722 CONDITION: basal cell carcinoma C04.588.805 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Expected outcome 1 ‐ Evaluation of the cure rate of Photodynamic Therapy using the portable device in the treatment of basal cell carcinoma analysing the biopsy performed 30 days after treatment SECONDARY OUTCOME: Expected outcome 2 ‐ recurrence at 12 months Expected outcome 3‐ Assessment of pain score and patient preference. INCLUSION CRITERIA: both sexes$$$ older than 18 years$$$ basal cell carcinoma lesions with less than 2 cm diameter$$$ patients presenting multiple lesions can be included if the lesions have less than 2 cm diameter.
Nicotinamide reduces photodynamic therapy-induced immunosuppression in humans$$$ BACKGROUND: The immune suppressive effects of topical photodynamic therapy (PDT) are potential contributors to treatment failure after PDT for nonmelanoma skin cancer. Nicotinamide (vitamin B(3) ) prevents immune suppression by ultraviolet radiation, but its effects on PDT‐induced immunosuppression are unknown. OBJECTIVES: To determine the effects of topical and oral nicotinamide on PDT‐induced immunosuppression in humans. METHODS: Twenty healthy Mantoux‐positive volunteers received 5% nicotinamide lotion or vehicle to either side of the back daily for 3 days. Another group of 30 volunteers received 500 mg oral nicotinamide or placebo twice daily for 1 week in a randomized, double‐blinded, crossover design. In each study, methylaminolaevulinate cream was applied to discrete areas on the back, followed by narrowband red light irradiation (37 J cm(‐2) ) delivered at high (75 mW cm(‐2) ) or low (15 mW cm(‐2) ) irradiance rates. Adjacent, nonirradiated sites served as controls. Delayed‐type hypersensitivity (Mantoux) reactions were assessed at treatment and control sites to determine immunosuppression. RESULTS: High irradiance rate PDT with vehicle or with placebo caused significant immunosuppression (equivalent to 48% and 50% immunosuppression, respectively$$$ both P < 0·0001)$$$ topical and oral nicotinamide reduced this immunosuppression by 59% and 66%, respectively (both P < 0·0001). Low irradiance rate PDT was not significantly immunosuppressive in the topical nicotinamide study (15% immunosuppression, not significant), but caused 22% immunosuppression in the oral study (placebo arm$$$ P = 0·006)$$$ nicotinamide reduced this immunosuppression by 69% (P = 0·045). CONCLUSIONS: While the clinical relevance of these findings is currently unknown, nicotinamide may provide an inexpensive means of preventing PDT‐induced immune suppression and enhancing PDT cure rates.
Comparison of rice starch powder and zinc oxide cream for the prevention of irritant diaper dermatitis$$$ Background: Diaper dermatitis is a common skin disorder during infancy. A recent study indicated that efficacy in preventing diaper dermatitis using talcum powder was five times less than zinc oxide cream, and research demonstrated that talcum powder usage was associated with lung diseases and ovarian cancer in adults. Due to these limitations, rice starch powder, an organic substance with water repellent, may be benefit in preventing diaper dermatitis. As there has been no study of the effectiveness of rice starch powder, it was investigated in the present study. Objective: To compare the effectiveness of rice starch powder with zinc oxide cream for the prevention of diaper dermatitis Material and Method: A total of 104 healthy infants, aged between 6 and 24 months with normal skin in the diaper area were divided equally into two groups. One group was applied with rice starch powder over the diaper area and the other with zinc oxide cream. Both groups used the same disposable diapers with four supplied per day. Clinical outcomes were evaluated at the 4th and 8th week for the occurrence and duration of the disease, with clinical severity assessed using the diaper dermatitis severity scoring scale. Parental satisfaction was also evaluated and side effects were recorded. Results: One hundred infants, 56 males and 44 females completed the study with average age 12.6 months. The diaper dermatitis occurrence in the rice starch powder group was 26 percent (n = 13) whereas it was 22 percent (n = 11) in the zinc oxide cream group. This showed no statistically significant difference between two groups (p = 0.584). Median time to event for infants applied with rice starch powder was 22 days (IQR: 21 to 23) and 26 days for the zinc oxide cream group (IQR: 20 to 31) with no statistically significant difference (p = 0.105, log rank test). Multivariate analysis using the Cox proportional hazard regression model found that the risk of diaper dermatitis occurrence in the rice starch powder group was 3.5 times higher than in the zinc oxide cream group (95% CI: 0.7 to 16.1), with no statistically significant difference (p = 0.105). No adverse effects resulted from the use of the test substances in either group. Conclusion: Rice starch powder can be considered as an alternative choice for preventing diaper dermatitis.
Randomized intra-patient controlled trial of mepilexlite dressings vs. aqueous cream in managing radiation-induced skin reactions post-mastectomy$$$ Purpose: Severe acute radiation‐induced skin reactions occur in a significant proportion of women who receive radiation therapy for breast cancer. We previously showed that MepilexLite dressings decreased the severity of erythema. Here we report their effect on the full range of skin reactions in 74 breast cancer patients post‐mastectomy. Methods and Materials: A total of 80 women were recruited from four hospitals in New Zealand with 74 women contributing a full data set for analysis. The first skin area on the chest wall to develop erythema was randomly divided into two similar halves$$$ one half was treated with MepilexLite dressings, the other half with aqueous cream. Skin reactions were assessed using the Radiation‐Induced Skin Reaction Assessment Scale. Results: Compared with aqueous cream, MepilexLite dressings reduced the overall severity of the skin reactions by 41% (p< 0.001), the incidence of moist desquamation from 19% to 15%, the average moist desquamation score from 0.37 to 0.18 (p=0.043) and the total moist desquamation time for all areas combined by 28% from 25 to 18 weeks. Most patients preferred the dressings, found them easy to use and very comfortable to wear. Conclusions: MepilexLite dressings reduce all aspects of radiation‐induced skin reactions.
Nanoemulsion aminolaevulinic acid photodynamic therapy for nonaggressive basal cell carcinoma: a comparison study$$$ We present the results of a study comparing the use of a nanoemulsion formulation of aminolaevulinic acid (ALA), with methyl aminolaevulinate (MAL) for the treatment of thin nonaggressive basal cell carcinoma (BCC) using photodynamic therapy (PDT). The study was performed as a randomized, multinational, observer‐blind, active‐controlled, parallel‐group, noninferiority‐design, phase III trial with BF‐200 ALA and MAL preparations at 24 centres in Germany and the U.K. Of 281 randomized patients, 138 were treated with BF‐200 ALA and 143 with MAL cream. Patients received one PDT cycle comprising two PDT sessions 1 week apart. If lesions remained at 3 months after the first treatment cycle, a second PDT cycle was performed. The PDT lamp BF‐RhodoLED, a red‐light source (635 ‐ 9 nm), was used to apply a light dose of 37 J cm±2. The main efficacy end points were patient and lesion complete clearance 3 months after PDT. Patients were reassessed 12 months after PDT. Of the patients treated with BF‐200 ALA, 93.4% were complete responders 12 weeks after the last PDT, compared with 91.8% in the MAL group (per protocol analysis). Lesion complete clearance rates were 94.6% and 92.9% for BF‐200 ALA and MAL, respectively. Reassessment at 12 months after the last PDT session showed 88.3% of the BF‐200 ALA‐treated lesions and 85.3% of the MAL‐treated lesions to be fully cleared. Complete response rates for superficial BCC were 95.8% for BF‐200 ALA vs. 96.9% for MAL cream after 3 months, compared with 90.6% for BF‐200 ALA vs. 89.2% for MAL after 12 months, respectively. For nodular BCC, complete lesion clearance after 3 months was 89.3% for BF‐200 ALA vs. 78.6% for MAL. After 12 months, 81.2% of the nodular BCCs were fully cleared for BF‐200 ALA and 70.7% for MAL. Treatment‐emergent adverse events were as previously described for PDT, and occurred in all patients in both groups. Treatment of nonaggressive BCC with BF‐200 ALA PDT was highly effective and well tolerated. Clearance rates confirmed noninferiority with the currently approved MAL formulation with a trend towards higher clearance rates for thicker and nodular lesions, although this is based on a small dataset. The cosmetic outcome following BF‐200 ALA was also highly rated, graded as good or very good in 60% of patients compared with 48.6% following MAL‐PDT.
Pimecrolimus: new preparation. Me-too: too many risks, not beneficial enough in atopic dermatitis$$$ (1) Symptomatic treatment of atopic dermatitis is initially based on simple measures and moisturising creams. Topical corticosteroids are reserved for treatment of inflammatory exacerbations. (2) After topical tacrolimus, marketing authorisation has been granted in France for a second topical immunosuppressant, pimecrolimus, as a short‐term symptomatic treatment for atopic dermatitis in children from the age of two years, and intermittently for long‐term prevention of new exacerbations. (3) Short‐term treatment with pimecrolimus has been tested in three trials in children with mild to moderate dermatitis (against the excipient), in one adult trial against the excipient, and in one dose‐finding study in adults that included a group treated with topical corticosteroids. (4) Longer term treatment periods of 6 to 12 months have been tested in two trials versus excipient in children, and two adult trials, one versus moderately active topical corticosteroids. (5) These trials show that pimecrolimus works better than the excipient, but not nearly as well as moderately active topical corticosteroids. Pimecrolimus has not been compared with topical corticosteroids in children, the age group most vulnerable to atopic dermatitis. (6) The commonest adverse effects observed in clinical trials were local and included a burning sensation at the site of application and skin infections. Systemic adverse effects (mainly infections) were most marked in infants. Long‐term risks, especially the risk of skin cancer, have not been assessed. (7) In practice, the reference treatment for exacerbations of atopic dermatitis is a topical corticosteroid$$$ in children, it seems best to begin with a weak preparation. There is no reason to use pimecrolimus, which is less active than topical corticosteroids and whose potential long‐term adverse effects, especially in children, are unknown.
Clinical effect of trolamine cream to prevent radiation-induced dermal injury in patients with head-neck carcinoma$$$ Objective To observe the clinical effect of trolamine cream to prevent acute radiation‐induced dermal injury in patients with head‐neck carcinoma.Methods 54 patients with head‐neck carcinoma treated by radiotherapy were randomized into two groups,Patients in the treatment group(28 cases) were given trolamine cream since the first day of radiotherapy and patients in the control group(26 cases) were given routine health education.Results Dermal toxic rate of the two groups were 100%.The rates of acute radiation dermatitis of grade(Ⅲ+Ⅳ) in the treatment group and in the control group were 10.7%(3/28) and 46.2%(12/26),respectively,acute radiation occurred before 40 Gy were 32.1%(9/28)and 96.1%(25/26).There was significant difference between the two groups(P0.05).Conclusion Trolamine cream can effectively prevent acute radiation‐induced dermal injury in patients with head‐neck carcinoma.It can alleviate the patients suffering and improve their quality of life,so as to ensure uneventful radiotherapy.
A comparison of acute radiation skin complication in patients with locally advanced cervical cancer treated with pelvic irradiation between applied 3M Cavilon No-Sting Barrier Film versus silver sulfadiazine cream during irradiation$$$ INTERVENTION: Advise standard skin care during radiotherapy session, Spray NSBF at irradiated area on 1st day of radiation before start radiation and then every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday until complete radiotherapy session, Apply SSD at radiated area on 1st day of radiation and then twice daily until complete radiotherapy session CONDITION: Cervical cancer stage IB2‐IVA Planned for definite concurrent chemoradiation Radiation field cover perineum $$$ Cervical cancer$$$ Radiation therapy Cervical cancer$$$ Radiation therapy PRIMARY OUTCOME: Acute radiation skin complication [Timeframe 0‐3 months after start radiation RTOG grade] SECONDARY OUTCOME: Acute radiation complication [Timeframe 0‐3 months after start radiation RTOG grade] INCLUSION CRITERIA: Cervical cancer stage IB2‐IVA Planned for definite concurrent chemoradiation Radiation field cover perineum
Effect of topical application of melatonin cream 12.5% on cognitive parameters: a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind crossover study in healthy volunteers$$$ BACKGROUND: Skin cancer is an increasing problem in modern dermatology. Earlier studies have shown protective effects against ultraviolet radiation (UVR)‐induced skin damage by topical treatment with melatonin. However, the potential sedative effects of full body topical application of melatonin have never been investigated. Objectives The aim of this study was to assess the degree of cognitive dysfunction when using melatonin cream as full body topical application. METHODS: In a randomized, placebo‐controlled, double‐blind crossover study in healthy volunteers, the degree of cognitive dysfunction when using cream containing 12.5% melatonin as full body application was assessed. A group of ten volunteers had melatonin cream 12.5% applied on 80% of their body surface area, and degree of cognitive dysfunction was assessed using a test battery consisting of Karolinska sleepiness scale (KSS), Finger tapping test (FTT) and Continuous Reaction time (CRT). RESULTS: No significant effects on cognitive parameters were found. However, great inter‐individual variations on cognitive parameters were observed. CONCLUSION: This study was the first to assess degree of cognitive dysfunction resulting from application of melatonin cream on a full body surface area. The results support that melatonin is a safe drug for dermal application even in a high dosage.
Efficacy observation on acupuncture and moxibustion combined with hot compress of TCM herbs for scleroderma$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess the clinical efficacy and safety of surrounding needle, moxibustion and hot compress of TCM herbs for localized scleroderma. METHODS: Forty‐two cases of localized scleroderma were randomly divided into an acupuncture + herb group (23 cases, group A) and a heparin sodium group (19 cases, group B). Both the two groups were orally administrated with centella triterpenes tablets and vitamin E, group A was additionally treated with surrounding needle at local area, moxibustion at affected site and Hegu (LI 4), Zu sanli (ST 36) as well as hot external application of "hot compress herbs" at local location, while group B was treated with external application of heparin sodium cream. Both the two groups were treated for consecutive 6 months, and scores of skin sclerosis, joint pain and function were compared before and after the treatment. Also the efficacy and safety of TCM syndrome were assessed. RESULTS: Compared with that before the treatment, the scores of skin sclerosis, joint pain and joint function in the group A after treatment were significantly decreased (all P < 0.01), the score of skin sclerosis in the group B was improved (P < 0.05), and the three types of score in the group A was obviously lower than those in the group B (both P < 0.05). The total effective rate was 86.4% (19/22) in the group A, which was superior to 52.6% (10/19) in the group B (P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: The surrounding needle, moxibustion and external application of "hot compress herbs" could improve skin sclerosis in patients with localized scleroderma, which has obvious efficacy and relative safety.
Randomized Clinical Trial of Perioperative Vaginal Estrogen vs. Placebo as Adjuvant Therapy to Native Tissue Vaginal Apical Prolapse Repair$$$ Introduction: Adjunctive therapies that may improve outcomes of native tissue prolapse surgery are needed. The vagina and surrounding muscular and connective tissue support are estrogen‐responsive, but the effect of intravaginal estrogen as a potential perioperative adjunctive therapy in surgical prolapse management is uncertain. Objective: To examine if perioperative vaginal estrogen (compared to placebo) combined with native tissue transvaginal prolapse surgery impacts failure rates through 1y postoperatively. Methods: Randomized, double‐blind surgical trial including postmenopausal women with ≥stage 2 symptomatic apical and/or anterior vaginal wall prolapse planning transvaginal native tissue apical repair enrolled at 3 clinical sites in the US (12/2016 ‐ 2/2020). Adjunctive intervention was 1g conjugated estrogen (CE) vaginal cream (0.625mg/g) or identical vehicle placebo, inserted nightly for 2wk, then 2x/wk for ≥5 weeks preoperatively, resumed postoperative day 1 and continued 2x/wk for 1y. Randomization was stratified by site, hysterectomy status, and duration since menopause ( 35, current tobacco or steroid use, prior prolapse repair using mesh, or estrogen contraindications. Participants underwent vaginal hysterectomy (if uterus present) and either standardized bilateral uterosacral or unilateral sacrospinous ligament fixation with concomitant repairs at surgeon's discretion. The primary outcome was time‐to‐surgical failure through 1y, defined by ≥1 of 3 outcomes: anatomical/objective prolapse of the anterior or posterior walls beyond the hymen and/or the apex descending >1/3 TVL, subjective vaginal bulge symptoms, or retreatment. A sample size of 186 subjects achieved 80% power at α‐0.05 to detect a hazard ratio of 0.5188 when the proportion of cumulative failures was 20% vs. 35%, measured at 1y, accounting for up to 25% loss‐to‐follow‐up or study cream non‐adherence. Data were analyzed as intent‐to‐treat and “per‐protocol” (i.e., ≥50% of expected cream use, per objective tube before/after weights, for the preoperative period and ≥3mo postoperatively). Results: Of 206 women consented, 199 were randomized (mean age 65y) and 186 underwent surgery. Characteristics were similar at baseline between groups. There was no difference in time to surgical failure (Fig.1) in women receiving CE vs. placebo through 1y (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.97 [95%CI, 0.92‐4.22])$$$ 1y failure incidence, 23% CE vs. 12% placebo, with anatomic failures being most common (Table 1A). Perprotocol, the CE group had greater failure (hazard ratio, 2.44 [1.01‐ 5.88]) with 1y failure incidence 24% CE vs. 11% placebo. Subjective pelvic floor disorder symptoms were improved significantly in both arms (Table 1B). Masked surgeons' assessment of vaginal tissue quality and estrogenization was significantly greater in the CE group at time of surgery (Table 2). Atrophy‐related symptom score for most bothersome symptom was significantly more improved with CE compared to placebo. Granulation tissue ≥6mo post‐surgery was more common in the CE group, 16(18%) vs. 7(8%), p=0.048. Conclusions: There was no difference in surgical failure outcomes with use of adjunctive vaginal CE application in postmenopausal women with anterior/ apical prolapse over 1y after native tissue transvaginal repair. However, when cream was used per‐protocol, the CE group had greater surgical failure. CE provides improvement in urogenital atrophy complaints compared to placebo. Further follow‐up to 36mo post‐procedure continues.
Intraindividual, right-left comparison of topical 5-aminolevulinic acid photodynamic therapy vs. 5% imiquimod cream for actinic keratoses on the upper extremities$$$ BACKGROUND: Actinic keratoses (AKs) are considered as in situ squamous cell carcinoma. Early and effective treatment is important. Objective To compare the efficacy, cosmetic outcome and patient preference of 5‐aminolevulinic acid photodynamic therapy (ALA‐PDT) with that of 5% imiquimod (IMIQ) cream in patients with AKs on the dorsa of hands and forearms. METHODS: Subjects received two ALA‐PDT treatment sessions and one or two courses of imiquimod (three times per week for 4 weeks each). Treatments were randomly allocated to alternate upper extremities. Assessments included lesion response one and six months after treatment, cosmetic outcome evaluated by the investigators and patients' preference 6 months after treatment. Efficacy end point included the individual AK lesion clearance rate. RESULTS: Thirty patients with 256 lesions were included in the study. At the first follow‐up, treatment with ALA‐PDT resulted in significantly larger rate of cured lesions relative to 5% IMIQ cream (70.16% vs. 18.26%). At the second follow‐up both treatments showed a high rate of cured lesions (65.32% for PDT vs. 55.65% for IMIQ cream). Response rates obtained in grade I lesions were higher for both treatments (71.64% for PDT vs. 72.13% for IMIQ), while treatment with PDT resulted in a significant larger rate of cured grade II lesions (57.89% for PDT vs. 37.03 for IMIQ). Difference in cosmetic outcome was not statistically significant. Results for subject preference favoured ALA‐PDT. CONCLUSIONS: Our study shows that ALA‐PDT and 5% IMIQ cream are both attractive treatment options for upper extremities AKs with comparable efficacy and cosmetic outcomes.
Disposition and metabolism of topically administered alpha-tocopherol acetate: a common ingredient of commercially available sunscreens and cosmetics$$$ Skin cancers are a serious health problem in the United States. One common method of skin cancer primary prevention is use of sunscreens. Research has been conducted to ascertain the role of active ingredients of sunscreen products in photoprotection and possible carcinogenesis. In contrast, little is known about the "other ingredients", listed or unlisted, on sunscreen product labels. One such ingredient is vitamin E. usually in the form of alpha‐tocopherol acetate. Results of recent studies of skin carcinogenesis in an ultraviolet (UV) B mouse carcinogenesis model suggest that topically applied alpha‐tocopherol acetate does not prevent and, under some conditions, enhances skin cancer development and growth, whereas the free unesterified from of alpha‐tocopherol significantly reduces experimental UVB carcinogenesis. We have performed a Phase II cancer prevention study to evaluate whether topically applied alpha‐tocopherol acetate is absorbed in human skin and metabolizes to the free or other forms. In this double‐blind study, 19 men and women > 30 years of age who had at least three actinic keratoses on their forearms were randomly assigned to apply alpha‐tocopherol acetate (125 mg/g) or difluoromethylornithine cream to their arms twice daily for three months. Blood samples and photographs and punch biopsies of actinic keratoses were obtained before and at the end of the study (Month 4). Plasma and skin concentrations of free alpha‐tocopherol, alpha‐tocopherol acetate, and gamma‐tocopherol were analyzed by high‐performance liquid chromatography at Month 4. The results of this report focus only on data obtained from the 11 participants randomized to the alpha‐tocopherol acetate arm of the study. Topically applied alpha‐tocopherol acetate was substantially absorbed in skin, with no evidence of conversion within skin to its unesterified form (i.e., free alpha‐tocopherol). There was no evidence of systemic availability or biotransformation of topically applied alpha‐tocopherol acetate. In summary, we have determined that alpha‐tocopherol acetate is not metabolized to the free form of alpha‐tocopherol in plasma or skin.
Randomized clinical trial testing the efficacy and safety of 0.5% colchicine cream versus photodynamic therapy with methyl aminolevulinate in the treatment of skin field cancerization: study protocol$$$ BACKGROUND: The primary clinical manifestation of skin field cancerization is the presence of actinic keratoses (AKs). Current treatments for AKs related to skin field cancerization include photodynamic therapy (PDT) and colchicine. The objective of this study is to evaluate the efficacy and safety of 0.5% colchicine cream versus PDT with methyl aminolevulinate (MAL‐PDT) in the treatment of skin field cancerization. METHODS: In a randomized controlled and open clinical trial with a blind histopathological and immunohistochemical analysis, 36 patients with up to 10 AKs on their forearms will be included from the outpatient clinic. The forearms will be randomized into two groups, clinically evaluated and biopsied for histopathology and immunohistochemistry (p53 and Ki67). One forearm will be treated with 0.5% colchicine cream for 10 days, and the other forearm will receive one session of MAL‐PDT$$$ the forearms will subsequently be reassessed clinically and histologically after 60 days (T60) of treatment. The primary endpoint will be the point of complete clearance of AKs in T60. The sample size will enable a detection in the reduction of over 10% in AK counts between the groups with power of 0.9 and an alpha of 0.05, accounting for an estimated dropout rate of 10%, resulting in 36 patients (72 forearms). All participants included in the randomized study will be part of the analysis, and the final outcomes of any dropouts will be the value of their last visit (LOCF). The statistical analysis will be performed using SPSS 22.0, and a p value < 5% will be considered to be significant. DISCUSSION: It is expected that colchicine will be superior to MAL‐PDT in reducing AKs and in the skin field cancerization, and there will be good tolerability in both groups. Colchicine intervention is novel in that it provides a new alternative to MAL‐PDT. Moreover, this drug is inexpensive that may be a potential treatment of skin field cancerization that can be prescribed in public health systems with good results. TRIAL REGISTRATION: The trial is registered in Brazilian Registry for Clinical Trials (Registration number: RBR‐8y3sj9 , date assigned May 4, 2016, retrospectively registered).
Mepitel Film for the Prevention of Acute Radiation Dermatitis in Breast Cancer: a Randomized Multi-Centre Open-Label Phase 3 Trial$$$ Purpose: Radiation dermatitis (RD) is common in patients undergoing breast radiation treatment (RT), with worse RD in patients with large breasts and after mastectomy. Mepitel Film (MF), a silicone‐based polyurethane film with Safetac technology, may reduce RD. We hypothesized that MF might play a role in preventing RD in this group of patients at risk. Methods: Patients were randomly assigned to receive MF or standard skin care (2:1 ratio). Patients with large breasts after lumpectomy (bra size ≥ 36 inches or cup size ≥ C) or after mastectomy were eligible. Stratification factors included surgery type (lumpectomy vs. mastectomy), dose fractionation (conventional vs. hypofractionated), and administration of boost/bolus. The primary endpoint was grade (G) 2 or 3 RD using the Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) v5.0 during RT and within 3 months of completion of RT. Secondary endpoints included CTCAE G3, incidence of moist desquamation, use of topical antibiotic cream, and patient‐ (PROs) and clinician‐ (CRO) reported outcomes using the modified Radiation‐Induced Skin Reaction Assessment Scale (RISRAS) and Skin Symptom Assessment (SSA). This study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT04166799). Results: Between January 2020 and May 2022, 266 patients (66%) were randomly assigned to MF and 137 (34%) to standard care. After removing withdrawn patients, 376 patients were included in the modified intention‐to‐treat analysis. The incidence of G2 or 3 RD was significantly lower in MF patients compared to standard care (n = 39/251, 15.5%$$$ 95% CI, 11.3‐20.6% vs. n = 57/125, 45.6%$$$ 95% CI, 36.7‐54.8% respectively, odds ratio [OR]: 0.20, P<.0001). Benefits of MF over standard care remained significant in patients who developed G3 RD (n = 7, 2.8%$$$ 95% CI, 1.1‐5.7% vs. n = 17, 13.6%$$$ 95% CI, 8.1‐20.9%, OR: 0.19) and moist desquamation (n = 20, 8.0%$$$ 95% CI, 4.9‐12.0% vs. n = 24, 19.2%$$$ 95% CI, 12.7‐27.1%, OR: 0.36). When evaluating the combined patient and health care professional score using the RISRAS, the MF arm had significantly lower scores than standard care (P<.0001)$$$ individual items on the RISRAS also favored MF for PROs (tenderness, discomfort or pain and burning sensation) and CROs (erythema and moist desquamation). Similarly, when assessed by the SSA, blistering/peeling, erythema, pigmentation, and edema in PROs, and pain/soreness, blistering/peeling, erythema, and pigmentation in CROs were significantly reduced in MF. Topical antibiotics were prescribed significantly less frequently in MF (23.1% vs. 43.2%, P<.0001). Three patients removed the film prematurely due to development of an allergic rash (n = 2) and excessive pruritis (n = 1). Conclusion: MF significantly reduces RD in breast cancer patients undergoing RT when compared to the standard care. We recommend changes to the clinical practice for RD prevention and inclusion of MF in high‐risk patients in future guideline recommendations.
Non-contact Low-frequency Ultrasound (NCLF) to Improve Dermatitis and Quality of Life after Radiation Therapy: the Soothe Study$$$ Purpose/Objective(s): Radiation dermatitis is the most common acute sequela of radiation therapy in the treatment of breast cancer. Radiation dermatitis not only affects quality of life but can also interfere with the treatment course. Acute dermatitis typically continues to progress up to 14 days after completion of radiation therapy. Dependent on the severity, management may include the use of topical emollients, steroids, and/or silver sulfadiazine, along with oral analgesics. Non‐contact low‐frequency ultrasound (NCLF) is well established in the management of chronic cutaneous wounds but has never been studied specifically on radiation induced dermatitis. The mechanism of action of NCLF is not well understood, but believed to decrease bacterial count and inflammatory cytokines while stimulating cellular activity. Our aim was to investigate whether the addition of NCLF to standard of care results in accelerated resolution of acute radiation dermatitis and improvement in patient’s quality of life compared to standard of care alone. Materials/Methods: Eligible patients were those who completed post‐lumpectomy or post‐mastectomy radiation therapy and acquired grade 2 dermatitis or above (per NCI CTCAE scale). Once enrolled, patients were randomized to receive standard of care (SOC) treatment with daily applications of silver sulfadiazine cream (control group) or SOC plus NCLF (treatment group) utilizing NCLF once per day for approximately 10 minutes to the affected area until grade 1 dermatitis was achieved. All patients agreed to a photograph daily of the affected area. The number of days it took for the treated area to reduce to grade 1 dermatitis was recorded. The patient was then discharged from the study and instructed to continue SOC treatment as needed. All patients completed the Health State Visual Analogue Scale (VAS) at enrollment and again at the end of the study period. Results: Sixty‐three female breast cancer patients with grade 2 radiation dermatitis were prospectively enrolled. 33 patients were randomized to SOC and 30 patients randomized to SOC plus NCLF. Patients in the SOC plus NCLF group took less time to resolve to a grade 1 dermatitis (Mean = 7.77 days, SE = 0.569), than those who received SOC alone (Mean = 10.52 days, SE = 0.698). This difference was clinically and statistically significant at 2.75 days (t = 3.053, p = 0.0017). The SOC plus NCLF group had a larger increase in their VAS score than those who received SOC alone (17 vs 12 respectively), however this was not statistically significant (t = ‐0.96, p = 0.34). Conclusion: When added to the standard of care, non‐contact low frequency ultrasound accelerates the transition of grade 2 to grade 1 radiation dermatitis in breast cancer patients undergoing post‐operative radiation therapy. The reduction in days of healing may translate to an improvement in quality of life in the immediate post‐radiation period. Further investigation is necessary to determine cost effectiveness of NCLF and wider range of its applications in radiation therapy.
Vitamin D ointment for prevention of radiation dermatitis in breast cancer patients$$$ Radiation dermatitis occurs frequently during adjuvant radiation therapy for breast cancer. Prevention of radiation dermatitis by applying various creams and ointments has a limited success, and Aqua cream which has urea as one of its active ingredients is used in many institutions as a preventive treatment. The primary goal of this study is to assess the effect of vitamin D (calcipotriol) ointment in prevention of radiodermatitis in breast cancer patients compared to Aqua cream. Twenty‐three women with localized breast cancer who underwent breast‐conserving surgery and opted to receive adjuvant radiotherapy to breast only were enrolled in this study. A cream containing an active vitamin D analog, calcipotriol (Daivonex), was randomly applied either to the medial or to the lateral half of the irradiated breast, while Aqua cream was applied to the complimentary half of the same breast along the whole treatment days, each day, after the delivery of radiation. Skin reaction was recorded and compared between the two halves of the breast. Vitamin D was well tolerated by patients with no local or systemic allergic reactions. Radiation dermatitis was not significantly different between both treatment arms. Topical vitamin D ointment is not superior to Aqua cream for prevention of radiation‐induced dermatitis in women treated with adjuvant radiation for breast cancer.
Long-term Efficacy of Topical Fluorouracil Cream, 5%, for Treating Actinic Keratosis: a Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ IMPORTANCE: Topical fluorouracil was demonstrated to be effective in reducing the number of actinic keratoses (AKs) for up to 6 months, but no randomized trials studied its long‐term efficacy. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the long‐term efficacy of a single course of fluorouracil cream, 5%, for AK treatment. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: The Veterans Affairs Keratinocyte Carcinoma Chemoprevention (VAKCC) trial was a randomized, double‐blinded, placebo‐controlled trial with patients from dermatology clinics at 12 VA medical centers recruited from 2009 to 2011 and followed up until 2013. Our study population comprised 932 veterans with 2 or more keratinocyte carcinomas in the 5 years prior to enrollment. The mean follow‐up duration was 2.6 years in both treatment and control groups. INTERVENTIONS: Participants applied either topical fluorouracil cream, 5% (n = 468), or vehicle control cream (n = 464) to the face and ears twice daily for up to 4 weeks. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: This study reports on AK counts and treatments, which were secondary outcomes of the VAKCC trial. Actinic keratoses on the face and ears were counted by study dermatologists at enrollment and at study visits every 6 months. The number of spot treatments for AKs on the face and ears at semiannual study visits and in between study visits was recorded. RESULTS: The number of AKs on the face and ears per participant was not different between the fluorouracil and control groups at randomization (11.1 vs 10.6, P > .10). After randomization, the fluorouracil group had fewer AKs compared with the control group at 6 months (3.0 vs 8.1, P < .001) and for the overall study duration (P < .001). The fluorouracil group also had higher complete AK clearance rates (38% vs 17% at 6 months) and fewer spot treatments at 6‐month intervals, at study visits, and in between study visits during the trial (P < .01 for all). The fluorouracil group took longer to require the first spot AK treatment (6.2 months) compared with the control group (6.0 months) (hazard ratio, 0.69$$$ 95% CI, 0.60‐0.79). The number of hypertrophic AKs was not different between the 2 groups overall (P = .60), although there were fewer hypertrophic AKs in the fluorouracil group at 6 months (0.23 vs 0.41) (P = .05). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Our results indicate that a single course of fluorouracil cream, 5%, effectively reduces AK counts and the need for spot treatments for longer than 2 years. TRIAL REGISTRATION: clinicaltrials.gov Identifier:NCT00847912.
The effect of regular sunscreen use on vitamin D levels in an Australian population. Results of a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND AND DESIGN: Studies published have suggested a possibility that regular use of sunscreen to prevent skin cancer may put the population, particularly elderly people, at risk of vitamin D deficiency. We aimed to determine whether regular use of sunscreens in the normal adult population, as recommended by public health authorities for the prevention of skin cancer, may put individuals at risk of vitamin D deficiency. A randomized double‐blind control trial of the daily use of a broad‐spectrum sunscreen (sun protection factor [SPF] 17) vs placebo cream over a summer period in Australia was conducted in 113 people aged 40 years and over, with sampling stratified by age. All participants had at least one solar keratosis. Serum samples taken at the beginning and at the end of the study were analyzed for 25‐hydroxyvitamin D3 and 1,25‐dihydroxyvitamin D3. RESULTS: Mean levels of 25‐hydroxyvitamin D3 rose significantly by the same amount in both groups over the period of the study (placebo, +12.8 mmol/L$$$ sunscreen, +11.8 mmol/L). Mean levels of 1,25‐dihydroxyvitamin D3 increased significantly in the placebo group only (placebo, +10.8 pmol/L$$$ sunscreen, +1.3 pmol/L), but for no subject in either group was the level of 1,25‐dihydroxyvitamin D3 outside the reference range either at the start or at the end of the study. There were no significant differences by age, sex, and skin type in the change in 25‐hydroxyvitamin D3 or 1,25‐dihydroxyvitamin D3 over the study period. CONCLUSIONS: No person, including those aged 70 years and over, developed any vitamin D levels outside the normal reference range during the period of the study. The data suggest that over an Australian summer sufficient sunlight is received, probably through both the sunscreen itself and the lack of total skin cover at all times, to allow adequate vitamin D production in people who are recommended to use sunscreens regularly. More work is required to elucidate the relationship between 25‐hydroxyvitamin D3 and 1,25‐dihydroxyvitamin D3, particularly during the different seasons of the year.
Comparison of two treatment options for patients with precursor lesions of skin cancer: colchicine cream versus 5-FU cream$$$ INTERVENTION: Colchicine Drug Each one of the 45 patients will receive one of two treatments on each forearm. One forearm from each research subject will receive Colchicine 0.5% cream twice a day for 07 days while the other forearm will receive 5‐Fluorouracil 5% cream twice a day for 21 days. The forearms of the included patients will be randomized by computer simulation to define which treatment each side will receive. Throughout the study period, sunscreen will be provided for use on both forearms. Fluorouracil CONDITION: Actinic keratosis Actinic keratosis $$$ Actinic keratosis L00‐L99 PRIMARY OUTCOME: It is expected to find complete resolution of all actinic keratoses within the area treated with colchicine cream by counting the number of lesions before and after treatment. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Assess whether there will be a reduction in the severity score of actinic keratoses by comparing the score obtained by the same patient at the beginning and at the end of the research Check if there was improvement in the dermatoscopic findings of actinic keratoses after treatment, by examining the treated area with the aid of a dermatoscope Check if there will be the appearance of non‐melanoma skin cancer in the treated areas through dermatological examination performed after 14 and 90 days after the beginning of treatment Check the profile of adverse effects of the medications used in the study through a dermatological consultation that will be carried out after 14 days of starting treatments. The following aspects will be evaluated: presence of erythema, local pain, edema, desquamation and other complaints that patients may describe Evaluate the incomplete reduction in the count of the number of actinic keratoses, but that represents more than 75% of resolution, through the count of lesions before and after treatment INCLUSION CRITERIA: Sign the Informed Consent Form$$$ age over 18 years, both sexes$$$ present a minimum of 3 and a maximum of 10 lesions clinically compatible with AK on each dorsal face of the forearm.
Comparative study of imiquimod 3.75% vs. photodynamic therapy for actinic keratosis of the scalp$$$ Background/purpose: To assess efficacy, tolerability, adverse effects, recurrence, and aesthetic results of imiquimod 3.75% vs. photodynamic therapy with 5‐aminolaevulinic acid (MAL‐PDT) for actinic keratosis (AK). Methods: A small randomized, intraindividual right‐left pilot study for AK treatment of multiple scalp lesions was performed. Patients were treated with imiquimod and subsequently MAL‐PDT (on opposite sides of the scalp) 14 days apart. Study end points were evaluated with clinical and dermoscopic examinations at 1, 3, 6, and 12 months. Results: Nine male bald patients were enrolled. Imiquimod achieved a slightly higher overall clearance rate than MAP‐PDT (68.1% vs 56.5%). According to AK degree of severity, clearance rates were greater for degree I and III with imiquimod (68.8%, 64.5% and 75% with imiquimod vs. 48%, 69.8%, and 66.7% for MAL‐PDT, respectively). At 12 months, a slightly higher total recurrence rate was noted for imiquimod compared with MAL‐PDT (9.9% vs. 8.6%)$$$ new lesions were 2 degree I for imiquimod and 4 degree I for MAL‐PDT. For both treatments, pain was moderate/strong (even if MAL‐PDT seems to be less tolerable) adverse effects are common and transient$$$ aesthetic results excellent. Conclusion: Both imiquimod and MAL‐PDT were effective in the reduction in the number of AK. In the long‐term, both present a good effectiveness maintained over time with excellent aesthetic results. A combination or sequential therapy could optimize the management of the cancerization field.
A phase-II randomized placebo controlled study on efficacy of topical application of curcumin and curcumin containing polyherbal cream to clear cervical human papillomavirus infection$$$ Background: Human Papillomavirus (HPV) testing is recommended by WHO as the test of choice for cervical cancer screening. Till date there is no effective treatment directed towards clearance of HPV. The infected women are followed up till they clear infection or develop neoplasias. This is programmatically challenging. In‐vitro studies observed anti‐HPV properties of curcumin and demonstrated curcumin induced inhibition of HPV‐E6/E7 transcription and restoration of expression of p53, Rb, PTPN13, inhibited by E6/E7. Aim: The present four‐arm, double‐blind, randomized phase‐II trial was designed to evaluate the efficacy of BasantTM, a polyherbal cream containing extracts of curcumin (along with reetha, amla and aloe vera) and the efficacy of curcumin gelatine capsules to clear cervical HPV infections. Methods: Non‐pregnant women between 30‐60 years were tested for HPV. HPV‐detection in cervical samples was done by PCR using MY‐09/11 L1 consensus primers. Women positive for any HPV were subjected to colposcopy and biopsy to rule out high‐grade cervical neoplasias. HPV‐positive women without high‐grade lesions (N = 287) were randomized to four arms to be treated with BasantTM vaginal cream, placebo vaginal cream, curcumin vaginal capsules and placebo vaginal capsules respectively. All subjects used one application of designated formulation daily for 30 consecutive days except during menstruation. They were recalled within one month of last application for repeat HPV test, cytology and colposcopy. Results: HPV clearance rate in BasantTM arm (87.7%) was significantly higher than placebo (73.3%). Curcumin alone also caused higher but not statistically significant clearance rate (81.3%) than placebo. Type‐specific clearance of HPV types 16 and 18 also showed similar patterns. Vaginal irritation and itching was significantly higher after BasantTM application but not after curcumin capsules. No serious adverse event was noted. Conclusions: Curcumin is effective in achieving HPV clearance when applied locally on cervix. Phase‐III trial is justified based on these findings.
Effect of one-week treatment with vaginal estrogen preparations on serum estrogen levels in postmenopausal women$$$ OBJECTIVE: Approximately 50% of postmenopausal women suffer from vaginal atrophy, and a large proportion of them choose intravaginal estrogen preparations administered for local action to avoid systemic exposure to estrogens and its associated risk of breast and uterine cancer. The primary objective of this study was the evaluation of the systematic bioavailability of estradiol and estrone and the pharmacokinetics of two of the most frequently used intravaginal estrogen preparations, namely Vagifem and Premarin cream. DESIGN: While immunobased assays could not previously provide accurate measurement of serum estrogen concentrations in postmenopausal women, we have used validated mass spectrometry assays to measure the pharmacokinetics of serum estradiol and estrone during the 24 hours following the seventh daily application of 25 microg estradiol (Vagifem) and 1 g (0.625 mg) conjugated estrogens (Premarin) cream in 10 postmenopausal women in each group. RESULTS: Serum estradiol was increased on average by 5.4‐fold from 3 to 17 pg/mL during the 24‐hour period after daily administration of 25 microg estradiol or 1 g (0.625 mg) conjugated estrogens cream. Serum estrone, conversely, increased 150% with Vagifem and 500% with Premarin cream. CONCLUSIONS: The present data using validated, accurate, and sensitive mass spectrometry assays of estrogens show that the Vagifem pill and Premarin cream, after 1 week of daily treatment, cause an approximately fivefold increase in serum estradiol in postmenopausal women, thus indicating that the effects are unlikely to be limited to the vagina and that systemic actions are expected after application of these intravaginal estrogen preparations.
Short-contact topical calcipotriene foam and fluorouracil cream after cryotherapy for actinic keratosis$$$ Introduction: Treatments for actinic keratoses (AKs), precursors to squamous cell carcinoma, include cryotherapy (LN2) and topical 5‐fluorouracil (5‐FU). Due to 5‐FU irritation, short‐contact 5‐FU has been reported. Recent research suggests that topical Vitamin D may also be efficacious AK treatment. Objective: This retrospective study evaluates efficacy and safety of short‐contact topical calcipotriene foam (Vit D3) and 5‐FU 1% cream (5‐FU) after LN2 for AK treatment compared to short‐contact Vit D3 after LN2, short‐contact 5‐FU after LN2, and LN2. Materials and Methods: Retrospective data between 2016 and 2018 was collected on 50 patients with AKs treated with short‐contact Vit D3 + 5‐FU after LN2, 5‐FU after LN2, and with LN2, respectively, and on 25 patients with AKs treated with short‐contact Vit D3 after LN2 treated. Lesion counts of AK's were assessed on the face, upper or lower extremities, scalp, chest, and back at baseline, 51‐100 days, 101‐200 days, and 201‐300 days. An analysis of covariance (ANCOVA) model with terms for treatment and baseline lesion count as covariate was used to compare post‐treatment lesion counts between treatment groups, estimated at 95% confidence intervals. Results: After adjusting for imbalances in baseline count, statistically significant reductions in AKs occurred with short‐contact 5‐FU +Vit D3 treatment after LN2 by 101‐200 days, and also with short‐contact Vit D3 after LN2 and short‐contact 5‐FU after LN2 by 201‐300 days, respectively, compared to LN2. Conclusions: Addition of topical Vit D3 to short‐contact 5‐FU after LN2 causes statistically significant reductions in AKs by 101‐200 days and may result in improved long‐term outcomes for patients with AKs. Larger prospective, randomized series must be performed to confirm increased efficacy and safety.
Curative Effect Observation of Aitongling Paste External Application in Treating Cancerous Pain of Pancreatic Cancer$$$ Objective: To observe the curative effect of Aitongling paste external application on pancreatic cancer. Methods: Sixty patients with pancreatic cancer who were hospitalized from March 2007 to March 2009 were randomly divided into treatment group (30 cases) and control group (30 cases). The treatment group according to pancreatic cancer acupoints, the use of cancer pain cream paste with traditional Chinese medicine fumigation treatment steam heating treatment$$$ The control group was treated with WHO's "Three‐Step Drug Analgesia" methods. Results: Compared with the control group, the treatment group had shorter onset time of pain relief, longer duration of pain relief, and better pain level and grade than the control group, with significant differences(P<0.05). Conclusion: Aitongling plaster to treatment of cancer pain rapid onset of analgesic long time, curative effect.
Randomized intra-patient controlled trial of mepilex lite dressings versus aqueous cream in managing radiation-induced skin reactions post-mastectomy$$$ Objective: Severe acute radiation‐induced skin reactions occur in a significant proportion of women who receive radiation therapy for breast cancer. We previously showed that Mepilex Lite dressings decreased the severity of erythema. Here we report their effect on the full range of skin reactions in 74 breast cancer patients post‐mastectomy. Methods: A total of 80 women were recruited from four hospitals in New Zealand with 74 women contributing a full data set for analysis. The first skin area on the chest wall to develop erythema was randomly divided into two similar halves$$$ one half was treated with Mepilex Lite dressings, the other half with aqueous cream. Skin reactions were assessed using the Radiation‐Induced Skin Reaction Assessment Scale. Results: Compared with aqueous cream, Mepilex Lite dressings did not significantly reduce the incidence of moist desquamation but did reduce the overall severity of skin reactions by 41% (p<0.001), the average moist desquamation score by 49% (p=0.043) and the sum of the moist desquamation time for all patches by 28% from 25 to 18 weeks. Most patients preferred the dressings, found them easy to use and very comfortable to wear. Conclusions: Mepilex Lite dressings reduce all aspects of radiation‐induced skin reactions. © 2012 Paterson DB, et al.
Association of Vaginal Estradiol Tablet With Serum Estrogen Levels in Women Who Are Postmenopausal: secondary Analysis of a Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Importance: Half of women who are postmenopausal have genitourinary discomfort after menopause. Recommended therapies include low‐dose vaginal estrogen. Individuals with a history of breast cancer or venous thromboembolism may have concerns about the safety of this intervention. Objective: To compare serum estrogen concentrations with the use of vaginal estrogen, 10 μg, tablet vs placebo in women who are postmenopausal. Design, Setting, and Participants: This is a secondary, post hoc analysis of data from a randomized clinical trial of treatment for moderate to severe genitourinary syndrome in women who are postmenopausal. The study was conducted at Kaiser Permanente Washington Health Research Institute and the University of Minnesota from April 11, 2016, to April 23, 2017. Measurements and data analysis were performed from November 3, 2020, to September 23, 2022. Interventions: Participants were randomly assigned to vaginal estradiol tablet (10 μg/d for 2 weeks and then twice weekly) plus placebo gel (3 times weekly) or dual placebo for 12 weeks. Main Outcomes and Measures: In this post hoc analysis, baseline and week 12 serum estradiol, estrone, and sex hormone‐binding globulin (SHBG) concentrations were measured by a chemiluminescent assay. Week 12 values of the 3 analytes were compared by baseline participant characteristics. Linear models compared week 12 estradiol concentrations between treatment groups, adjusted for baseline characteristics. Results: A total of 174 women, mean (SD) age 61 (4) years, were included. Those in the estrogen group (n = 88) were more likely to have higher geometric mean (SD) week 12 serum estradiol concentrations (4.3 [2.2 pg/mL]) than those in the placebo group (n = 86) (3.5 [2.1] pg/mL) (P = .01). Adjusted for pretreatment hormone concentrations, age, clinical site, and body mass index, assignment to the estrogen vs placebo treatment group was significantly associated with higher week 12 estradiol concentrations (23.8% difference$$$ 95% CI, 6.9%‐43.3%). Most (121 of 174 [69.5%]) participants had enrollment serum estradiol concentrations higher than 2.7 pg/mL. Of women starting treatment at estradiol levels lower than or equal to 2.7 pg/mL, 38.1% (8 of 21) in the estrogen group and 34.4% (11 of 32) in the placebo group had estradiol concentrations higher than 2.7 pg/mL after 12 weeks of study participation (P = .78). Treatment assignment was not associated with week 12 estrone or SHBG concentrations. Conclusions and Relevance: In this secondary analysis of a randomized clinical trial, a significant, although small, increase in serum estradiol levels was noted after 12 weeks of vaginal estrogen administration. The clinical relevance of this small increase is uncertain. Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT02516202.
A Phase II Study of Vaginal Testosterone Cream (TEST) vs. Estring for Vaginal Dryness or Decreased Libido in Women with Early Stage Breast Cancer (BC) Treated with Aromatase Inhibitors (AIs)$$$ Abstract Number: 5038 Background: Sexual issues including vaginal dryness and decreased libido are common among breast cancer patients. Many interventions are hormonally based. The risk of these treatments is unknown and is of interest, particularly for patients with hormone receptor positive disease. Design: In a randomized open label study, we are evaluating the safety, based on serial measurements of serum estradiol (E) levels, of intravaginal TEST or Estring used for 12 weeks (wks) for relief of vaginal dryness and/or decreased libido in women with early stage BC taking AIs. Planned enrollment is 35 patients (pts) per arm, and accrual will stop if a predetermined number of pts has a sustained elevation in serum E while on study. E is measured by an ultrasensensitive liquid chromatography‐tandem mass spectrometry based assay. Eligible pts have not had a menstrual period for 12 months. and have taken an AI for at least one month. Pts who received chemotherapy or who are on ovarian suppression must have a serum E of <10 pg/ml during the screening period. Pts are randomized to Estring 2mg for 12 wks or TEST inserted vaginally at a dose of 0.5 grams daily for 2 wks and then three times a week for 10 wks. Pts undergo a gynecologic exam at baseline and at wk 12 to score vaginal atrophy including measures of rugae, dryness, pallor, petachiae, and mucosal thinning. Serum E levels and a validated sexual quality of life questionnaire are collected at baseline, then at wks 4 and 12. Pts randomized to TEST have serum testosterone drawn at the same time points. Serum E levels are repeated at wk 8 and/or wk 16 if the level is elevated at either wk 4 or wk 12 to > 10 pg/ml or if there is a > 10 pg/ml elevation above their baseline value.Results: 29 pts have been enrolled$$$ 15 to TEST, 14 to Estring. 20 pts have completed the 12 wk study period. Adverse events are rare and include grade 1 vaginal discharge, odor, or burning, and hair growth. Two pts did not complete the study due to the Estring falling out. One pt discontinued Estring due to vaginal discharge and irritation. One pt using TEST discontinued treatment due to a herpes outbreak. Among the Estring pts, two had an elevation in serum E to >10 pg/ml (14 pg/ml and 70 pg/ml) at wk 4 or at wk 12$$$ but E returned to <10 pg/ml 4 wks later. Among pts using TEST, four had an elevation of serum E to > 10pg/ml at wk 4 or at wk 12$$$ one remained modestly elevated (17 pg/ml) 4 wks later. Vaginal atrophy scores showed improvement in pts receiving both treatments, although the study is not powered to show a difference between the two arms.Conclusions: Both vaginal TEST and Estring appear to be effective options to treat vaginal dryness in pts with early stage BC on AIs. The number of pts with sustained elevations in serum E levels to date has not reached the pre‐defined threshold for stopping the study.
Tolerance of criotherapy comparing with daylight photodynamic therapy with methyl aminolevulinate cream (MAL-PDT) in the treatment of actinic keratosis in transplant patients$$$ Background: Organ transplant patients show a higher incidence of actinic keratosis (AK) and nonmelanoma skin cancer than general population. Criotherapy and daylight‐photodynamic‐therapy with methyl‐aminolevuinate (DL‐PDT‐MAL) can be used to treat AK. 1‐5DL‐PDT‐MAL is usually a therapy of the field cancerization. Criotherapy treats only visible AK. Organ transplat patients usually receive multiple treatments for AK during their life and sometimes are not well tolerated. Methods: We treated 24 organ transplant patients with at least 1 year posttransplant and at least 5 AK in each side of face/scalp. Protocol consisted of 6 cycles of DL‐PDT‐MAL in one side of face or scalp (randomly selected): 2 sessions 15 days apart at baseline, at 3 and at 9 months. In the other side, 2 cycles of criotherapy was applied to visible AKs in a single session at baseline, at 3 and at 9 months. Pain tolerance was measured with a Visual Analog Scale for pain (0 was no pain and 10 the worst pain imaginable) . Differences were analysed using paired t testsResults: Of the 24 patients, 21 completed all treatments. Patients tolerated daylight‐MAL‐PDT better than cryotherapy measured with a visual analog scale for pain at baseline [(2.0 ± 1.4) vs (5.6 ± 1.5)$$$ P < .001], at 3 months [(2.0 ± 1.7) vs (4.6 ± 2.7)$$$ P < .001] and at 9 months [(1.7 ± 2.6) vs (4.7±2.5)$$$ P < . 001]. Conclusion: Day‐light‐PDT‐MAL seems to be better tolerated than cryotherapy.
Assessment of the anti-aging protection of the association of retinaldehyde, hyaluronic acid mono-oligomers and ascofilline abc™ in elderly patients$$$ The skin is increasingly exposed to sunlight, thus increasing risks for tissue damage, especially photoaging and cancer. Recently, an association of Retinaldehyde, Hyaluronic acid monooligomers and Ascofilline abc ™ was developed and shown to prevent photoaging in UVAexposed ex vivo human skin model (poster 492, ESDR2015). Therefore, the aim of this study was to evaluate the anti‐aging benefits of the formulation in elderly patients. The clinical trial was conducted from 17 females aged more than 70 years old whom biopsies were taken from photo‐exposed area of the outer forearm. The cream was applied once a day during 56 days according to a randomization list (untreated versus treated arm). The anti‐aging efficacy of the formula was evaluated by shot gun proteomic methodology using mass spectrometry (SGP, n=17), but also immunohistochemistry (IHC, n=11) and transmission electron microscopy (TEM, n=6). SGP showed that the formulation up‐regulates the expression of proteins involved in keratinocyte differentiation (involucrin, filaggrin), tissue cohesion (integrin a5) and dermal matrix (collagen 1a2/5a3, isoform 4/9 elastin, fibulin 3/5). IHC analyses confirmed that the cream stimulates the collagen IV expression in the dermal epidermal junction (DEJ). The intensity of the tissue response was patient‐dependent, and more than half of patients responded to the anti‐aging treatment. The collagen I expression was also enhanced in the dermis of the treated‐skin. TEM revealed that the skin ultrastucture is strongly altered in elderly, but a benefit of the formula was observed and the DEJ seemed better structured and the papillary dermis was richer in collagen fibers than the non‐treated forearm. Altogether, the results demonstrated that the association of Retinaldehyde, Hyaluronic acid mono‐oligomers and Ascofilline abc ™ has anti‐aging properties in elderly patients, suggesting that it may be used as a new anti‐aging dermo‐cosmetic products.
Effect of tartaric acid and dietary fibre from sun-dried raisins on colonic function and on bile acid and volatile fatty acid excretion in healthy adults$$$ Sun‐dried raisins are a source of dietary fibre and tartaric acid. The effects of tartaric acid on colon function have not been the focus of extensive research. The purpose of the present study was to evaluate the effects of dietary fibre and tartaric acid from sun‐dried raisins on colon function and on faecal bile acid and short‐chain fatty acid (SCFA) excretion in healthy adults. Thirteen healthy subjects were fed 120 g sun‐dried raisins/d or 5 g cream of tartar (equivalent to the tartaric acid in 120 g sun‐dried raisins)/d for 9 weeks, divided into 3‐week cycles. The experimental diets were fed in a crossover design after an initial control period. Faeces were collected for the last 4 d of each cycle for analysis of SCFA and bile acids. Intestinal transit time decreased from 42 h on the baseline diet to 31 h on cream of tartar (P<0.1) and to 28 h on sun‐dried raisins (P<0.05). Faeces were softer on both sun‐dried raisins and cream of tartar, but sun‐dried raisins increased faecal wet weight (P<0.05), while cream of tartar did not. Sun‐dried raisins caused significant reductions from baseline values in total bile acid concentration (from 1.42 (SD 1.03) to 1.09 (SD 0.76) mg/g, P<0.05), whereas cream of tartar did not (1.40 (SD 1.06) mg/g). Sun‐dried raisins also significantly reduced the lithocholic (LC):deoxylithocholic acid (DC) ratio (from 1.63 (SD 0.85) to 1.09 (SD 0.50), P<0.02), whereas cream of tartar reduced the ratio, but to a lesser extent (1.29 (SD 0.79), NS). Both faecal bile acids and the LC:DC ratio are indicators of reduced risk for colon cancer. Sun‐dried raisins increased total SCFA excretion (from 5.6 (SD 3.4) to 7.6 (SD 3.0) g/4 d, P<0.05), which remained unchanged with cream of tartar (5.6 (SD 3.0) g/4 d). Both sun‐dried raisins and cream of tartar appear to be good stool softeners and to shorten intestinal transit time, although the fibre in sun‐dried raisins has the added benefit of increasing faecal weight. Both sun‐dried raisins and cream of tartar modulate the composition of faecal bile acids and SCFA in a way that has potential health benefits.
Comparison of clinical and histologic findings in daylight photodynamic therapy for skin field cancerization: a randomized controlled four-arm study on physical methods-assisted delivery of methyl aminolevulinate$$$ BACKGROUND: Daylight photodynamic therapy (DL‐PDT) has similar efficacy to conventional photodynamic therapy in treating actinic keratosis (AKs). Good clinical outcomes have been reported when associated with physical methods such as microneedles, but a comparison of different methods and histologic studies is lacking. OBJECTIVES: To evaluate clinical and histologic modifications induced by standard DL‐PDT and compare with DL‐PDT associated with physical methods in treating skin field cancerization of the face. METHODS: Forty patients with photodamaged skin and at least one AK lesion on the face were randomly distributed into four groups, ten patients in each (I: Standard DL‐PDT$$$ II: DL‐PDT + microneedles$$$ III: DL‐PDT + CO2 laser$$$ IV: DL‐PDT + microdermabrasion) and underwent two DL‐PDT sessions with methyl aminolevulinate cream and 2‐hour daylight exposure. Skin biopsies were performed on all patients before and 3 months after. All fragments were stained using the hematoxylin‐eosin, orcein, and picrosirius. RESULTS: All 40 patients completed the study. Group III had a higher AK‐clearance after 1 (p = 0,002) and 3 (p = 0,034) months, but it was similar in every group at 6 months (p = 0,441). Group III and IV had better clinical global improvement on texture, pigmentation and fine lines. In the groups associated with physical methods, the improvement of the keratinocytes' atypia and solar elastosis were remarkable. Only group III showed a significant reduction in solar elastosis (p = 0.034) and increased collagen type I (p = 0.028) after treatment. CONCLUSION: DL‐PDT‐associated with physical methods had better clinical and histologic results. AK‐clearance were significantly higher after 1 and 3 months with pretreatment‐CO2 laser. Photorejuvenation were more evident with pretreatment‐CO2 laser and microdermabrasion. Pretreatment‐CO2 laser showed a significant reduction in solar elastosis and increase of collagen type 1. These results pointed to the pretreatment with laser as a potentially better option for skin field cancerization of the face.
Pharmacoeconomic evaluation of calcipotriol (Daivonex/Dovonex) and UVB phototherapy in the treatment of psoriasis: a Markov model for The Netherlands$$$ BACKGROUND: The high prevalence and chronic nature of psoriasis leads to high costs in relation to the treatment and control of the disease. A number of clinical trials have shown that a combination therapy of calcipotriol cream (Daivonex/Dovonex), Leo Pharmaceutical Products) and ultraviolet B phototherapy (UVB) decreases the total number of UVB exposures required compared to UVB treatment alone. From a societal point of view, the addition of calcipotriol to UVB therapy could achieve cost savings due to the fewer UVB treatments needed and the reduced travelling and time off work for patients. Fewer UVB exposures may also have other beneficial effects, i.e., shortened waiting lists and less risk to patients of developing cancer or photoaging of the skin. OBJECTIVE: To compare the cost‐effectiveness of treating psoriatic patients in the Netherlands with calcipotriol cream used daily combined with twice weekly UVB treatments to emollient used daily combined with UVB given 3 times weekly. METHODS: Based on the clinical results from a Canadian trial, a decision‐analytical model was constructed to simulate treatment outcomes and estimate the costs of managing psoriatic patients in the Netherlands over a period of 20 weeks from initiation of therapy. Unit costs and details of standard treatment protocols were collected from Dutch dermatology centres in hospitals and the community for use in the model. Other therapies, such as topical corticosteroids, tar or dithranol were not investigated in this analysis. RESULTS: The total cost of managing psoriatic patients in the Netherlands over a 20‐week period is estimated as EUR 1,175.90 for those treated with calcipotriol and UVB and EUR 1,212.14 for patients treated with emollient and UVB. Thus, the former treatment, adding calcipotriol to UVB phototherapy, provides a minor cost saving of EUR 36.24 (3%) compared to the cost of UVB treatment alone. Sensitivity analyses demonstrated that these results are sensitive to changes in the cost of UVB treatment. CONCLUSION: Calcipotriol treatment combined with UVB phototherapy is a cost‐neutral alternative to UVB phototherapy used with an emollient. The patients achieve treatment success in the same time on both treatments but the former, with calcipotriol, requires less exposure to UVB radiation. The additional drug costs from using calcipotriol are offset by savings from the fewer UVB sessions required. Essential beneficial effects for patients are less inconvenience, less risk of developing photoaging of the skin and less exposure to potentially carcinogenic radiations.
Methoxyflurane via the Penthrox® Inhaler: impact on pain and anxiety during radionucleide injection for lymphoscintigraphy in cancer patients$$$ Background. During lymphoscintigraphy to identify the sentinel nodes for biopsy after melanoma or breast cancer excision, radionucleide injection is identified as a brief but intensely painful stimulus. No literature discusses this pain or its prevention. This double‐blind, randomized controlled trial evaluated the role of methoxyflurane as an analgesic and anxiolytic for lymphoscintigraphy. Methods. Sixty patients were enrolled. All received standard pre‐treatment with topical EMLA cream then were randomised to receive either methoxyflurane via the Penthrox® Inhaler or a blank inhaler removed from a bag containing a drop of methoxyflurane as scent, immediately prior to and during lymphoscintigraphy injection. Pain intensity (PI VAS0‐100 and verbal rating scale) and anxiety (VAS‐A0‐100) were assessed prior to inhalation (T0), immediately after injection (T1), at completion of nuclear scanning (T2), and upon arrival in the operating suite (T3). A global performance assessment of analgesia (GPA: 0 = poor$$$ 1 = fair$$$ 2 = good$$$ 3 = very good$$$ 4 = excellent), State‐Trait Anxiety Inventory (STAI) and adverse events were recorded. Results. Relative to EMLA alone, methoxyflurane decreased anxiety at T1 (P = 0.02), anxiety recalled during injection (P = 0.025), and increased the anxiety difference between T0 and T1 (P = 0.004), relative to placebo (EMLA alone). There was a non‐significant trend to pain intensity reduction (PI VAS) at T1 (P = 0.064). There was no difference in GPA or STAI. Methoxyflurane increased lightheadedness (P = 0.007), dizziness (P = 0.024) and concern due to pungent smell (P < 0.001). Conclusion. The only advantage of methoxyflurane was anxiolysis during lymphoscintigraphy.
Behavioural dynamics of a clinical trial of sunscreens for reducing solar keratoses in Victoria, Australia$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine whether the behaviour of participants based on perception of treatment group in a randomised trial contributed to clinical outcome. DESIGN: A double blind randomised controlled trial of the effect of daily application of SPF 17 broad spectrum sunscreen cream (or placebo) on solar keratoses. SETTING: A rural city in Victoria, Australia. Residents aged 40 years or over were invited by letter to attend for a skin cancer screening check. Of these, 588 people with between one and 30 solar keratoses enrolled in the trial and 431 completed the trial, which extended over a six month period that included summer. Participants' perceptions of their treatment allocation, adherence with the treatment regimen, adoption of other sun protection behaviours, side effects, and perceptions of change in condition were measured at two monthly intervals. RESULTS: There were no significant differences between those who completed the study and those that did not for sex, age, treatment group, skin type, number of solar keratoses or correct perception of treatment group. Thirty per cent of those completing the study correctly guessed their treatment allocation, and people were just as likely to be right as to be wrong when they stated their opinion about their treatment allocation (z = 1.04$$$ p = 0.15). Study group, skin type, amount of time spent outdoors, presence of side effects, perceptions of change in skin condition did not significantly predict correct perception of treatment allocation. Multivariate analysis of variance indicated that adoption of other sun protection and adherence with cream use were not significantly affected by actual treatment allocation, correct perception of treatment allocation nor by their interaction. Poisson regression analysis showed a significantly lower difference ratio of solar keratoses in the sunscreen group compared with the placebo base cream group (OR 0.55$$$ CI = 0.46, 0.64), and for women compared with men (OR = 0.76$$$ CI = 0.63, 0.93) but no independent effect of any of the indices of other sun protection or adherence. CONCLUSIONS: A sufficient level of commitment to study procedures was achieved, so that trial participants did not adopt other behaviours that affected treatment outcomes. It is recommended that the potential threat to validity posed by the behaviour of participants be recognised at an early stage in planning of clinical trials, so that strategies to deal with this can be integrated into study protocols.
Efficacy Studies of Acupoint Sticking Point Injection Alone and in Combination with in Prevention of CINV$$$ Objective:To compare the efficacy of acupoint sticking and acupoint injection singly or combined in the prevention of vomiting after chemotherapy treatment. Methods:90 patients with non‐small cell lung cancer II/III of TP regimen were randomly divided into three groups including joint group, antiemetic cream group and metoclopramide group, with 30 cases in each group. Patients of joint group were treated with acupoint sticking and acupoint injection. Patients of antiemetic cream group were treated with acupoint sticking therapy. Patients of metoclopramide group were treated with acupoint injection therapy. The effect of Vomiting control, the scores of principal symptoms and signs, serotonin levels and adverse reactions were compared among the three groups. Results:The total effective rate of joint group, antiemetic cream group and metoclopramide control group were respectively 96.67%, 93.33%, 90.00%. The difference was not statistically significant (P>0.05). The score of principal symptoms and signs of joint group was lower compared with antiemetic metoclopramide group and cream group (P<0.05). Differences in 5‐serotonin level among in the three groups were not statistically significant (P>0.05). Rates of adverse effects of joint group, antiemetic cream group and metoclopramide group were 33.33% , 0, 26.67%, respectively, and the differences were statistically significant (P<0.05). Conclusion:Acupoint sticking alone, acupoint injection alone, acupoint sticking combined with acupoint injection can obviously decrease the occurring of nausea and vomiting, reduce the adverse reaction after chemotherapy and increase antiemetic efficacy, but there are no significant differences among them. Acupoint sticking and acupoint injection combined could significantly decrease the scores of principal symptoms and signs of patients, while it is safer to use acupoint sticking alone as no adverse reaction.
Efficacy of lidocaine 7 %, tetracaine 7 % self-occlusive cream in reducing MAL-cPDT-associated pain in subjects with actinic keratosis: a randomized, single-blind, vehicle-controlled trial (The "3P-Trial")$$$ INTRODUCTION: Conventional photodynamic therapy (cPDT) is considered a very effective treatment of actinic keratosis (AK) lesions. However, its use is limited by the fact that this procedure could be very painful. The use of topical anesthetics such as tetracaine or lignocaine/prilocaine has shown disappointing results in term of pain reduction. A self‐occlusive topical 7% lidocaine/7% tetracaine anesthetic cream (LT‐C) approved by the FDA to provide local topical anesthesia in adults undergoing superficial dermatological procedures is available. There are no data regarding its pain reducing effect during cPDT. We perform a prospective, randomized, single‐blind, two‐center trial (The 3P‐Trial) to assess the pain reduction effect of LT‐C versus vehicle in subjects with AK undergoing cPDT. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Fifty AK subjects (74 ± 10 years, 32 men, 18 women) with on average 17 lesions were enrolled after their written informed consent. Eight subjects presented also a total of 16 basal cell carcinoma lesions. Twenty‐five were randomized to LT‐cream, applied 1 h before the Methyl amino levulinate (MAL)‐cPDT session and 25 to cream vehicle. The main outcome was the patient‐assessed evaluation of pain score during and just after the conclusion of cPDT session (mean of the two values) using a 10‐point visual analog scale (VAS). The cPDT session (LED Red light 630 nm) was performed with a duration of 6 ± 2 min with a standard fluence of 37 J/cm2. All treated lesions were prepared by gentle superficial curettage. RESULTS: All the randomized subjects concluded the trial. The mean ± SD of VAS score in vehicle group was 6.2 ± 2.7 (95 % CI of the mean: 5.0‐7.5). In the group treated with LT‐cream the VAS score was 3.3 ± 1.9 (95 % CI of the mean: 2.5‐4.1). The active cream reduced the VAS score by 47 %. Median values of pain VAS score in the active group was reduced by 60 % in comparison with vehicle group (3.0 vs 7.5). The difference between the two groups was statistically significant (p = 0.0009$$$ Mann‐Whitney test). DISCUSSION: The 3P‐trial has demonstrated that the preventive application of the self‐occlusive lidocaine 7%‐tetracaine 7% cream is very effective in reducing the procedure‐associated pain during MAL‐cPDT for the treatment of AK lesions.
Topical Diltiazem before transrectal ultrasonography (TRUS) - Guided biopsy of the prostate: a randomised controlled trial$$$ Introduction: Transrectal ultrasound (TRUS) guided biopsy of prostate is the gold standard method of diagnosing prostate cancer. The procedure can be uncomfortable and is poorly tolerated by some patients. Injection of local anaesthetic agents around the prostatic nerve bundles has shown to reduce the pain associated with the procedure. It has been previously shown that some of the discomfort associated with procedure is secondary to spasm of anal sphincter. Experience from colorectal surgery has demonstrated that topical Diltiazem can relax the anal sphincter. We aim to evaluate the use of topical Diltiazem cream as an adjunct to periprostatic nerve block in reducing pain associated with TRUS guided prostatic biopsy. Method: Ethical approval for the study has been obtained. The study is double blinded and will be undertaken in three centres. Consenting patients undergoing TRUS biopsy of prostate are randomised into Diltiazem and placebo group. Patients will be asked to fill out a questionnaire at the end of the procedure. The questionnaire enquires about discomfort associated with various part of the procedure using a 10 cm visual analogue scale. To detect a change in mean pain score of 1 unit with the power of 90% using a two‐sided significance of 5% it is necessary to admit at least 140 patients to the trial. Results: Pending.
Reducing radiation dermatitis using a filmforming silicone gel: a pilot randomized controlled trial$$$ Purpose or Objective Various topical agents have been used to manage radiation dermatitis during radiation therapy. No topical agent has proven to be better than any other. This work aims to validate the efficacy of a film‐forming silicone gel (StrataXRT®) for patients receiving whole breast radiotherapy. Material and Methods A single institutional, open‐label, randomized, pilot study was performed in 49 breast cancer patients receiving radiotherapy after breast conserving surgery. Patients were randomized to use a film‐forming silicone gel (StrataXRT group) or a moisturizing cream (X‐derm® group). The severity of radiation dermatitis was graded using physiological skin parameters (erythema index, melanin index, and trans‐epidermal water loss$$$ TEWL), provider‐assessed visual rating scales (CSSP, RTOG, and CTCAE scales) and patient‐reported symptoms (dryness, itchiness, burning sensation, and pain). Changes in these parameters from baseline to 4 weeks post‐radiotherapy were evaluated every two weeks. Two‐way repeatedmeasures ANOVA with Greenhouse‐Geisser correction followed by Bonferroni's post hoc test was used to analyze the difference of changes in the severity of radiation dermatitis. Results Two‐way repeated‐measures ANOVA revealed different patterns of changes in erythema index (F=3.609, p=0.008) and melanin index (F=3.475, p=0.015). When compared with X‐derm group, the StrataXRT group showed significant reductions in erythema index at the end of radiotherapy (p<0.001) and melanin index at two weeks postradiotherapy (p=0.006). There were no significant differences between groups with respect to TEWL, clinician‐assessed visual rating scales, and self‐reporting questionnaires. Conclusion The use of the film‐forming silicone gel appears to have a positive effect toward reducing radiation dermatitis compared to that of a moisturizing cream. The results of this study will support the feasibility of conducting a larger randomized control trial.
Surgical excision vs. imiquimod 5% cream for basal cell carcinoma: a multicentre noninferiority randomized controlled trial$$$ The incidence of basal cell carcinoma (BCC) is increasing worldwide. Imiquimod cream may be useful for people with BCC occurring in low‐risk body sites, but it has not been compared head to head with standard excisional surgery. We conducted a noninferiority randomized controlled trial comparing imiquimod 5% cream with surgical excision with a 4‐ mm margin in 501 participants with primary nodular or superficial BCC. The main aim of the trial was to see if the proportion of participants with clinical evidence of 'success' (primary outcome), defined as absence of initial treatment failure or signs of local recurrence at 3 years, was acceptable and clinically useful along with an acceptable side‐effect profile, for imiquimod compared with surgery. Participants in the imiquimod group received imiquimod daily for 6 weeks for superficial and 12 weeks for nodular BCC. At 3 years, significantly fewer participants in the imiquimod group (83.6%) were successfully treated compared with the surgical group (98.4%), relative risk (RR) 0.84 [98% confidence interval (CI) 0.78‐0.91], with most imiquimod treatment failures occurring in the first year after treatment. Imiquimod could not be said to be noninferior to surgery at 3 years as it did not meet our predefined noninferiority criterion of RR = 0.87. Significantly fewer participants in the imiquimod group were successfully treated compared with surgery at years 1 and 2, RR 0.88 (98% CI 0.82‐0.93) and RR 0.86 (98% CI 0.80‐0.92), respectively. More participants experienced at least moderate pain during imiquimod treatment compared with surgery, whereas less pain was experienced with imiquimod than surgery during the follow‐up period. There was no significant difference in cosmetic appearance when rated by participants, but a difference in favour of imiquimod was noted by dermatologists from photographs. There were fewer treatment failures in the surgery group compared with imiquimod and little difference in cost between them. Imiquimod cream may still be a useful treatment option in primary care for small, low‐risk superficial or nodular BCC depending on patient preference.
The Overall Number of Actinic Keratosis Lesions Is Not Predictable by the Number of Visible Lesions: consequences for Field-Directed Therapies$$$ Actinic keratoses are keratotic lesions occurring on skin areas extensively damaged by sunlight. Using data from a previously published Phase III randomized, controlled clinical trial in patients with at least 5 actinic keratoses, we explored the potential link between the number of visible actinic keratosis lesions before any treatment and the total number of lesions of the field cancerization as revealed by 5‐fluorouracil cream. Our analysis suggests that the baseline number of visible actinic keratoses is a poor indicator of the real number of lesions in the field of cancerization, reinforcing the need to explain the field cancerization concept to patients. (Curr Ther Res Clin Exp. 2022$$$ 82:XXX–XXX) © 2022 Elsevier HS Journals, Inc.
Topical Boswellic acids for treatment of photoaged skin$$$ Boswellic acids (BAs) are pentacyclic triterpenes extracted from the gum resins of the tropical tree Boswellia serrata. They are orally administered in traditional Indian medicine for the treatment of several inflammatory disease and cancer because of their anti‐inflammatory and immunomodulatory activities as well as stimulatory effects on fibroblasts. The present authors have investigated efficacy, tolerability, and safety of a base cream containing 0.5% BAs in the treatment of clinical manifestations of photoaging of facial skin with a randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, split‐face study. Fifteen female volunteers applied the creams with or without BAs on the half sides of the face once daily for 30 days. Significant improvements of the Dover's global score for photoaging, tactile roughness, and fine lines, as well as, with noninvasive diagnostic techniques, an increase of elasticity, a decrease of sebum excretion, and a change of echographic parameters were observed with topical BAs in comparison with placebo. The treatment was always well tolerated without adverse effects. The present findings seem to indicate that topical application of BAs may represent a suitable treatment option for selected features of skin photoaging.
Protoporphyrin IX formation after topical application of methyl aminolaevulinate and BF-200 aminolaevulinic acid declines with age$$$ BACKGROUND: Topical photodynamic therapy (PDT) is a popular treatment modality in dermatology. The effect of PDT in epidermal cells depends on formation of protoporphyrin IX (PpIX) from 5‐aminolevulinic acid (ALA). A variety of physiological changes in epidermal function occur with increasing age, but no studies have investigated whether PpIX formation is age‐related. OBJECTIVES: To investigate a possible relationship between age and PpIX formation. METHODS: Methyl aminolaevulinate cream (MAL) and 5‐ALA gel (BF‐200 ALA) were applied to two identical fields on the forearm of 30 healthy volunteers for 24 h. The volunteers were divided into two age groups: a young group under 55 years (range 18‐54) and an older group over 55 years (range 65‐85). PpIX formation was measured noninvasively every hour from 1‐5 h, and after 18, 21 and 24 h. Skin phototype, stratum corneum hydration and ultraviolet (UV) damage were also assessed. Treatment efficacy in relation to age was evaluated in 100 basal cell carcinomas (BCCs) treated with MAL‐PDT. RESULTS: Both photosensitizers induced significantly more PpIX formation in the younger group. Linear regression revealed a significant age‐related decline in PpIX formation after the standard application time of 3 h (P < 0.001 for both treatments). Skin phototype, stratum corneum hydration and UV damage were not associated with PpIX formation. The treatment efficacy of BCCs 3 months after MAL‐PDT was higher in young patients (P =  0.012). CONCLUSIONS: PpIX formation in human skin declines with age. No explanation could be attributed to skin phototype, stratum corneum hydration or UV damage. The consequence might be reduced efficacy of PDT in the elderly.
Vitamin D and psoralen plus UVA radiation$$$ Psoralen plus UVA (PUVA) light is a very effective and widely used monotherapy for psoriasis. However, it is associated with cumulative long‐term risks, including premature cutaneous aging and skin cancers. Several studies have shown that the addition of calcipotriene ointment to PUVA radiation has a UVA‐sparing effect, clearing psoriatic lesions sooner with lower cumulative doses of UVA radiation compared with doses of PUVA radiation alone. A recently completed multicenter study in Spain demonstrated that the use of calcipotriene cream plus PUVA radiation was also safe and effective for the treatment of plaque psoriasis, achieving results that were similar to those obtained with calcipotriene ointment plus PUVA radiation. Because creams are cosmetically more acceptable and less likely to stain, patients may prefer calcipotriene cream formulations. When used in conjunction with PUVA radiation, calcipotriene should be applied after the UVA radiation treatment because standard doses of UVA radiation have been shown to inactivate calcipotriene.
Phase III randomized double-blind study to evaluate the efficacy of a polycarbophil-based vaginal moisturizer in women with breast cancer$$$ PURPOSE: Vaginal dryness and dyspareunia are significant estrogen‐depletion symptoms that affect many breast cancer survivors. The present trial was developed to evaluate the nonhormonal vaginal lubricating preparation, Replens, for alleviating these symptoms. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A double‐blind, crossover, randomized clinical trial was developed. Patients received 4 weeks of Replens (Columbia Research Laboratories, Rockville Centre, NY) followed by a 1‐week washout period followed by 4 weeks of a placebo lubricating product, or vice versa. Weekly patient‐completed diaries were used for measuring efficacies and toxicities of therapy. RESULTS: The 45 assessable patients provided well‐balanced treatment groups. During the first 4 weeks, average vaginal dryness decreased by 62% and 64% in the placebo and Replens groups, respectively (P = .3). Average dyspareunia scores also improved by 41% and 60%, respectively (P = .05). Crossover analysis indicated that the bulk of the beneficial effects appeared within the first 2 weeks of the first treatment and remained constant thereafter. Both treatments were relatively well tolerated. CONCLUSION: Both Replens and the placebo appear to substantially ameliorate vaginal dryness and dyspareunia in breast cancer survivors.
Effect of lidocaine cream analgesia for chest drain tube removal after video-assisted thoracoscopic surgery for lung cancer: a randomized clinical trial$$$ Background and objectives Pain management makes an important contribution to good respiratory care and early recovery after thoracic surgery. Although the development of video‐assisted thoracoscopic surgery (VATS) has led to improved patient outcomes, chest tube removal could be distressful experience for many patients. The aim of this trial was to test whether the addition of lidocaine cream would have a significant impact on the pain treatment during chest tube removal from patients who had undergone VATS for lung cancer. Methods This clinical trial was a double‐blind randomized study. Forty patients with histologically confirmed lung cancer amenable to lobectomy/segmentectomy were enrolled. All patients had standard perioperative care. Patients were randomly assigned to receive either epidural anesthesia plus placebo cream (placebo, Group P) or epidural anesthesia plus 7% lidocaine cream cutaneously around the chest tube insertion site and on the skin over the tube's course 20 min (Group L) before chest drain removal. Results Visual analog scale (VAS) scores were higher in Group P (median 5, IQR, 3.25‐8) than in Group L (median 2, IQR, 1‐3). Pain intensities measured using a PainVision system were also higher in Group P (median 296.7, IQR, 216.9‐563.5) than Group L (median 41.2, IQR, 11.8‐97.0). VAS scores and the pain intensity associated with chest drain removal were significantly lower in Group L than Group P (p=0.0002 vs p<0.0001). Conclusion Analgesia using lidocaine cream is a very simple way to reduce the pain of chest tube removal after VATS. Trial registration number UMIN000013824.
Photobiomodulation in the treatment of palmar–plantar erythrodysesthesia: a randomised controlled clinical study protocol$$$ Introduction Hand–foot syndrome, also known as palmar–plantar erythrodysesthesia (PPE), is a complication caused by chemotherapy. Clinically, it manifests as erythema and oedema on the palms of the hands and feet, dry and scaly skin, accompanied by a sensation of tightness and pain. Extreme cases have blisters and ulcerations that may require hospitalisation and/or pause in cancer treatment. It can also be accompanied by paraesthesia. Considering the characteristics, photobiomodulation (PBM) may reduce the PPE effects. The objective of this protocol will be to evaluate the efficacy of PBM in reducing PPE induced by capecitabine and 5‐fluorouracil chemotherapy. Methods and analysis This will be a randomised controlled, double‐blind, double‐centre clinical trial (Centro Asistencial del Sindicato Médico del Uruguay and Instituto Nacional del Cáncer from Uruguay). The sample population (40 individuals) will be divided into two groups: group 1 will receive moisturising cream plus PBM treatment and group 2 moisturising cream plus PBM sham treatment, at the ratio of 1:1. PBM will be performed at 630 nm two times per week in palmoplantar areas of the hands and feet (4 J/cm2), for 4 weeks. The PPE degree and the data referring to the chemotherapy treatment plan will be measured, prior to the start of treatment in the middle and at the end of it. Quality of life questionnaires will be applied at the beginning of the trial and at the end of treatment. The data will be analysed based on the intention‐to‐treat analysis and α<0.05 will be considered statistically significant. Ethics and dissemination The protocol was approved by the Research Ethics Committee of Universidad Católica del Uruguay (220316b), of Centro Asistencial del Sindicato Médico del Uruguay (221989) and of Instituto Nacional del Cáncer (2023‐04). The recruitment has already started (March 2023). Protocol version: V.2, 27 October 2023. Trial registration number ClinicalTrials.gov Registry (NCT05337423).
Exploring the Effectiveness of Ajwain Cream in Treating Taxane-induced Peripheral Neuropathy in Cancer Patients: a Pilot, Randomised and Double-blind Clinical Trial$$$ OBJECTIVES: Chemotherapy‐induced peripheral neuropathy is a common disorder among cancer patients receiving various chemotherapeutic protocols. The present study aimed to explore the feasibility of ajwain (Trachyspermum ammi [L.] Sprague) cream in treating peripheral neuropathy symptoms triggered by taxane chemotherapeutic agents. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This was a pilot, double‐blind, and randomised clinical trial on patients with peripheral neuropathy attributable to chemotherapy with taxane drugs during 2021‐2022 in Tehran. Patients received ajwain or placebo cream for four weeks and filled out the chemotherapy‐induced peripheral neuropathy assessment tool (CIPNAT) at the start and end finale of the trial. Side effects were also noted. RESULTS: Thirty patients suffering from breast, lung, gastro‐intestinal, or prostate cancer were allocated to each of the drug and placebo groups. The mean difference in CIPNAT score between the groups was 0.83, demonstrating the statistical ineffectiveness of the drug compared with the placebo (P = 0.372). The safety profile showed promising outcomes at the end of the trial. CONCLUSION: Although the effectiveness of ajwain cream was unacceptable in treating chemotherapy‐induced peripheral neuropathy symptoms, multicentre controlled trials with ample sample size are mandatory for an all‐inclusive inference.
Percutaneous absorption of aromatic amines in rubber industry workers: impact of impaired skin and skin barrier creams$$$ BACKGROUND: Several aromatic amines (AA) could cause bladder cancer and are an occupational hygiene problem in the workplace. However, little is known about the percutaneous absorption of chemicals via impaired skin and about the efficacy of skin protection measures to reduce internal exposure. AIMS: To determine the impact of skin status and of skin protection measures on the internal exposure to AA in workers manufacturing rubber products. METHODS: 51 workers occupationally exposed to aniline and o‐toluidine were examined. The workplace conditions, risk factors for skin and the use of personal protective equipment were assessed by means of a self‐administered questionnaire. The skin of hands and forearms was clinically examined. Exposure to aniline and o‐toluidine was assessed by ambient air and biological monitoring (analyses of urine samples and of haemoglobin adducts). RESULTS: Haemoglobin‐AA‐adduct levels in workers with erythema (73%) were significantly higher (p<0.04) than in workers with healthy skin (mean values: aniline 1150.4 ng/l vs 951.7 ng/l, o‐toluidine 417.9 ng/l vs 118.3 ng/l). The multiple linear regression analysis showed that wearing gloves significantly reduced the internal exposure. A frequent use of skin barrier creams leads to a higher internal exposure of AA (p<0.03). However, the use of skincare creams at the workplace was associated with a reduced internal exposure (p<0.03). From these findings we assume that internal exposure of the workers resulted primarily from the percutaneous uptake. CONCLUSIONS: The study demonstrates a significantly higher internal exposure to AA in workers with impaired skin compared with workers with healthy skin. Daily wearing of gloves efficiently reduced internal exposure. However, an increased use of skin barrier creams enhances the percutaneous uptake of AA. Skincare creams seem to support skin regeneration and lead to reduced percutaneous uptake
Topical ROR inverse agonist GSK2981278 in a psoriasis plaque test$$$ Psoriasis plaque test is a model that allows intra‐individual comparison of multiple topical drugs and formulations, useful early in the development of topical psoriasis agents. GSK2981278 is a retinoic acid receptor‐related orphan receptor gamma inverse agonist preclinically shown to inhibit the production of Th17 cytokines implicated in the pathogenesis of psoriasis. The safety, tolerability and preliminary clinical effect of GSK2981278 were evaluated in a psoriasis plaque test. In this first‐in‐human, single‐center, randomized, vehicle‐ and positive‐controlled, subject‐ and evaluator‐blind trial, 15 psoriasis patients were enrolled (Study 201465). All subjects received 6 study treatments (0%, 0.03%, 0.1%, 0.8%, and 4% GSK2981278 ointment and betamethasone valerate 0.1% cream [positive control]) each applied to one of 6 randomly assigned small test fields on stable plaque(s) once daily over 19 days. The change in inflammatory infiltrate thickness measured by sonography was the primary endpoint. Four 3 mm punch biopsies (from non‐lesional skin, untreated lesion, vehicletreated lesion, and 4%‐treated lesion) were collected at the end of the study in 13 consenting subjects for gene expression analysis on Th17 related cytokines. There were no safety or tolerability findings. While the positive control showed the expected reduction in infiltrate thickness, there was no reduction in infiltrate thickness with any strength of GSK2981278. No meaningful changes in IL‐17 related biomarkers or psoriasis disease signature were detected. These results may be explained by several factors: GSK2981278 did not penetrate the skin and reach the target cells in the dermis$$$ higher concentrations and/or longer treatment period were needed to induce clinical effects$$$ this target requires a blockade of activity over the entire plaque rather than that in a small test field or systemic blockade to induce clinical effects. Further investigation is planned.
Mepitel Film vs standard treatments for the prevention and cure of skin toxicity in postoperative treatment of breast cancer: a phase III study$$$ Aims: Verify the clinical efficacy, the patients satisfaction and the costs of a dressing (Mepitel Film) in prevent or reducing the radiation‐induced skin reaction (acute and chronic) in breast cancer patients. Methods: We defined a randomized controlled trial (phase III) to compare two different type of dressing: • group 1: use of acqueous creams as defined in SASRO guidelines$$$ • group 2: use of Mepitel Film from the first session of Radiotherapy to at least 1 week after the end of treatment. Primary endpoint: • Clinical ‐ Incidence of moist desquamation (G2) in the two groups. Secondary endpoints: • Humanistic ‐ Patient satisfaction scores collected during and after the end of treatment by Visual Analogue Score (VAS) for pain and final questionnaire. • Economic ‐ average total cost of the two treatments (in Swiss Francs). According to the study of Herst et al. (2014), we expect a proportion of moist desquamation in nearly 20 % of patients in the control group vs nearly 5 % in the treatment group (Mepitel Film). Therefore a biostatistician calculated the sample size (82 patients in each groups). Eligible and consenting women are randomly assigned to one of two groups. Acute skin reactions are weekly evaluated during the treatment up to nearly one month. Late skin toxicity will be assessed 6 and 12 months after the end of radiotherapy. Radiation toxicity was graded according the RT OG criteria and documented with photos. Results: The patients accrual has been started on February 2016. We have already randomized 10 patients. The protocol adherence of these early patients was good and we haven't found peculiar problems in their management. Conclusions: This project, shared by nurses and doctors, is an example of evidence‐based practice and use of research for improving the quality of life for patients. Currently, no conclusion can be drawn because the trial is still ongoing.
A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial evaluating Dermytol® cream for the treatment of actinic keratoses$$$ Purpose: Actinic keratosis lesions (AKs) have the potential to develop into squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) and thus therapies to prevent SCC development from AKs are warranted. The aim of this study was to assess the effects of a 3 month application of a canola phenolic acid‐based cream (CPA) on AK lesions. Patients and methods: This was a randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, 12 week clinical study conducted at a single‐center in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. Forty‐five subjects (30 CPA and 15 placebo), aged 45‐85 years with 3‐10 AKs within a 20 cm2 treatment area (scalp, forehead, dorsal forearm, neck, or back of hand) were enrolled. The primary outcome was complete or partial lesion clearance and the secondary outcome was safety of CPA. Results: Although complete AK lesion clearance was not seen in this study, a significant reduction in the mean change from baseline in the average lesion area was observed at weeks 3 (P=0.002), 6 (P<0.001), and 12 (P<0.001) in the CPA group, but only at weeks 6 and 12 in the placebo group (P=0.005 and P=0.002, respectively). Furthermore, the proportion of participants with a ≥10% decrease in average lesion area was significantly higher in the CPA group than the placebo group at weeks 3 (P=0.05) and 6 (P=0.02), and showed a trend at week 12 (P=0.06). A subset analysis of the change in average lesion area based upon the total lesion area at baseline revealed that CPA elicited a greater reduction than placebo (2×) in participants with a baseline total AK lesion area of 100‐500 mm2 than in participants with a total area,100 mm2 (1.3×). Conclusion: The results of this study and previous in vitro studies suggest a potential role for CPA in the treatment of AK lesions and the prevention of SCC development. © 2014 Evans et al.
Parents' knowledge, attitudes and behaviors regarding sun protection in children: a survey$$$ Introduction: Childhood is a critical period for sun protection, because the skin is more susceptible to the carcinogenic effects of sun exposure. Children are dependent upon parents to implement sun protective measures. Objective: The aim of the study was to explore parents' knowledge and understanding of sun protection behaviours in both themselves and their children. Meterials and Methods: A cross‐sectional study was carried out between March 2017‐ March 2018. A total of 700 randomly selected participants who applied to dermatology outpatient clinic and had or caregiving children younger than 10 years, included. Questionnaires about sun protection were applied to the participants, and “Knowledge” was assessed by the number of correct (true/ false) answers to 10 questions, “Behaviour” was assessed by recording the frequency of measures adopted by parents themselves and to children on a five‐point scale ranging from “never” to “always”. Results: The mean age was 5,2±3,0 years for children and 35,1±5,6 years for parents. of the total 700 participants 616 were mother(88%), 84 were father (11.7%) and 2 were caregivers(0,3). One hundred and nine(15%) said they had been at least one sunburnt last year. One hundred and seventysix participants(25%) stated they had never used sunscreens to their children. Staying in the shade and using hats was cited as the preferred method. Women(16,2% ) were found to use regularly twice as many sunscreen creams as men(8,5%). The questions which were answered correctly most often:“Children who has fair skin are more susceptible to sun related skin cancer.” which 83% of parents knew to be true. Given those of higher education level had adopted healthier sun protective behaviours(p<0,05). Conclusions: The results of this study revealed that parents' sun protection behaviours in children is not adequate. Our study indicates key challenges which could be targeted in future campaigns in order to improve sun protection in children.
Daylight photodynamic therapy with methyl aminolevulinate cream versus diclofenac plus hyaluronic acid gel for the treatment of multiple actinic keratoses: an indirect comparison$$$ Introduction: Actinic keratosis (AK) is a pre‐cancerous condition characterised by patches of thick, scaly or crusty skin developing on sun‐exposed areas of the body. Commonly used treatments for multiple AKs on severely photodamaged skin include photodynamic therapy (PDT) and diclofenac plus hyaluronic acid gel (DHA). Methyl aminolevulinate daylight PDT (MAL DL‐PDT) is an alternative to conventional PDT (MAL c‐PDT), with similar efficacy and reduced treatment‐related pain and dermatological side effects. The objective of this analysis was to indirectly compare MAL DL‐PDT to DHA. Materials and methods: Using the Bucher approach, a systematic literature review was conducted to identify randomised controlled trials assessing at least two interventions of interest (i.e. MAL DL‐PDT or MAL c‐PDT and DHA) for the treatment of AK where the lesion response rate by severity was available. An adjusted indirect comparison was conducted on complete lesion response rate at 12 weeks. Results: The electronic searches identified 282 relevant publications, while fifty‐two abstracts or citations were identified from hand searches. Of those, a total of three randomised trials were selected for the indirect comparison. Results indicated that mild lesions, moderate lesions and mild & moderate lesions treated with MAL DL‐PDT were more than four times more likely to have a complete response than lesions treated with DHA. These results were all statistically significant. Conclusion: This indirect comparison showed that MAL DL‐PDT was significantly more effective than DHA at week 12 in the treatment of AK on mild and moderate lesions.
Conventional PDT versus fractional CO2 laserassisted-PDT with short incubation time in skin cancer prevention: a randomized intraindividual comparison study with 12-month follow-up$$$ The conventional way of photodynamic therapy (PDT) delivery in dermatologic conditions involves the application of the photosensitizer, which is usually methyl aminolevulinate (MAL) cream, and the illumination with light of appropriate wavelength after an incubation period of 3 hours. Previous studies have demonstrated the efficacy of conventional PDT in the management of field changes as well as in the prevention of occurrence of new non melanocytic skin cancers (NMSCs). The pretreatment of the skin with ablative fractional CO2 laser (AFXL) prior to MAL‐PDT enhances drug penetration and could decrease incubation period and reduce treatment related downtime. Objectives: To compare the safety and efficacy of conventional MAL‐PDT with that of AFXL assisted PDT with reduced incubation period in the prevention of new (NMSCs) in patients with field cancerization. Methods: Patients with face or scalp cancerization were randomized to receive field treatment with conventional MAL‐PDT on one side and AFXL‐assisted PDT on the contralateral one. In the conventional PDT field, MAL was applied under occlusion for 3hours. The contralateral field received treatment with fractional CO2 laser that was immediately followed by MAL application left under occlusion for one hour. All patients underwent one treatment session. Irradiation was performed by a red light‐emitting diode lamp at 37 J/cm2. Follow‐up visits were scheduled for months 3, 6, 9 and 12. The primary endpoint of the study was the number of new NMSCs on treated areas over a 12‐month follow‐up period. Secondary endpoints included adverse events and cosmetic outcome. Results: Forty‐two patients completed the study. With respect to the primary endpoint there was no statistically significant difference concerning the occurrence of new NMSCs at any time point of follow‐up. No statistically significant difference was recorded regarding the mean time to occurrence of new lesions. Both treatment regimens were safe and well tolerated. Conclusion: Pretreatment with AFXL may be considered as an option for reducing the occlusion time of photosensitizer and the treatment related downtime providing the same preventive efficacy as conventional PDT in patients with field cancerized skin.
Efficacy of cryosurgery and 5-fluorouracil cream 0.5% combination therapy for the treatment of actinic keratosis$$$ Actinic keratoses (AKs) are on a continuum of progression to squamous cell carcinoma (SCC). The most common AK treatment modalities are lesion‐directed cryosurgery and field‐directed therapy with 5‐fluorouracil (5‐FU)$$$ however, side effects can affect patient compliance. This study was performed to determine the efficacy and perceived side effects of combination treatment with cryosurgery and a shortened course of 5‐FU cream 0.5% for AK lesions. Sixty participants with AK lesions underwent cryosurgery and were then randomized to apply 5‐FU cream 0.5% or comparator cream once daily to the study area for 1 week. Participants were evaluated at weeks 3, 4, 8, and 26. After 8 weeks, treatment with cryosurgery and 5‐FU cream 0.5% was more likely to result in complete clearance versus cryosurgery alone$$$ however, no statistical difference was found in the complete clearance of AK lesions in the treatment group compared to cryosurgery alone at 26 weeks, while side effects in the treatment group were decreased. This study demonstrated the benefit of combination treatment of cryosurgery with 1 week of 5‐FU compared to cryosurgery alone in clearing AK lesions for 2 months. This study shows promise for future studies with larger sample sizes to illustrate increased efficacy and decreased side effects with combination treatment of AKs with cryosurgery and 5‐FU.
A trial-based cost-effectiveness analysis of topical 5-fluorouracil vs. imiquimod vs. ingenol mebutate vs. methyl aminolaevulinate conventional photodynamic therapy for the treatment of actinic keratosis in the head and neck area performed in the Netherlands$$$ BACKGROUND: Actinic keratosis (AK) is a common premalignant skin condition that might have the ability to progress into squamous cell carcinoma. Due to the high incidence of AK, treatment of this disease significantly impacts healthcare spending. OBJECTIVES: To determine which commonly prescribed field‐directed treatment is the most cost‐effective, when comparing 5‐fluorouracil (5‐FU) 5%, imiquimod (IMQ) 5%, ingenol mebutate (IM) 0·015% and methyl aminolaevulinate photodynamic therapy (MAL‐PDT) for AK in the head and neck region. METHODS: We performed an economic evaluation from a healthcare perspective. Data were collected alongside a single‐blinded, prospective, multicentre randomized controlled trial with 624 participants in the Netherlands. The outcome measure was expressed as the incremental cost‐effectiveness ratio, which is the incremental costs per additional patient with ≥ 75% lesion reduction compared with baseline. This trial was registered at ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT02281682. RESULTS: The trial showed that 5‐FU was the most effective field treatment for AK in the head and neck region. Twelve months post‐treatment, the total mean costs for 5‐FU were significantly lower (€433) than the €728, €775 and €1621 for IMQ, IM and MAL‐PDT, respectively. The results showed that 5‐FU was a dominant cost‐effective treatment (more effective and less expensive) compared with the other treatments, 12 months post‐treatment. CONCLUSIONS: Based on these results, we consider 5‐FU 5% cream as the first‐choice treatment option for multiple AKs in the head and neck area. What's already known about this topic? Due to the increasing incidence of actinic keratosis (AK), the recommended treatment results in a considerable socioeconomic burden for (dermatological) healthcare. Although cost‐effectiveness modelling studies have been performed in which different treatments for AK were compared, a prospective clinical trial comparing four frequently prescribed treatments on effectiveness and resource consumption within a time horizon of 12 months has never been conducted. What does this study add? This is the first study examining the cost‐effectiveness of 5‐fluorouracil 5% cream, imiquimod 5% cream, ingenol mebutate 0·015% gel and methyl aminolaevulinate photodynamic therapy, with data collected in a randomized controlled trial over a time horizon of 12 months. We found that 5‐fluorouracil was a dominant cost‐effective treatment (more effective and less costly), based on data from the Netherlands. Linked Comment: Steeb et al. Br J Dermatol 2020$$$ 183:612.
Management of refractory skin lupus$$$ Management of refractory skin lesions in patients with lupus erythematosus involves combinations of local measures and systemic agents requiring adjustment to activity and development of the disease. The treatment options are fairly similar for the different cutaneous manifestations$$$ however, no drugs have been licensed specifically for the treatment of skin lesions in this disease. Therefore, the aim of the European guideline was to achieve a broad consensus on treatment strategies for patients with cutaneous lupus erythematosus (CLE) by a European subcommittee, guided by the European Dermatology Forum (EDF) and supported by the European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology (EADV). Standard treatment of CLE includes preventive measures such as smoking cessation and photoprotection. Ultraviolet (UV) A and B light is one of the most important risk factors for CLE, clearly documented by photoprovocation studies in large patient cohorts. In the past years, several trials have been performed to investigate the preventive effect of sunscreens in patients with UV‐induced CLE. A randomised controlled trial demonstrated that the application of a broadspectrum sunscreen with a high protection factor prevents UVinduced skin lesions under standardised conditions. First‐line treatment options in CLE include topical corticosteroids or calcineurin inhibitors. Currently available topical calcineurin inhibitors (0.03% and 0.1% tacrolimus ointment, 1% pimecrolimus cream) have been licensed for the use in patients with atopic dermatitis. The major advantage of these agents is their better safety profile when compared to topical corticosteroids. A multicentre, randomised, double‐blind, vehicle‐controlled trial showed significant improvement for oedema and erythema of CLE lesions using 0.1% tacrolimus ointment compared to the vehicle. In patients with disfiguring and widespread disease, systemic agents need to be applied. The first‐line systemic treatment is antimalarials, such as hydroxychloroquine, chloroquine or quinacrine, which are particularly recommended in patients with a high risk of scarring and/or the development of systemic disease. In addition, systemic corticosteroids are recommended as first‐line treatment in highly active and/or severe CLE. Second‐ and third‐line systemic treatments include methotrexate, retinoids, dapsone and mycophenolate mofetil or mycophenolate acid, respectively. Thalidomide should only be used in selected therapy‐refractory CLE patients, preferably in addition to antimalarials. Several new therapeutic options, such as B‐cell‐ or interferon alpha‐targeted agents, need to be further evaluated in clinical trials to assess their efficacy and safety in the treatment of patients with CLE. In 2011, the monoclonal antibody belimumab, a B lymphocyte stimulator‐specific inhibitor, was introduced for SLE as an adjunct therapy for patients with autoantibody‐positive disease who despite standard therapy show high disease activity, intolerance of other treatments, or an unacceptably high need for corticosteroids. Currently, a validated skin score is used to confirm the efficacy of belimumab on mucocutaneous manifestations. In summary, there is a high unmet need for new therapeutic strategies, such as B‐cell‐ or interferon‐targeted agents, focusing on cutaneous manifestations in lupus erythematosus. Therefore, innovative designs of randomised controlled trials are warranted to develop new therapeutic options for patients with refractory skin manifestations in this disease. Case 1: 40‐year‐old man with SLE and painful erythemato‐violaceous lesions Marzia Caproni A 40‐year‐old man was diagnosed with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) in 2013 based on photosensitivity, Raynaud's phenomenon, positive direct Coombs test, ANA, antidsDNA, Sm, Ro, La, RNP antibodies and low complement, followed by malar rash and discoid lesions on the ears. He started hydroxychloroquine (HCQ) 400 mg/day, nicotinamide 500 mg/day, topical corticosteroids and calcineurin inhibitors with benefit, followed by reactivation of malar rash, worsening of immunological parameters, proteinuria and lupus nephritis two years later. Prednisone 25 mg/day and mycophenolate mofetil (MMF) 640 mg/day were added with good clinical and laboratory control. In March 2018 he was hospitalised because of suspected macrophage activation syndrome triggered by cytomegalovirus and MMF was withdrawn. As lupus reactivated, in May 2018 he restarted MMF 320 mg/day with prednisone 25 mg/day and HCQ 200 mg/ day. In August 2018, rituximab was administered because of the development of sensory neuropathy with no improvement, thus he underwent intravenous immune globulin treatment with control. In 2020, he developed painful erythemato‐violaceous lesions associated with small bullae and ulcers on the distal phalanges of the fingers and toes and of the tip of the nose. Skin lesions were consistent with chilblain lupus. Topical corticosteroid was added. Systemic treatments were replaced by belimumab. Discussion Points • Specific and non‐specific skin manifestations during SLE course • Cutaneous lupus erythematosus (CLE) guidelines • Chilblain lupus: differential diagnosis at the time of Covid‐19 Case 2: 35‐year‐old female with SLE and erythemato‐desquamative plaques Marzia Caproni A 35‐year‐old female was diagnosed with SLE in 2013 on the basis of discoid lesions of the face and head, photosensitivity, ANA positivity, lymphadenopathy, hypocomplementemia, leukopenia, low‐grade fever and diffuse arthralgias. Comorbidities included Hashimoto's thyroiditis and fybromyalgia under L‐tyroxine, baclofen and escitalopram treatment. She started HCQ 400 mg/day and prednisone 25 mg/day, tapering to 5 mg/day with initial control. After 2 years of treatment arthralgias worsened as well as skin lesions and laboratory findings. On examination, atrophic painful plaque of the scalp and erythemato‐desquamative plaques on the face were revealed. Topical and IV corticosteroids were added without improvement. Patient also underwent methotrexate, cyclosporine, mycophenolate, rituximab and azathioprine treatment without improvement. We introduced mepacrine 100 mg/day with skin lesion improvement. Due to the difficulty in finding the drug, the patient stopped the treatment with reactivation of the skin manifestations and systemic involvement. We started belimumab 660 mg IV with HCQ 400 mg/day, prednisone 5 mg/day, azathioprine 50 mg/day and duloxetine 60 mg/day with control. Discussion Points • Discoid lupus erythematosus: clinical and histopathological findings • CLE guidelines: topical treatments of discoid lupus erythematosus • CLE guidelines: mepacrine in recalcitrant cutaneous lupus erythematosus • Belimumab and skin lesions in SLE.
Effect of Topical Fluorouracil Cream on Photodamage: secondary Analysis of a Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Importance: Photoaging, which is premature skin aging caused by long‐term UV exposure, is of aesthetic concern to many patients. Objective: To investigate the effect of topical fluorouracil, 5%, cream on photoaging using validated photonumeric scales. Design, Setting, and Participants: The Veterans Affairs Keratinocyte Carcinoma Chemoprevention Trial was a randomized clinical trial of 932 US veterans with a recent history of 2 or more keratinocyte carcinomas performed from September 30, 2011, through June 30, 2014, to assess the chemopreventive effects of a standard course of topical fluorouracil. Photographs were taken at baseline and at numerous time points for up to 4 years. In our secondary analysis, 2 independent dermatologists graded these photographs using 4 validated photonumeric scales. A total of 3042 photographs from 281 participants randomized to apply topical fluorouracil or placebo were evaluated at baseline, 6 months, 12 months, and 18 months using 4 photonumeric scales (Griffiths scale, Allergan forehead lines scale, melomental folds scale, and crow's feet scale). Data analysis was performed from November 1, 2016, to January 1, 2017. Interventions: Participants were randomized to apply topical fluorouracil, 5%, cream or a vehicle control cream to the face and ears twice daily for 2 to 4 weeks for a total of 28 to 56 doses. Main Outcomes and Measures: Effect of a standard course of fluorouracil on the extent of photodamage as measured using 4 photonumeric scales. Results: The study population was predominantly male (274 [97.5%]) and white (281 [100%]), with a mean (SD) age of 71.5 (0.57) years. No statistically significant changes were found in photodamage between baseline and 6 months (Griffiths scale: χ2 = 0.01, P = .93$$$ Allergan forehead lines scale: χ2 = 0.18, P = .67$$$ melomental fold scale: χ2 = 0.03, P = .87$$$ crow's feet scale: χ2 = 2.41, P = .12), 12 months (Griffiths scale: χ2 = 1.39, P = .24$$$ Allergan forehead lines scale: χ2 = 0.64, P = .43$$$ melomental fold scale: χ2 = 0.12, P = .73$$$ crow's feet scale: χ2 = 1.07, P = .30), and 18 months (Griffiths scale: χ2 = 3.11, P = .08$$$ Allergan forehead lines scale: χ2 = 0.89, P = .34$$$ melomental fold scale: χ2 = 1.64, P = .20$$$ crow's feet scale: χ2 = 0.46, P = .50). Conclusions and Relevance: This study did not demonstrate improvement in photoaging with a standard course of topical fluorouracil, 5%, cream, a finding that may be attributable to a true lack of effect in photodamage or limitations of the photonumeric scales in capturing the effect. The development of photonumeric scales that include manifestations of photoaging other than rhytids, such as lentigines, hyperpigmentation, and telangiectasias, should be considered. Trial Registration: clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT00847912.
Gel of chamomile vs. urea cream to prevent acute radiation dermatitis in patients with head and neck cancer: a randomized controlled trial$$$ AimTo compare a gel made with chamomile (Chamomilla recutita) with a cream of urea as an intervention to delay the time to occurrence of radiation dermatitis. BackgroundRadiation dermatitis is one of the most common adverse effects of radiotherapy in patients with head and neck cancer. It is characterized by erythema, itching, pain, skin breakage and burning sensation, and there is no consensus on how to prevent it. DesignThe study is a randomized controlled clinical trial. MethodsWe will recruit 48 individuals with head and neck cancer who will be starting their radiotherapy and randomize them to receive either gel of chamomile or cream of urea, as an intervention for prevention of radiation dermatitis. Social‐demographic data will be collected at baseline, and clinical data will be collected before the initiation of radiotherapy. Participants will be followed weekly to assess development of radiation dermatitis. The protocol is funded by Conselho Nacional de Pesquisa e Desenvolvimento Cientifico (Brazil). The study was approved by a research ethics committee. DiscussionGiven the clinical relevance of preventing radiation dermatitis and the lack of evidence supporting specific preventive interventions, it is important to study new products that might be efficacious to prevent this complication. This article presents the protocol of a randomized controlled trial comparing a gel made with chamomile (intervention) with a cream of urea (control) to prevent radiation dermatitis in patients with head and neck cancer undergoing radiotherapy.
16P Topical henna cream in prevention of radiation-induced dermatitis in breast cancer: a randomized double-blind clinical trial$$$ Background: Radiotherapy plays an important role in the treatment of cases who had breast conserving surgery. Breast cancer patients who receive radiotherapy develop acute skin complications which are known as radiation dermatitis (RD) during radiotherapy or shortly after it. Radiation dermatitis is one of the most common side effects. It affects approximately 95% of patients. This complication has a profound effect on patients' quality of life due to pain and discomfort and can reduce tolerance to treatment and in some cases discontinuation or delay of radiotherapy. This can effect disease control in the long term. So, prevention and treatment of RD is important for health care providers and it is essential to produce effective health products to prevent and treat this disease. Henna (Lawsonia inermis L.) is a medicinal plant which has antimicrobial, anti‐inflammatory, and skin‐enhancing properties, all of which are useful for people who have radition dermatitis. Also, studies have shown antimicrobial, anti‐inflammatory, analgesic, and wound healing effects of henna. This research aimed to evaluate the efficacy of a topical henna preparation (HP) in preventing and reducing the severity of RD in breast cancer patients. Methods: This was a prospective double‐blind clinical study which contained 43 breast cancer patients aged 18‐75 years who had breast‐conserving surgery and were going to receive radiotherapy. They were randomly allocated into two groups, those who received the topical HP or those who received placebo, twice daily for six weeks, from the first day of treatment. Grade of dermatitis was evaluated weekly based on RTOG grading system. Results: The present study showed that HP could reduce the severity of RD. The use of HP delayed the onset of grade 2 RD for two weeks, also, it delayed the onset of grade 3 RD for one week compared to the placebo group. At the end of the sixth week, in the patients who received the HP, the grade 2 RD (20% vs. 56.52%) as well as grade 3 RD (10% vs. 26.09%) significantly decreased (p=0.004). Conclusions: Topical henna cream is an inexpensive and accessible herbal medicine that can be effective in preventing and reducing the severity of RD in patients with breast cancer. Clinical trial identification: IRCT2019110704537N1. Legal entity responsible for the study: The authors. Funding: Has not received any funding. Disclosure: All authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
Preliminary Results of anthocyanin supplementation in breast cancer RT: impact on skin side effects$$$ Purpose or Objective: The role of anthocyanins has been studied in the prevention of radiotherapy (RT) side effects. In a prospective randomized study (Athena Project‐FP7 European Union), we verified the impact of anthocyanin supplementation on acute and medium‐term skin side effects of RT in breast cancer (BC) patients. Material and Methods: A double‐blind randomized clinical trial with 2 parallel arms (A and B) was designed. BC patients were randomized to assume a preparation containing 125 mg anthocyanins (3 times a day) versus placebo. Supplementation started 1 week before and lasted till the end of RT. One group of patients (MARA3) received 44 Gy simultaneous integrated boost (SIB) over 16 fractions in 3 weeks by an hybrid IMRT class solution$$$ the other group (MARA4) received 60 Gy SIB over 25 fractions in 5 weeks. Patients used a moisturizing cream (® Atonderma) during RT. Clinical evaluation was performed at the end of treatment and skin toxicity was graded according to RTOG score. Moreover, skin parameters, as elasticity (R0, R2 and R5 values), erythema (Mexa_Er) and pigmentation (Mexa_M), were measured in predefined areas of the irradiated breast and in the contra‐lateral one through a specific device (Cutometer® dual MPA 580), before (T0), at the end (T1) and 1, 6 and 12 months after RT. Results: 242 patients were eligible and 195 were randomized to groups A and B (Figure 1). Both clinical and cutometer evaluations failed to show differences in terms of skin toxicity (elasticity, erythema and pigmentation) between groups A and B. The elasticity parameters R0 (p=0.54) and R2 (p=0.27) similarly decreased from T0 in both arms, while Mexa_M (P=0.74) and Mexa_Er (P=0.25) similarly increased in both groups, suggesting no protective effect of anthocyanin supplementation. Neither RT protocol seemed to differently affect elasticity parameters. However, the increase in Mexa_M and Mexa_Er was greater in MARA4 (5 week RT) than in MARA3 (3 week RT) (p=0.0027 and p=0.0087, respectively). Comparing irradiated and contra‐lateral breast no differences were observed for R0 (p=0.48) and Mexa_M (p=0.14) variations from T0 to T1 in groups A and B. On the contrary, decrease of R2 and increase of Mexa_Er were observed only in irradiated but not in contra‐lateral breast (p<0.0001). Clinical toxicity RTOG data did not correlate with variations in parameters recorded by cutometer. [Figure Presented] Conclusion: Preliminary data failed to demonstrate that an anthocyanin supplementation can effectively protect BC patients from skin side effects of two different RT regimens.
A Randomized Single Blinded Phase II Trial Comparing Efficacy and Quality of Life of Topical Aloe Vera Gel plus Urea Cream versus Urea Cream Alone for Prevention of Hand Foot Syndrome in Cancer Patients Receiving Capecitabine$$$ INTERVENTION: Active Comparator Drug,Active Comparator Drug Add aloe vera gel in combination with 10% urea cream applied per hands and feet,10% urea cream applied per hands and feet as standard of care aloe vera gel in combination with 10% urea cream ,10% urea cream CONDITION: Hand Foot Syndrome, Aloe vera, Capecitabine, DLQI The efficacy of aloe‐vera gel with 10% urea cream on HFS compared with 10% urea‐cream alone as the primary end point. $$$ Hand Foot Syndrome, Aloe vera, Capecitabine, DLQI PRIMARY OUTCOME: Efficacy At least 3 weeks of first dose capecitabine CTCAE grade SECONDARY OUTCOME: Quality of life At least 3 weeks of first dose capecitabine Edit Remove DLQI score INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. patients at least 18 years of age. 2. patients diagnosed with cancers whose treatment need to be with capecitabine, either single capecitabine or with combination. 3. patients had never received capecitabine before randomization. 4. patients voluntarily not using other products except for 10% urea cream and/or aloe vera gel for hand and feet.
Topical treatment of actinic keratosis with fluorouracil: is irritation associated with efficacy?$$$ Actinic keratoses (AKs) are common dysplastic epidermal lesions that share clinical, histologic, and molecular features with squamous cell carcinoma. Therapeutic options include destructive modalities (i.e., cryosurgery, curettage) or topical fluorouracil treatment. The efficacy of topical fluorouracil for the treatment of widespread AK lesions has been demonstrated in multiple studies, but treatment is often associated with significant skin irritation. Various approaches to decrease irritation while maintaining efficacy have been attempted, including altered treatment regimens, combination therapies, and variations in vehicle formulations. Recently, a novel topical fluorouracil cream that contains 0.5% 5‐fluorouracil in a microsphere vehicle has been approved for the treatment of AK. Data demonstrate that this low‐dose formulation is effective in reducing AK lesions while maintaining a tolerable irritation profile.
Effect of oral administration of acetaminophen and topical application of emla on pain during transrectal ultrasound- guided prostate biopsy$$$ Purpose: Transrectal ultrasound‐guided prostate biopsy is the procedure of choice for diagnosing prostate cancer. We compared with pain‐relieving effect of acetaminophen, a known drug for enhancing the pain‐relieving effect of tramadol, and eutectic mixture of local anesthetics (EMLA), a local anesthetic agent, with that of the conventional periprostatic nerve block method. Materials and Methods: This was a prospective, randomized, single‐blinded study. A total of 430 patients were randomly assigned to three groups. Group 1 received a periprostatic nerve block with 1% lidocaine, group 2 received acetaminophen 650 mg, and group 3 received EMLA cream for pain control. All patients were given 50 mg of tramadol intravenously 30 minutes before the procedure. At 3 hours after completion of the procedure, the patients were asked to grade their pain on a horizontal visual analogue scale (VAS). The patients were also asked whether they were willing to undergo future biopsy if required. Results: There were no significant differences between the three groups in terms of age, prostate‐specific antigen, prostate size, or numbers of biopsy cores. The pain scores for groups 2 and group 3, which were 3.47±1.92 and 3.50±1.36, respectively, were similar and were significantly lower than that of group 1, which was 5.24±2.07. Conclusions: Acetaminophen and EMLA cream with intravenous injection of tramadol are safe, easy, and effective methods of controlling pain during the procedure. These methods were more effective for pain relief than was the conventional periprostatic nerve block method. © The Korean Urological Association, 2011.
Dermatology$$$ Dermatological therapy has been marked in 2001 by the arrival of topical and systemic immunomodulators: 1) tacrolimus (Protopic®) and pimecrolimus (Elidel®) are macrolides that share the same mechanism of action as cyclosporin: inhibition of calcineurine leading to a decrease of cytokine production. The main indications of their topical application are the inflammatory diseases of the skin and more particularly atopic dermatitis. Contrary to dermocorticoids, they do not induce cutaneous atrophy$$$ 2) the cream imiquimod 5% (Aldara®) stimulates the Th1 immune response that is necessary to the defense of cells transformed by viruses or carcinogens. The official indications of imiquimod are condyloma acuminatum, but its use could be broadened to actinic keratosis and to basal cell carcinomas among others things$$$ 3) T lymphocytes play a major role in the pathogenesis of psoriasis. Inhibition of the activation of T lymphocytes (alefacept, Amevive®) or the cytokines liberated by the former, e.g. TNF‐α (infliximab, Remicade®$$$ etanercept, Enbrel®) allows to obtain a certain antipsoriastic efficacy of which the practical interest remains to be defined.
TREATMENT of ANAL HIGH-GRADE SQUAMOUS INTRAEPITHELIAL LESIONS to PREVENT ANAL CANCER$$$ Background: The incidence of anal cancer is substantially higher among people living with HIV (PLWH) than the general population. Similar to cervical cancer, anal cancer is preceded by high‐grade squamous intraepithelial lesions (HSIL). Treatment of cervical HSIL reduces cervical cancer incidence$$$ however, there are no prospective studies of screening for and treatment of anal HSIL to prevent anal cancer. Methods: Randomized controlled trial of anal HSIL treatment to reduce anal cancer incidence compared with active monitoring (AM). PLWH ≥35‐years‐old were screened for anal HSIL using high‐resolution anoscopy (HRA). Eligible PLWH with biopsy‐proven anal HSIL were randomized 1:1 to AM without treatment or HSIL treatment using modality‐specific algorithms with repeated treatment for recurrent or persistent HSIL until HSIL was completely resolved. All participants underwent HRA at least every six months with biopsies for suspected ongoing HSIL in the treatment arm, annually in the AM arm, or any time in either arm if there was concern for cancer. The primary endpoint was time‐to‐incident anal cancer. Sample size estimates required 31 cancer cases for the primary analysis. Results: 10,723 PLWH were screened at 25 US sites. 2,237 PLWH were randomized to the treatment arm and 2,222 to the AM arm. 4,446 (99.7%) were included in the time‐to‐incident cancer analysis. There were no differences between arms in gender identity, race/ethnicity, CD4 count or HIV viral load at randomization (Table). Most participants were treated with office‐based electrocautery (92.7%). 8.2% had topical 5‐fuorouracil cream or imiquimod. 9 anal cancer cases were diagnosed in the treatment arm and 21 in the AM arm. With a median follow‐up of 25.8 months, the observed cancer incidence in the treatment arm was 173/100,000 PY of follow‐up, compared with 402/100,000 PY in the AM arm, a 57% reduction in anal cancer (95%CI 6%‐80%, P=.029 by log‐rank test). There were 7 study‐related serious adverse events (3 pain, 3 abscess, 1 ulceration) in the treatment arm and 1 soft tissue infection in the AM arm. Conclusion: Treatment of HSIL, primarily with office‐based electrocautery led to a significant reduction in anal cancer incidence. Treatment was well‐tolerated. Anal cancer incidence was higher than expected in the AM arm. These data support inclusion of screening and treating anal HSIL as standard of care for anal cancer prevention in PLWH ≥35‐years‐old. Our data are also likely relevant for other groups at risk of anal cancer.
Digital ultraviolet therapy: a novel therapeutic approach for the targeted treatment of psoriasis vulgaris$$$ BACKGROUND: 8‐Methoxypsoralen‐UVA (PUVA) and narrowband ultraviolet B (NB‐UVB) are well‐established treatments for chronic plaque‐type psoriasis vulgaris. However, long‐term risks of PUVA therapy include premature skin ageing and squamous cell carcinoma. OBJECTIVES: To develop a device for targeted UV therapy of psoriatic plaques with protection of the healthy adjacent skin to reduce the risk for premature skin ageing and squamous cell carcinoma. METHODS: In total 28 patients with exacerbated psoriasis vulgaris were treated with the digital phototherapy device skintrek(®) [cream PUVA (n = 8), bath PUVA (n = 11) and UVB (n = 9)] or with conventional bath PUVA (n = 9) or NB‐UVB (n = 4). RESULTS: The local Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) score was significantly reduced from a mean of 6·25 at baseline to 2·75 at the end of therapy in the skintrek cream PUVA group, from 6·4 to 3·0 in the skintrek bath PUVA group and from 5·5 to 2·0 in the skintrek UVB group. Treatment with skintrek cream PUVA reduced the mean local PASI by 54%, while skintrek bath PUVA did so by 51% and skintrek UVB by 63%. Targeted skintrek PUVA and skintrek UVB of inflamed psoriatic skin avoided skin pigmentation and were not inferior to conventional bath PUVA and NB‐UVB therapy regimens. CONCLUSIONS: Targeted UV therapy of psoriatic plaques with the digital phototherapy device skintrek is as effective as conventional cream and bath PUVA, as well as NB‐UVB, while simultaneously sparing the healthy adjacent skin. It therefore potentially reduces the carcinogenic risk, reduces premature skin ageing and avoids tanning of healthy surrounding skin.
Evaluating the efficacy and safety of topical sirolimus 0.2% cream as adjuvant therapy with pulsed dye laser for the treatment of port wine stain: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial$$$ Background: Port Wine Stain (PWS) is a congenital capillary malformation. Although multiple treatments are required, the gold standard treatment for PWS is Pulsed Dye Laser (PDL). Given its anti‐angiogenic effects, sirolimus can be considered as an adjuvant to PDL in PWS. Aim: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of topical sirolimus (Rapamycin) 0.2% cream as adjuvant therapy for PDL for PWS. Methods: In this randomized double‐blind placebo‐controlled trial, 15 patients with PWS were enrolled. Each lesion was divided into upper and lower parts, and each part was assigned randomly to receive PDL (4 sessions, 2 months apart) plus sirolimus vs PDL and placebo. The response was evaluated using colorimetry, investigator global assessment (IGA), and patient global assessment (PGA) every two months for eight continuous months. Results: According to the colorimetric analysis, medial and lateral sides of the treatment and placebo parts did not differ significantly (both P‐value >.05). However, according to PGA and IGA, there was a significant difference in favor of sirolimus (P‐values =.041 and.039, respectively). Itching and dryness (86.7%), contact dermatitis (20%) were the most common adverse effects in the sirolimus group, while none of them were observed in placebo. Conclusion: Although the improvement was significant subjectively, topical sirolimus 0.2% as an adjuvant to PDL does not appear to improve PWS erythema using calorimetric assessment.
Effect of ear-acupoint pressing and Ear Apex (HX6,7) bloodletting on haemorheology in chloasma patients with Gan depression pattern$$$ OBJECTIVE: To explore the therapeutical effect of ear‐acupoint pressing combined with Ear Apex (HX6,7) bloodletting on haemorheology in chloasma patients with Gan (Liver) depression pattern. METHODS: A total of 180 chloasma patients were randomly assigned to three groups, 60 cases in each. Patients in the earacupuncture (EA) group were treated with ear‐acupoint pressing combined with Ear Apex (HX6,7) bloodletting$$$ vitamins C and E were put into practice in the Western medicine (WM) group together with 0.025% tretinoin cream for local external application$$$ patients in the placebo group were treated with urea‐cream by external use, while 30 healthy volunteers were in the control group. After a treatment course of 2 months, the changes of haemorheology, injury skin area, colour score and symptom score before and after the treatment were observed. RESULTS: There was no significant difference on whole blood reduced viscosity (high shear, medium shear, and low shear), erythrocyte aggregation index, hematocrit, plasma viscosity among the four groups (F =2.65, P>0.05). Compared with those before treatment, the whole blood viscosity (high shear) and whole blood reduced viscosity (high shear) after treatment in the EA group, the WM group and the placebo group were with no statistical significance (P>0.05). The injury skin area and colour score after treatment were significantly lower than those before treatment in the EA group and the WM group (P<0.05), while there was no significant difference in placebo group (P>0.05). Clinical symptoms of the EA group were obviously improved after the 2‐month treatment, which was significantly different compared with those before treatment (P<0.05), there was significant difference compared with those of WM group and placebo group (P<0.05). CONCLUSION: There was no significant difference on haemorheology index between healthy people and chloasma patients without angionosis, cerebrovascular disease, hematopathy, metabolic disease or any other organic disease. Ear‐acupoint pressing combined with Ear Apex (HX6,7) bloodletting can effectively improve concurrent symptoms, lighten chloasma and lower chloasma area in patients accompanied by Gan depression.
Prophylaxis of radiation dermatitis with a topical cortisone cream$$$ Nineteen cancer patients receiving radiation therapy to the head, neck, chest wall, or abdomen were evaluated in a double‐blind study to determine the effectiveness of 0.2% hydrocortisone valerate vs. placebo in reducing acute radiation dermatitis. Patients applied hydrocortisone valerate to one‐half of the irradiate area and the placebo to the other half beginning two weeks after the initiation of radiotherapy and continuing until three weeks after completion. Left and right sides were scored each week with respect to erythema, dry desquamation, moist desquamation, ulceration, and the duration and intensity of symptoms such as soreness, burning, and itching. No statistically significant difference was found between the 0.2% hydrocortisone valerate and the placebo in the acute skin response or the symptoms of radiation dermatitis. The patients were evaluated three months following radiotherapy for evidence of skin atrophy. There were no differences found between hydrocortisone valerate and the placebo with respect to the late effects of radiation therapy.
Keratin-based topical cream for radiation dermatitis during head and neck radiotherapy: a randomised, open-label pilot study$$$ Introduction: Radiation dermatitis (RD) is a frequent toxicity during radiotherapy (RT) for head and neck cancer (HNC). We report the first use of KeraStat® Cream (KC), a topical, keratin‐based wound dressing, in patients with HNC receiving RT. Methods: This pilot study randomized HNC patients treated with definitive or postoperative RT (≥60 Gy) to KC or standard of care (SOC), applied at least twice daily during and for 1‐month after RT. Outcomes of interest included adherence to the assigned regimen (at least 10 applications per week of treatment), clinician‐ and patient‐reported RD, and skin‐related quality of life. Results: 24 patients were randomized and completed the study. Most patients had stage III‐IV disease and oropharynx cancer. Median RT dose was 68 Gy$$$ the bilateral neck was treated in 19 patients, and 18 patients received concurrent chemotherapy. Complete adherence was observed in 7/12 (SOC) vs. 10/12 (KC, p = 0.65). Adherence by patient‐week was 61/68 versus 64/67, respectively (p = 0.20). No differences in RD were observed between groups. Conclusion: A randomized trial of KC versus SOC in HNC patients treated with RT is feasible with good adherence to study agent. An adequately powered randomized study is warranted to test the efficacy of KC in reducing RD.
Efficacy of Dragon's blood cream on wound healing: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial$$$ The blood‐red sap of Dragon's blood has been used in folk medicine for fractures, wounds, inflammation, gastrointestinal disorders, rheumatism, blood circulation dysfunctions, and cancer. Existing in vitro and in vivo bioactivity of this herb on different mechanisms of healing shows strong potential of this sap in wound healing. This clinical trial study was designated to evaluate the wound healing effect of Dragon's blood on human wounds. Sixty patients, between the ages of 14‐65 years, who were referred to remove their skin tag, were assigned to this double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, randomized clinical trial and received either Dragon's blood or a placebo cream. They were visited on the 3rd, 5th, 7th, 10th, 14th, and 20th day of the trial to check the process of healing and to measure the wound's surface. At the end of trial, there was a significant difference in the mean duration of wound healing between the two groups (p = 0.0001). The phenolic compounds and the alkaloid taspine, which exist in Dragon's‐blood resin, are probably the main reasons for the wound healing property of this plant. Being natural accessible, safe, and affordable makes Dragon's blood cream, a good choice for addition to the wound healing armamentarium. Further studies on wounds with different causes and among larger populations are suggested to ensure the effectiveness and safety of Dragon's blood.
Cabbage in the treatment of Menopausal Genitourinary Syndrome$$$ INTERVENTION: The patients will be randomized and allocated to two groups in a 1:1 ratio ‐ 18 patients per group: 1) Moisturizing polymer + 10% glycolic extract of Brassica var. capitata (cabbage) (Intervention Group) and 2) moisturizing polymer (Placebo Group). The dose of cream applied to each woman will be 3g per application, and there will be 36 applications over the course of 12 weeks. The samples will be blinded and the allocation of the groups will be revealed at the end of the research data collection. CONDITION: C12.050.351 Menopausal Genitourinary Syndrome PRIMARY OUTCOME: It is hoped to find a significant improvement in urogenital symptoms, which will be verified using the VHI (Vaginal Health Index). Indicators will be taken as changes in the VHI scores, with an expected increase of at least 10% compared to the initial values. The primary endpoint will also be female sexual function, assessed by the IFSF (Female Sexual Function Index). For this endpoint, the parameters will include a positive change in IFSF scores, with an expected increase of at least 15% compared to pre‐treatment measurements. SECONDARY OUTCOME: It is hoped to find a significant improvement in the participants&apos$$$ quality of life. This improvement will be verified using the WHQ (Womens Health Questionnaire), a validated instrument for measuring various aspects of women&apos$$$s health and well‐being. The specific parameters that will be observed include increases in overall WHQ scores, with an expected increase of at least 20% in relation to the scores obtained at the start of the study. This increase in WHQ scores will indicate an improvement in the participants&apos$$$ general perception of well‐being, emotional and physical health, reflecting positively on the efficacy of topical non‐hormonal therapy for menopausal symptoms INCLUSION CRITERIA: Woman, age equal to or greater than 50 years and less than 65 years. Clinical menopause for at least 3 years and presence of GSM ‐ Genitourinary Syndrome of Menopause ‐ symptoms according to established diagnostic criteria. FSH (follicle‐stimulating hormone) measurement > 25 IU/ml and estradiol < 20 pg/mL, when it is not possible to predict the date of the last menstrual period. Diagnosis of genitourinary syndrome identified by clinical data and supported by the Vaginal Health Inde Xquestionnaire. Negative cervical cytology exam, within the routine timeframe recommended by the Ministry of Health/Instituto Nacional do Câncer (INCA)
The incidence and presentation of handefoot skin reaction in patients receiving sorafenib$$$ Background: Handefoot skin reaction (HFSR) is a clinically significant toxicity in patients receiving the multikinase inhibitor sorafenib. HFSR is painful, decreases patient quality of life, and can lead to dose modification or interruption, all of which may negatively impact clinical outcome. The incidence of HFSR has been estimated to be 10% to 69% in patients receiving sorafenib, but few trials exist that examine the onset of symptoms, grade at presentation, and response to topical treatment. Methods: A four‐arm, double‐blind, randomized study was designed to evaluate patients receiving sorafenib at Northwestern University. Subjects were screened within 3 days of starting sorafenib and were educated about the signs and symptoms of HFSR. Subjects who developed HFSR within 6 weeks after initiation returned to the study site for assessment and randomization for treatment. Randomization consisted of four groups: urea cream 40%, fluocinonide 0.05% cream, tazarotene 0.1% cream, and Udderly Smooth Udder Cream. Subjects applied study medication to the palms and soles twice daily for 6 weeks and were assessed at weeks 0, 2, 4, 6, and 8. Quality of life related to cutaneous side effects was assessed at study visits using the Skindex‐16. Results: Seventeen subjects initiated therapy with sorafenib as standard of care between August 2008 and March 2011. Six subjects developed HFSR (35%) and were randomized to HFSR treatments (1 subject to fluocinonide, 3 subjects to tazarotene, and 2 subjects to urea). Mean time to onset of HFSR symptoms was 7.8 days (range, 3‐14). The average grade of HFSR at presentation was 1.8 (range, 1‐3 using CTCAE v 4.0). Quality of life, as measured by Skindex‐16, decreased overall (3.2 at screening and 27 at baseline) and in each domain (symptoms, emotions and functioning) from screening to development of HFSR. Although statistical significance could not be determined, urea cream assessments of treatment response were more beneficial than fluocinonide or tazarotene. Conclusion: HFSR emergence in this sorafenib cohort was consistent with published estimates and presented early after initiation. Moreover, HFSR diminishes patient quality of life, leading to modification or interruption of cancer therapy. Urea cream may be a useful adjunct in the treatment of HFSR.
The pharmacologic treatment of female sexual dysfunction: future reality or wishful thinking?$$$ Sexual problems are highly prevalent in midlife women and often associated with distress. Female sexual interest/arousal disorder is the most common sexual problem reported by women. Hormonal changes at menopause as well as other physiological, psychological, sociocultural, interpersonal, and lifestyle factors contribute to midlife sexual concerns. Effective treatment requires an understanding of the cause of the problem. Although many sexual problems can be successfully treated without pharmacologic intervention, at times an option “from the medicine cabinet” may be indicated. Dyspareunia due to vulvovaginal atrophy (VVA) is an important and treatable cause of sexual problems after menopause. Symptomatic VVA is effectively treated by vaginal moisturizers, lubricants, low‐dose vaginal estrogen therapy, and ospemifene. Choice of treatment depends on the severity of symptoms and the woman's medical history and personal preferences. Androgen levels decline with aging and there is some evidence to support the use of testosterone therapy in carefully selected postmenopausal women with low libido associated with distress and no other etiology for their sexual problems. In randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled studies of postmenopausal women with distressing low libido, testosterone therapy administered by a transdermal patch increased sexual desire, activity, and pleasure. Subsequent studies of a topical testosterone gel in a similar population demonstrated no improvement in any aspect of sexual function compared with placebo, despite achieving similar testosterone blood levels. There are currently no government‐approved androgen‐containing products for the treatment of female sexual disorders in the United States or Canada. A popular but untested treatment is the use of a small amount of compounded testosterone cream or gel (1‐2%) applied topically to the vagina, arms, thighs, or low abdomen. Formulations of topical testosterone approved for the treatment of men increase the risk of excessive dosing when prescribed for women. Women using testosterone should be monitored for adverse effects, including facial hair, acne, voice changes, clitoromegaly, and changes in lipids or liver function tests. Blood testosterone levels should be checked intermittently to ensure that they remain in the normal range for reproductive‐aged women. Long‐term risks, including possible effects on the risk of cardiovascular disease or breast cancer, are unknown. There is no evidence to support the use of systemic dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) for the management of female sexual problems. The use of vaginal DHEA in postmenopausal women with low libido associated with symptomatic VVA is under investigation. Women who elect a trial of androgen therapy should be informed of potential risks and off‐label nature of use. A government approved clitoral therapy device (EROS‐CTD) may increase clitoral blood flow and improve sexual response in women with sexual dysfunction. Less expensive devices available without a prescription are likely equally effective. Although highly effective for men with erectile dysfunction, phosphodiesterase inhibitors are generally ineffective for women, with benefit limited to those with sexual dysfunction secondary to the use of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors. Buproprion has been shown to improve sexual arousal and response in several small randomized controlled trials of premenopausal women without depression. Pharmacologic agents under investigation for the treatment of female sexual disorders include flibanserin (serotonin receptor family agonist/antagonist), apomorphine (dopamine agonist), bremelanotide (melanocortin agonist), and combinations of testosterone with sildenafil or buspirone. Given potential risks of pharmacologic agents and a high placebo response in studies of drug treatments for sexual disorders, effective nonpharmacologic options should be first line treatment for midlife women with sexual problems.
Efficacy of topical alpha ointment (containing natural henna) compared to topical hydrocortisone (1%) in the healing of radiation-induced dermatitis in patients with breast cancer: a randomized controlled clinical trial$$$ BACKGROUND: This two‐arm, randomized clinical study aimed to compare efficacy between topical Alpha ointment and topical hydrocortisone cream (1%) in the healing of radiation‐induced dermatitis in breast cancer patients. METHODS: The inclusion criteria comprised newly pathologically proven, locally advanced breast cancer (treated with modified radical mastectomy followed by sequential adjuvant treatments, including chest wall radiotherapy [45‐50.4 Gy]) and grade 2 and/or 3 chest wall dermatitis. The exclusion criteria were comprised of any underlying disease or medications interfering with the wound healing process, previous history of chest wall radiotherapy, and concurrent use of chemotherapy. Sixty eligible patients were randomly assigned to use either topical Alpha ointment (study arm, n=30) or topical hydrocortisone cream (1%) (control arm, n=30) immediately after receiving a total dose of 45‐50 Gy chest wall radiotherapy. RESULTS: The mean radiation dose was 49.1 Gy in the control arm and 48.8 Gy in the study arm. The mean dermatitis area was 13.54 cm(2) in the control arm and 17.02 cm(2) in the study arm. Topical Alpha ointment was more effective on the healing of radiation‐induced dermatitis than was topical hydrocortisone cream (1%) (P=0.001). This effect was significant in the second week (P=0.007). In addition, Alpha ointment decreased the patients' complaints such as pain (P<0.001), pruritus (P=0.009), and discharge (P=0.010) effectively and meaningfully. CONCLUSION: Topical Alpha ointment was more effective on the healing of radiation‐induced dermatitis than was topical hydrocortisone cream (1%) in our patients with breast cancer. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBERS: IRCT201206099979N1, ACTRN12612000837820.
A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial evaluating Dermytol(®) cream for the treatment of actinic keratoses$$$ PURPOSE: Actinic keratosis lesions (AKs) have the potential to develop into squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) and thus therapies to prevent SCC development from AKs are warranted. The aim of this study was to assess the effects of a 3 month application of a canola phenolic acid‐based cream (CPA) on AK lesions. PATIENTS AND METHODS: This was a randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, 12 week clinical study conducted at a single‐center in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. Forty‐five subjects (30 CPA and 15 placebo), aged 45‐85 years with 3‐10 AKs within a 20 cm(2) treatment area (scalp, forehead, dorsal forearm, neck, or back of hand) were enrolled. The primary outcome was complete or partial lesion clearance and the secondary outcome was safety of CPA. RESULTS: Although complete AK lesion clearance was not seen in this study, a significant reduction in the mean change from baseline in the average lesion area was observed at weeks 3 (P=0.002), 6 (P<0.001), and 12 (P<0.001) in the CPA group, but only at weeks 6 and 12 in the placebo group (P=0.005 and P=0.002, respectively). Furthermore, the proportion of participants with a $10% decrease in average lesion area was significantly higher in the CPA group than the placebo group at weeks 3 (P=0.05) and 6 (P=0.02), and showed a trend at week 12 (P=0.06). A subset analysis of the change in average lesion area based upon the total lesion area at baseline revealed that CPA elicited a greater reduction than placebo (2×) in participants with a baseline total AK lesion area of 100‐500 mm(2) than in participants with a total area <100 mm(2) (1.3×). CONCLUSION: The results of this study and previous in vitro studies suggest a potential role for CPA in the treatment of AK lesions and the prevention of SCC development.
Efficacy of Dragon's blood cream on wound healing: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial$$$ The blood‐red sap of Dragons blood has been used in folk medicine for fractures, wounds, inflammation, gastrointestinal disorders, rheumatism, blood circulation dysfunctions, and cancer. Existing in vitro and in vivo bioactivity of this herb on different mechanisms of healing shows strong potential of this sap in wound healing. This clinical trial study was designated to evaluate the wound healing effect of Dragons blood on human wounds. Sixty patients, between the ages of 14‐65 years, who were referred to remove their skin tag, were assigned to this double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, randomized clinical trial and received either Dragons blood or a placebo cream. They were visited on the 3rd, 5th, 7th, 10th, 14th, and 20th day of the trial to check the process of healing and to measure the wounds surface. At the end of trial, there was a significant difference in the mean duration of wound healing between the two groups (p = 0.0001). The phenolic compounds and the alkaloid taspine, which exist in Dragons‐blood resin, are probably the main reasons for the wound healing property of this plant. Being natural accessible, safe, and affordable makes Dragons blood cream, a good choice for addition to the wound healing armamentarium. Further studies on wounds with different causes and among larger populations are suggested to ensure the effectiveness and safety of Dragons blood.
Effectiveness of Jessner's solution plus 35% trichloroacetic acid versus 5% 5-fluorouracil on multiple facial actinic keratosis$$$ Background: Actinic keratosis is the most common precancerous lesion in sun‐exposed areas. The principal risk factor is cumulative exposure to ultraviolet radiation. If left untreated in 6‐16% develop into squamous cell carcinoma, and should be considered the precursors of at least 13 ‐ 60% of invasive squamous cell carcinoma. There are many lesion‐directed therapy options, including cryotherapy, photodynamic therapy, imiquimod and 5‐fluorouracil (5‐FU). Chemical peel is an option in treating large areas with multiple keratosis. Objective: To compare effectiveness of 5‐FU against Jessner's solution and 35% trichloroacetic acid (TCA), in patients with multiple actinic keratosis. Patients and method: We conduced a controlled trial that included 16 patients with multiple facial keratosis on both sides of the face. Right side was treated with daily applications of 5‐FU cream for 6 weeks, and left side with a single application of Jessner's solution and 35% trichloroacetic acid. Results: We observed a complete resolution of actinic keratosis in 43.75% of the side treated with 5‐FU, and 18.75% on the side treated with Jessner's solution and 35% TCA.
Evaluation of the tolerability and safety of 0.015% ingenol mebutate gel compared to 5% 5-fluorouracil cream for the treatment of facial actinic keratosis: a prospective randomized trial$$$ Background: Actinic keratosis (AKs) are cutaneous lesions of atypical squamous transformation that are considered to be an early step in the continuum of transformation from normal skin to squamous cell carcinoma. 5% 5‐fluorouracil cream (5‐FU) is a well‐established treatment for AKs and ingenol mebutate gel (IMB) is a new topical field therapy. The aim of this study was to compare tolerability and safety of 0.015% IMB with 5‐FU for the treatment of facial AKs. Design: An open‐label, prospective, randomized, controlled clinical trial was conducted with 100 patients with four to eight clinically typical, visible, and discrete AKs within a 25 cm2 contiguous field on the face. IMB was applied daily for three consecutive days. 5‐FU was applied twice a day for four weeks. Treatment effect was evaluated at baseline and on days 2, 3, 4, 8, 15, 22, 29, 36 and 43, considering ITT populations. Results: The patients were mostly female (65%) and 74% had Fitzpatrick skin types I or II. Their ages ranged from 38 to 95 years. Fifty patients were randomly assigned to receive IMB and 50 were assigned to receive 5‐FU. Five patients in the IMB group discontinued the study early, while in the 5‐FU group six patients did it$$$ none of them due to adverse events related to the treatments. The mean (±SD) maximum LSR (local skin response grading scale) for patients treated with IMB was 10.85 (±3.12), as compared to 10.86 (±3.55) for those who received 5‐FU. For patients in the IMB group, the LSR peaked at day 4 and declined thereafter. For 5‐FU group, the LSR peaked at day 29. After 15 days, the patients treated with IMB have almost no local skin reactions on the target treatment area. The patients treated with 5‐FU have visible skin alterations until day 36. Also, the area under the curve (LSR × visit) for IMB (mean 72.7, SD ± 19.4) was significantly smaller (P =.000) than for the 5‐FU (mean 282.1, SD of ± 15.5). There was no evidence of differences between the two treatments for pruritus, pain, tearing, conjunctival hyperaemia, and headaches. The eyelid edema rate was significantly higher for the IMB group. Both treatments showed a good safety profile. Limitations: This study was not blind. Follow‐up period was short and the efficacy of the treatments was not compared. Conclusions: IMB seems to be a more tolerable option to treat AKs and the local effects are less durable compared with 5‐FU.
Design of a Randomized Clinical Trial of Perioperative Vaginal Estrogen Versus Placebo With Transvaginal Native Tissue Apical Prolapse Repair (Investigation to Minimize Prolapse Recurrence of the Vagina using Estrogen: IMPROVE)$$$ OBJECTIVES: To provide the rationale and design for a randomized, double‐blind clinical trial of conjugated estrogen vaginal cream (applied for at least 5 weeks preoperatively and continued twice‐weekly through 12 months postoperatively) compared with placebo in postmenopausal women with symptomatic pelvic organ prolapse undergoing a standardized transvaginal native tissue apical repair. METHODS: Study population, randomization process, study cream intervention, masking of participants and evaluators, placebo cream manufacture, standardized surgical intervention, and collection of adverse events are described. The primary outcome of surgical success is a composite of objectively no prolapse beyond the hymen and the vaginal cuff descending no more than one third the vaginal length$$$ subjectively, no sense of vaginal pressure or bulging$$$ and no retreatment for prolapse at 12 months. Time‐to‐failure postoperatively will be compared in the 2 groups with continued surveillance to 36 months. Secondary outcomes assessed at baseline, preoperatively (ie, after at least 5 weeks of study cream), and postoperatively at 6 month intervals include validated condition‐specific and general quality‐of‐life metrics, overall impression of improvement, sexual function, vaginal atrophy symptoms, and body image. Challenges unique to this study include design and manufacture of placebo and defining and measuring study drug adherence. RESULTS: Recruitment of 204 women is complete with 197 randomized. There have been 174 surgeries completed with 15 more pending$$$ 111 have completed their 12 month postoperative visit. CONCLUSIONS: This trial will contribute evidence‐based information regarding the effect of perioperative vaginal estrogen as an adjunct therapy to standardized transvaginal native tissue prolapse surgical repair.
Non-Discussed Poster Presentations, Joint Meeting of International Continence Society and International Urogynecological Association$$$ The proceedings contain 885 papers. The topics discussed include: fiber muscle profile in urethral striated muscle of diabetic pregnant rats$$$ a synthetic tridimensional pelvic model is an effective didactic tool for the study of the pelvic floor anatomy compared to cadaveric pelvis$$$ the effects of combination of perianal‐intrarectal lidocaine‐prilocaine cream and periprostatic nerve block for pain control during transrectal ultrasound guided biopsy of the prostate: a randomized, controlled trial$$$ identification of CD44‐positive cells in bladder cancer cell lines and their calcium signalling responses to hyaluronidase stimulation$$$ laser vaporization of posterior and anterior urethral strictures: long term follow up with durable results$$$ the effect of imatinib mesylate on spontaneous contractions of guinea‐pig bladder in fresh tissues and organotypic cultures$$$ and a double blind randomised placebo controlled trial of the effectiveness of bladder training with oxybutynin or imipramine in the management of detrusor overactivity (DO).
High patient satisfaction with daylight-activated methyl aminolevulinate cream in the treatment of multiple actinic keratoses: a non-interventional study in Australia$$$ Introduction: It is often desirable to treat actinic keratoses (AK) to reduce the risk of progression to squamous cell carcinoma and for symptomatic and cosmetic benefits. Efficacy and safety of methyl aminolevulinate cream activated by daylight (MAL DL) for AK treatment has previously been demonstrated. The objective of this study was to generate real‐life data on the use of MAL DL in treating mild to moderate facial/scalp AK. Methods: A prospective, multicenter, non‐interventional study in Australia in patients receiving a single treatment of MAL DL for mild to moderate AK. Efficacy was assessed 3 months after treatment using a 6‐point global improvement scale (1: clear to 6: worse) and satisfaction questionnaires. Adverse events were recorded throughout the study. Results: Overall, 81 patients were enrolled of mean age 62.7 years, mostly men (76.5%) with skin phototype I (64.2%) or II (35.8%) and a long history of AK (mean duration 16.8 years). Most had multiples lesions (82.7% had ≥11 lesions) of predominantly grade I (75.3%). Physicianassessed efficacy at 3 months was much improved in 88.6% of patients, including 21.5% totally clear. The proportion of patients and physicians satisfied to very satisfied with the MAL DL treatment was 79.7% and 83.3%, respectively. Related AEs were reported in 48.1% of patients, mainly mild erythema (44.4%)$$$ only 1 was serious (squamous cell carcinoma). Conclusions: In clinical practice, the use of MAL DL results in high levels of patient and physician satisfaction reflecting the good efficacy in treating multiple mild nonhyperkeratotic AK of the face and/or scalp.
Prophylaxis of radiation dermatitis with a topical cortisone cream$$$ Nineteen cancer patients receiving radiation therapy to the head, neck, chest wall, or abdomen were evaluated in a double‐blind study to determine the effectiveness of 0.2% hydrocortisone valerate vs. placebo in reducing acute radiation dermatitis. Patients applied hydrocortisone valerate to one‐half of the irradiate area and the placebo to the other half beginning two weeks after the initiation of radiotherapy and continuing until three weeks after completion. Left and right sides were scored each week with respect to erythema, dry desquamation, moist desquamation, ulceration, and the duration and intensity of symptoms such as soreness, burning, and itching. No statistically significant difference was found between the 0.2% hydrocortisone valerate and the placebo in the acute skin response or the symptoms of radiation dermatitis. The patients were evaluated three months following radiotherapy for evidence of skin atrophy. There were no differences found between hydrocortisone valerate and the placebo with respect to the late effects of radiation therapy.
Effect of Thao En On (Cryptolepis buchanani stem) and Phlai extract spray (Entanoids muscle relaxing oil) for delayed onset muscle soreness after elbow flexors exercise$$$ INTERVENTION: Efficacy of Thao En On and Phlai extract spray for delayed onset muscle soreness after elbow flexors exercise,Efficacy of diclofenac spray ,Efficacy of placebo Experimental Other,Active Comparator Drug,Placebo Comparator Other This study was a randomized, placebo‐controlled, clinical trial and was bipartisan, (double‐blinded) by concealing the volunteers, investigators, statistician and research team. The volunteers will be organized into 3 groups, the group 1 will get Effect of Thao En On and Phlai extract spray. The volunteers have to do dumbbell lighting for 30 minutes until the arm gets sore. Then that arm will be measured the soreness by Visual pain scale, Universal goniometer and WE‐algometer at 24, 48, 72 and 96 hours after dumbbell lifting.,This study was a randomized, placebo‐controlled, clinical trial and was bipartisan, (double‐blinded) by concealing the volunteers, investigators, statistician and research team. The volunteers will be organized into 3 groups, the group 2 will get Diclofenac spray. The volunteers have to do dumbbell lighting for 30 minutes until the arm gets sore. Then that arm will be measured the soreness by Visual pain scale, Universal goniometer and WE‐algometer at 24, 48, 72 and 96 hours after dumbbell lifting.,This study was a randomized, placebo‐controlled, clinical trial and was bipartisan, (double‐blinded) by concealing the volunteers, investigators, statistician and research team. The volunteers will be organized into 3 groups, the group 3 will get Placebo. The volunteers have to do dumbbell lighting for 30 minutes until the arm gets sore. Then that arm will be measured the soreness by Visual pain scale, Universal goniometer and WE‐algometer at 24, 48, 72 and 96 hours after dumbbell lifting. CONDITION: Cryptolepis buchanani stem, Entanoids muscle relaxing oil, muscle soreness. Healthy male volunteers aged between 20‐35 years old $$$ Cryptolepis buchanani stem, Entanoids muscle relaxing oil, muscle soreness. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Visual pain scale 4 days Measured the soreness by Universal goniometer and WE‐algometer SECONDARY OUTCOME: N/A N/A N/A INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Male 2. Aged between 20‐35 years old 3. Having a normal body mass inde X(Body mass inde X= 18.5‐24.9 kg/m2). 4. Having low level of physical activity after testing the Global Physical Activity Questionnaire (GPAQ). 5. Having no pain and problems in the musculoskeletal system of the study arm. 6. Exercise or play sport less than 2 times/week 7. Not practicing resistance exercises for increasing muscle strength at least 6 months before participating the study 8. Do not have a regular job that requires lifting force, such as a parcel delivery worker or fitness trainer 9. No history of congenital disease such as heart disease, blood pressure, diabetes, muscle and joint disease, cancer, allergies or history of allergy to anti‐inflammatory drugs, etc. 10. Having no restriction on the movement of the joints of the forearm limbs 11. No history of allergies to chemicals, drugs, muscle massage creams, pain relief sprays, and alcohol.
Intensity of Local Skin Reactions During 5-Fluorouracil Treatment Related to the Number of Actinic Keratosis Lesions: a Post Hoc, Exploratory Analysis$$$ Introduction: Actinic keratoses (AK) are epithelial lesions caused by chronic skin exposure to ultraviolet light that can progress into squamous cell carcinoma. Although several treatments are effective, they are associated with severe skin reactions, which might be related to the extent of the disease. This study aimed to examine the relationship between the severity of local skin reactions during treatment with 5‐fluorouracil 4% cream and the number of AK lesions at baseline. Methods: This post hoc analysis pooled data from two multicentre randomised phase III studies (HD‐FUP3B‐048, HD‐FUP3B‐049) in patients with AK treated with topical 5‐fluorouracil 4% once daily (OD) or 5% twice daily (BID) for 4 weeks. First, we compared the severity, assessed using a numerical rating scale, of the local skin reactions between 5‐fluorouracil 4% and 5%. Then, we investigated the relationship between the number of lesions at baseline and severe skin reactions with 5‐fluorouracil 4% OD. Results: Safety data were included from 397 patients who had received 5‐fluorouracil 4% (348 in study HD‐FUP3B‐048, 49 in study HD‐FUP3B‐049) OD and 342 (HD‐FUP3B‐048) who had received 5‐fluorouracil 5% BID. For most skin reactions, severe ones were more common in patients treated with 5‐fluorouracil 5% cream BID than in those treated with 5‐fluorouracil 4% cream OD (P < 0.05). With 5‐fluorouracil 4% OD, the incidence of severe erythema was significantly higher in patients with at least 10 lesions (46%) than in patients with 5–10 lesions (28%$$$ P < 0.001). Similar results were observed for the other local skin reactions. Conclusion: Treatment with 5‐fluorouracil 4% cream OD was associated with less severe local skin reactions than 5‐fluorouracil 5% BID. The number of AK lesions at baseline seems to have predictive value regarding the severity of local skin reactions that appear during treatment.
Safety and efficacy of topical use of imiquimod (beselna cream 5%) for the treatment of actinic keratosis: a retrospective multicenter collaborative clinical study$$$ Actinic keratosis is an intraepidermal carcinoma induced by DNA damage in epidermal cells caused by exposure to ultraviolet radiation.Recently, the incidence of actinic keratosis has increased among the aging population, and thus, early detection and treatment is important.In 2011, imiquimod (Beselna Cream 5%) was approved for the additional indication of actinic keratosis.We conducted a retrospective multicenter collaborative clinical study between June 2012 and June 2013 to examine the safety and efficacy of topical use of imiquimod in patients with actinic keratosis.In this study, 46 patients (mean age, 82.2 years$$$ 23 men, 23 women) were included.The mean disease duration was 29.3 months.Nine patients had a history of treatment for actinic keratosis.Beselna Cream 5% was used according to the instructions in its package insert.One treatment cycle included external application 3 times a week for 4 weeks and discontinuation of its use for 4 weeks.The cycle was repeated once when the efficacy was insufficient.The response rate was 78%.Eighteen patients were successfully followed up until 12 months after the end of the treatment, and no recurrence was observed in any of the patients.The adverse event of the topical use of imiquimod was local skin reaction, with an incidence of 47.8 % and 8.7 % in cycle 1 and cycle 2, respectively.Withdrawal of imiquimod treatment was required in 1 patient$$$ however, the symptoms were immediately relieved after the discontinuation of imiquimod treatment.Consistent with the previous findings, our findings indicate that topical use of imiquimod is highly effective and is associated with a low recurrence rate of actinic keratosis$$$ therefore, we believe that imiquimod can be used as a first‐line drug for the treatment of actinic keratosis.
Bucher's indirect comparison of daylight photodynamic therapy with methyl aminolevulinate cream versus diclofenac plus hyaluronic acid gel for the treatment of multiple actinic keratosis$$$ Actinic keratosis (AK) is a pre‐cancerous condition characterised by patches of thick, scaly skin developing on sun‐exposed areas of the body. When multiple AKs develop on severely photodamaged skin, commonly used treatments include photodynamic therapy and diclofenac plus hyaluronic acid gel (DHA). Methyl aminolevulinate daylight photodynamic therapy (MAL DL‐PDT) is an alternative to conventional photodynamic therapy (MAL c‐PDT). Trials have indicated that MAL DL‐PDT is as effective as MAL c‐PDT but reduces treatment‐related pain and dermatological side effects. To indirectly compare between MAL DL‐PDT and DHA in patients with AK. A total of three randomised trials were collected using a systematic literature review. An adjusted indirect comparison was conducted on complete lesion response rate at 12 weeks. The data indicated that mild lesions, moderate lesions, and mild and moderate lesions treated with MAL DL‐PDT were more than four times more likely to undergo a complete response than lesions treated with DHA at 12 weeks, with ORs ranging from 4.23 to 4.81. Results were all statistically significant. This is the first indirect comparison demonstrating the effectiveness of MAL‐PDT over DHA for the treatment of AK, and further research is needed to assess the long‐term efficacy of these interventions (i.e. six months and beyond), as well as safety and patient‐reported outcomes.
Randomized investigation of prophylactic corticosteroid versus non-corticosteroid ointment for reducing cutaneous toxicity in Taiwanese patients receiving sorafenib for hepatocellular carcinoma$$$ Background/aims: The multi‐kinase inhibitor sorafenib is the only approved systemic treatment for advanced hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) globally. As a post‐approval request in Taiwan, a phase IV 151‐patient, single‐arm study (“HATT”) was initiated to confirm the efficacy/safety of sorafenib in patients with advanced HCC receiving sorafenib 400 mg twice daily (BID) on a continuous schedule. A prospective substudy was added for the last 63 patients as part of HATT to assess whether prophylactic use of topical corticosteroid can reduce hand‐foot skin reaction (HFSR) incidence and severity (HATT‐study is still ongoing). HFSR, among sorafenib's most frequent adverse events, can impair quality of life and may lead to premature treatment discontinuation Methods: In this multi‐center, open‐label substudy, participants (n = 63) were randomized 1:1 to Nerisone (1 g containing 1 mg [0.1%] diflucortolone valerate) or Neribas (non‐steroid containing) applied to the hands and feet BID for 3 weeks, starting on the same day as sorafenib. The primary endpoint for the substudy was HFSR incidence (any grade) in the first 3 weeks of treatment Results: Baseline demographic and disease characteristics were sufficiently balanced. Results are presented below. Results for the 88 HATT patients prior to initiation of the substudy will be presented at the meeting. Table 1 Conclusions: For all HFSR‐related parameters, there were trends towards decreased incidence, severity and increased time to onset of HFSR in the corticosteroid cream arm. Sorafenib mean/median dose was higher, and need for treatment modifications was reduced, in the corticosteroid cream arm. These hypothesis‐generating data will require confirmation by a larger trial. (Table Presented).
REASONS FOR RELUCTANCE TO USE VAGINAL ESTROGEN FOR RECURRENT UTI IN POSTMENOPAUSAL WOMEN: INTERIM ANALYSIS OF PIVOT TRIAL (PREVENTION OF RECURRENT UTI USING VAGINAL TESTOSTERONE)$$$ Introduction: Vaginal estrogen has been shown to be a safe and effective treatment for urinary tract infections (UTIs) in postmenopausal women. Despite data demonstrating the lack of significant breast/ endometrial cancer risks associated with topical vaginal estrogen, patient reluctance to receive the treatment remains a large barrier to its adoption. This is an interim analysis of a placebo controlled clinical trial to assess the effects of topical vaginal testosterone on postmenopausal women with recurrent UTIs who are unwilling to use vaginal estrogen. The goal of this analysis was to examine the reasons for resistance to the use of vaginal estrogen therapy in postmenopausal patients with recurrent urinary tract infections. Methods: Postmenopausal women with recurrent UTI unwilling to use vaginal estrogen cream were recruited for the clinical trial. Information regarding patient's race, age, past medical history, family history was collected. As part of the initial enrollment, a questionnaire was administered assessing reasons for not using vaginal estrogen including: side effects, family history of breast or uterine cancer, personal history of breast or uterine cancer, concern with overall risk of cancer, personal history of Deep vein thrombosis/ pulmonary embolism (VT/PE), concern for risk of DVT/PE. Participants were asked to select the reason that was most concerning to them. Responses were quantified based using means and percentages. Results: A total of 45 women were enrolled in the study. The mean age was 70 years (49‐90 yrs). A total of 9 patients (20%) reported prior history of breast or uterine cancer and 18 patients (40%) reported family history of breast or uterine cancer. The two main reasons for resistance to use of vaginal estrogen within the cohort were personal history of breast or uterine cancer 20% (n = 9) and family history of breast or uterine cancer 11% (n = 5). Concern with perceived overall cancer risk was reported in 9% of participants. Two patients also reported risk of potential side effects as the reason to not use vaginal estrogen. Personal history of DVT/PE and perceived risk of DVT/PE were not found to be prevalent reasons for resistance to use of vaginal estrogen. Conclusions: The perceived increased risk of cancer remains the most prevalent barrier to the use of vaginal estrogen in post‐menopausal women. Detailed counseling and education regarding the most recently published data is needed to increase the adaptation of vaginal estrogen treatment in postmenopausal women..
One-week treatment with once-daily fluorouracil cream 0.5% in participants with actinic keratoses$$$ Actinic keratoses (AKs) are common in fair‐skinned individuals with a history of chronic and excessive sun exposure and may progress to squamous cell carcinoma (SCC). Topical fluorouracil is an effective therapeutic option for patients with AKs, but it is associated with substantial skin irritation. The efficacy and tolerability of 1‐week treatment using microsponge‐based fluorouracil cream 0.5% were analyzed in 356 participants with AK lesions. One‐week treatment with once‐daily fluorouracil cream 0.5% was significantly more effective than vehicle control in reducing AK lesions and in achieving complete clearance (P<.001). No serious treatment‐related adverse events occurred. The most frequent treatment‐related adverse events were facial and eye irritations, which were predominantly mild to moderate in severity. No participants in the fluorouracil cream 0.5% treatment group discontinued the study because of treatment‐related adverse events. One‐week treatment with once‐daily fluorouracil cream 0.5% is an effective well‐tolerated therapy for AKs. Using this short treatment duration period in combination with cryosurgery may prove beneficial in clinical practice. Extending treatment for up to 4 weeks will further improve AK lesion clearance rates.
Phase II study of the effect of the topical corticosteroid fluocinonide in patients on endocrine therapy for breast cancer or breast cancer prevention with symptoms of vaginal dryness and dyspareunia$$$ Background: Gynecologic symptoms and sexual dysfunction from endocrine therapy are troublesome side effects for a significant number of patients. This study explored amelioration of vaginal dryness and dyspareunia with fluocinonide cream, a strong topical corticosteroid. Methods: A single‐arm, open‐label phase II trial of topical fluocinonide 0.05% cream to improve vaginal symptoms in women on endocrine therapy in the adjuvant setting for early stage breast cancer was performed. Patients with vaginal symptoms applied topical vaginal fluocinonide 0.05% cream twice a day for two weeks then once daily for two weeks. Patients were assessed for symptoms by weekly completion of the Mayo/North Central Cancer Treatment Group Patient Pretreatment Questionnaire. The primary outcome was a change from baseline in patient‐reported effects of vaginal dryness and dyspareunia on a scale from 0 (no symptoms) to 4 (very severe symptoms) from time of enrollment and at 4 weeks. Secondary outcomes were decrease in vaginal itching and total vaginal index score. Comparisons were made with Wilcoxon sign rank test with 2.5% significance level. Results: Thirty‐four women were accrued. At 4 weeks compared with baseline, vaginal dryness improved from a median score of 2 (moderate symptoms) to 0 (no symptoms) (P < .001) and dyspareunia from 3 (severe symptoms) compared with 1 (mild symptoms) (P = .002). Percentage of patients who had > 2 point improvement in vaginal dryness and dyspareunia was 69.0% and 75% respectively. Secondary analysis showed decrease in vaginal itching score from 1 to 0 (P = .001) and vaginal index score of 6 to 1 (P = .002). Twenty‐one patients experienced low‐grade toxicities which were mostly limited to skin irritation. Conclusions: Fluocinonide 0.05% cream improves vaginal dryness and dyspareunia experienced by women receiving endocrine therapy and has the potential to improve quality of life of cancer survivors and compliance of endocrine therapy.
Novel delivery of photodynamic therapy for actinic keratosis in organ transplant recipients: combination of ablative fractional laser, methyl aminolevulinate and daylight enhances efficacy and minimizes pain$$$ Background: PDT is well‐established for actinic keratosis (AK) and field cancerization, but struggles with inferior efficacy in organ transplant recipients (OTR) and painful treatments. We intended to improve the delivery of PDT, using a combination of ablative fractional laser resurfacing (AFXL), methyl‐aminolevulinate (MAL) and daylight. The aim was to evaluate the efficacy of AFXL‐assisted daylight PDT (AFXLPDTday) compared to daylight PDT (PDTday), conventional PDT (PDTconv) and AFXL alone (AFXL) in field‐directed treatment of AK in OTR. Study: In each patient, four symmetrical skin areas were randomized to receive a single treatment with (i) PDTconv$$$ (ii) PDTday$$$ (iii) AFXL‐PDTday, and (iv) AFXL. AFXL was delivered with a 2940nm erbium laser at 5.6mJ /laser channel, 2.4% density. MAL 16% cream was used as photosensitizing agent. In PDTday and AFXL‐PDTday, MAL was incubated for 21 =2 hours without occlusion during daylight exposure (2 hours). For PDTconv,MALwas left under occlusion for 3 hours followed by red light emitting diode‐light at 37 J/cm2 at 630 nm. Primary endpoint was complete lesion response (CR) at 3 months after treatment. Results: 16 OTR with a total of 542 AKs in field‐cancerized skin of the scalp, chest and extremities were treated from August‐September 2012. AFXL‐PDTday was significantly more effective than PDTday and PDTconv. CR of all AK was 74% after AFXLPDTday compared to 50% (PDTday), 48% (PDTconv) and 0% (AFXL) (P<0.01). The laser procedure induced no or minimal pain (median 0). Pain sensation during AFXL‐PDTday and PDTday was significantly lower (medians 0) compared to pain during PDTconv (median 4.5), (P<0.001). Erythema and crusting were slightly more intense following AFXL‐PDTday than PDTday and PDTconv. Transient hypopigmentation after AFXL‐PDTday was observed in one patient. Conclusion: AFXL‐PDTday is a novel PDT modality that significantly enhances efficacy and tolerability compared to PDTday and PDTconv in difficult‐to‐treat AK in OTR.
Effect of ear-acupoint pressing and Ear Apex (HX6,7) bloodletting on haemorheology in chloasma patients with Gan depression pattern$$$ Objective: To explore the therapeutical effect of ear‐acupoint pressing combined with Ear Apex (HX6,7) bloodletting on haemorheology in chloasma patients with Gan (Liver) depression pattern. Methods: A total of 180 chloasma patients were randomly assigned to three groups, 60 cases in each. Patients in the earacupuncture (EA) group were treated with ear‐acupoint pressing combined with Ear Apex (HX6,7) bloodletting$$$ vitamins C and E were put into practice in the Western medicine (WM) group together with 0.025% tretinoin cream for local external application$$$ patients in the placebo group were treated with urea‐cream by external use, while 30 healthy volunteers were in the control group. After a treatment course of 2 months, the changes of haemorheology, injury skin area, colour score and symptom score before and after the treatment were observed. Results: There was no significant difference on whole blood reduced viscosity (high shear, medium shear, and low shear), erythrocyte aggregation index, hematocrit, plasma viscosity among the four groups (F =2.65, P>0.05). Compared with those before treatment, the whole blood viscosity (high shear) and whole blood reduced viscosity (high shear) after treatment in the EA group, the WM group and the placebo group were with no statistical significance (P>0.05). The injury skin area and colour score after treatment were significantly lower than those before treatment in the EA group and the WM group (P<0.05), while there was no significant difference in placebo group (P>0.05). Clinical symptoms of the EA group were obviously improved after the 2‐month treatment, which was significantly different compared with those before treatment (P<0.05), there was significant difference compared with those of WM group and placebo group (P<0.05). Conclusion: There was no significant difference on haemorheology index between healthy people and chloasma patients without angionosis, cerebrovascular disease, hematopathy, metabolic disease or any other organic disease. Ear‐acupoint pressing combined with Ear Apex (HX6,7) bloodletting can effectively improve concurrent symptoms, lighten chloasma and lower chloasma area in patients accompanied by Gan depression.
DHEA augmentation strategy for treatment of fatigue and depression: a case presentation$$$ Purpose: Dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) and its sulfated derivative DHEA‐S are endogenous hormones secreted by the adrenal cortex in response to ACTH and stress. Levels of DHEA and DHEA‐S are decreased with advancing age and depression. Trials of DHEA for mid‐life depression have shown promising yet inconclusive results, due in part to small sample sizes and lack of placebo comparators. An additional concern, with the risk of breast cancer in this age group, is the high doses of DHEA supplementation used. We present a case in which lowdose topical DHEA and other hormonal agents were used as an adjunct to conventional antidepressant therapy to target symptoms of depression and fatigue in a peri‐menopausal woman. Methods: Baseline levels of DHEA‐S were collected. In addition, we assessed fatigue and depression using PROMIS measures and vitality based on the SF‐36. DHEA/Pregnenolone/Progesterone topical cream, dosed at 10/20/50 mg/mL per day, was added to the patient's usual treatment regimen of fluoxetine 20mg daily. Results: Baseline labs revealed DHEA‐S level of 63 (ref range: 15‐170). Baseline questionnaires revealed fatigue at 25/35 (moderate‐severe), depression at 23/40 (moderate), and vitality at 8/24 (low). After 12 months of treatment, DHEA‐S was slightly increased at 83 and rating scores included fatigue at 11 (mild), depression 10 (mild) and vitality at 19 (high). A decrease of fluoxetine to 10 mg daily was well tolerated and no adverse effects were seen with treatment. Conclusion: Given its safety and efficacy profile, low‐dose topical DHEA adjunctive treatment for fatigue and depression in mid‐life may result in well‐tolerated improvements in subjective measures of fatigue, depression, and vitality, and warrants further investigation. Future investigation in a placebo‐controlled, RCT is warranted. Such studies should assess safety and tolerability, effect on downstream hormones such as estradiol, optimal dosing, and impact on mood.
The effect of elaeagnus angustifolia L. Cream on radiation-induced skin reactions in women with breast cancer$$$ a preliminary clinical trial$$$ Radiotherapy, a highly effective way to destroy breast cancer, causes skin adverse effects. A considerable amount of studies have been conducted to find a way to alleviate or relieve dermal adverse effects of radiation. The aim of this study was to observe the clinical effect of Elaeagnus angustifolia L. cream to treat radiotherapy‐induced skin destruction in breast cancer patients.Thirty two patients suffering from different stages of radiotherapy‐induced skin reactions were evaluated in a double‐blind randomized study$$$ 16 patients in the treatment group received Elaeagnus angustifolia cream, while the other 16 patients, served as control group.Two weeks after the treatment, patients in Elaeagnus angustifolia group showed significantly lower skin reaction grade compared with placebo group. The attitude of the patients of Elaeagnus angustifolia group about dryness, itching, pain, burning, blisters and sores was significantly improved after two weeks of treatment.Elaeagnus angustifolia cream may effectively reduce the radiotherapy‐induced dermal injury.
Precancerous skin lesions in immunosuppressed individuals: do we need artificial intelligence approaches to monitoring?$$$ Actinic keratoses (AKs) are cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma (CSCC) precursors. To better inform preventive strategies for CSCC, reliable tools for AK assessment are required. Clinical mapping is the gold standard, but is too labour intensive to implement across large‐scale, multicentre trials. High‐resolution digital photography is a rapid and widely available alternative tool, which allows for centralized image assessment. However, this requires high concordance between digital photograph assessment (DPA) and clinical assessment (CA), which has not been systematically evaluated. We aimed to investigate concordance between DPA and CA within the SPOT (SCC Prevention in Organ Transplant recipients) randomized controlled trial, whereby 40 organ transplant recipients with 310 AKs in defined anatomical zones were randomized to 5‐fluorouracil cream or imiquimod cream or sunscreen. Exact location and keratosis score for each AK were mapped clinically and matched digital photographs taken. In a three‐stage process, 10 photographs were randomly selected (initial training set) and independently evaluated by two blinded clinicians using an electronic image capture programme (GIMP). DPA interobserver concordance was calculated for total AK numbers and keratosis score. Concordance between DPA and matched CA was calculated. In a separate electronic DPA analysis, overlap between observers identifying specific AKs was measured using a 'flood fill' operator in GIMP. The Dice coefficient (range 0‐1, no overlap‐perfect overlap$$$ > 0.8 = good), was calculated. Information from this training set was used to modify the DPA technique and improve concordance in the second stage. In the final stage, a new panel of 10 photographs was evaluated and concordance analyses repeated. In the training set, 85 AKs were clinically reported. DPAs by both observers identified many more (217 and 188 AKs, respectively: DICE coefficient 0.50$$$ range 0.22‐0.80) of which 91% (n = 77/85) were correctly matched with CA. After consensus technique modification (stage 2), of 87 AK identified by CA, 51 and 74 were identified by DPA (DICE coefficient 0.50$$$ range 0.13‐0.66). Fewer AKs were matched to clinical data [n = 54/87 (62%) and n = 41/87 (47%), respectively]. Both interobserver DPA concordance for total number of AK and DPA‐CA concordance were low but improved in the second analysis. Keratosis score agreement was poor in both analyses. Our study demonstrates that accurate evaluation of AK using digital photography is challenging even for experienced clinicians, especially for organ transplant recipient AKs, where viral warts are a confounder, making DPA insufficiently reliable for use in clinical trials. Artificial intelligence approaches to automated image recognition can potentially address these limitations and we are currently evaluating its utility in this context.
Nicotine gum chewing for postoperative ileus after colorectal surgery$$$ Aim: Our aim was to evaluate the effects of different sham feeding methods on postoperative ileus after rectum cancer surgery. Method: 68 rectum cancer patients who underwent low anterior resection with an ileostomy were randomized into 4 groups: control (n = 16), ice cream (n = 18), gum (n = 17) and nicotine gum (n = 17). Data collected including patients' demographics, smoking habbits, constipation scores. Amount of perioperative bleeding and fluid administration, drain placement, time of the first sense of stoma motility, stool passage from ileostomy and return of appetite were recorded in each group and compared. Results: Constipation scores, smoking conditions, intraoperative bleeding, fluid administration and drain placement were similar between groups (P > 0,05). First sense of stoma motility was shorter in nicotine group than control and gum groups (P=0,004 and 0,046). Average time to first stool passage and first appetite were found shortest in the nicotine gum group. In paired comparisons stool passage time was significantly shorter in the nicotine than control group (P = 0,011). Return of appetite was found shorter in nicotine group when compared to gum group (P = 0.036). Conclusion: Nicotine gum chewing seems to be an effective method to resolve postoperative ileus after rectal cancer surgery.
Comparing Efficacy and Safety of Oral Tranexamic Acid and 4% Topical Hydroquinone Cream in Melasma Treatment: a Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial and Review of Literature$$$ Introduction. Melasma is a common skin pigmentation disorder affecting a patient's life psychologically and socially. Topical medications or lasers can have temporary and limited therapeutic effects on melasma. Material and Methods. This study is a prospective clinical trial comparing therapeutic effects of oral Tranexamic acid (TXA) and topical Hydroquinone (HQ) cream. A total number of 69 patients were examined. During the study, 10 patients failed to appear for the follow‐up and 59 of them completed the trial. The patients were also divided randomly into two groups. Group A received TXA capsule 250 mg every 12 hours and group B received 4% topical HQ cream day and night. The patients from both groups were treated for 3 months. Melasma Area and Severity Index (MASI) scores were then calculated at the baseline, 4 weeks, and 12 weeks into the treatment and 3 months after the end of intervention. Results. MASI baseline, 4 weeks,12 weeks, and 24 weeks in TXA group were 21.66, 13.69, 9.10, 9.24$$$ respectively. Reduction of MASI between baseline and 4 weeks was statistically significant. Such a decreasing trend in MASI scores between baseline and 12 weeks was also reported as statistically significant (p=0.001). In the HQ group, MASI baseline,4 weeks, 12 weeks, and 24 weeks were 21.46, 13.57, 10.93, 11.20$$$ respectively. Reduction of MASI scores between baseline and 4 weeks was statistically significant. Moreover, a decline in MASI scores was observed between baseline and 12 weeks that was statistically significant (p=0.001). Considering both groups MASI scores were reduced but the difference between two study groups was not statistically significant (p=0.98). Conclusion. The efficacy of TXA and HQ was the same and both could significantly reduce MASI scores.
Cryosurgery followed by imiquimod 3.75% to treat actinic keratosis$$$ Actinic keratosis (AK) treatments can be divided into lesion‐directed versus field‐directed and provider‐administered and patient‐administered treatments. Cryosurgery allows physicians the ability to tailor the treatment based on individual lesion characteristics, such as the degree of hypertrophy or hyperkeratosis. However, as a lesion‐directed therapy, cryosurgery fails to address the issue of “field cancerization” associated with ultraviolet radiation (UVR) damage. Imiquimod is a field‐directed therapy that treats both visible and subclinical AK lesions. Therefore, sequential therapy of cryosurgery followed by imiquimod could enhance overall AK lesion clearance. The purpose of this study was to evaluate cryosurgery followed by 3.75% imiquimod cream to treat actinic keratoses. Adults with>10 actinic keratoses on the face underwent cryosurgery of 5 to 14 lesions. Subjects with >5 lesions remaining after 1 to 2 weeks were randomized to 3.75% imiquimod or placebo cream applied to the entire face daily for two 2‐week cycles. Efficacy was assessed through week 26. Of the 247 randomized subjects (mean baseline AK lesion count, 16.0$$$ mean cryosurgery‐treated lesions, 6.6), 112 of 126 (88.9%) cryosurgery/3.75% imiquimod and 111 of 121 (91.7%) cryosurgery/placebo subjects completed the study. For the cryosurgery/3.75% imiquimod and cryosurgery/placebo groups, respectively, median total lesion reductions from baseline were 86.5% and 50.0%, and proportions of subjects with complete clearance were 30.2% and 3.3% (P < .0001, both). When analyzing only cryosurgery‐treated lesions, median reductions were 100.0% and 80.0% (P = .0008), and subject complete clearance rates were 59.5% and 29.8% (P <.001), respectively. More subjects had improvements in the global photodamage score in the Cryosurgery/3.75% imiquimod group (51.6%) than the Cryosurgery/placebo group (19.3%, P <.001). Nine subjects discontinued because of adverse events (4 and 5 subjects in the cryosurgery/3.75% imiquimod and cryosurgery/placebo groups, respectively), and only one was considered treatment‐related (cryosurgery/3.75% imiquimod group). Limitations included the fact that cryosurgery was performed per the usual study center practice and not standardized and local skin reactions (eg, erythema) associated with imiquimod may have limited concealment of the treatment arms. In conclusion, a short, cyclical treatment course of daily 3.75% imiquimod cream following cryosurgery was well tolerated and provided additional therapeutic benefits to cryosurgery alone.
Bowen's Disease: five-year results of treatment with 5-fluorouracil cream, photodynamic therapy and surgical excision$$$ Background/Aim: Surgical excision (SE) and several topical therapies (e.g. photodynamic therapy (PDT), 5‐fluorouracil (5‐FU)) are established treatments for Bowen's disease (BD), but recent guidelines state that none of these treatments is superior. Current literature on the use of non‐invasive therapies for BD is scarce and studies are mostly small scale. This study aimed to evaluate the efficacy of 5‐FU and PDT compared with SE for the treatment of BD. Materials and Methods: Eligible for inclusion were patients with a histologically proven BD in the period from January 2008 until December 2013. Data were retrospectively collected by reviewing patient medical and histological records. Patients treated with 5‐FU, SE or PDT were compared in terms of 5‐year cumulative probability of treatment failure. Results: A total of 841 BD lesions in 608 patients were identified. PDT was used in 450 lesions (53.5%), SE in 288 (34.2%), 5‐FU in 72 (8.6%) and other treatments in 31 (3.7%) lesions. Median follow‐up was18 months (range 0‐87 months). After correction for confounders, the 5‐year probability of treatment failure was twice as high after treatment with 5‐FU (HR 2.22, 95% CI 0.98‐5.04) and PDT (HR 2.71, 95% CI 1.52‐4.83) when compared to SE. Probability of treatment failure in the 5‐FU group was similar to the PDT group (adjusted HR 1.22, 95%CI 0.62‐2.41). Discussion/Conclusion: Our study showed that SE is associated with the lowest 5‐year probability of treatment failure post treatment compared to PDT and 5‐FU. No significant difference in treatment failure between 5‐FU and PDT was found.
Long-term efficacy of topical 5-fluorouracil 5% cream in treating actinic keratosis$$$ Topical 5‐fluorouracil (5‐FU) was previously demonstrated to be effective in reducing the number of actinic keratoses (AK) for up to 6 months, but no randomized trials extended longer despite its widespread use. In this double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial, veterans with two or more previous keratinocyte carcinomas were randomized to apply topical 5‐FU 5% (n=470) or vehicle control cream (n=467) to the face and ears twice daily for 2‐4 weeks. Additional field treatment on the face or ears was not permitted, but spot treatment of individual lesions (mostly cryotherapy) was allowed at the clinician's discretion. Blinded study dermatologists counted AKs on the face and ears at enrollment and every 6 months, and the number of spot AK treatments was recorded at and in between semiannual visits. The mean follow‐up duration was 2.6 years for both groups. There was no difference at baseline between the groups. Compared to the control group, the 5‐FU group after randomization had fewer AKs on the face and ears, higher complete AK clearance rates, fewer spot treatments at and in between semiannual visits, and longer time to the first spot AK treatment (all p‐values <0.001 except for treatments in between visits, where p=0.008). The number of hypertrophic AKs was not different between the two groups overall (p=0.6), although there was a suggestion of fewer hypertrophic AKs in the 5‐FU group at 6 months (p= 0.05). Our results indicate that a single course of 5‐FU effectively reduced AK counts and spot treatments for longer than 2 years.
Treatment of Grade II and III Actinic Keratosis Lesions with a Film-Forming Medical Device Containing Sunscreen/Piroxicam 0.8% and a Retinoic Acid/Glycolic Gel: a Pilot Trial$$$ Introduction: Lesion and field‐targeted treatments of actinic keratosis (AK) are commonly indicated for grade I and II type lesions. Grade III lesions are in general more difficult to treat. A film‐forming medical device containing piroxicam 0.8% and sunscreen (SPF 50+) (PS) has been shown to be effective in the treatment of grade I and II AK lesions. Topical and oral retinoids have been utilized in AK and non‐melanoma skin cancers. Topical glycolic acid promotes keratolysis and stimulates collagen synthesis for repair and skin rejuvenation and could be useful in AK treatment strategies. A gel containing retinoid acid (0.02%) and glycolic acid (4%) (RC) is commercially available. The objective of the study was to evaluate the efficacy and local tolerability of a combined treatment approach with PS and RC in subjects with multiple grade II and III AK lesions. Methods: Twenty‐two subjects (16 males and 6 females$$$ mean age 68 years) with more than five AK lesions were enrolled after obtaining their informed consent in a 3‐month trial. PS cream was applied twice daily every day and RC gel was applied twice daily for 2 consecutive days every week. The primary endpoint was the evolution of the AK mean number from baseline to the end of the trial. Secondary endpoints were the thickness of the target lesion (expressed in mm3) and the erythema score (hemoglobin content), evaluated using a standardized computer‐based image acquisition analysis system (Anthera 3D). Results: At baseline, the mean (SD) lesion number was 7.7 (3) for grade II and 1.4 (1) for grade III AK. At the end of the study, a significant (P = 0.001) reduction was observed for both grade II (− 81%$$$ from 7.7 to 1.5) and grade III (− 22%) lesions. Six grade III lesions out of 31 (20%), presented at baseline, completely disappeared at month 3. For grade III lesions, a significant mean thickness reduction of 51% was observed at month 3. The erythema score (all lesions) was reduced by 70%. Four patients out of 22 (18%) were completely free of AK lesions at month 3. No severe side effects were reported. Conclusion: In this exploratory trial, a combined treatment with a cream containing piroxicam and sunscreen and a retinoic/glycolic gel was associated with a substantial reduction of both grade II and III AK lesions with good local tolerability. Funding: Cantabria Labs Difa Cooper.
The effects of combination perianal-intrarectal lidocaine-prilocaine cream and periprostatic nerve block for pain control during transrectal ultrasound guided biopsy of the prostate: a randomized, controlled trial$$$ PURPOSE: Prostate biopsy for diagnosing cancer can be painful. The efficacy and safety of combination perianal‐intrarectal lidocaine‐prilocaine (PILP) cream and periprostatic nerve block were compared with nerve block alone during transrectal ultrasound guided prostate biopsy (TRUS‐Bx). MATERIALS AND METHODS: From October 2007 to August 2009, 74 men undergoing a transrectal prostate biopsy were randomized into two groups. In group 1, 36 patients received a combination of PILP cream and a periprostatic nerve block$$$ and in group 2, 38 patients received lubricant jelly and a periprostatic nerve block. Thirty minutes later, the TRUS‐Bx was performed. Pain was evaluated by a 10‐point visual analogue scale (VAS) after the biopsy. RESULTS: Patients in group 1 showed a significantly lower VAS score than patients in group 2 (mean score 2.22+/‐0.89 vs. 3.02+/‐1.15, p<0.001). In addition, there was a difference in the number of patients that had a pain score of three or more, 44% in group 1, and 65% in group 2. The overall complication rate was similar in both groups (p=0.45). CONCLUSIONS: A combination of PILP cream and periprostatic nerve block reduced pain compared to the periprostatic nerve block alone. This safe, simple technique can be considered prior to TRUS‐Bx to reduce patient discomfort.
Topical 5%imiquimod cream for vulvar paget disease: study protocol$$$ Objective: Vulvar Paget disease (VPD) is a rare skin disorder that occurs most commonly in postmenopausal Caucasian women. It is characterized by an erythematous, scaling lesion with histological evidence of typical Paget cells. Ever since the first case presentation, surgery has been the treatment of choice. Because of the difficulty to obtain clear surgical margins, high recurrence rates, and complications of multiple extensive surgeries, other treatment options have been investigated. During the last decade, case reports and small case series are published, introducing topical 5% imiquimod cream as a new treatment modality. However, these studies used various treatment schedules. We therefore aim to investigate the efficacy of topical 5%imiquimod creamforVPD in a controlled trial. Study design: This multi‐center, observational, open‐label single‐arm study includes seven tertiary referral hospitals in the Netherlands. We aim to include twenty patients with (recurrent) non‐invasive VPD. Patients will be treated with topical 5%imiquimod cream 3 times aweek during 16 weeks. The primary outcome is the clinical efficacy, defined as: reduction in lesion size 12 weeks after treatment. Secondary outcomes are safety, immunological response, and quality of life. All adverse events will be reported, including tolerability of treatment, to assess the safety. The immunological response will be evaluated in biopsy samples taken before, during and after treatment. The quality of life will be assessed with 3 different questionnaires taken before, during and after treatment. Results: We have included 8 patients in this trial and expect to complete enrolment in the summer of 2017. Conclusion: The Paget Trial is a multi‐centre study investigating the efficacy of topical 5% imiquimod cream for vulvar Paget disease with a standardized treatment schedule.
Error in Units of Measure Reported In Methods Section of the Text$$$ Error in Units of Measure Reported InMethods Section of the Text: The Original Investigation titled "Vaginal Testosterone Cream vs Estradiol Vaginal Ring for Vaginal Dryness or Decreased Libido inWomenReceiving Aromatase Inhibitors for Early‐Stage Breast Cancer: A Randomized Clinical Trial,"1 published in March 2017, contained an error in units of measure reported in the Treatment subsection of the Methods section of the text. The correct units are grams, and the corrected sentence reads "Patientswere instructed to insert0.5 g of cream vaginally using a calibrated applicator daily for 2weeks, then0.5 g 3 times aweek for the remaining 10 weeks." This article has been corrected online.
Therapeutic Effect of Anti-Inflammatory Tripeptide Cream in Hand-Foot Syndrome/Skin Reaction Related to Anticancer Drugs: a Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Pilot Trial$$$ Purpose: Hand‐foot syndrome (HFS) and hand‐foot skin reaction (HFSR) are relatively common toxicities that interfere with the quality of life (QoL) of patients with cancer. Anti‐inflammatory tripeptide cream (ATPC) is a complex formulation of anti‐inflammatory tripeptides, the CD99‐agonist BinterinTM and the Wnt‐antagonist WinhibinTM. The present study aimed to assess the therapeutic effects of ATPC in HFS/HFSR associated with anticancer drugs. Materials and Methods: This was a single‐center, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial. Patients who developed grade 1 HFS/HFSR after systemic anticancer treatments were enrolled, and randomly assigned to receive either ATPC or placebo cream (PC) and followed up at 3‐week intervals for up to nine weeks. Primary endpoint was the development of grade ≥ 2 HFS/HFSR. Results: Between April 2019 and July 2022, 60 patients (31 in the ATPC and 29 in the PC group) completed the study. The incidence of grade ≥ 2 HFS/HFSR was significantly lower in the ATPC than in the PC group (25.8% vs. 51.7%, p=0.039). The ATPC showed trends towards a better QoL score, assessed by a HFSR and QoL questionnaire at 9 weeks (26.0 vs. 29.9, p=0.574), and a lower frequency of discontinuation, interruption, or dose reduction of anticancer drugs (51.6% vs. 58.6%, p=0.586) than the PC group over 9 weeks, though without statistical significance. Conclusion: Our results showed that ATPC significantly decreased the development of grade ≥ 2 HFS/HFSR in patients already with HFS/HFSR. Therefore, ATPC may be an effective treatment for HFS/HFSR associated with anticancer drugs.
Long-term follow-up results of a pilot study for nodular basal cell carcinoma with PDT using partial home treatment protocol$$$ Significance: Evaluate a photodynamic therapy (PDT) protocol with less time at the hospital and less painful for low‐risk basal cell carcinoma (BCC) treatment. Approach: Eight BCCs were selected, debulked, and received 20% methyl aminolevulinate cream. After 3h, the first irradiation was performed at the hospital (20min, 150J/cm2). Then, the cream was re‐applied, a portable irradiation prototype was fixed into the lesion. After 1.5h, the patients turned on the prototype for irradiation (2h, 312J/cm2) at home. Disease‐free survival rate and pain score during irradiations were evaluated. Results: The clearance at 30 days after PDT was 87.5% by histological analysis. The mean follow‐up was 21.5 months and the recurrence‐free survival at 22 months was 75%. The pain score was significantly lower at home. Conclusions: A less painful and more comfortable PDT treatment protocol was proved long‐term efficient. A randomized clinical trial has been conducted to confirm these results.
Topical Cannabidiol for Established Chemotherapy-Induced Neuropathy: a Pilot Randomized Placebo-Controlled Trial$$$ Background: Patients have been known to use cannabinoids for treating established chemotherapy‐induced peripheral neuropathy (CIPN) based on anecdotal information and retrospective reports suggesting that such might be beneficial. In response, a double‐blinded, placebo‐controlled, randomized, pilot clinical trial was developed to evaluate whether resultant data would support a phase III trial for testing whether a cannabidiol (CBD) cream might improve CIPN. Methods: Forty patients with established CIPN were randomized, in a double‐blinded manner, to topical CBD or a placebo cream. The study product was applied for 2 weeks, followed by a crossover for 2 weeks. Neuropathy was evaluated using the European Organization of Research and Treatment of Cancer (EORTC)‐CIPN20, the Chemotherapy‐Induced Peripheral Neuropathy Assessment Tool, and the Global Impression of Change instruments. Side effects were recorded by symptom diaries. Results: The EORTC‐CIPN20 scores were similar in the patients receiving CBD versus the placebo. Likewise, the toxicity scores were similar in patients who received the CBD versus the placebo. Conclusions: This pilot trial did not support that the studied CBD isolate cream improved painful established CIPN. It was well tolerated overall. Clinical Trial Registration Number: NCT05388058
Effect of milk protein intake and casein-to-whey ratio in breakfast meals on postprandial glucose, satiety ratings, and subsequent meal intake$$$ Whey and casein proteins differentially affect postprandial blood glucose and satiety mechanisms, with relevance for type 2 diabetes and obesity. Therefore, the purpose of this work was to investigate the effect of the casein‐to‐whey protein ratio and total protein concentration of milks consumed with cereal on postprandial blood glucose, appetite ratings, and subsequent food intake in a randomized, controlled, double‐blinded study with healthy young adults (n = 32, 23.4 ± 3.1 yr, body mass index = 22.2 ± 2.5 kg/m2). Fasted participants consumed milk (250 mL) with either 80:20 or 40:60 (modified) casein‐to‐whey protein ratios at commercially normal (3.1%, wt) or high protein (9.3%, wt) concentration, or control (water with whey permeate), each along with 2 servings of oat‐based breakfast cereal. Blood glucose concentrations were determined from finger prick blood samples and appetite was assessed using visual analog scales. Participants consumed a measured ad libitum pizza lunch at 120 min and blood glucose determination and appetite assessment continued following the lunch meal (140‐200 min) to observe the second meal effect. Pre‐lunch (0‐120 min) incremental area under the curve (iAUC) and mean change from baseline blood glucose were reduced with consumption of all milk treatments relative to control. However, we found no differences between all treatments on pre‐lunch appetite change from baseline and total area under the curve (tAUC) or lunch meal food intake. In terms of protein concentration results, high protein (9.3%, wt) treatments contrasted to normal protein (3.1%, wt) treatments lowered blood glucose change from baseline and iAUC, and post‐lunch appetite change from baseline and tAUC. Protein ratio showed a modest effect in that modified (40:60) protein ratio lowered pre‐lunch blood glucose change from baseline but not iAUC, and normal (80:20) protein ratio lowered pre‐lunch appetite change from baseline but not tAUC. Therefore, high‐carbohydrate breakfast meals with increased protein concentration (9.3%, wt) could be a dietary strategy for the attenuation of blood glucose and improved satiety ratings after the second meal.
Benefit of a topical slimming cream in conjunction with dietary advice$$$ The aim of this study was to determine how worthwhile it would be to combine a newly developed topical slimming product with customized dietary habits not based on calorie restriction, so as to improve the cellulite appearance of the skin. At the beginning of the study, a nutritionist recorded the dietary habits of each participant and gave recommendations to each of them according to their food consumption. The chosen methodology was a right/left comparison, one thigh and hip being treated with the new topical slimming product and the other one left untreated to serve as a random control. Objective evaluations were performed by blind assessors. Control of food intake improved the cellulite score after 4 weeks when compared with the base value, but this reduction was significantly greater and earlier on the treated side than on the untreated side, indicating an objective additional benefit derived from the new slimming cream. This result corroborated the slimming effect assessed by measurement in centimetres of the circumference of the upper thighs and the reconstructed volume of the thigh between two fixed horizontal slices. Furthermore, skin tonicity, a major component of cellulite visibility, was also significantly improved on the treated side after only 2 weeks. This new topical cream thus enhances the benefit of a dietetic control for the treatment of the visible aspect of cellulite on the skin.
AN OPEN-LABEL RANDOMIZED CLINICAL STUDY OF TOPICAL NANOPARTICULATE ANTIPSORIATIC POLYHERBAL CREAM$$$ Objective: Objective of the study was to investigate the safety, efficacy, and antipsoriatic activity of topical cream enriched with Nanostructured Lipid Carriers (NLC) of Azadirachta indica, Lawsonia inermis, and Mallotus philippensis through the controlled clinical study. Methods: The randomized controlled trial was performed for 12 months on 65 adult patients between the age group 20 and 60 years of either sex of diagnosed, uncomplicated cases of psoriasis Vulgaris. The Test group received a local application of the herbal antipsoriatic NLC enriched cream, while the Control group was treated with Clobetasol propionate 0.05% cream twice daily for 3 months. Both groups were assessed for parameters of skin and nail examinations, lab investigation, and Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) score. The data were analyzed and interpreted statistically. Results: Significant improvement in itching and PASI score was seen during successive visits in both groups. However, recurrence of mild itching and erythema in a few patients of the control group was seen after 2 weeks, whereas no such recurrence is seen in the test group. Statistically significant reduction in eosinophilia in the control group was observed before and after treatment. The efficacy of clobetasol in the control group and the prepared formulation in the test group both show statistical efficacy at par. Conclusion: The data suggest that the NLC enriched cream exhibited significant relief in all the symptoms of psoriasis and therefore can be used as a potent antipsoriatic agent due to the easy availability of the drugs and cultural affinity for herbal formulations.
Spectral analysis of heart rate variability and pulmonary responses to topical applications of 2% aminophylline-based thigh cream$$$ OBJECTIVE: Noninvasive assessment of the immediate and delayed cardiopulmonary response to a 2% aminophylline‐based topical thigh reducing cream. DESIGN: Prospective, double‐blind, randomized, counterbalanced study with application of: no cream (NC), placebo cream (PC) or 2% aminophylline cream (AC). SUBJECTS: Nine healthy women (aged: 23+/‐3 y$$$ weight: 58+/‐3 kg$$$ height: 165+/‐7 cm$$$ body fat: 19+/‐6%$$$ estimated maximal aerobic fitness VO2max): 40+/‐4 ml/kg/min). MEASUREMENTS: Medical history, skin patch test, skinfolds, YMCA submaximal cycle ergometry test, psychological evaluations (POMS and Speilberger STAI‐1). Pulmonary function and spectral analysis on heart rate variability, measured immediately post‐and 4 h post‐treatment, on three separate days within a three‐week period. RESULTS: Pulmonary function did not change. The averaged R‐R interval (ms) was significantly lower for the immediate post AC treatment, but returned to baseline in 4 h. CONCLUSION: Application of a 2% aminophylline‐based thigh cream does not affect pulmonary function, however, it may cause a temporary, transient reduction in the averaged R‐R interval.
Eating slowly increases the postprandial response of the anorexigenic gut hormones, peptide YY and glucagon-like peptide-1$$$ CONTEXT: The rate at which people eat has been suggested to be positively associated with obesity, although appetite and related gut hormones have not been measured. The objective of the study was to determine whether eating the same meal at varying speeds elicits different postprandial gut peptide responses. DESIGN AND SETTING: This was a crossover study at a clinical research facility. STUDY PARTICIPANTS: Seventeen healthy adult male volunteers participated in the study. INTERVENTION: A test meal consisting of 300 ml ice cream (675 kcal) was consumed in random order on two different sessions by each subject: meal duration took either 5 or 30 min. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The postprandial response of the orexigenic hormone ghrelin and the anorexigenic peptides peptide YY and glucagon‐like peptide‐1 over 210 min was assessed. Visual analog scales for the subjective feelings of hunger and fullness were completed throughout each session. RESULTS: Peptide YY area under the curve (AUC) was higher after the 30‐min meal than after the 5‐min meal (mean +/‐ sem AUC 5 min meal: 4133 +/‐ 324, AUC 30 min meal: 5250 +/‐ 330 pmol/liter . min, P = 0.004), as was glucagon‐like peptide‐1 AUC (mean +/‐ sem AUC 5 min meal: 6219 +/‐ 256, AUC 30 min meal: 8794 +/‐ 656 pmol/liter . min, P = 0.001). There was a trend for higher visual analog scale fullness ratings immediately after the end of the 30‐min meal compared with immediately after the 5‐min meal. There were no differences in ghrelin response. CONCLUSIONS: Eating at a physiologically moderate pace leads to a more pronounced anorexigenic gut peptide response than eating very fast.
Limiting variety in non-nutrient-dense, energy-dense foods during a lifestyle intervention: a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Dietary variety is a factor that influences consumption but has received little attention in obesity treatment. OBJECTIVE: This study examined the effect of limiting the variety of different non‐nutrient‐dense, energy‐dense foods (NND‐EDFs) (i.e., chips, ice cream, cookies) on dietary intake and weight loss during an 18‐mo lifestyle intervention. DESIGN: Two hundred two adults aged 51.3 ± 9.5 y with a BMI (in kg/m2) of 34.9 ± 4.3 (57.8% women, 92.2% white) were randomly assigned to 1 of 2 interventions: Lifestyle (1200‐1500 kcal/d, ≤30% of energy as fat$$$ n = 101) or Lifestyle + limited variety (LV) (limit variety of NND‐EDFs, i.e., 2 choices$$$ n = 101). Both interventions involved 48 group sessions. Dietary intake, NND‐EDF hedonics, NND‐EDF variety in the home, and weight were assessed at 0, 6, 12, and 18 mo. RESULTS: Intent‐to‐treat analyses showed that the Lifestyle+LV group consumed less variety (P < 0.01) and energy daily (P < 0.05) from NND‐EDFs than did the Lifestyle group at 6, 12, and 18 mo. The Lifestyle+LV group consumed less total energy daily (P < 0.05) at 6 mo than did the Lifestyle group. The Lifestyle+LV group reported less (P < 0.05) NND‐EDF variety in the home at 6 and 18 mo than did the Lifestyle group. The hedonics of one chosen NND‐EDF decreased more (P < 0.05) in the Lifestyle+LV group. Despite these effects, no difference in percentage weight loss occurred at 18 mo (Lifestyle+LV: ‐9.9 ± 7.6%$$$ Lifestyle: ‐9.6 ± 9.2%). CONCLUSIONS: Limitations in dietary variety decreased intakes in the targeted area but did not affect weight loss. Limiting variety in more areas may be needed to improve weight loss and weight‐loss maintenance. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01096719.
Elearning approaches to prevent weight gain in young adults: a randomized controlled study$$$ Objective Preventing obesity among young adults should be a preferred public health approach given the limited efficacy of treatment interventions. This study examined whether weight gain can be prevented by online approaches using two different behavioral models, one overtly directed at obesity and the other covertly. Methods A three‐group parallel randomized controlled intervention was conducted in 2012‐2013$$$ 20,975 young adults were allocated a priori to one control and two "treatment" groups. Two treatment groups were offered online courses over 19 weeks on (1) personal weight control ("Not the Ice Cream Van," NTICV) and, (2) political, environmental, and social issues around food ("Goddess Demetra," "GD"). Control group received no contact. The primary outcome was weight change over 40 weeks. Results Within‐group 40‐week weight changes were different between groups (P < 0.001): Control (n = 2,134): +2.0 kg (95% CI = 1.5, 2.3 kg)$$$ NTICV (n = 1,810): ‐1.0 kg (95% CI = ‐1.3, ‐0.5)$$$ and GD (n = 2,057): ‐1.35 kg (95% CI = ‐1.4 to ‐0.7). Relative risks for weight gain vs. control: NTICV = 0.13 kg (95% CI = 0.10, 0.15), P < 0.0001$$$ GD = 0.07 kg (95% CI = 0.05, 0.10), P < 0.0001. Conclusions Both interventions were associated with prevention of the weight gain observed among control subjects. This low‐cost intervention could be widely transferable as one tool against the obesity epidemic. Outside the randomized controlled trial setting, it could be enhanced using supporting advertising and social media.
Comparison of efficacy of hydroquinone versus hydroquinone plus tretinoin plus topical steroids in patients with melasma$$$ Background: Melasma is an acquired pigmentary disorder characterized by symmetrical hyperpigmentation of the face. Treatment of melasma is unsatisfactory most of the times and comes with various side effects such as contact dermatitis, irritation and scarring. Objective: To compare efficacy of hydroquinone versus hydroquinone plus tretinoin plus topical steroids in patients with melasma. Methods: This randomized Controlled Trial was conducted in Department of Dermatology, Nishtar Medical University, Multan from 15thFebruary 2019 to 15thAugust 2019. A total of 114 patients were divided in two groups, Group A, having 57 patients, was treated with hydroquinone cream once daily at bed time while group B, having 57 patients, was treated with combination therapy. Baseline and post‐treatment MASI scores were calculated and patients were assessed weekly till 12 weeks and the efficacy of the treatment was documented. Efficacy was measured in terms of at least 50% reduction of MASI score after 12 weeks of therapy, compared with baseline MASI score. Results: This study comprised of a total of 114 patients meeting our inclusion criteria. Of these 114, 37 (32.5%) were male patients while 77 (67.5%) were female patients. Mean age in this study was 27.22±5.08 years. Mean age of the male patients was noted to be 27.89±4.53 years while that female patients was 26.90±5.32 years (p=0.330). Majority of the study cases i.e. 81 (71.1%) were aged up to 30 years. Of these 114 study cases, 43 (37.7%) belonged to rural areas and 71 (62.3%) belonged to urban areas. Fitzpatrick skin type III was noted in 78 (68.4%) and type IV in 36 (31.6%). Mean body mass index of our study cases was 25.68±2.59 kg/m2 and obesity was present in 11 (9.6 %) of our study cases. Mean disease duration was 10.29±8.23 months and 82 (71.9%) had duration of illness up to 1 year. Of these 114 study cases, 46 (40.6%) were illiterate and 68 (59.6%) were literate. Efficacy was noted in 75 (65.8%) of our study cases, Efficacy in group A was 49.1% while in group B, efficacy was noted in 82.5%. Conclusion: Combination therapy with hydroquinone plus tretinoin plus topical steroids is more effective, reliable and safe in treatment of melasma as compared with hydroquinone alone and it provides rapid and sustained clinical improvement in the treatment of melasma.
School-based intervention to enable school children to act as change agents on weight, physical activity and diet of their mothers: a cluster randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: School health promotion has been shown to improve the lifestyle of students, but it remains unclear whether school‐based programs can influence family health. We developed an innovative program that enables school children to act as change agents in promoting healthy lifestyles of their mothers. The objective of this study was to examine the effect of the child‐initiated intervention on weight, physical activity and dietary habit of their mothers. METHODS: A 12‐month cluster randomized trial was conducted, with school as a cluster. Participants were mothers with grade 8 students, aged around 13 years, of 20 schools in Homagama, Sri Lanka. Students of the intervention group were trained by facilitators to acquire the ability to assess noncommunicable disease risk factors in their homes and take action to address them, whereas those of the comparison group received no intervention. Body weight, step count and lifestyle of their mothers were assessed at baseline and post‐intervention. Multi‐level multivariable linear regression and logistic regression were used to assess the effects of intervention on continuous and binary outcomes, respectively. RESULTS: Of 308 study participants, 261 completed the final assessment at 12 month. There was a significantly greater decrease of weight and increase of physical activity in the intervention group. The mean (95% confidence interval) difference comparing the intervention group with the control group was ‐2.49 (‐3.38 to ‐1.60) kg for weight and ‐0.99 (‐1.40 to ‐0.58) kg/m(2) for body mass index. The intervention group had a 3.25 (95% confidence interval 1.87‐5.62) times higher odds of engaging in adequate physical activity than the control group, and the former showed a greater number of steps than the latter after intervention. The intervention group showed a greater reduction of household purchase of biscuits and ice cream. CONCLUSIONS: A program to motivate students to act as change agents of family's lifestyle was effective in decreasing weight and increasing physical activity of their mothers. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Sri Lanka Clinical Trials Registry SLCTR/2013/011 .
Cookie or clementine? Psychophysiological stress reactivity and recovery after eating healthy and unhealthy comfort foods$$$ Many people eat unhealthy foods that are high in calories, fat, or sugar when feeling stressed, yet little is known about whether this unhealthy comfort eating actually comforts. Additionally, prior research has not tested whether healthy comfort eating of fruits and vegetables might also alleviate stress, or whether comfort eating during the stress anticipation phase versus immediately after a stressful event is more beneficial for stress relief. The present experiment tested whether unhealthy and healthy comfort eating reduce acute psychophysiological responses to a socially evaluative stressor. Participants (N = 150 healthy women)underwent the Trier Social Stress Test in the lab and were randomly assigned to one of five conditions according to a 2 (food type: unhealthy vs. healthy)x 2 (eating timing: during stress anticipation vs. after the stressor)+ 1 (no food control)between‐subjects design. Stress outcomes included mood, cognitive appraisals, rumination, salivary cortisol, heart rate variability, and pre‐ejection period. Unhealthy and healthy comfort eating did not dampen reactivity or enhance recovery of psychophysiological stress compared to control, and no differences in reactivity or recovery were found by comfort food type. Findings suggest that by replacing unhealthy comfort foods with fruits and vegetables, women will not be sacrificing any stress‐reducing benefits and can inherently improve the quality of their diet while avoiding potential drawbacks of unhealthy comfort eating (e.g., links with abdominal obesity).
Counterregulatory eating behavior in multiple item test meals$$$ Restrained eaters have been shown to disinhibit their eating when under stressful situations. However, the majority of laboratory studies that have demonstrated this effect utilized a single test food, typically ice cream. There is a lack of research investigating if this interaction is still evident when multiple foods are offered, and if so, the food choices that restrained and non‐restrained eaters make when under stressful situations. The present study examined the impact of stress on food choices in individuals with varying degrees of restraint. Several classes of foods were offered (i.e., high fat/high sugar$$$ low fat/high sugar$$$ high fat/low sugar$$$ low fat/low sugar). A total of 153 females were randomly assigned to either a stress or no‐stress situation, and then both groups participated in a taste test. There was no significant difference in total amount of consumption between restrained and non‐restrained eaters when under stress. However, further analyses found that restrained eaters under stress consumed more potato chips than those who were not under stress. Findings are discussed in terms of possible limitations of the stress‐induced eating paradigm for restrained eaters.
The Influence of Nutritional Status on acetaminophen metabolism in healthy subjects$$$ Background: Animal studies have shown that fasting and obesity are predisposing factors for acetaminophen‐induced hepatotoxicity. Fasting can decrease nontoxic clearance of acetaminophen by UDPglucuronosyltransferases (UGT1A1, UGT1A6) and sulfotranserases resulting in increased formation of the toxic metabolite N‐acetyl‐pbenzoquinone imine (NAPQI), whereas obesity can increase NAPQIformation by induction of hepatic CYP2E1. We investigated the effect of short‐term fasting and a short‐term high‐fat diet on acetaminophen metabolism in healthy subjects. Furthermore, changes in UGT1A1‐ mediated metabolism were studied by using unconjugated bilirubin, metabolised by UGT1A1, as a proxy. Materials and Methods: Nine healthy male subjects were enrolled in a crossover intervention study. Subjects received a single oral administration of 1000mg acetaminophen after an overnight fast following 3 interventions: (1) regular diet (control), (2) 36 hours of starvation and (3) 3 days of a high‐fat diet consisting of 500 mL of cream supplemented to their regular diet. The sequence of the interventions was randomly assigned. Primary endpoint was the change in acetaminophen exposure defined as the difference in area under the plasma concentration‐time curve (δ AUC0‐8 hours) using noncompartmental analysis. Changes in UGT1A1‐mediated metabolism were investigated by comparing baseline unconjugated (indirect) bilirubin concentrations between the interventions. Results: Short‐term fasting increased acetaminophen exposure by 28.2% (δ AUC0‐8 hours,P = 0.021) and increased unconjugated bilirubin from 8.5 μmol/L (range, 3‐21 μmol/L) to 21.5 μmol/L (range, 10‐56 μmol/L) (P = 0.008) in comparison with control. Short‐term high‐fat diet did not affect acetaminophen exposure (δ AUC0‐8 hours= 0.15%, P = 0.374), but decreased unconjugated bilirubin from 8.5 μmol/L to 4.0 μmol/L (range, 2‐10 μmol/L) (P = 0.013) when compared to the control intervention. Conclusions: Fasting increases acetaminophen exposure and decreases nontoxic UGT1A1‐mediated metabolism in healthy subjects. This may lead to increased hepatotoxicity. A high‐fat diet did not alter acetaminophen exposure but increased UGT1A1‐mediated metabolism.
Effect of macronutrient intake on sirtuin 1 and 7 expression in mononuclear cells of normal subjects$$$ Introduction: Caloric restriction increases life expectancy in yeast, C. elegans and drosophila which has been shown to be mediated by the silence information regulator‐2 (Sir‐2). Members of Sir2 gene family consists of seven mammalian sirtuins (SIRT1‐7). In mammals, their function is still largely unknown. SIRT1 has been the most studied mainly. Unexpectedly, SIRT1 expression in mononuclear cells (MNCs) has been shown to be increased in human obesity and to decrease following caloric restriction and weight loss. SIRT7, on the other hand, is associated with active rRNA genes (rDNA) and histones and increases RNA polymerase I (Pol I)‐mediated transcription. SIRT7 is associated with resistance to stress and it was found to play a protective role and may even have anti‐aging functions. In this study, we hypothesized that SIRT1 expression in MNCs increases while SIRT7 expression decreases following macronutrient intake. Methods: Thirty‐six healthy subjects (Age: 21.4 ± 1.1 years$$$ BMI: 22 ± 1.8 kg/m2) were randomly assigned into three groups (n=12 per group). Each group drank equal calories (300 kcal) of either glucose or lipid (cream) or Whey protein. Each subject served as his own control by drinking 75 mL of water 1 week after or before caloric intake. Blood samples were collected at 0, 1, 2 and 3 hours following caloric or water intake. MNCs were isolated by Ficoll‐Hypaque density gradient separation. SIRT1 and SIRT7 mRNA expressions by MNCs were measured by reverse transcription quantitative real time PCR (RT‐qPCR). Gene expression fold change was calculated using the 2(‐delta delta Ct) method for RT‐qPCR. CD11b mRNA was also quantitated in MNCs by RT‐qPCR as a marker for monocyte differentiation into macrophages to examine any correlation with SIRT1 and SIRT7 expression. Results: Glucose, lipid and protein intake (300 kcal) all induced SIRT1 mRNA expression in MNCs. This increase was significant (P<0.05) only at 2 hrs (21.7 ± 9.5 fold) and 3 hrs (65.1± 37.3) following glucose intake. Lipid intake increased SIRT1 mRNA expression significantly at 1 hr (8.3 ± 10.3 fold), 2 hrs (13.4 ± 6.8 fold), and 3 hrs (17.0 ± 9.3 fold). Similarly, protein intake induced SIRT1 mRNA expression significantly at 1hr (10.3 ± 6.1 fold), 2 hrs (20.3 ± 7.1 fold), and 3 hrs (54.0 ± 27.2 fold). SIRT7 mRNA expression, on the other hand, did not change following macronutrient intake of 300 kcal. Equicaloric intake of either lipid or Whey protein resulted in macrophage differentiation as demonstrated by the increased expression of CD11b pan‐ macrophage marker at 1, 2 and 3 hrs. Glucose intake did not change CD11b mRNA expression by MNC. Conclusions: SIRT1 in humans is influenced by macronutrient intake. Macronutrient intake increases SIRT1 expression in MNCs in circulation. The role in the regulation of aging processes requires further elucidation. Additionally, SIRT7 expression is not influenced by macronutrients intake.
The efficacy and safety of 20% urea cream and 10% urea cream in the treatment of acanthosis nigricans in adolescents, a randomized comparative double-blind study$$$ Background: Acanthosis nigricans is commonly associated with obesity. It is characterized by brown‐black skin thickening on the neck and the flexural areas. This study aimed to assess the efficacy of topical 20% urea cream compared to 10% urea cream in the treatment of acanthosis nigricans in adolescents. Material and Methods: A randomized comparative, double‐blind study was conducted on participants aged 12–18 years with acanthosis nigricans of the neck. Treatment efficacy was assessed via narrowband reflectance spectrophotometer, while the overall success rates at weeks 2, 4, and 8 were evaluated by the investigator‐ and participant‐assessed global evaluation scales. Results: A total of 40 participants with acanthosis nigricans were enrolled and completed the study. Throughout the period of 8 weeks of treatment, 20% urea showed greater improvement of hyperpigmentation compared to 10% urea (p = 0.001), with 22.5 ± 11.9% and 10.7 ± 8.1% improvements, respectively. Findings from the overall global evaluation scales were consistent with the results from the narrowband reflectance spectrophotometer. Treatment with 10% urea and 20% urea was well‐tolerated without any local serious adverse reactions. Conclusion: Urea cream improves neck hyperpigmentation associated with acanthosis nigricans in adolescents, in which the 20% concentration shows superior efficacy to the 10% concentration.
Acute effects of whey protein isolate on cardiovascular risk factors in overweight, post-menopausal women$$$ OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to investigate the acute effects of dietary whey proteins on lipids, glucose and insulin, and resting energy expenditure in overweight and obese post‐menopausal women, a population highly susceptible to cardiovascular disease. METHODS: A three‐way crossover design study was conducted where 20 overweight or obese, post‐menopausal women were randomised to consume either 45 g whey protein isolate, 45 g sodium caseinate or 45 g of a glucose control in conjunction with a breakfast meal. Blood samples were taken for up to 6 h. RESULTS: There was no significant change in postprandial incremental area under the curve (AUC) for total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein, high density lipoprotein, non‐esterified fatty acids, Apo B48, insulin and leptin between groups. However, there was a significant decrease in the appearance of triglycerides (TG) in the blood by 21% and 27% after consuming the whey meal compared to control and casein meals, respectively, as measured by AUC. There was also a significant reduction by 27% and 32% in the AUC for TG:ApoB48 ratio in the whey group compared to the glucose and casein groups, respectively. There was a significantly lower AUC for blood glucose after the consumption of the whey and casein meal compared to glucose meal. CONCLUSION: These findings suggest that a single dose of whey protein can decrease arterial exposure to smaller TG‐enriched lipoprotein particles compared to the glucose and casein meals in the postprandial period in overweight and obese, post‐menopausal women.
Managing foot ulcers in patients with diabetes$$$ Over 1 million people in the UK have diabetes mellitus, of whom around 7‐10% will, at some point, develop a foot ulcer. These ulcers, which in severe cases extend to muscle and bone, are prone to infection and can lead to gangrene and may necessitate amputation. Around 85% of amputations in people with diabetes are preceded by persistent foot ulcers. Here, we review the management of such ulcers.
Evaluation of the efficacy of topical treatment with tetracycline in the prevention of cutaneous loxoscelism$$$ INTERVENTION: /drug effects /drug therapy /therapy A phase III clinical trial will be conducted, with randomization of two groups: 1) number of participants:120 ‐ standard treatment, according to the protocol of the Ministry of Health (oral corticosteroid with prednisone 40 mg/day, for 5 days) associated with placebo (topical vaseline applied from 12/12 h, for 10 days) versus 2) number of participants: 120 ‐ standard treatment associated with topical tetracycline (tetracycline 5% in lanolin cream applied 12/12 h, for 10 days). The choice of vaseline as placebo was due to the fact that it is an inert, non‐absorbed, solution, similar to that of experimental therapy, except that it is a lipophilic solution, since it has already been proven that the use of hydrophilic solution without inhibitor of venom increases tissue diffusion, increasing edema and risk of necrotic lesion. Drug Drug Therapy CONDITION: Brown Recluse Spider Contact with venomous spiders L00‐L99 S00‐T98 Skin Cream Toxic effect of spider venom$$$ Contact with poisonous spiders$$$ Brown Recluse Spider$$$ Cream for the Skin. $$$ Venom of spider $$$ Contact with venomous spiders $$$ Brown Recluse Spider $$$ Skin Cream Venom of spider PRIMARY OUTCOME: Through treatment with topical tetracycline, it is expected to obtain a decrease of the dermonecrotic lesion size, induced by the bite of Loxosceles spider. Through treatment with topical tetracycline, it is expected to obtain the cure of dermonecrotic lesion, induced by the bite of the spider Loxosceles. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Through treatment with topical tetracycline, it is expected to obtain a decrease of in the healing time of the dermonecrotic lesion, induced by the bite of Loxosceles spider. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients who are victims of skin loxoscelism treated in the State of Santa Catarina will be selected and contacted by the health team and the Toxicological Assistance and Information Center (CIATox‐SC) before starting any specific therapy, considering the following diagnostic criteria: Typical cutaneous lesion, characterized by the presence of a livedoid (marmoreal) plate, surrounded by ischemic halo, accompanied or not by perilesional blisters, ecchymosis and / or endemic edema, accompanied or not by systemic manifestations$$$ 2. Atypical cutaneous lesion with suggestive clinical history, excluding other differential diagnoses, with visceral manifestations characterized by hemolysis (to be confirmed by anemia associated with reticulocytosis, elevated bilirubin and LDH), fever, hematuria/hemoglobinuria$$$ 3. Suggestive history, being the spider captured and the genus identified by CIATox‐SC. Sample size Patients will be randomly divided into two
The acute effects of olive oil v cream on postprandial thermogenesis and substrate oxidation in postmenopausal women$$$ The influence of the source of dietary fat on postprandial thermogenesis and substrate oxidation rates, was examined in twelve postmenopausal women aged 57‐73 years, with BMI 21.9‐38.3 kg/m(2). A single blind, randomised, paired comparison of two high‐fat, isoenergetic, mixed test meals was conducted. The major source of fat was either cream (CREAM) or extra virgin olive oil (EVOO). RMR, diet‐induced thermogenesis (DIT) and substrate oxidation rates over 5 h were measured by indirect calorimetry. There were no differences in body weight, RMR, fasting carbohydrate or fat oxidation rates between the two occasions. DIT (EVOO 97 (SD 46) v. CREAM 76 (SD 69) kJ/5 h and EVOO 5.2 (SD 2.5) v. CREAM 4.1 (SD 3.7)% energy) did not differ between the two test meals. The postprandial increase in carbohydrate oxidation rates, relative to their respective fasting values (DeltaCOX), was significantly lower following the EVOO meal (EVOO 10.6 (SD 8.3) v. CREAM 17.5 (SD 10) g/5 h$$$ paired t test, P=0.023), while postprandial fat oxidation rates (DeltaFOX) were significantly higher (EVOO 0.0 (SD 4.4) v. CREAM ‐3.6 (sd 4.0) g/5 h$$$ P=0.028). In the eight obese subjects, however, DIT was significantly higher following the EVOO meal (EVOO 5.1 (SD 2.0) v. CREAM 2.5 (sd 2.9) %$$$ P=0.01). This was accompanied by a significantly lower DeltaCOX (EVOO 10.9 (SD 9.9) v. CREAM 17.3 (SD 10.5) g/5 h$$$ P=0.03) and significantly higher DeltaFOX (EVOO 0.11 (SD 4.4) v. CREAM ‐4.1 (SD 4.5) g/5 h, P=0.034). The present study showed that olive oil significantly promoted postprandial fat oxidation and stimulated DIT in abdominally obese postmenopausal women
Efficacy and safety of a new natural cream versus a classic gel in the treatment of haematoma resulting from mesotherapy or skin bio-stimulation$$$ Aim. Mesotherapy is a treatment to stimulate the repair of mesoderm, connective tissues and adipose tissue affected by cellulitis. Other aesthetic‐cosmetic condition for problems such as fotoaging can be treated with skin bio‐stimulation. Both mesotherapy and skin bio‐stimulation could evidence haematoma on the treated areas. The aim of the study was to evaluate the efficacy and safety of a new cream formulated with natural ingredients :arnica, escina fitosoma, pineapple and bromeline (product A) versus a classic gel: rutosidea, sodium‐calcium‐metilgalattopoliphosphate (product B) for the reabsorption of haematoma resulting from mesotherapy or skin bio‐stimulation treatments. Methods. This was a prospective, open‐label, randomized, comparative and monocenter clinical study in patients affected by panniculopathia edemato fibrosclerotica (PEFS) or fotoaging with evidence of haematoma caused by mesotherapy or skin bio‐stimulation treatments. Patients were treated with product A or with product B three times daily for 12 days. Efficacy and safety were assessed after 6 days of treatment and at the end of therapy. Furthermore the history of haematoma was recorded and a diary was filled out daily by each patient. Results. Twenty‐six female out patients (16 in the product group A and 10 in the product B group) were enrolled. At baseline no significant differences of mean age, kind of treatment, colour of haematoma, spontaneous pain and pain with pressure were registered. The mean size of haematoma was higher in the product B group (2.03 cm) than in the product A group (1.26 cm) while nodules were noticed in more patients (62.5%) treated with product A than in patients of the other group (40%). Haematoma was observed mainly on the face (50% and 40% in the product A and product B respectively) and on trochanteric area, internal surface of the knee, neck and ankle. Product A promoted reabsorption of haematoma and relief of pain within six days of treatment. Some improvements of haematoma and pain were in favour of a better efficacy of product A. Haematoma dimension disappeared significantly in more patients of product A group (56.2% vs 10%) after 6 days of treatment and in the other cases the induction in patients of the product A group was 76.6% in comparison with 58.1% in the product B group. Also the injured area cleared in more patients treated with product A (50% vs 10%) at 6 days and the difference was statistically significant. Patients of product A recovered more rapidly than the product B ones. In most part of patients (80%) discoloration of haematoma was registered within 4 days in the product A group and after 4 days in the other group. Nodules disappeared in all patients of both groups within 5 or 6 days of treatment. The relief of pain was observed within 4 or 5 days of treatment in the product A and product B groups respectively. No adverse events were noticed in any patient. Global physician's and patient's assessment were good in 56.2% and excellent in 43.8% of patients of product A group. Conclusion. Product A showed good efficacy and safety and appeared to be an effective and well tolerated alternative to product B for the reabsorption of haematoma resulting from mesotherapy or skin bio‐stimulation and its activity hastened the cure of the disease.
What are the parameters for predictive selection of patients requiring anesthesia for extracorporeal shockwave lithotripsy?$$$ OBJECTIVE: Additional anesthesia is required to minimize the tolerable pain level in efficiently performed extracorporeal shockwave lithotripsy (ESWL) with electrohydraulic and electromagnetic sources. In order to assess optimum anesthesia for each patient undergoing a standardized ESWL protocol, pain measurement and scoring were carried out. We attempted to determine the individual type and amount of analgesia prior to treatment. METHODS: Patients (n = 95) with urolithiasis underwent pain measurement and scoring prior to ESWL. 'Threshold of pain' (TP) and 'maximal tolerable pain (MTP) were assessed by inducing ischemia pain with the submaximum effort tourniquet technique. Pain intensity was assessed by a verbal rating scale (VRS). The results of pain measurement and amount of analgosedation were correlated in two phases. Patients were administered an oral premedication of 0.1 mg/kg midazolam. Phase 1: 60 patients were randomized into three groups: (1) piritramide (0.1‐0.3 mg/kg) and midazolam (1‐3 mg) i.v. (2) Lidocaine/prilocaine cream topically (30 g) to skin and diclofenac supp. 100 mg. (3) No analgesia. Phase 2: Based on the data of phase 1, cut‐off points for TP and MTP were set for female and male patients. In accordance with these results, 35 patients comprised group 1 for anesthesia with piritramide/midazolam, group 2 with lidocaine/prilocaine cream and diclofenac supp. and group 3 for no analgesia at all. The electromagnetic shockwave sources Modulith SLX and Lithostar Plus were utilized. RESULTS: Phase 1: All patients randomized for group 1 (intravenous analgosedation) were treated in accordance with the protocol. 65% of group 2 (cream/suppository) tolerated treatment as planned. 35% of patients selected for ESWL without analgesia (group 3) remained within this group. Patients requiring additional analgosedation displayed lower TP and MTP. The cut‐off points for females and males were TP >/=25/35 s and MTP >/=45/60 s, respectively. Phase 2: 20/35 patients were preselected for a nonintravenous protocol. Five out of these 20 violated the protocol. The rate of additionally administered analgesia was lower than in phase 1: 35:10% in group 2 (cream/supp.), 65:40% in group 3 (no analgesia). CONCLUSIONS: The TP and MTP levels are lower in patients requiring stronger analgesia. The determined parameters are suitable for patient preselection and individual assessment of anesthesia prior to ESWL. It may be assumed that 50% of patients administered intravenous opioids are overtreated. Routine pain measurement for patient depends on the individual pain tolerance level. A third phase of this study recruiting a large number of patients will contribute to the confirmation of these results.
Outcome Of 0.2% Glyceryltrinitrate Cream Versus 2% Diltiazem Cream In The Treatment Of Chronic Anal Fissure$$$ BACKGROUND: Anal fissure is a linear tear in the distal anal canal resulting from persistent hypertonia and spasm of the internal sphincter which results in mucosal ischemia. We have conducted a study in order to compare the outcome of 0.2% glyceryl trinitrate cream versus 2% diltiazem cream in the treatment of chronic anal fissure. METHODS: This randomized controlled trial (RCT) was carried out in the Department of Surgical "B" unit, at Ayub Teaching Hospital, Abbottabad, Pakistan from 15th June 2012 to 15th May 2015. One hundred and eighty‐four patients who visited the outpatient department for the treatment of chronic anal fissure were included in the study. They were divided into two groups with 92 patients in each group. Patients in group "A" included those patients receiving topical glyceryl trinitrate and group "B" patients were those receiving topical diltiazem cream. RESULTS: Out of 184 patients 66.3% were males, 33.7% were females. Mean age of the patients was 43.84±7.976 and mean duration of symptoms was 10.55±2.524. Overall outcome in terms of healing was 71.2%, among which 80.4% were from diltiazem group while 62% in glyceryl trinitrate group. Complete relief of pain was observed in 67.9%, 26.1% complained of mild pain and 5.4% complained of moderate pain. Only one patient in glyceryl trinitrate group complained with severe pain with no healing after one month of follow up. No statistical association was found between healing outcome and gender as well as age of the patients (p>0.05) although an association was found between healing outcome and duration of symptoms (p<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: This study shows that diltiazem has better outcome in terms of healing of chronic anal fissure and reductions in symptoms, i.e., pain compared with glyceryl trinitrate.
Estrogen/gestagen therapy changes soft tissue body composition in postmenopausal women$$$ The long‐term effect of percutaneous and oral estrogen replacement therapy on soft tissue body composition was examined in a two‐year, placebo‐controlled study with 110 early postmenopausal women. The women were allocated to four treatment groups: (1) oral cyclical combination of estradiol valerate and cyproterone acetate, (2) oral placebo, (3) percutaneous 17 beta‐estradiol, supplemented by oral progesterone during the second year, or (4) percutaneous placebo cream. Total‐body lean body mass (LBM) and fat mass (FM) were measured by dual photon (153Gd) absorptiometry once a year, and the fat layer in the distal forearm (FATarm) was measured every 3 months by single photon (125I) absorptiometry. Both hormone therapies prevented an increase in FATarm, as observed in the placebo groups. A similar pattern was seen for FM, body weight, and skin‐fold thickness (measured once a year by mechanical calipers), whereas LBM was unaffected by the therapy. Hormonal replacement therapy prevents the age‐related increase in body fat observed after the menopause.
A Pilot Study of Special Drug Delivering Fabric's Effect on Cellulite Reduction$$$ BACKGROUND: The purpose of this study was to assess the reduction effect of cellulite among obese women who wore the slimming garment made of special drug delivering fabric. METHODS: A total of 14 women aged 20 to 50 years whose thigh circumference was above 50 centimeters were randomly divided into two groups (test group: 7, control group: 7). Both groups participated in an 8‐week study. The test group subjects wore the slimming garment made of special drug delivering fabric after applying slimming cream twice a day. On the other hand, the control group subjects wore an identical looking garment which did not contain the special fabric. Thigh circumference, thickness of subcutaneous fat, weight and body mass index (BMI) of subjects were measured. Also, self reported questionnaires were used to assess the efficacy and safety of the test product. RESULTS: Test group subjects showed a significant decrease in circumference and thickness of thigh compared with control group subjects. Subjects were satisfied with the effect of cellulite reduction and no adverse effects were observed. CONCLUSION: Our study showed that the slimming garment made of a special drug delivering fabric is useful for cellulite reduction without skin irritation. [By kind permission, KoreaMed, Korean Association of Medical Journal Editors.]
Botulinum toxin versus botulinum toxin with low-dose glyceryltrinitrate for healing of chronic anal fissure: a prospective, randomised trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Chronic anal fissure (CAF) is perpetuated by high sphincter pressures and secondary local ischemia. Pharmacological approaches include topical nitrates and botulinum toxin (BT), which both help to decrease the sphincter pressure. AIMS & OBJECTIVES: The aims of the present study were to assess the efficacy and safety of BT injection and combined treatment with BT injection and lowered dose glyceryltrinitrate (GTN) cream for the treatment of CAF. We hypothesised that combined treatment would have a synergistic effect on healing. METHODS: Forty‐one consecutive patients with CAF were randomly assigned to receive one of the following treatments: Group A, injection of BT (20 U into internal anal sphincter) and Group B, BT injection (20 units) and subsequent thrice daily topical applications of half‐dose 0.2% GTN cream for 6 weeks. Patients were followed up at 6 and 12 weeks and were assessed for healing of anal fissure, by means of visual inspection using fissure grades$$$ for faecal incontinence, using Cleveland Clinic incontinence scores$$$ and for fissure pain and headache using a numeric pain rating scale. RESULTS: Fissure healing was similar in the two groups at both 6 (30% in BT and GTN and 33% in BT only) and 12 weeks (50% in BT and GTN vs 57% in BT‐only group). Neither the change in pain score from 6 to 12 weeks, nor the overall level of pain was significantly different in the 2 groups. Moderate or severe headaches were suffered by 58% of patients using GTN. CONCLUSION: Single‐agent treatment by means of BT injection alone was well tolerated compared with combination treatment with BT injection and GTN cream, with no significant differences in healing of CAF observed in this small study.
Glycyrrhetinic acid, the active principle of licorice, can reduce the thickness of subcutaneous thigh fat through topical application$$$ Cortisol is involved in the distribution and deposition of fat, and its action is regulated by the activity of 11beta‐hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase. Glycyrrhetinic acid, the active principle of licorice root, blocks 11beta‐hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 1, thus reducing the availability of cortisol at the level of adipocytes. We evaluated the effect of topical application of a cream containing glycyrrhetinic acid in the thickness of fat at the level of the thigh. Eighteen healthy women (age range 20‐33 years) with normal BMI were randomly allocated to treatment, at the level of the dominant thigh, with a cream containing 2.5% glycyrrhetinic acid (n=9) or with a placebo cream containing the excipients alone (n=9). Before and after 1 month of treatment both the circumference and the thickness of the superficial fat layer of the thighs (by ultrasound analysis) were measured. The circumference and the thickness of the superficial fat layer were significantly reduced in comparison to the controlateral untreated thigh and to control subjects treated with the placebo cream. No changes were observed in blood pressure, plasma renin activity, plasma aldosterone or cortisol. The effect of glycyrrhetinic acid on the thickness of subcutaneous fat was likely related to a block of 11beta‐hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 1 at the level of fat cells$$$ therefore, glycyrrhetinic acid could be effectively used in the reduction of unwanted local fat accumulation.
Quantitative impact analysis of remote ischemic conditioning and capsaicin application on human skin microcirculation$$$ BACKGROUND: Improvement of skin microcirculation would be beneficial in transplanted tissues and thus, there is a demand for effective, reliable and harmless angiogenic treatments. The aim of this study was to assess the effect of capsaicin application (CA), the remote effect of capsaicin application (REC), the impact of remote ischemic conditioning (RIC), and the impact of combined remote ischemic conditioning with capsaicin application (Comb) on human skin microcirculation. METHODS: Perfusion changes were assessed using a laser Doppler device (easyLDI, Aimago Lausanne). 30 healthy volunteers were enrolled and divided into two groups: 1) CA and REC: perfusion was assessed on both forearms after application of capsaicin cream on one forearm with an exposure time of 40 minutes. 2) RIC and Comb: perfusion of one forearm was assessed after four cycles of 5 min blood occlusion and 5 min reperfusion using a tourniquet on the contralateral upper arm and application of capsaicin on the ipsilateral forearm. Baseline skin perfusion measurements of both forearms were carried out initially and were used as intra‐individual reference. RESULTS: 1) Skin perfusion significantly increased after capsaicin application (CA = +328.3%, p > 0.05). There was no remote skin perfusion change due to capsaicin (REC). 2) RIC significantly improves skin perfusion (RIC = +20.0%, p < 0.05). The combination of RIC and CA does not improve skin perfusion compared to CA alone (Comb). CONCLUSIONS: The conditioning techniques RIC and CA showed a significant increase in human skin perfusion, CA being superior to RIC. However, the combination of CA and RIC showed no additional improvement potential as compared to CA alone. Furthermore, a remote effect of capsaicin application could not be demonstrated. These results encourage to analyze if the conditioning treatments are also beneficial for transplanted tissue survival.
The effect of cetylated fatty esters and physical therapy on myofascial pain syndrome of the neck$$$ Participants with Myofascial Pain Syndrome (MPS) of the neck were randomly assigned into 2 groups of the double‐blinded study: topical cetylated fatty ester complex (CFEC) cream application plus physical therapy (CF‐PT$$$ n=37), and placebo cream application plus physical therapy (PL‐PT$$$ n=35). There were 3 visits during 4 weeks of treatment. Physical Therapy (PT), given twice/week, included Ischaemic Compression, Deep Pressure Trigger Point Massage and Myofascial Releases. Topical cream [CFEC cream (5.6%) and 1.5% menthol] or placebo cream [1.5% menthol, in a cream base] was applied twice/day. CF‐PT provided the fastest and most effective study treatment modality. The addition of CFEC cream to PT resulted in statistically significant improvements, compared to PL‐PT, for reduction of pain, neck disability and life quality indicators. Our results indicate that cetylated derivatives of fatty acids can effectively reduce pain and symptoms associated with neck MPS, when combined with physical therapy.
A clinical trial to study the effects of estradiol as compared to EMLA cream on pain due to puncturing the vein and easiness during inserting cannula in obese female patients$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Estradiol cream: an anesthesiologist not involved in the study will apply estradiol cream to a 10 cm2 area (site of venous cannulation) on the dorsum of the non dominant hand of patients in the pre‐operative area 1 hr prior to shifting them to the operation theater (OT). Control Intervention1: EMLA: an anesthesiologist not involved in the study will apply EMLA cream to a 10 cm2 area (site of venous cannulation) on the dorsum of the non dominant hand of patients in the pre‐operative area 1 hr prior to shifting them to the operation theater (OT). CONDITION: Pts of ASA I& II, Female pts undergoing any elective surgery, Age between 25 ‐65 years, Body Mass Index 30kg/mt2, Hemodynamically stable. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Incidence & severity of Venous cannulation pain and number of first attempt failure.‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: immediatly after venous cannulation. SECONDARY OUTCOME: incidence of side effects.‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: for 24 hrs INCLUSION CRITERIA: Pts of ASA I& II, Female pts undergoing any elective surgery, Age between 25 ‐65 years, Body Mass Index > 30kg/mt2, Hemodynamically stable,
The influence of topical steroid application on tuberculin skin reactions in healthy persons$$$ Thirty‐seven healthy persons were studied in order to evaluate the influence of topical steroid application on tuberculin skin reactions. Four areas measuring 4 cm in diameter were each treated with 50 micrograms of hydrocortisone cream 1%, or 50% micrograms of halcinonide (Halog) cream 0.1%, or 50 micrograms of unguentum cetacei simplex (cold cream), or not treated. The creams were applied once daily for 3 days before and one day after a tuberculin skin test. After 24 and 48 hours the area of induration were measured. We observed that application of unguentum cetacei simplex increased the size of the induration at the 24‐hour reading, but not after 48 hours. Hydrocortisone cream 1% gave the same effect, whereas halcinonide cream (Halog) 0.1% caused ischaemia of the skin and reduced the induration of the skin test after 24 hours, but not after 48 hours. In 12 persons we found that simple rubbing of the skin with halcinonide cream base did not affect the size of the tuberculin skin reaction. In the present study we found that even very potent local steroid application on intact skin could only delay the development of tuberculin skin reactions, but could not diminish their size.
Effects of acute administration of natural progesterone on peripheral vascular responsiveness in healthy postmenopausal women$$$ Peripheral vascular responses to acute administration of natural progesterone were studied in 12 postmenopausal women (mean +/‐ SD age 50.3 +/‐ 4.8 years) with no evidence of cardiovascular disease. According to a randomized, double‐blind protocol, all subjects were given natural progesterone as a vaginal cream, able to produce a rapid peak and decay of plasma hormone concentrations, or matched placebo, with crossover after a 1‐week washout period. Forearm blood flow and peak flow after ischemic stress (ml/100 ml/min), local vascular resistance (mm Hg/ml/100 ml/min), venous volume (ml/100 ml), and venous compliance (ml/100 ml/mm Hg) were measured by strain‐gauge venous occlusion plethysmography at baseline and after progesterone or placebo administration. Plasma norepinephrine concentrations were determined by high‐performance liquid chromatography with electrochemical detection. Progesterone sharply decreased forearm blood flow (p <0.01) through an increase in local vascular resistance (p <0.01). Measures of venous function remained unchanged. Although the hormone increased circulating norepinephrine concentrations (p <0.05), there were no significant changes in mean arterial pressure or heart rate. Furthermore, progesterone reduced the local vasodilator capacity, shown by a decrease in forearm delta flow (difference between peak flow and basal flow, p <0.05). Compared with the well‐known effect of estrogen, progesterone exerted an opposite action on peripheral vascular responsiveness. Peripheral circulatory changes may be attributed to a direct activity of progesterone on the arterial wall and may in part reflect a modulation of the hormone on peripheral sympathetic tone. Consideration must be given to the hypothesis that the addition of progestin may attenuate the beneficial effects of unopposed estrogen replacement therapy in postmenopausal women.
Modification of subcutaneous adipose tissue by a methylxanthine formulation: a double-blind controlled study$$$ BACKGROUND: Excessive subcutaneous adipose tissue is typically treated by physically removing the fat through liposuction, but cost and accessibility have popularized alternative treatments for reducing adipose tissue thickness. OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to test the absolute and relative effectiveness of a liposome‐encapsulated caffeine‐based cream in modifying subcutaneous adipose tissue. METHODS: Forty‐one patients consented and completed the double‐blind, single‐center, placebo‐controlled study. Caliper measurements, tape measurements, and photographs were taken over a 2‐month period. RESULTS: Both concentrations of the cream were found to significantly reduce the thickness of the adipose tissue in all areas of the body. In addition, the more concentrated cream was significantly more effective than the less concentrated cream in the areas of the hips and the triceps. CONCLUSION: The caffeine‐based liposome‐encapsulated cream significantly reduced the thickness of the subcutaneous fat over a 2‐month period.
Modulation of pressure pain thresholds during and following isometric contraction in patients with fibromyalgia and in healthy controls$$$ This study aimed at evaluating the influence of submaximal isometric contraction on pressure pain thresholds (PPTs) in 14 fibromyalgia (FM) patients and 14 healthy volunteers, before and after skin hypoesthesia. PPTs were determined with pressure algometry over m. quadriceps femoris before, during and following an isometric contraction. Maximum voluntary contraction (MVC) was assessed using a computerized dynamometer. A contraction of 22% MVC on average was held until exhaustion (max. 5 min) and PPTs were assessed every 30 sec. A local anesthetic cream and a control cream were applied following a double‐blind design and PPTs were reassessed. In healthy volunteers PPTs increased during contraction (P < 0.001), then decreased after the end of contraction (P < 0.001) but remained above precontraction values during the 5 min of post‐contraction assessments (P < 0.001). In FM patients PPTs decreased in the middle of the contraction period (P < 0.05) and remained below precontraction levels during the rest of the contraction period (P < 0.05) and during the 5 min of post‐contraction assessment (immediately post‐contraction NS$$$ 2.5 min post‐contraction P < 0.01$$$ 5 min post‐contraction P < 0.05). The normalized PPTs were significantly lower in patients than in controls during contraction (start P < 0.01$$$ middle P < 0.001$$$ end P < 0.001) and at all times during post‐contraction assessments (P < 0.001). Anesthetic cream raised PPTs at rest in controls (P < 0.01) but not in FM patients, and did not influence contraction or post‐contraction PPTs in either group. Therefore, the increased pressure pain sensibility in FM patients is more pronounced deep to the skin. The observed decrease of PPTs during isometric contraction in FM patients could be due to sensitization of mechanonociceptors caused by muscle ischemia and/or dysfunction in pain modulation during muscle contraction.
Hormonal testing and pharmacologic treatment of erectile dysfunction: a clinical practice guideline from the American College of Physicians$$$ DESCRIPTION: The American College of Physicians developed this guideline to present the available evidence on hormonal testing in and pharmacologic management of erectile dysfunction. Current pharmacologic therapies include phosphodiesterase‐5 (PDE‐5) inhibitors, such as sildenafil, vardenafil, tadalafil, mirodenafil, and udenafil, and hormonal treatment. METHODS: Published literature on this topic was identified by using MEDLINE (1966 to May 2007), EMBASE (1980 to week 22 of 2007), Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (second quarter of 2007), PsycINFO (1985 to June 2007), AMED (1985 to June 2007), and SCOPUS (2006). The literature search was updated by searching for articles in MEDLINE and EMBASE published between May 2007 and April 2009. Searches were limited to English‐language publications. This guideline grades the evidence and recommendations by using the American College of Physicians' clinical practice guidelines grading system. RECOMMENDATION 1: The American College of Physicians recommends that clinicians initiate therapy with a PDE‐5 inhibitor in men who seek treatment for erectile dysfunction and who do not have a contraindication to PDE‐5 inhibitor use (Grade: strong recommendation$$$ high‐quality evidence). RECOMMENDATION 2: The American College of Physicians recommends that clinicians base the choice of a specific PDE‐5 inhibitor on the individual preferences of men with erectile dysfunction, including ease of use, cost of medication, and adverse effects profile (Grade: weak recommendation$$$ low‐quality evidence). RECOMMENDATION 3: The American College of Physicians does not recommend for or against routine use of hormonal blood tests or hormonal treatment in the management of patients with erectile dysfunction (Grade: insufficient evidence to determine net benefits and harms).
A randomized, active comparator-controlled clinical trial of a topical botanical cream for skin hydration, elasticity, firmness, and cellulite$$$ Background: The skin is where initial visual signs of aging manifest, including increased skin dryness and decreased firmness and elasticity. Cellulite, a skin condition characterized by changes in the skin morphology due to excessive lipid deposition in subcutaneous adipose tissue, is another characteristic of skin aging. Objective: We sought to assess the effectiveness of a topical botanical cream on cellulite, skin hydration, firmness, and elasticity after two, four, and eight weeks of use compared to an active comparator. Design: The study was a single‐blind, randomized, controlled study conducted on subjects with mild‐to‐severe cellulite on the thighs. Subjects were treated with a topical botanical cream (UP1307) and an active comparator for eight weeks. A total of 44 women 18 to 59 years of age were enrolled. Test products were gently applied in a circular motion to the area identified by subjects as the target cellulite area twice per day. Measurements: Measurements using Corneometer® (for skin hydration) and Cutometer® (for skin elasticity and firmness) were carried out at each visit in addition to expert clinical grader evaluations for cutaneous changes and cellulite. Outcomes were also assessed by patients using subject questionnaires. Results: Patients reported significant improvement in skin hydration, firmness, and elasticity over time. Findings were corroborated with objective instrumental measurements. At Week 8, 44.4‐ and 42.7‐percent improvement in appearance of cellulite was also observed for the UP1307 cream and the active comparator group, respectively. Conclusion: Use of UP1307 cream produced significant improvements in skin hydration, firmness, and elasticity, with associated improvement in cellulite appearance. There was overall superiority of UP1307 between groups. Progressive subject perceptions of product effects are reported.
﻿﻿﻿An Unexpected Detrimental Effect on the Incidence of Heel Pressure Ulcers After Local 5% DMSO Cream Application: a Randomized, Double-blind Study in Patients at Risk for Pressure Ulcers$$$ Background. Ischemia‐reperfusion injury and reactive oxygen species (ROS) are considered to play an important role in the pathogenesis of pressure ulcers (PU). Antioxidants may diminish the inflammation and damage of these ROS in pressure ulcer formation. Dimethyl sulfoxide (DMSO) is a hydroxyl antioxidant that inhibits leukocyte adherence. When used topically, DMSO is a safe and well‐tolerated drug with excellent penetrating properties. In this prospective randomized study, the effect of topically applied DMSO on the prevention of PU formation is analyzed. METHODS: In a randomized double‐blinded study, the effects of massage with or without DMSO creams were assessed against controls for 2 locations (ie, heel and buttocks) in 79 patients prone for development of PU. RESULTS: There was no difference in PU incidence between the 3 interventions on the buttocks. Surprisingly, the topical 5% DMSO cream group showed an increase in superficial pressure ulcers for the heel location. CONCLUSION: This is the first study on the possible role of DMSO in the prevention of PU. The results suggest an adverse effect on PU incidence in heel, whereas on the buttocks the DMSO cream seems to have no effect. Possible explanations for this unexpected detrimental effect are discussed.
A Randomized, Active Comparator-controlled Clinical Trial of a Topical Botanical Cream for Skin Hydration, Elasticity, Firmness, and Cellulite$$$ Background: The skin is where initial visual signs of aging manifest, including increased skin dryness and decreased firmness and elasticity. Cellulite, a skin condition characterized by changes in the skin morphology due to excessive lipid deposition in subcutaneous adipose tissue, is another characteristic of skin aging. Objective: We sought to assess the effectiveness of a topical botanical cream on cellulite, skin hydration, firmness, and elasticity after two, four, and eight weeks of use compared to an active comparator. Design: The study was a single‐blind, randomized, controlled study conducted on subjects with mild‐to‐severe cellulite on the thighs. Subjects were treated with a topical botanical cream (UP1307) and an active comparator for eight weeks. A total of 44 women 18 to 59 years of age were enrolled. Test products were gently applied in a circular motion to the area identified by subjects as the target cellulite area twice per day. Measurements: Measurements using Corneometer® (for skin hydration) and Cutometer® (for skin elasticity and firmness) were carried out at each visit in addition to expert clinical grader evaluations for cutaneous changes and cellulite. Outcomes were also assessed by patients using subject questionnaires. Results: Patients reported significant improvement in skin hydration, firmness, and elasticity over time. Findings were corroborated with objective instrumental measurements. At Week 8, 44.4‐ and 42.7‐percent improvement in appearance of cellulite was also observed for the UP1307 cream and the active comparator group, respectively. Conclusion: Use of UP1307 cream produced significant improvements in skin hydration, firmness, and elasticity, with associated improvement in cellulite appearance. There was overall superiority of UP1307 between groups. Progressive subject perceptions of product effects are reported.
Effects of a topical treatment with a dermo-cosmetic gel cream based on bromelain plus Mediterranean ingredients alone and in combination with the oral intake of a bromelain-based food supplement in women with edema and localized fat mass$$$ The aim of this study was to evaluate the efficacy of a topical dermo‐cosmetic gel cream based on Mediterranean opuntia gel and blood orange extract, bromelain, and tocopherol, alone or in combination with the oral intake of a bromelain‐based food supplement in reducing edema and localized fat mass. Forty healthy women presenting edema and cellulite were screened and enrolled. Subjects were randomly distributed into two groups: 20 subjects (group A) received a topical dermo‐cosmetic gel cream based on Mediterranean opuntia gel and blood orange extract, bromelain, vitamin E, and menthyl lactate to apply to hips and legs$$$ 20 subjects (group B) received the same gel cream product, to apply on hips and legs, plus a bromelain‐based food supplement for oral intake$$$ they were asked to follow the assigned treatment, once a day, for 56 consecutive days. The primary endpoints were: extracellular water (ECW) and leg and hips circumference. Secondary endpoints were: fat mass (FM), skin moisturization, skin elasticity, edematous state, and skin smoothness. Specific endpoint variables were analyzed at baseline time (T0), after 28 (T1) and 56 (T2) days of treatment. During the trial, no subject developed undesirable effects. The daily topical application of a gel cream containing bromelain, blood orange extract, and opuntia gel effectively reduced ECW, FM, hips, and leg circumference and improved skin moisturization elasticity and edematous state. Furthermore, the topical dermo‐cosmetic gel cream application was characterized by good skin tolerability and smoothness, and a lower swelling and water retention were reported. The combination of the food supplement intake and topical dermo‐cosmetic gel cream application showed a more significant improvement over time in ECW, hips, and leg circumference, which may be a helpful solution.
A Randomized Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Study to Evaluate the Anti-Skin-Aging Effect of LactoSporin – The Extracellular Metabolite from Bacillus coagulans (Weizmannia coagulans) MTCC 5856 in Healthy Female Volunteers$$$ Purpose: There has been a growing interest in the use of probiotics and their products for skin care, over the last decade. LactoSporin is the extracellular metabolite of a spore‐forming probiotic Bacillus coagulans (Weizmannia coagulans) MTCC 5856, with anti‐microbial and skin protecting activity. Patients and Methods: The anti‐skin‐aging potential of LactoSporin was evaluated in a randomized, double‐blinded, placebo‐controlled study in healthy female participants (70 screened and 56 randomized). The participants applied either LactoSporin or matched placebo formulation (N=28 in each group) for 10 weeks, and the effects were assessed by dermatological, and non‐invasive instrument‐based evaluation using Antera, Cutometer, Corneometer, and Tewameter. All the 56 participants completed the study and were included for the analysis. Results: The regular use of LactoSporin cream for 10 weeks showed a significant reduction in visibility of wrinkles around crow’s feet, nasolabial folds, frown lines, and facial fine lines compared to baseline and placebo by dermatological and Antera assessments. LactoSporin showed improvement in skin elasticity and hydration by dermatological assessments, but the effect was not significantly different from placebo when assessed by Cutometer, Corneometer, and Tewameter. No adverse events or skin irritation was observed in any participants during the study. Conclusion: These results suggest that LactoSporin could be a safe natural ingredient to reduce wrinkles and fine lines in cosmetic formulations.
Clinical and Ultrasound Efficacy of Topical Hypertonic Cream (Jovita Osmocell®) in the Treatment of Cellulite: a Prospective, Monocentric, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Study$$$ Background and Objectives: Cellulite, or edemato‐fibro‐sclerotic panniculopathy (EFP), is characterized by dermal and hypodermal changes leading to adipose tissue accumulation and compromised venous circulation. This study investigates the efficacy of a hypertonic cream containing concentrated sodium chloride (Jovita Osmocell®) in addressing water retention and structural alterations in adipose tissue, aiming to interrupt the cellulite formation process. Materials and Methods: A 12‐week, prospective, monocentric, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled study enrolled 30 female subjects with grade II or III cellulite. Patients were randomized to receive hypertonic cream or a placebo. Thigh circumference, ultrasound evaluations, and standardized photographs were collected at baseline, intermediate, and endpoint visits. Adverse events were monitored. Results: After 84 days, the hypertonic cream group exhibited a significant reduction in thigh circumference compared to the placebo group (p = 0.0037). B‐mode ultrasound examinations revealed significant changes in the parameters studied, such as the thickness of the subcutaneous tissue. No statistically significant changes were noticed in the placebo group. Volunteers reported the investigational product's pleasantness and good anti‐cellulite activity, with no reported adverse events. Conclusions: The hypertonic cream demonstrated efficacy in reducing thigh circumference, addressing water retention and structural alterations in adipose tissue. The proposed mechanism involves osmosis, releasing accumulated fluids between fat cells, supporting drainage, and reducing inflammation. This study supports the efficacy and safety of hypertonic sodium chloride emulsions in cellulite treatment and confirms safety and user satisfaction.
Evidence-based management of epistaxis in adults$$$ Epistaxis is a common complaint presenting to both hospital doctors and GPs, the management of which is often suboptimal. This article gives an evidence‐based review of the non‐surgical management of this common condition.
Effects of TAT-SOD at Acupoints on Essential Hypertension by Monitoring Meridians Electrical Potential$$$ OBJECTIVES: To investigate the effect on essential hypertension of the topical application of TAT‐Cu, Zn‐superoxide dismutase (TAT‐SOD) at left acupoint Zusanli (ST 36), and to observe whether the change of electrical potential difference (EPD) can be related to the change of blood pressure. METHODS: Sixteen patients with essential hypertension and 16 healthy subjects were included in the study. EPD between the left acupoints of Yanglingquan (GB 34) and Qiuxu (GB 40) was firstly screened out for the EPD detection. An intracellular superoxide quenching enzyme, TAT‐SOD, was topically applied to the acupoint ST 36 within an area of 1 cm2 once a day, and the influence on EPD was investigated. The dosage applied to TAT‐SOD group (n=8) was 0.2 mL of 3000 U/mL TAT‐SOD cream prepared by adding purified TAT‐SOD to a vehicle cream, while placebo group (n=8) used the vehicle cream instead. The left acupoints of Yanglingquan (GB 34) and Qiuxu (GB 40) were selected for EPD measurement after comparing EPD readings between 5 acupoints on each of all 12 meridians. RESULTS: EPDs between the left acupoints of GB 34 and GB 40 for 16 patients of essential hypertension and 16 healthy subjects were 44.9±6.4 and 5.6±0.9 mV, respectively. Daily application of TAT‐SOD for 15 days at ST 36 of essential hypertension patients significantly decreased systolic blood pressure (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) of 179.6 and 81.5 mm Hg to 153.1 and 74.1 mm Hg, respectively. Responding to the change in blood pressure, EPD between the left acupoints of GB 34 and GB 40 also declined from 44.4 to 22.8 mV with the same trend. No change was observed with SBP, DBP and EPD between the left acupoints of GB 34 and GB 40 with the daily application of the placebo cream. CONCLUSION: Enzymatic scavenging of the intracellular superoxide at ST 36 proved to be effective in decreasing SBP and DBP. The results reconfirm the involvement of superoxide anions and its transportation along the meridians, and demonstrate that EPD between acupoints may be an indicator to reflect its functioning status. Moreover, preliminary results suggest a close correlation between EPD and blood pressure readings, implying a possibility of using EPD as a sensitive parameter for blood pressure and to monitor the effect of antihypertensive treatment.
Effectiveness and tolerability of a standardized extract from Ageratina pichinchensis in patients with diabetic foot ulcer: a randomized, controlled pilot study$$$ Previous works have shown that extracts obtained from Ageratina pichinchensis are capable of reducing the time needed for wounds to heal. By means of a randomized, double‐blind pilot study, the objective of this work was to evaluate the effectiveness and tolerability of a phytopharmaceutical developed with a standardized extract (5 %, cream formulation) of A. pichinchensis, topically administered in patients with diabetic foot ulcer. Micronized silver sulfadiazine (1 %) was employed as a control treatment. Treatments were randomly assigned to each patient, and clinical evolution was evaluated weekly until complete healing of the wound. All patients who concluded the study achieved complete healing of their ulcers. After six weeks of treatment, patients in the experimental group exhibited a wound‐healing process of 77.5 %, while that of patients in the control group was 69.8 %. A statistically significant difference was not found between groups. The average time needed for complete wound healing was 65.47+/‐47.08 days for patients treated with the A. pichinchensis extract and 77.46+/‐50.8 days for patients in the control group (p=0.509). There was no case in either of the groups in which adverse side effects were identified. Thus, it was concluded that the A. pichinchensis extract showed the ability to improve the healing process in patients with diabetic foot ulcer$$$ however, no statistically significant differences were observed when compared with results obtained in patients administered the control treatment (micronized silver sulfadiazine). Some limitations of this study must be addressed, such as small sample size. This work comprises a pilot study that could be useful in a future clinical trial with a greater number of patients.
Improvement of microcirculation and healing of venous hypertension and ulcers with Crystacide: evaluation with a microcirculatory model, including free radicals, laser doppler flux, and PO2/PCO2 measurements$$$ In 32 patients with chronic venous insufficiency and venous hypertension associated with ulcerations, the effects of the local application of a hydrogen peroxide cream (Crystacide) applied onto the skin was evaluated using a complex, proportional, microcirculatory model to assess and quantify venous microangiopathy after local treatment. A comparative group treated without Crystacide was included. Laser Doppler flowmetry was used to assess skin perfusion (flux and venoarteriolar response) in association with transcutaneous PO2 and PCO2 measurements. Local plasma free radicals were evaluated in the area surrounding the venous ulcer using the D‐Roms test. Crystacide was applied around and on the ulcer for 10 days. Crystacide was more effective than the control treatments. PO2 was increased (improved, P < .05), and plasma free radicals, PCO2, and laser Doppler flowmetry were decreased (improving toward normal values, P < .05). Also, the ulcerated area was significantly smaller at 10 days in the Crystacide group in comparison with controls (P < .05). In the proportional microcirculatory model, all parameters indicated an important level of improvement significantly larger than in controls. In conclusion, in chronic venous insufficiency and venous ulcerations, local treatment with Crystacide (10 days) improves the microcirculation and decreases skin free radicals, thus improving healing.
Comparing two different treatments for chronic fissure in ano$$$ INTERVENTION: Control Intervention1: 1‐ 2% diltiazem gel 2‐ lateral sphinctertomy: 1‐2% diltiazem gel: The use of topical 2% diltiazem hydrochloride for treating anal fissures by lowering anal sphincter pressure. Diltiazem, a calcium channel blocker, is well known as an oral treatment for hypertension and angina. the American Society of Colon and Rectal Surgeons (ASCRS) task force stated that topical formulations of calcium channel blockers may be appropriately used to treat anal fissure. Diltiazem is a non‐dihydropyridine calcium channel blocker (CCB). Primarily, diltiazem inhibits the inflow of calcium ions into muscle Reduced intracellular calcium concentrations increase smooth muscle relaxation, resulting in arterial vasodilation and decreased blood pressure. Patients were instructed to apply 2 cm (approximately 0.7 g) of 2% diltiazem cream to the anal verge twice daily for eight weeks. Healing of the fissure was assessed after 8 weeks of treatment.total duration for this 8 week . 2‐lateral sphinctertomy‐ (a)Open‐ A radial oriented incision over the intersphincteric groove is made in the left lateral position through the anoderm exposing the internal anal sphincter muscle fibers. Using a hemostat or similar instrument, the internal anal sphincter is elevated off the external anal sphincter, and the muscle is divided to the level of the dentate line either using electrocautery or sharply. If divided sharply once must ensure adequate hemostasis to prevent any postoperative bleeding complications. The anoderm is then left open to allow healing by second intention or can be closed using an absorbable suture. (b)Closed‐ With this technique, the intersphincteric groove is palpated at the left lateral position. With a finger in the anal canal, an 11‐blade scalpel is inserted into the CONDITION: Health Condition 1: O‐ Medical and Surgical PRIMARY OUTCOME: To Access the anoderm healing and pain relief following the treatment of chronic fissure in ano with two modalities of treatment.Timepoint: use upto 1 week / 4 week /8 week SECONDARY OUTCOME: to assess the incidence of any complications like peri anal sepsis and anal incontinence associated various treatment modalities.Timepoint: to assess upto after complication 2 month. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients suffering from clinically diagnosed anal fissure in ano of more than 6 weeks of duration.
The effect of vaginal administration of various doses of prostaglandin E2 gel on cervical ripening and induction of labor$$$ Eighty patients with a Bishop score of less than or equal to 4 were randomly administered vaginal triacetin gel containing placebo or prostaglandin E2 in 1, 2, and 3 mg doses. Twelve to sixteen hours later, those not in labor underwent oxytocin induction. Increasing doses of prostaglandin were effective in ripening the cervix, and the higher doses were associated with significant success in inducing labor.
Local testosterone therapy for pain and discomfort around the urethral meatus after treatment of genitourinary syndrome of menopause (GSM) and bladder pain syndrome (BPS)$$$ HYPOTHESIS/AIMS OF STUDY: There are some patients who continue to complain of pain and discomfort around the urethral meatus, especially who are Genitourinary Syndrome of Menopause (GSM) and Bladder Pain Syndrome (BPS) even though main symptoms almost cured after treatments. GSM is defined as a collection of symptoms and signs associated with a decrease in estrogen and other sex steroids involving changes to the labia majora/minora, clitoris, vestibule/introitus, vagina, urethra and bladder. The syndrome may include but is not limited to genital symptoms of dryness, burning, and irritation$$$ sexual symptoms of lack of lubrication, discomfort or pain, and impaired function$$$ and urinary symptoms of urgency, dysuria and recurrent urinary tract infections.Women may present with some or all of the signs and symptoms, which must be bothersome and should not be better accounted for by another diagnosis.1) Interstitial cystitis (IC), including bladder pain syndrome (BPS), is a chronic and debilitating disease that mainly afects women. It is characterized by pelvic pain as‐sociated with urinary urgency, frequency, nocturia and negative urine culture, with normal cytology.2) On the other hand, the area of the urethral meatus and vaginal anterior garden, in which the bartholin gland/skinny gland are opened and are receiving blood supplies diferent from other vaginal areas and the androgen receptors are more rich from the estrogen receptors in these.3)Therefore we tried the treatment of local testosterone administration for pain and discomfort around the urethral meatus after treatment of GSM or BPS. STUDY DESIGN, MATERIALS AND METHODS: We prospectively studied 26 patients, mean age 66±8 (Median 66, Max79, Min51) between Jan. 2018 and Oct. 2018 at Women's Clinic LUNA Next Stage. All patients continued to complain of pain and discomfort in the area of the urethral meatus and vaginal anterior garden after treatment for GSM or BPS. GSM patients were treated already by local estrogen therapy and BPS patients were treated already by amitripty‐line or duloxetine or pregabalin Patients used the testosterone cream (1%) for directly the area of the urethral meatus and vaginal anterior garden 0.1g/every two days or 0.05g/every day for one month. And we used the pain scale for judging the efcacy of this treatment and judged "effective" for the patients who recovered their symptoms over 60% after treatment. This study was approved by the Ethics Committees of Women's Clinic LUNA Group in 2018 Written informed consent was obtained from all patients. RESULTS: The success rate of this treatmentwas 73% (19pt/26). The 7 patients(27%) whose symptoms were not recovered contained 1pt of lichen sclerosus et atrophicus, 2 pt. of BPS, 1pt. of GSM, 1pt. of clitoris pain, 2 pt. stop by side effect. Sexually active women were only 5/26(19%). The 2 of 5pt. restarted their coitus. The main side effects are acne headache, hyperesthesia of the nipple and clitoris early in the administration.There were no characteristic side effects which were genital bleeding, hoarseness, clitoris hypertrophy, hypertension and body weight gain in this time. Average level of free testosterone was from 0.7 pg/ml to 1.8 pg/ml between before and after treatment. INTERPRETATION OF RESULTS: Several randomized, placebo‐controlled clinical trials suggest that testosterone therapy improves sexual function and depression in postmenopausal women. But there were few reports which included testosterone therapy for female LUTS and discomfort around perineal area. In this study, local testosterone therapy is estimated to effective for pain and discomfort around the urethral meatus after treatment of Genitourinary Syndrome of Menopause (GSM) and Bladder Pain Syndrome (BPS).And local testosterone therapy for the area of the urethral meatus and vaginal anterior garden is estimated to safe in short time by side effects and their blood concentration. CONCLUDING MESSAGE: The long‐term safety profile of testosterone therapy in postmenopausal women is not clear yet. We have done to follow up local testosterone therapy for long time period.
The clinical study of the first vertigo ointment recipe treat Yang hyperactivity and blood stagnation Hypertension$$$ Objectives: To observe the clinical effect of vertigo 1 cream of yang hyperactivity and blood stagnation type hypertension, determine the Chinese herbal extract treatment standard, and to promote. Methods: 60 cases of hyperactivity of Yang due to yin deficiency, blood stasis type 1, 2 levels of patients with essential hypertension were randomly divided into 2 groups: control group, treatment group, 30 cases in each group, for 60 consecutive days. The 2groups were given oral Extended Release Nifedipine Tablets (I) (Shandong Lukang Pharmaceutical Group set a limited liability company production) treatment, the treatment group added vertigo No. 1 cream. The changes of clinical symptoms, TCM syndrome score and blood pressure were observed before and after treatment. Results: The total clinical efficacy was compared between the 2 groups: the control group was 33.33%, the total efficiency of 73.33%$$$ the efficiency of the treatment group was 50%, the total efficiency of 93.33%. Compared with the control group, the efficacy of the treatment group were significant difference (P<0.05), the treatment group curative effect surpasses the control group. Integral of symptom and syndrome, the 2 groups before and after treatment compared with significant differences (P<0.05). Evaluation of curative effect before and after treatment, blood pressure, compared the 2 groups, there were significant differences (P<0.05). In the safety and adverse reactions, treatment group compared with control group, there was no significant difference (P>0.05). Conclusion: Vertigo 1 cream treatment of yang hyperactivity and blood stagnation type hypertension disease has good curative effect, no obvious adverse reactions, curative effect is better than single western medicine treatment.
Effects of testosterone treatment, with and without exercise training, on ambulatory blood pressure in middle-aged and older men$$$ Context: With age, testosterone (T) and physical activity levels often decline in parallel. The effect of combining T treatment and exercise training on ambulatory blood pressure (ABP) is unclear. Objective: To assess T and exercise effects, alone and in combination, on ABP in men aged 50–70 years, waist circumference ≥ 95 cm and low‐normal serum T (6–14 nmol/L), without organic hypogonadism. Design: A 2 × 2 factorial randomised, placebo‐controlled study. Intervention: Randomization to daily transdermal AndroForte5® (Testosterone 5.0%w/v, 100 mg in 2 ml) cream (T), or matching placebo (P) (double‐blind), and to supervised exercise (Ex) or no additional exercise (NEx), for 12 weeks. Results: Average 24‐h systolic blood pressure (SBP) increased with T treatment (testosterone*time, p =.035). Average 24‐h SBP increased in T+Ex (T+Ex:+3.0 vs. P+NEx: −3.0 mmHg, p =.026) driven by day‐time changes (T+Ex:+3.5 vs. P+NEx: −3.0 mmHg, p =.026). There was an effect of T for 24‐h average diastolic blood pressure (DBP, testosterone*time, p =.044) driven by the decrease in P+Ex (P+Ex: −3.9 vs. T+NEx: −0.5 mmHg, p =.015). Night‐time DBP was lower with exercise (P+Ex: −4.0 vs. P+NEx: +0.7 mmHg, p =.032). The effect of exercise to lower night‐time DBP was not apparent in the presence of T (T+Ex: −0.4 vs. P+NEx: +0.7 mmHg, p >.05). Ex increased average 24‐h pulse pressure (PP, exercise*time, p =.022), largely during daytime hours (exercise*time, p =.013). Conclusions: There was a main effect of T to increase 24‐h SBP, primarily seen when T was combined with Ex. Exercise alone decreased 24‐h and night‐time DBP$$$ an effect attenuated by T. BP should be carefully assessed and monitored, when prescribing T treatment to middle‐aged and older men, especially when combined with exercise training.
Effect of soup for patients with hypertension and anointed carotid intima-media thickness, blood fat and blood rheology$$$ Objective: To observe the effect of traditional Chinese medicine with hard cream soup steady spot acupoint sticking apply joint simvastatin capsule to hypertension patients with carotid intima‐ media thickness, blood fat and blood rheology. Methods: Choose documented with essential hypertension 60 cases were randomly divided into two groups: treatment group( Chinese medicine firm spot soup, hard anointed acupoint sticking apply joint simvastatin capsule) 30 cases$$$ In the control group( simple western medicine simvastatin capsule) 30 cases. Before treatment and after treatment patients with carotid intima ‐media thickness, blood fat and blood rheology were observed. Results: Treatment group IMT earlier with reduce ,two groups comparisons has significant difference( P<0. 05) . Before and after treatment with the change of the lipid levels before treatment P<0. 01$$$ Compared with the control group( P<0. 05) . Two groups before and after treatment hemorheology indices more with your group before treatment comparison, P <0. 05$$$ Compared with the control group after treatment, P<0. 05. Conclusion: Chinese medicine firm spot with hard cream soup acupoint sticking apply joint simvastatin capsule to hypertension patients with carotid intima‐media thickness, blood fat and blood rheology learn improve significantly better than pure western medicine simvastatin capsule.
Black Tea Increases Circulating Endothelial Progenitor Cells and Improves Flow Mediated Dilatation Counteracting Deleterious Effects from a Fat Load in Hypertensive Patients: a Randomized Controlled Study$$$ (1) Background: Endothelial dysfunction predicts cardiovascular events. Circulating angiogenic cells (CACs) maintain and repair the endothelium regulating its function. Tea flavonoids reduce cardiovascular risk. We investigated the effects of black tea on the number of CACs and on flow‐mediated dilation (FMD) before and after an oral fat in hypertensives$$$ (2) Methods: In a randomized, double‐blind, controlled, cross‐over study, 19 patients were assigned to black tea (150 mg polyphenols) or a placebo twice a day for eight days. Measurements were obtained in a fasted state and after consuming whipping cream, and FMD was measured at baseline and after consumption of the products$$$ (3) Results: Compared with the placebo, black tea ingestion increased functionally active CACs (36 ± 22 vs. 56 ± 21 cells per high‐power field$$$ p = 0.006) and FMD (5.0% ± 0.3% vs. 6.6% ± 0.3%, p < 0.0001). Tea further increased FMD 1, 2, 3, and 4 h after consumption, with maximal response 2 h after intake (p < 0.0001). Fat challenge decreased FMD, while tea consumption counteracted FMD impairment (p < 0.0001)$$$ (4) Conclusions: We demonstrated the vascular protective properties of black tea by increasing the number of CACs and preventing endothelial dysfunction induced by acute oral fat load in hypertensive patients. Considering that tea is the most consumed beverage after water, our findings are of clinical relevance and interest.
Capsaicin 8% patch for treprostinil subcutaneous infusion site pain in pulmonary hypertension patients$$$ BACKGROUND: Treprostinil sodium improves haemodynamics and symptoms in pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) patients, but its subcutaneous (s.c.) administration can produce severe local site pain, and lead to discontinuation of vital treatment. Treprostinil is a prostacyclin analogue which stimulates prostacyclin receptors in skin nociceptor terminals, resulting in pain and cutaneous hypersensitivity, for which current pain remedies have limited effect. Capsaicin 8% patch relieves neuropathic pain for 3 months after a single 60 min cutaneous application$$$ we investigated whether its pre‐application can reduce s.c. trepostinil‐induced pain. METHODS: A single‐centre, double‐blind, randomized, placebo‐controlled, crossover study was conducted to assess the safety and efficacy of a single capsaicin 8% patch pre‐application for s.c. treprostinil pain in 11 PAH patients, relative to control patch with low‐dose capsaicin 0.075% cream. RESULTS: The primary efficacy endpoint, mean difference between the two treatment arms in an 11‐point numerical pain rating scale from baseline to 2 weeks after patch applications, was significantly lower on the capsaicin 8% patch treatment arm [P=0.01, mean difference=‐1.47 units, 95% credible interval (CI): ‐2. 59 to ‐0.38] in the patients who completed the study per protocol, although intention‐to‐treat analysis did not show significant difference (P=0.28). Heat pain thresholds were decreased (P=0.027, mean difference=5.43°C, 95% CI: 0.71‐10.21) and laser Doppler flux increased (P=0.016, mean difference=370 units, 95% CI: 612 to 127.9) at the application site immediately after capsaicin 8% patch, confirming activity. CONCLUSIONS: Further investigation of the efficacy of capsaicin 8% patch in this indication is warranted.
Comparison of cyclosporine and topical betamethasone-17,21-dipropionate in the treatment of severe chronic hand eczema$$$ Topical corticosteroids are the standard treatment for hand eczema. However, in chronic forms of the disease they are often ineffective or lose their efficacy due to tachyphylaxis. In a previous open study cyclosporine showed efficacy in chronic hand eczema. The aim of this study was to compare oral cyclosporine at 3 mg/kg/day with topical 0.05% beta‐methasone‐17,21‐dipropionate (BDP) cream in the treatment of chronic hand eczema. In a randomized, double‐blind study 41 patients with chronic hand eczema resistant to conventional treatment were assigned to either cyclosporine or BDP for 6 weeks. Both cyclosporine and BDP improved the eczema. The total disease activity score decreased to 57% of baseline in the cyclosporine group (mean change ‐6, SD 4.3$$$ p < 0.001) and to 58% of baseline in the BDP group (mean change ‐5.7, SD 4$$$ p < 0.001) at the end of treatment. However, between the groups there was no significant difference. Adverse events occurred in 68% of the patients during cyclosporine and in 56% during BDP treatment. With cyclosporine no case of hypertension or increase in serum creatinine above normal levels was recorded. In two patients the serum creatinine levels increased to values 30% above their own baseline values. Relapses occurred to the same extent in both groups. Cyclosporine at 3 mg/kg/day is as effective as topical BDP in the treatment of chronic hand eczema. Low‐dose cyclosporine could be useful as an alternative treatment for severe chronic hand eczema in patients unresponsive to conventional treatment.
Skin pretreatment and the use of transdermal clonidine$$$ Although therapy with transdermal clonidine is effective in bringing elevated blood pressure under control, this mode of delivery has been associated with localized dermal reactions in a small percentage of patients. Because anecdotal information suggests that a number of physicians have resorted to various dermal pretreatment strategies in an effort to alleviate or eliminate these dermal reactions, we decided to investigate the two most commonly used pretreatment strategies, to determine if they affected the pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of transdermally administered clonidine. Specifically, we examined the effect of dermal pretreatment with 0.5% hydrocortisone cream and with an over‐the‐counter antacid, magnesium‐aluminum hydroxide suspension, on the pharmacokinetics of transdermal clonidine in 10 adult hypertensive males. Patients were randomized to receive one of the two pretreatment regimens or therapy with the patch alone, and after 7 days of treatment and a 14‐day washout period, patients were crossed over to receive one of the other therapies. All patients ultimately received all three therapies. We present here the results from the 10 patients enrolled in our study. Our study found a statistical difference detected in maximum plasma concentration (Cmax), steady‐state plasma concentration (Css), and apparent clonidine dose delivered (Doseapp) following dermal pretreatment with hydrocortisone compared with the transdermal patch alone. The mean +/‐ SD relative extents of absorption (Frel) of clonidine following dermal pretreatment with hydrocortisone and magnesium‐aluminum hydroxide in respect to the transdermal patch alone were 94.84 +/‐ 45.69% and 97.65 +/‐ 59.65%, respectively. No significant difference was detected in this parameter. Supine and sitting blood pressures and pulse rates were similar during treatment with clonidine alone, following dermal pretreatment with hydrocortisone cream, and following pretreatment with magnesium‐aluminum hydroxide suspension. In addition, systemic side effects were evenly distributed among treatments. However, dermal side effects were less frequent following pretreatment with hydrocortisone compared with magnesium‐aluminum hydroxide and the patch alone. The results of this study suggest that dermal pretreatment with 0.5 percent hydrocortisone cream may significantly alter the plasma concentrations of transdermally administered clonidine without adversely altering the pharmacodynamics.
The clinical efficacy and safety of oral compound glycyrrhizin in adult patients with mild-to-moderate active alopecia areata: a randomized controlled study$$$ Introduction: The efficacy of the current therapy for alopecia areata (AA) remains unsatisfactory, due to disease recurrence and drug side effects. This study was designed to evaluate the clinical efficacy, recurrence rate, and safety of the new therapy with oral glycyrrhizin in adult patients with mild to moderate active AA. Methods: This was a randomized controlled trial using two oral tablets of 25 mg glycyrrhizin three times per day (tid) for test group (65 patients), or two oral tablets of 25 mg cystine tid for the control (56 cases). Patients in both groups were also treated with topical 0.05% halometasone cream twice daily (bid). The treatment period was 24 weeks, including 12 weeks of active therapy, followed by another 12 weeks of observation. Results: The complete regrowth rate and total efficacy of the test group were significantly higher than the control group (16.92% vs. 5.36%, and 63.08% vs. 30.36%, p < 0.05). In particular, the total efficacy in glycyrrhizin‐treated moderate or short‐duration patients was significantly higher than the control (53.33% vs. 11.11%, and 72.70% vs. 26.47%, p < 0.05). During the follow‐up period, the recurrence rate was 12.3% (8/65) in the test group, lower than that of the control. The incidence rate of adverse effects between the two groups was not statistically different (9.23% vs.10.71%, p > 0.05), and no severe adverse events were observed. Conclusions: Glycyrrhizin treatment is safe and effective for adult patients with mild to moderate active AA. This therapy has higher therapeutic efficacy in patients with moderate AA or short duration of the disease.
Beliefs About Pharmaceutical Medicines and Natural Remedies Explain Individual Variation in Placebo Analgesia$$$ This study examined whether placebo responses were predicted by a theoretical model of specific and general treatment beliefs. Using a randomized crossover, experimental design (168 healthy individuals) we assessed whether responses to a cold pressor task were influenced by 2 placebo creams described as pharmaceutical versus natural. We assessed whether placebo responses were predicted by pretreatment beliefs about the treatments (placebo) and by beliefs about the pain. The efficacy of pharmaceutical as well as natural placebos in reducing pain intensity was predicted by aspects of pain catastrophizing including feelings of helplessness (pharmaceutical: B = .03, P < .01, natural: B = .02, P < .05) and magnification of pain (pharmaceutical: B = .04, P < .05, natural: B = .05, P < .05) but also by pretreatment necessity beliefs (pharmaceutical: B = .21, P < .01, natural: B = .16, P < .05) and, for the pharmaceutical condition, by more general beliefs about personal sensitivity to pharmaceuticals (B = .14, P < .05). Treatment necessity beliefs also partially mediated the effects of helplessness on placebo responses. Treatment necessity beliefs for the pharmaceutical placebo were influenced by general pharmaceutical beliefs whereas necessity beliefs for the natural placebo were informed by general background beliefs about holistic treatments. Our findings show that treatment beliefs influence the placebo effect suggesting that they may offer an additional approach for understanding the placebo effect. PERSPECTIVE: Placebo effects contribute to responses to active analgesics. Understanding how beliefs about different types of treatment influence placebo analgesia may be useful in understanding variations in treatment response. Using the cold pressor paradigm we found that placebo analgesia was influenced by beliefs about natural remedies, pharmaceutical medicines, and about pain.
0.3% Tacrolimus gel and 0.5% Tacrolimus cream show efficacy in mild to moderate plaque psoriasis: results of a randomized, open-label, observer-blinded study$$$ The efficacy and safety of 0.3% tacrolimus gel and 0.5% tacrolimus cream compared with calcipotriol ointment were evaluated in adults (n = 124) with mild to moderate plaque psoriasis. Treatment was twice daily for a maximum of 12 weeks. Clinical efficacy was assessed by the percentage change in the local psoriasis severity index of a target lesion between baseline and week 12. By week 12, the median percentage changes in local psoriasis severity index of the target lesions in the tacrolimus gel, tacrolimus cream and calcipotriol groups were 55.6%, 50.0% and 58.6%, respectively (no statistically significant differences). Clinical improvement was observed after one week and increased throughout the study. Tacrolimus‐treated patients experienced more application site skin burning (tacrolimus gel and cream both 31.0% versus 7.5% for calcipotriol$$$ p = 0.011). Skin burning was mostly mild in intensity and decreased substantially after 1 week of treatment. There were no differences in the nature and incidence of infections and no clinically relevant changes in laboratory values.
Adalimumab in palmoplantar pustulosis$$$ Background and importance Palmoplantar pustulosis (PPP) is a chronic disorder marked by the appearance of recurrent eruptions of fluid filled pustules or blisters on the hands and feet. Its aetiology is unknown and its relationship with psoriasis continues to be controversial. No standardised guidelines are available for treatment. Firstline therapeutic options for PPP include topical corticosteroids, an oral retinoid and photoche‐motherapy. Patients who do not respond sufficiently to first‐line treatment may benefit from combination therapy with an oral retinoid and PUVA or from immunosuppressive therapy. In severe recalcitrant disease, there is some evidence that biologic antitumour necrosis factor drugs can be effective in treating PPP, but this evidence is based on open label trials and non‐randomised studies and, therefore, actual efficacy is unknown. Aim and objectives Our aim was to review the safety and efficacy of the biologic medication, adalimumab, in the treatment of PPP in a patient without response to specific treatments. Material and methods An observational retrospective study was conducted in a 69‐year‐old woman who presented with a 9 year history of recurrent and painful eruptions of pustules on her palms and the soles of her feet. Prior treatment with triamcinolone cream, oral methotrexate and oral acitretin had not improved her skin lesions. She started adalimumab 40 mg per week×2 doses, followed by 40 mg every other week in our hospital over 15 months (2017‐2018). Valuable data were collected from review of the medical history and dispensation registers. Clinical features were assessed using scales which measured the number of lesions and the state of the disease. Results Symptoms improved in the patient after the initial dose, decreasing the size and number of lesions. Three occasional exacerbations resolved without increasing the dose of adalimumab with the support of topical calcipotriol/betametha‐sone and tazarotene. No serious adverse events were reported. Conclusion and relevance In our case, treatment with adalimu‐mab was safe and effective. Adalimumab could be a useful alternative in the treatment of severe recalcitrant disease or when there are contraindications to traditional systemic agents, such as pregnancy, a history of liver/kidney disease or uncontrolled hypertension. In order to assess the efficacy and safety of biologic medications, larger controlled studies are needed.
Black tea consumption decreases blood pressure and improves vascular function with and without a fat load in hypertensive subjects$$$ Introduction: Endothelial dysfunction is an early biomarker for the development of cardiovascular disease and a predictor of future cardiovascular events. A number of intervention studies in healthy and diseased subjects have reported that endothelial function, as assessed by flowmediated vasodilation (FMD), is positively affected by black tea consumption. On the other hand, high calorie fatty meals are detrimental to endothelial function. Aim: To assess the effect of black tea with and without a fat load on FMD, digital volume pulse (DVP) and office blood pressure (BP) in never‐treated grade 1 hypertensive subjects without additional cardiovascular risk factors. Methods: According to a randomized, double‐blind, controlled, cross‐over design, 19 grade 1 hypertensive patients were assigned to consume black tea, containing 150mg polyphenols or a placebo drink matched for color and taste, twice a day for 8 days, with a wash‐out period in between of 13 days. On day 7, all measurements were performed in a fasted state, while on day 8 subjects consumed ultra‐heat‐treated whipping cream (1 g fat per kg bodyweight) 30 minutes after consuming the test products.FMD,DVPand BP were measured at baseline and 1, 2, 3 and 4 hours after consumption of the test products. Results: Baseline FMD improved after 1 week of tea consumption when compared with placebo (p < 0.0001). An additional cup of tea further increased FMD at 1, 2, 3 and 4 hours after consumption when compared with baseline with maximal response 2 hours after intake (p < 0.0001). Fat challenge significantly decreased FMD (p < 0.0001), which was counteracted by tea consumption. Tea improved reflection index (small vessel tone$$$ p < 0.0001) and stiffness index (large arterial stiffness$$$ p < 0.0001) with additional effects after acute tea consumption with and without fat load. Further, tea decreased systolic and diastolic BP with and without a fat load (all p < 0.0001). Conclusions: We demonstrate for the first time that moderate consumption of black tea protects against oral fat load‐induced endothelial dysfunction in hypertensive but otherwise healthy subjects. The vascular benefits of tea are also reflected in improved endothelial function and peripheral arterial haemodynamics as well as blood pressure lowering under fasted and postprandial conditions. Our findings are of clinical relevance and interest, considering that the ingestion of the main daily meal has been suggested to be a trigger for acute myocardial infarction.
Efficacy and safety of eberconazole vs sertaconazole in localised tinea infection$$$ Background: Topical antifungals especially azole group of drugs are effective agents in the treatment of dermatophytoses producing 100% clinical and mycological cure. Each of them vary having specific characteristics to tackle several clinical challenges like high relapse rate, recurrences and quality of life. Aims and Objectives: To compare the efficacy and safety of Eberconazole and Sertaconazole in tinea infection. Materials and Methods: This was a randomized, observer‐blinded, parallel‐group study conducted at a dermatology out‐patient department (OPD) of tertiary care teaching hospital in Puducherry. 85 patients with tinea corporis and tinea cruris infections who visited the dermatology OPD were enrolled in this study. The treatment phase involved two groups receiving either Sertaconazole 2% cream or Eberconazole 1% applied topically twice daily for 4 weeks. At the end of treatment phase, there was a 'follow‐up phase' at the end of 4 weeks, where the patients were assessed clinically and mycologically. The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics using MS Excel version 2019 and SPSS version 15 for Windows. Results: The primary efficacy variables namely change in pruritus, erythema, induration, scaling and mycological cure significantly improved in both the groups, as compared to baseline (P < 0.001), in the treatment phase and follow‐up phase. Intergroup comparison with respect to pruritus and scaling showed significant difference (P < 0.001), suggestive of better reduction of pruritus and scaling scores at 4 weeks with Sertaconazole when compared to Eberconazole. Conclusions: Sertaconazole was better than Eberconazole in relieving signs and symptoms of dermatophytoses, especially pruritus, thereby improving patients' quality of life.
An open-label, two-period, crossover study of the systemic bioavailability in healthy women of clindamycin phosphate from two vaginal cream formulations$$$ BACKGROUND: A clindamycin phosphate 2% single‐dose vaginal cream (CSDVC) formulation has been designed to provide release of clindamycin equivalent to 7 daily doses of a conventional clindamycin phosphate 2% vaginal cream (CVC). OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to compare the systemic bioavailability of clindamycin from 1 dose of CSDVC with that from 1 dose from a 7‐day regimen of CVC in healthy women. METHODS: This was a single‐center, open‐label, randomized, 2‐period, 2‐sequence crossover study that enrolled healthy, nonpregnant, adult women. Subjects were randomly assigned to receive a single 5‐g intravaginal dose of CSDVC or CVC. Blood samples were then collected for 96 hours after study medication administration. Subjects were crossed over after a 14‐day washout period, and received a single dose of the other medication. Blood samples were then collected for 96 hours after administration of the second drug. The plasma clindamycin pharmacokinetic profiles were determined, using a validated assay with a lower limit of detection of 0.2 ng/mL, and compared between treatments. RESULTS: The median age of women was 43.5 years(range, 18‐66 years), the median weight was 65.0 kg (range, 47.7‐91.8 kg), and the median body mass index was 25.4 kg/m2 (range, 19.2‐34.7 kg/m(2)). AUC from time 0 to the last detectable concentration (AUCO(0‐t)) and from time 0 to infinity (AUCO(0‐infinity)) and C(max) were significantly lower with CSDVC than with CVC (geometric means of 98.61 vs 794.21 ng . h/mL for AUCO(0‐t), 100.33 vs 809.14 ng . h/mL for AUC(0‐infinity), and 3.18 vs 42.27 ng/mL for C(max)$$$ all comparisons, P < 0.001 between formulations). Overall bioavailability of clindamycin from CSDVC was approximately 12% of that from CVC, as measured by AUC. The arithmetic mean T(max) was significantly longer with CSDVC (26.4 vs 9.8 hours$$$ P < 0.007). There were 18 adverse events reported during this study. The most common adverse event with each formulation was headache (CSDVC, 10%$$$ CVC, 25%). CONCLUSIONS: Systemic bioavailability of clindamycin was significantly lower and systemic absorption was significantly slower with the CSDVC formulation than with the single dose of 7‐day CVC formulation in these healthy volunteers.
The effect of vaginal administration of various doses of prostaglandin E2 gel on cervical ripening and induction of labor$$$ Eighty patients with a Bishop score of less than or equal to 4 were randomly administered vaginal triacetin gel containing placebo or prostaglandin E2 in 1, 2, and 3 mg doses. Twelve to sixteen hours later, those not in labor underwent oxytocin induction. Increasing doses of prostaglandin were effective in ripening the cervix, and the higher doses were associated with significant success in inducing labor.
Systemic immunity-enhancing effects in healthy subjects following dietary consumption of the lactic acid bacterium Lactobacillus rhamnosus HN001$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine the effects of the probiotic lactic acid bacterium, Lactobacillus rhamnosus HN001, on natural cellular immunity when delivered orally in normal low‐fat milk (LFM) or lactose‐hydrolyzed low‐fat milk (LFM‐LH). DESIGN: A three stage, pre‐post intervention trial, spanning nine weeks. SETTING: Taipei Medical College Hospital, Taipei, Taiwan. SUBJECTS: Fifty‐two healthy middle‐aged and elderly volunteers (17 males, 35 females$$$ median age 63.5, range 44‐80). INTERVENTIONS: Stage 1 (run‐in diet): 25 g/200 mL reconstituted LFM powder, twice daily for 3 weeks. Stage 2 (probiotic intervention): LFM or LFM‐LH, supplemented with 10(9) CFUs/g L. rhamnosus HN001 in each case, for 3 weeks. Stage 3 (wash‐out): LFM for 3 weeks. MEASURES OF OUTCOME: In vitro phagocytic capacity of peripheral blood polymorphonuclear (PMN) leukocytes$$$ in vitro tumoricidal activity of natural killer (NK) leukocytes. RESULTS: Immunological responses were unaffected by the run‐in diet of LFM alone. In contrast, the relative proportion of PMN cells showing phagocytic activity increased by 19% and 15%, respectively, following consumption of HN001 in either LFM or LFM‐LH$$$ the relative level of NK cell tumor killing activity increased by 71% and 147%. In most cases these levels declined following cessation, but remained above baseline. CONCLUSIONS: Dietary consumption of L. rhamnosus HN001, in a base of low‐fat milk or lactose‐hydrolyzed low‐fat milk, appears to enhance systemic cellular immune responses and may be useful as a dietary supplement to boost natural immunity.
Plant sterol-enriched soy milk consumption modulates 5-lipoxygenase, 12-lipoxygenase, and myeloperoxidase activities in healthy adults - a randomized-controlled trial$$$ A randomized, double blind, placebo‐controlled and crossover study was conducted to simultaneously measure the effects, after 3‐h and 4‐week daily exposure to plant sterols‐enriched food product, on inflammation, oxidative status, 5‐lipoxygenase, 12‐lipoxygenase, and myeloperoxidase activities in healthy adults. Eighteen healthy participants (67% female, 35.3 (mean) ± 9.5 (SD) years, mean body mass index 22.8 kg m‐2) received two soy milk (20g) treatments daily: placebo and one containing 2.0 g free plant sterols equivalent of their palmitates (β‐sitosterol, 55%$$$ campesterol, 29%$$$ stigmasterol, 23%). F2‐isoprostanes, leukotriene B4, sitosterol, campesterol, and stigmasterol concentrations were measured in the blood plasma and urine, using stable isotope‐labeled gas chromatography‐mass spectrometry. High‐sensitivity c‐reactive protein, tumor necrosis factor‐α, and lipoxin A4 concentrations in blood serum were measured using commercially available enzyme immunoassays. Myeloperoxidase activity, serum lipid hydroperoxides, plasma and urinary F2‐isoprostanes, plasma and urinary leukotriene B4, and plasma high‐sensitivity c‐reactive protein concentrations were significantly reduced, while circulating lipoxin A4 concentrations were significantly elevated after 4‐week plant sterols treatment. Plant sterols treatment decreased plasma leukotriene B4 and increased plasma lipoxin A4 concentrations acutely. Total plant sterols, β‐sitosterol, campesterol, and stigmasterol concentrations were significantly elevated after 4‐week treatments compared with the pre‐treatment concentrations. Our results suggest that dietary plant sterols, in the combination used, can alleviate lipid peroxidation and inflammatory events in vivo. These effects are possibly exerted via the modulation of myeloperoxidase, 5‐lipoxygenase, and 12‐lipoxygenase activities.
How to maintain a healthy body weight$$$ The epidemic of both obesity and type 2 diabetes is due to environmental factors, but the individuals developing the conditions possess a strong genetic predisposition. Observational surveys and intervention studies have shown that excess body fatness is the major environmental cause of type 2 diabetes, and that even a minor weight loss can prevent its development in high‐risk subjects. Maintenance of a healthy body weight in susceptible individuals requires 45‐60 minutes physical activity daily, a fat‐reduced diet with plenty of fruit, vegetables, whole grain, and lean meat and dairy products, and moderate consumption of calorie containing beverages. The use of table values to predict the glycemic index of meals is of little‐‐if any‐‐value, and the role of a low‐glycemic index diet for body weight control is controversial. The replacement of starchy carbohydrates with protein from lean meat and lean dairy products enhances satiety, and facilitate weight control. It is possible that dairy calcium also promotes weight loss, although the mechanism of action remains unclear. A weight loss of 5‐10% can be induced in almost all obese patients providing treatment is offered by a professional team consisting of a physician and dietitians or nurses trained to focus on weight loss and maintenance. Whereas increasing daily physical activity and regular exercise does not significantly effect the rate of weight loss in the induction phase, it plays an important role in the weight maintenance phase due to an impact on daily energy expenditure and also to a direct enhancement of insulin sensitivity.
IPP-rich milk protein hydrolysate lowers blood pressure in subjects with stage 1 hypertension, a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Milk derived peptides have been identified as potential antihypertensive agents. The primary objective was to investigate the effectiveness of IPP‐rich milk protein hydrolysates (MPH) on reducing blood pressure (BP) as well as to investigate safety parameters and tolerability. The secondary objective was to confirm or falsify ACE inhibition as the mechanism underlying BP reductions by measuring plasma renin activity and angiotensin I and II. METHODS: We conducted a randomized, placebo‐controlled, double blind, crossover study including 70 Caucasian subjects with prehypertension or stage 1 hypertension. Study treatments consisted of daily consumption of two capsules MPH1 (each containing 7.5 mg Isoleucine‐Proline‐Proline$$$ IPP), MPH2 (each containing 6.6 mg Methionine‐Alanine‐Proline, 2.3 mg Leucine‐Proline‐Proline, 1.8 mg IPP), or placebo (containing cellulose) for 4 weeks. RESULTS: In subjects with stage 1 hypertension, MPH1 lowered systolic BP by 3.8 mm Hg (P = 0.0080) and diastolic BP by 2.3 mm Hg (P = 0.0065) compared with placebo. In prehypertensive subjects, the differences in BP between MPH1 and placebo were not significant. MPH2 did not change BP significantly compared with placebo in stage I hypertensive or prehypertensive subjects. Intake of MPHs was well tolerated and safe. No treatment differences in hematology, clinical laboratory parameters or adverse effects were observed. No significant differences between MPHs and placebo were found in plasma renin activity, or angiotensin I and II. CONCLUSIONS: MPH1, containing IPP and no minerals, exerts clinically relevant BP lowering effects in subjects with stage 1 hypertension. It may be included in lifestyle changes aiming to prevent or reduce high BP. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT00471263.
Lactobacillus helveticus fermented milk lowers blood pressure in hypertensive subjects in 24-h ambulatory blood pressure measurement$$$ BACKGROUND: The present study was carried out to evaluate the blood pressure (BP)‐lowering effect and the safety aspects of Lactobacillus helveticus LBK‐16H fermented milk with high tripeptide doses on hypertensive subjects using 24‐h ambulatory measurements (ABPM). METHODS: In a randomized, double blinded placebo‐controlled parallel group study, 94 hypertensive patients not receiving any drug treatment were given 150 mL twice daily of either L. helveticus LBK‐16H fermented milk with a high concentration of tripeptides (Ile‐Pro‐Pro 7.5 mg/100 g and Val‐Pro‐Pro 10 mg/100 g) or a control product, for 10 weeks after a 4‐week run‐in period. Twenty‐four‐hour ABPM were taken at the beginning and at the end of the intervention period. The average baseline systolic and diastolic BP values were 132.6 +/‐ 9.9/83.0 +/‐ 8.0 mm Hg in the L. helveticus group and 130.3 +/‐ 9.6 /80.2 +/‐ 7.0 mm Hg in the control group. RESULTS: There was a mean difference of ‐4.1 +/‐ 0.9 mm Hg in systolic (P = .001) and a ‐1.8 +/‐ 0.7 mm Hg in diastolic BP (P = .048) between the L. helveticus group and the control group. There was no difference in the sum of the adverse events (P = .820). CONCLUSIONS: Lactobacillus helveticus LBK‐16H fermented milk containing bioactive peptides, in daily use, does have a BP‐lowering effect in hypertensive subjects and is thus a potential for the dietary treatment of hypertension.
Effects of a fermented milk drink containing Lactobacillus casei strain Shirota on the human NK-cell activity$$$ Nine healthy middle‐aged and 10 elderly volunteers drank fermented milk containing 4 x 10(10) live cells of Lactobacillus casei strain Shirota daily for 3 wk, and their natural killer (NK) activity and other immunological functions were examined. In the experiments with middle‐aged volunteers, NK activity significantly increased (P<0.01) 3 wk after the start of intake, elevated NK cell activity remained for the next 3 wk, and this effect was particularly prominent in the low‐NK‐activity individuals. In the experiments with elderly volunteers, NK activity significantly decreased (P<0.01) in the control group 3 wk after the start of intake$$$ however, the intake of Lactobacillus casei strain Shirota maintained the NK activity. These results suggest that daily intake of Lactobacillus casei strain Shirota provides a positive effect on NK‐cell activity.
Hypocholesterolemic effect of vegetable protein in a hypocaloric diet$$$ Eleven obese volunteers took part in a 12‐week study during 8 weeks of which 2 meals of their control 1000 kcal diets were replaced by a soya based liquid formula (1 month) or a milk based liquid formula (1 month). The mean weight loss per month was 2.5 kg (P less than 0.05). On the soya formula total and LDL cholesterol levels were reduced significantly over the month by 10.0 +/‐ 2.7% (P less than 0.01) and 17.5 +/‐ 5.6% (P less than 0.02), respectively. Neither the milk based formula or the control low calorie diet lowered serum cholesterol significantly over the diet period. No change was seen in serum triglycerides on any of the 3 diets. No difference was seen between treatments in 24‐h urinary C‐peptide excretion. The results indicated that use of a vegetable protein supplement in a weight loss program which induced moderate weight loss was associated with a reduction in blood lipids, whereas moderate weight loss on a control low calorie diet or milk based formula was not.
Delayed Lactogenesis II and potential utility of antenatal milk expression in women developing late-onset preeclampsia: a case series$$$ Background: Preeclampsia is a multi‐system, hypertensive disorder of pregnancy that increases a woman's risk of later‐life cardiovascular disease. Breastfeeding may counteract the negative cardiovascular sequela associated with preeclampsia$$$ however, women who develop preeclampsia may be at‐risk for suboptimal breastfeeding rates. In this case series, we present three cases of late‐onset preeclampsia and one case of severe gestational hypertension that illustrate a potential association between hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and suboptimal breastfeeding outcomes, including delayed onset of lactogenesis II and in‐hospital formula supplementation. Case presentation: All cases were drawn from an ongoing pilot randomized controlled trial investigating the impact of antenatal milk expression versus an education control on breastfeeding outcomes. All study participants were healthy nulliparous women recruited at 34‐366/7 gestational weeks from a hospital‐based midwife practice. The variability in clinical presentation among the four cases suggests that any effect of hypertensive disorders on breastfeeding outcomes is likely multifactorial in nature, and may include both primary (e.g., preeclampsia disease course itself) and secondary (e.g., magnesium sulfate therapy, delayed at‐breast feeding due to maternal‐infant separation) etiologies. We further describe the use of antenatal milk expression (AME), or milk expression and storage beginning around 37 weeks of gestation, as a potential intervention to mitigate suboptimal breastfeeding outcomes in women at risk for preeclampsia and other hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. Conclusions: Additional research is needed to address incidence, etiology, and interventions, including AME, for breastfeeding issues among a larger sample of women who develop hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.
Comparison of the effect of the dietary approaches to stop hypertension diet with usual dietary advice on expression of peroxisome proliferators-activated receptor gamma gene in women: a randomized controlled clinical trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Peroxisome proliferator‐activated receptor gamma (PPAR‐γ) which controls body weight, glucose homeostasis, and adipocyte differentiation is a valuable candidate gene for insulin resistance (IR). The present study aimed to compare the effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet and usual dietary advice (UDA) on PPAR‐γ gene expression in women at risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD). METHODS: This randomized controlled trial was performed on 44 women aged 20‐50 years at risk for CVD (BMI > 25 kg/m2 and low physical activity). Participants were randomly assigned to the UDA (n = 22) or DASH (n = 22) diets for 12 weeks. The DASH diet was rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains and low‐fat dairy products and low in saturated fat, total fat, cholesterol, refined grains and sweets, with a total of 2400 mg/day sodium. The UDA diet was a regular diet with healthy dietary advice. Anthropometric indices and PPAR‐γ gene expression were measured and compared between the two groups at the end of the study. RESULTS: After the intervention, body mass index (BMI) and waist circumference (WC) significantly decreased in the DASH group (P < 0.050) but the results showed no significant differences between the two groups. At the end of the trial, PPAR‐γ gene expression was significantly different between the UDA and the DASH diet groups (P = 0.040) and this difference remained significant after adjustment for BMI, and physical activity (P = 0.030). CONCLUSION: The result of the study showed that the DASH diet significantly decreased the expression of PPAR‐γ. This finding was unexpected and future studies on the current topic are therefore recommended.
Mediterranean diet and risk of pancreatic cancer in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition cohort$$$ Background:The Mediterranean diet (MD) has been proposed as a means for cancer prevention, but little evidence has been accrued regarding its potential to prevent pancreatic cancer. We investigated the association between the adherence to the MD and pancreatic cancer risk within the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC) cohort.Methods:Over half a million participants from 10 European countries were followed up for over 11 years, after which 865 newly diagnosed exocrine pancreatic cancer cases were identified. Adherence to the MD was estimated through an adapted score without the alcohol component (arMED) to discount alcohol‐related harmful effects. Cox proportional hazards regression models, stratified by age, sex and centre, and adjusted for energy intake, body mass index, smoking status, alcohol intake and diabetes status at recruitment, were used to estimate hazard ratios (HRs) associated with pancreatic cancer and their corresponding 95% confidence intervals (CIs).Results:Adherence to the arMED score was not associated with risk of pancreatic cancer (HR high vs low adherence=0.99$$$ 95% CI: 0.77‐1.26, and HR per increments of two units in adherence to arMED=1.00$$$ 95% CI: 0.94‐1.06). There was no convincing evidence for heterogeneity by smoking status, body mass index, diabetes or European region. There was also no evidence of significant associations in analyses involving microscopically confirmed cases, plausible reporters of energy intake or other definitions of the MD pattern.Conclusions:A high adherence to the MD is not associated with pancreatic cancer risk in the EPIC study.
A pilot study of synbiotic supplementation on breast milk mineral concentrations and growth of exclusively breast fed infants$$$ Despite the crucial role of breast milk mineral contents for health and growth of the infants, they decrease with the duration of lactation. So, this pilot study aimed to determine the effects of synbiotic supplementation on breast milk mineral composition and infants' growth. In this pilot, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial, 57 lactating mothers were randomly divided into two groups to receive a daily supplement of synbiotic (n=30) or a placebo (n=27) for 30 days. Breast milk zinc, copper, Iron, magnesium and, calcium concentrations were determined by flame atomic absorption spectrometry. Weight for age Z‐score (WAZ) and height for age Z‐score (HAZ) were assessed for infants. Dietary intake was collected from lactating women using the 24‐h recall method. Data analyses were carried out using nutritionist IV, Epi Info and SPSS soft wares. Synbiotic supplementation led to an insignificant increase of the mean breast milk levels of zinc (from 2.44±0.65 to 2.55±0.55mgL‐1), copper (from 0.35±0.24 to 0.40±0.26mgL‐1), iron (from 0.28±0.42 to 0.31±0.38mgL‐1), magnesium (from 17.14±1.35 to 17.17±1.09mgL‐1), and calcium (from 189±25.3 to 189.9±21.7mgL‐1)$$$ whilst in the placebo group, these variables decreased significantly (P=0.001). The observed changes between two groups were statistically significant (P<0.05). Although WAZ and HAZ of infants increased slightly in the supplemented group (from 1.19±0.79 to 1.20±0.69 and 0.36±0.86 to 0.37±0.85 respectively), these two parameters decreased in the placebo group which was significant only for WAZ (P=0.01). Moreover, no significant association was found between mineral intake and breast milk mineral contents. It seems, synbiotic supplementation may have positive effects on breast milk mineral contents.
The effect of Diet on Breast Cancer recurrence: the DIANA-5 randomized trial$$$ PURPOSE: The DIANA‐5 randomized controlled trial assessed the effectiveness of a diet based on Mediterranean and macrobiotic traditions (macro‐Mediterranean diet) in reducing breast cancer recurrence. PATIENTS AND METHODS: The DIANA‐5 study involved 1,542 patients with breast cancer at high risk of recurrence because of estrogen receptor‐negative cancer, or metabolic syndrome, or high plasma levels of insulin or testosterone. Women were randomly assigned to an active dietary intervention (IG) or a control group (CG). Both groups received the 2007 American Institute for Cancer Research/World Cancer Research Fund recommendations for cancer prevention. The intervention consisted of meetings with kitchen classes, community meals, and dietary recommendations. Recommended foods included whole grain cereals, legumes, soy products, vegetables, fruit, nuts, olive oil, and fish. Foods to be avoided were refined products, potatoes, sugar and desserts, red and processed meat, dairy products, and alcoholic drinks. A compliance Dietary Index was defined by the difference between recommended and discouraged foods. RESULTS: Over the 5 years of follow‐up, 95 patients of the IG and 98 of the CG developed breast cancer recurrence [HR = 0.99$$$ 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.69‐1.40]. The analysis by compliance to the dietary recommendations (IG and CG together) showed that the women in the upper tertile of Dietary Index change had an HR of recurrence of 0.59 (95% CI: 0.36‐0.92) compared with women in the lower tertile. CONCLUSIONS: The DIANA‐5 dietary intervention trial failed to show a reduction in breast cancer recurrence, although self‐reported diet at year 1 in IG and CG combined showed a protective association with the higher Dietary Index change. See related commentary by McTiernan, p. 931.
Associations between fruit, vegetable and legume intakes and prostate cancer risk: results from the prospective Supplémentation en Vitamines et Minéraux Antioxydants (SU.VI.MAX) cohort$$$ Although experimental studies suggest that fruits, vegetables and legumes may exert protective effects against prostate carcinogenesis through various bioactive compounds such as dietary fibre and antioxidants, epidemiological evidence is lacking. Notably, very few prospective studies have investigated the relationship between legume intake and prostate cancer risk. Our objective was to prospectively investigate the association between fruit, vegetable, tomato products, potatoes and legume intakes and prostate cancer risk. This study included 3313 male participants to the SUpplémentation en VItamines et Minéraux AntioXydants cohort (follow‐up: 1994‐2007) who completed at least three 24‐h dietary records during the first 2 years of follow‐up. Associations between tertiles of intake and prostate cancer risk were assessed by multivariate Cox proportional hazards models. After a median follow‐up of 12.6 years, 139 incident prostate cancers were diagnosed. An inverse association was observed between prostate cancer risk and tertiles of legume intake (hazard ratio (HR)T3v.T1=0.53$$$ 95 % CI 0.34, 0.85$$$ P trend=0.009). This association was maintained after excluding soya and soya products from the legume group (HRT3 v.T1=0.56$$$ 95 % CI 0.35, 0.89$$$ P trend=0.02). No association was observed between prostate cancer risk and tertiles of intakes of fruits (P trend=0.25), vegetables (P trend=0.91), potatoes (P trend=0.77) and tomato products (P trend=0.09). This prospective study confirms the null association between fruit and non‐starchy vegetable intakes and prostate cancer risk observed in most previous cohorts. In contrast, although very few prospective studies have been published on the topic, our results suggest an inverse association between legume intake and prostate cancer risk, supported by mechanistic plausibility. These results should be confirmed by large‐scale observational and intervention studies.
Effect of ingesting sour milk fermented using Lactobacillus helveticus bacteria producing tripeptides on blood pressure in subjects with mild hypertension$$$ Angiotensin‐converting enzyme (ACE) is important in the regulation of blood pressure (BP). Two tripeptides that inhibit ACE, isoleucyl‐prolyl‐proline (Ile‐Pro‐Pro) and valyl‐prolyl‐proline (Val‐Pro‐Pro), have been isolated from certain sour milks. The aim of the study reported was to evaluate the effect on BP in subjects with mild hypertension of a new sour milk containing tripeptides. The initial number of subjects was 60 (36 men, 24 women). Among the criteria for inclusion in the study were systolic BP (SBP) between 140 and 180 mmHg and/or diastolic BP (DPB) between 90 and 110 mmHg, without antihypertensive drug therapy. There were two study periods with a washout period between. All subjects were given 1.5 dl per day of a placebo (regular sour milk) or of the active product, a milk that had been fermented with Lactobacillus helveticus bacteria and contained 2.4‐2.7 mg of Ile‐Pro‐Pro and 2.4‐2.7 mg of Val‐Pro‐Pro per 1.5 dl. In the first phase, SBP fell 16 mmHg from baseline in the active group, 2 mmHg more than in the placebo group (P=0.0668) and no difference in DBP (P=0.92). There was a statistically significant downward trend both in SBP and DBP (P=0.0001). During the second phase, SBP fell 11 mmHg in the active group (P=0.008). The reduction in SBP was significantly larger in active than placebo group (P=0.012). In the crossover analysis combining both phases, SBP fell on average 2.6+/‐15.9 mmHg more on the active product compared with the placebo product, but this difference was not statistically significant (P=0.3111). The difference in DBP, 1.0+/‐8.3 mmHg between the two test products was not significant either (P=0.4431). In conclusion, the ingestion of sour milk fermented by L. helveticus bacteria and that containing ACE inhibitory tripeptides seems to lower BP modestly.
Casein Hydrolysate Containing Milk-Derived Peptides Reduces Facial Pigmentation Partly by Decreasing Advanced Glycation End Products in the Skin: a Randomized Double-Blind Placebo-Controlled Trial$$$ Casein hydrolysate has been shown to improve arterial stiffness as estimated by brachial‐ankle pulse wave velocity (baPWV) in untreated hypertensive patients. Facial pigmentation is associated with atherosclerosis, both of which are supposed to be modulated by tissue accumulation of advanced glycation end products (AGEs). However, effects of casein hydrolysate on facial pigmentation and AGEs remain largely unknown. This randomized double‐blind placebo‐controlled trial evaluated whether and how casein hydrolysate improves facial pigmentation in 80 nonhypertensive Japanese patients. Study participants were randomly assigned to receive either active tablets containing casein hydrolysate or placebo for 48 weeks. Facial pigmentation area, baPWV, and skin accumulation levels of AGEs were evaluated by Robo Skin Analyzer RSA50S II, volume‐plethysmographic apparatus, and AGE Reader, respectively, at baseline and at the end of the intervention. Treatment with casein hydrolysate, but not placebo significantly reduced triglycerides and facial pigmentation area. There were significant differences of changes in triglycerides, facial pigmentation area, skin accumulation levels of AGEs, and baPWV between the two groups. Furthermore, changes in triglycerides and skin accumulation levels of AGEs were positively and independently associated with those in facial pigmentation area, whereas changes in baPWV were not. This study suggests that casein hydrolysate reduces facial pigmentation area in nonhypertensive participants partly by decreasing skin accumulation levels of AGEs. Clinical‐Trials.gov ID: UMIN000027675.
Effects of Christian Orthodox Fasting Versus Time-Restricted Eating on Plasma Irisin Concentrations Among Overweight Metabolically Healthy Individuals$$$ Irisin has been recently identified as an adipomyokine produced during physical activity and involved in the browning of adipose tissue. Despite the emerging evidence suggesting an inverse relationship between irisin plasma concentrations and adverse metabolic outcomes, the exact impact of diet on irisin levels remains obscure. Thus, we aimed to assess the effects of two dietary patterns, Christian Orthodox fasting (OF) and 16:8 time‐restricted eating (TRE), on circulating irisin levels among overweight, metabolically healthy, adults. Plasma irisin, glucose and lipid parameters, calcium homeostasis, and anthropometry were evaluated in 29 Orthodox fasters and 14 age and body mass index (BMI)‐matched TRE controls (mean age and BMI, 48.8 years and 28.7 kg/m2, respectively) at three, distinct time points—before the implementation of the energyrestricted diets (baseline), at the end of the dietary intervention (7 weeks) and 5 weeks after participants returned to their typical dietary habits (12 weeks from baseline). Repeated measures analysis was applied to assess differences between the two groups and the effect of several indices on irisin levels at all three time points. At 12 weeks, the OF group manifested higher irisin concentrations compared with both its baseline values (64.3 ± 54.4 vs. 43.6 ± 42.2 ng/mL, p = 0.01) and those of the TRE group at the same time point (64.3 ± 54.4 vs. 44.2 ± 26.6 ng/mL, p = 0.04). Glycemic, lipid, and anthropometric parameters were not found to correlate with irisin levels. In contrast, parathyroid hormone (PTH) concentrations at 12 weeks correlated with irisin concentrations (p = 0.04), indicating that lower values of irisin are expected for higher PTH measurements. The findings of this pilot study suggest favorable long‐term effects of OF on irisin levels. The interplay between irisin, PTH, and diet warrants further investigation.
A bedtime milk snack does not impact RMR, substrate utilisation and appetite the following morning in mildly overweight males$$$ Nighttime eating is often associated with a negative impact on weight management and cardiometabolic health. However, data from recent acute metabolic studies have implicated a benefit of ingesting a bedtime snack for weight management. The present study compared the impact of ingesting a milk snack containing either 10 (BS10) or 30 g (BS30) protein with a non‐energetic placebo (BS0) 30 min before bedtime on next morning metabolism, appetite and energy intake in mildly overweight males (age: 24·3 (sem 0·8) years$$$ BMI: 27·4 (sem 1·1) kg/m2). Next morning measurements of RMR, appetite and energy intake were measured using indirect calorimetry, visual analogue scales and an ad libitum breakfast, respectively. Bedtime milk ingestion did not alter next morning RMR (BS0: 7822 (sem 276) kJ/d, BS10: 7482 (sem 262) kJ/d, BS30: 7851 (sem 261) kJ/d, P=0·19) or substrate utilisation as measured by RER (P=0·64). Bedtime milk ingestion reduced hunger (P=0·01) and increased fullness (P=0·04) during the evening immediately after snack ingestion, but elicited no effect the next morning. Next morning breakfast (BS0: 2187 (sem 365) kJ, BS10: 2070 (sem 336) kJ, BS30: 2582 (sem 384) kJ, P=0·21) and 24 h post‐trial (P=0·95) energy intake was similar between conditions. To conclude, in mildly overweight adults, compared with a non‐energetic placebo, a bedtime milk snack containing 10 or 30 g of protein does not confer changes in next morning whole‐body metabolism and appetite that may favour weight management.
Milk protein fractions moderately extend the duration of satiety compared with carbohydrates independently of their digestive kinetics in overweight subjects$$$ Digestive kinetics are believed to modulate satiety through the modulation of nutrient delivery. We hypothesised that the duration of satiety could be extended by modulating the kinetics of dietary amino acid delivery in overweight subjects, using snacks containing casein and whey protein. In the present study, eighty‐two subjects underwent a first satiety test where they received a control snack containing 60 g maltodextrin. For the next 5 d, the subjects consumed a liquid protein snack containing 30 g carbohydrates and 30 g proteins (casein, whey protein or an equal mix of the two$$$ n 26‐28 per group). The subjects then underwent a second satiety test after ingesting the protein snack. The time period elapsing between the snack and request for lunch, food intake at lunch and satiety scores were recorded. A subgroup of twenty‐four subjects underwent a digestive and metabolic investigation after ingesting their protein snack. Gastric emptying times were 2·5, 4 and 6 h for whey protein, mix and casein, respectively, displaying different kinetics of appearance of dietary N in plasma but without affecting pancreatic and gastrointestinal hormones. Compared with the control snack, proteins extended the duration of satiety (+17 min, P= 0·02), with no difference between the protein groups. The satiating effect of proteins was greater in subjects who ate their lunch early after the snack (below the median value, i.e. 2 h) at the control test (+32 min, P= 0·001). Energy intake at lunch was not modulated by proteins. The satiating effect of proteins is efficient in overweight subjects, especially when the duration of satiety is short, but independently of their digestive and plasma amino acid kinetics.
Skim milk compared with a fruit drink acutely reduces appetite and energy intake in overweight men and women$$$ BACKGROUND: Several studies show that proteins, including whey and casein, are more satiating than carbohydrates. It follows that skim milk would be more satiating than sugar‐rich beverages. However, this has yet to be shown. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to investigate the effects of drinking skim milk in comparison with a fruit drink at breakfast on self‐reported postmeal satiety and energy intake at lunch. DESIGN: In a randomized crossover trial, 34 overweight women (n = 21) and men (n = 13) attended 2 sessions 1 wk apart. At each session, participants consumed a fixed‐energy breakfast together with either 600 mL skim milk (25 g protein, 36 g lactose, <1 g fat$$$ 1062 kJ) or 600 mL fruit drink (<1 g protein, 63 g sugar, <1 g fat$$$ approximately 1062 kJ). Participants provided satiety ratings throughout the morning. Four hours after breakfast they consumed an ad libitum lunch, and energy intake was assessed. RESULTS: Participants consumed significantly less energy at lunch after consuming skim milk (mean: 2432 kJ$$$ 95% CI: 2160, 2704 kJ) than after consuming the fruit drink (mean: 2658 kJ$$$ 95% CI: 2386, 2930 kJ), with a mean difference of approximately 8.5% (P < 0.05). In addition, self‐reports of satiety were higher throughout the morning after consumption of skim milk than after consumption of the fruit drink (P < 0.05) with the differences becoming larger over the 4 h (P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: Consumption of skim milk, in comparison with a fruit drink, leads to increased perceptions of satiety and to decreased energy intake at a subsequent meal. This trial was registered with the Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry at (www.anzctr.org.au) as ACTRN12608000510347.
Habitual physical activity and plasma metabolomic patterns distinguish individuals with low vs. high weight loss during controlled energy restriction$$$ BACKGROUND: Total weight loss induced by energy restriction is highly variable even under tightly controlled conditions. Identifying weight‐loss discriminants would provide a valuable weight management tool and insights into body weight regulation. OBJECTIVE: This study characterized responsiveness to energy restriction in adults from variables including the plasma metabolome, endocrine and inflammatory markers, clinical indices, body composition, diet, and physical activity. METHODS: Data were derived from a controlled feeding trial investigating the effect of 3‐4 dairy product servings in an energy‐restricted diet (2092 kJ/d reduction) over 12 wk. Partial least squares regression was used to identify weight‐loss discriminants in 67 overweight and obese adults. Linear mixed models were developed to identify discriminant variable differences in high‐ vs. low‐weight‐loss responders. RESULTS: Both pre‐ and postintervention variables (n = 127) were identified as weight‐loss discriminants (root mean squared error of prediction = 1.85 kg$$$ Q(2) = 0.43). Compared with low‐responders (LR), high‐responders (HR) had greater decreases in body weight (LR: 2.7 ± 1.6 kg$$$ HR: 9.4 ± 1.8 kg, P < 0.01), BMI (in kg/m(2)$$$ LR: 1.0 ± 0.6$$$ HR: 3.3 ± 0.5, P < 0.01), and total fat (LR: 2.2 ± 1.1 kg$$$ HR: 8.0 ± 2.1 kg, P < 0.01). Significant group effects unaffected by the intervention were determined for the respiratory exchange ratio (LR: 0.86 ± 0.05$$$ HR: 0.82 ± 0.03, P < 0.01), moderate physical activity (LR: 127 ± 52 min$$$ HR: 167 ± 68 min, P = 0.02), sedentary activity (LR: 1090 ± 99 min$$$ HR: 1017 ± 110 min, P = 0.02), and plasma stearate [LR: 102,000 ± 21,000 quantifier ion peak height (QIPH)$$$ HR: 116,000 ± 24,000 QIPH, P = 0.01]. CONCLUSIONS: Overweight and obese individuals highly responsive to energy restriction had accelerated reductions in adiposity, likely supported in part by higher lipid mobilization and combustion. A novel observation was that person‐to‐person differences in habitual physical activity and magnitude of weight loss were accompanied by unique blood metabolite signatures. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00858312.
Probio-X Relieves Symptoms of Hyperlipidemia by Regulating Patients' Gut Microbiome, Blood Lipid Metabolism, and Lifestyle Habits$$$ Hyperlipidemia is a key risk factor for cardiovascular disease, and it is associated with lipid metabolic disorders and gut microbiota dysbiosis. Here, we aimed to investigate the beneficial effects of 3‐month intake of a mixed probiotic formulation in hyperlipidemic patients (n = 27 and 29 in placebo and probiotic groups, respectively). The blood lipid indexes, lipid metabolome, and fecal microbiome before and after the intervention were monitored. Our results showed that probiotic intervention could significantly decrease the serum levels of total cholesterol, triglyceride, and low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (P, 0.05), while increasing the levels of high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (P, 0.05) in patients with hyperlipidemia. Probiotic recipients showing improved blood lipid profile also exhibited significant differences in their lifestyle habits after the 3‐month intervention, with an increase in daily intake of vegetable and dairy products, as well as weekly exercise time (P, 0.05). Moreover, two blood lipid metabolites (namely, acetyl‐carnitine and free carnitine) significantly increased after probiotic supplementation cholesterol (P, 0.05). In addition, probiotic‐driven mitigation of hyperlipidemic symptoms were accompanied by increases in beneficial bacteria like Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis and Lactiplantibacillus plantarum in patients’ fecal microbiota. These results supported that mixed probiotic application could regulate host gut microbiota balance, lipid metabolism, and lifestyle habits, through which hyperlipidemic symptoms could be alleviated. The findings of this study urge further research and development of probiotics into nutraceuticals for managing hyperlipidemia. IMPORTANCE The human gut microbiota have a potential effect on the lipid metabolism and are closely related to the disease hyperlipidemia. Our trial has demonstrated that 3‐month intake of a mixed probiotic formulation alleviates hyperlipidemic symptoms, possibly by modulation of gut microbes and host lipid metabolism. The findings of the present study provide new insights into the treatment of hyperlipidemia, mechanisms of novel therapeutic strategies, and application of probiotics‐based therapy.
Effect of food set with pumpkin cheese ingredients on changes of the level of blood lipid profile in healthy volunteers$$$ INTERVENTION: food set with the placebo cheese per day for 5 days, food set with the pumpkin cheese per day for 5 days food set with the placebo cheese per day,food set with the functional anthocyanin 2 g per day Placebo Comparator Dietary Supplement,Experimental Dietary Supplement CONDITION: Healthy condition $$$ Pumpkin Cheese, Functional Food, Non‐Communicating Diseases (NCDs), Lipid profile Pumpkin Cheese, Functional Food, Non‐Communicating Diseases (NCDs), Lipid profile PRIMARY OUTCOME: HDL‐Cholesterol Baseline, day 1 (at 1, 3, 6 h), and 5 days Laboratory of hospital SECONDARY OUTCOME: Inflammatory markers (IL‐6, IL‐10, IL‐17, TNF‐alpha), and Serum amyloid‐A (SAA) Baseline and 5 days HHPHP laboratory$$$ ELISA method,Lipid profiles (Total Cholesterol, Triglyceride, and LDL‐Cholesterol) Baseline, day 1 (at 1, 3, 6 h), and 5 days Laboratory of hospital,Acute‐phase proteins (C‐reactive protein (CRP) Baseline, day 1 (at 1, 3, 6 h), and 5 days Laboratory of hospital,Fasting blood glucose, Insulin, HOMA‐IR, Glucose concentration (AUC) Baseline, day 1 (at 1, 3, 6 h), and 5 days HHPHP laboratory, except Insulin by hospital laboratory, Deoxyguanosine (8OHDG) Baseline and 5 days HHPHP laboratory$$$ ELISA method,Vascular cell adhesion molecule 1 (VCAM1) Baseline and 5 days HHPHP laboratory$$$ ELISA method,Lactobacillus spp. and Bifidobacterium spp.) and Short chain fatty acid Baseline and 5 days HHPHP laboratory$$$ Basic bacterial culture,DASS‐21 Baseline and 5 days HHPHP laboratory$$$ Questionair,Physical fitness Baseline and 5 days HHPHP laboratory,Blood flow and Cerebral blood flow Baseline and 5 days HHPHP laboratory INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Female volunteers aged 18‐45 years with normal health. (Use only females because it reduces differences in metabolic rates between males and females.) 2. Body mass inde Xin the normal range (18‐25 kg/m2) 3. HOMA‐IR less than 2.6 (Cut off insulin resistance) 4. Stress is at a level not exceeding moderate stress. (score less than 12) from the evaluation with the depressive mood questionnaire Anxiety and stress (DASS‐21) 5. Can communicate Can read and write Thai.
Urine accurately reflects circulating isoflavonoids and ascertains compliance during soy intervention$$$ BACKGROUND: Isoflavonoids (IFL) may protect against chronic diseases, including cancer. IFL exposure is traditionally measured from plasma (PL), but the reliability of urine is uncertain. We assessed whether IFL excretion in overnight urine (OU) or spot urine (SU) reliably reflects IFLs in PL and the usefulness of the three matrices to determine soy intake compliance. METHODS: In a randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled soy intervention trial with 350 postmenopausal women, IFLs (daidzein, genistein, glycitein, equol, O‐desmethylangolensin, dihydrodaidzein, dihydrogenistein) were analyzed by liquid chromatography/mass spectrometry in OU, SU, and PL collected at baseline and every 6 months over 2.5 years. RESULTS: High between‐subject intraclass correlations between all three matrices (median, 0.94) and high between‐subject Pearson correlations (median r(OU‐PL) = 0.80$$$ median r(SU‐PL) = 0.80$$$ median r(OU‐SU) = 0.92) allowed the development of equations to predict IFL values from any of the three matrices. Equations developed from a randomly selected 87% of all available data were valid because high correlations were found on the residual 13% of data between equation‐generated and measured IFL values (median r(OU‐PL) = 0.86$$$ median r(SU‐PL) = 0.78$$$ median r(OU‐SU) = 0.84)$$$ median absolute IFL differences for OU‐PL, SU‐PL, and OU‐SU were 8.8 nmol/L, 10.3 nmol/L, and 0.28 nmol/mg, respectively. All three matrices showed highly significant IFL differences between the placebo and soy intervention group at study end (P < 0.0001) and highly significant correlations between IFL values and counted soy doses in the intervention group. CONCLUSIONS: OU and SU IFL excretion reflect circulating PL IFL levels in healthy postmenopausal women accurately. IMPACT: Noninvasively‐collected urine can be used to reliably determine systemic IFL exposure and soy intake compliance.
Efficacy of the Survivor Health and Resilience Education (SHARE) program to improve bone health behaviors among adolescent survivors of childhood cancer$$$ PURPOSE: The purpose of this study is to test the efficacy of the Survivor Health and Resilience Education Program intervention‐‐a manualized, behavioral intervention focusing on bone health behaviors among adolescent survivors of childhood cancer. METHODS: Participants were 75 teens aged 11‐21 years, one or more years post‐treatment, and currently cancer‐free. Teens were randomized to a group‐based intervention focusing on bone health or a wait‐list control. Bone health behaviors were assessed at baseline and 1‐month post‐intervention. RESULTS: Controlling for baseline outcome measures and theoretical predictors, milk consumption frequency (p=0.03), past month calcium supplementation (p<0.001), days in the past month with calcium supplementation (p<0.001), and dietary calcium intake (p=0.04) were significantly greater at 1‐month follow‐up among intervention participants compared with control participants. CONCLUSIONS: The intervention had a significant short‐term impact on self‐reported bone health behaviors among adolescent survivors of childhood cancer. Research examining long‐term intervention effectiveness is warranted.
Consumption of black tea elicits an increase in plasma antioxidant potential in humans$$$ Epidemiological studies suggest that the consumption of tea flavonoids may be associated with reduced risk of coronary heart disease, stroke and cancer‐related deaths. The flavonoids are polyphenols which in vitro exhibit antioxidant properties. Tea flavonoids are known to be rapidly absorbed into the circulation following oral ingestion. To date few studies have demonstrated that these bioavailable flavonoids retain antioxidant properties in vivo. Nine healthy subjects aged between 26 and 59 (one male and eight females) took part in 3 study days. On 1 day subjects consumed no tea and on the other 2 days subjects drank either black tea with milk, or black tea alone at hourly intervals between 9.00 a.m. and 14.00 p.m. Blood was sampled at 9.00 a.m. and at 12.00 p.m. and 15.00 p.m. The antioxidant potential of plasma was determined using the ferric reducing antioxidant power (FRAP) assay. Subjects consuming no tea exhibited no significant change in FRAP across the 6 hours of the study day. Similarly consumption of milky tea produced no change in FRAP between 9.00 a.m. and 12.00 p.m. and the 50% increase in FRAP noted between 12.00 p.m. and 15.00 p.m. was not statistically significant. When the subjects consumed black tea without milk FRAP increased by 65% between 9.00 a.m. and 12.00 p.m. (P = 0.02) and at 15.00 p.m. was 76% higher than at 9.00 a.m. (P = 0.002). Heavy consumption of black tea thus appears to elevate circulating antioxidant potentials in vivo. This is an effect which appears to be totally negated by the drinking of tea with milk. Although tea may thus represent an important source of dietary antioxidants in many societies, the role of tea in reducing risk of major disease states needs to be investigated in more detail.
Investigating the Effect of Acute Fat Ingestion on Glucose Metabolism in Young, Healthy Adults: a Dose Response Study$$$ Objectives: Chronic high‐fat diets have been shown to disrupt glucose metabolism but the metabolic changes that occur during the acute postprandial period following a single high‐fat meal are not fully understood. Our objective is to compare the postprandial availability of metabolites 5h post consumption of meals containing 25, 50, or 75% fat. We hypothesize that postprandial glycemia (primary outcome) and lipidemia (secondary outcome) will be higher with increasing quantities of fat. Methods: Twenty healthy, recreationally active adults (50% male, 18‐35 y, body mass index (BMI): 18.5‐30.0 kg/m2) will be recruited for this double‐blind, randomized, 3‐way crossover study. Following an overnight fast participants will consume three mixed macronutrient dairy‐based liquid meals containing 25, 50, and 75% energy from fat (15 kcal/kg body mass, 15% energy from protein) on separate visits with a minimum 1‐week washout. Serial blood samples will be drawn throughout the entire 5h postprandial period for the measurement of glucose, insulin, triglycerides, total cholesterol, low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol, and high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol. Our full dataset will be analyzed using one‐way repeated measures ANOVA with fat content as a factor (25 vs 50 vs 75%) and Tukey’s post hoc test to identify specific pairwise comparisons. Group data are means ± SD. Results: To date, n=11 participants have completed the study and biochemical analysis is currently underway. At baseline, participants were 20 ± 5 y of age (n=8 males), normal weight based on BMI (23.9 ± 2.9 kg/m2), aerobically fit (VO2peak = 42.2 ± 3.3 mL/min/kg) and had healthy fasting blood glucose (5.3 ± 0.2 mM). Blinded biochemical data is available for n=1 male participant. Glucose concentrations peaked at 5.8 mM (30 min), 5.3 mM (210 min), and 7.0 mM (45 min) for visits 1, 2, and 3, respectively. This corresponds to a 9%, 0%, and 32% increase from baseline for each respective visit. Triglyceride concentrations peaked at 0.9 mM (300 min), 1.4 mM (210 min), and 0.6 mM (210 min) for visits 1, 2, and 3, respectively). Conclusions: Our preliminary data suggest that the fat load of a single meal may alter peak postprandial glucose concentrations. Statistical analysis on the full, unblinded dataset is required to identify patterns and confirm these preliminary findings. Funding Sources: Canadian Institutes of Health Research CGS‐M.
Endogenous GLP-1 and treatment with liragluitde affect activation in reward and satiety related brain areas in response to palatable food$$$ Background and aims: Central nervous system (CNS) activation in response to food cues may play an important role in the regulation of food intake. Obesity is associated with a deficit in responsivity to palatable food in reward areas of the CNS, which may lead to an increase in food intake, as a means to compensate for understimulation of the CNS reward system. It is suggested that alterations in these CNS responses may contribute to the development of obesity and type 2 diabetes (T2DM). The gut‐derived hormone glucagon‐like peptide‐1 (GLP‐1) and GLP‐1 receptor agonists (GLP‐1RA) reduce appetite and body weight. It has been suggested that these effects are, at least to some extent, mediated by effects on the CNS. We hypothesized that, in humans, endogenous GLP‐1 and treatment with a GLP‐1RA influence activation in reward and satiety related areas in the CNS in response to intake of palatable food. Materials and methods: Using functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI), we determined the effects of endogenous GLP‐1 and treatment with the GLP‐1 analogue liraglutide on acute CNS activation to the receipt of chocolate milk. In the first study, infusion of the GLP‐1 receptor antagonist exendin 9‐39, was used to block endogenous GLP‐1 effects in healthy lean individuals (n=20,mean ± SD age 56.3±6.2 yrs,BMI 22.5± 1.7 kg/m2, 10 males) and obese patients with T2DM (n=20, mean ± SD age 59.3±4.1 yrs, BMI 32.0±4.7 kg/m2, 11 males). Infusion with exendin 9‐39 was compared to placebo infusion, which were performed on two separate test visits. In the second study, in a cross‐over design with only the T2DMpatients, we compared CNS activation between treatment with liraglutide 1.8 mg and insulin glargine at two time points, i.e. after 10 days and 12 weeks of treatment. Results: Reduced activation in response to the receipt of chocolate milk was observed in T2DM patients, compared to lean individuals, in right insula (p=0.04). Blockade of endogenous GLP‐1 effects blunted the activation to chocolate milk receipt in healthy lean individuals in bilateral insula (right p=0.01, left p=0.03). Increased activations in response to chocolate milk were observed after 10 days of treatment with liraglutide, compared to insulin, in right insula (p=0.03) and right caudate nucleus (p=0.01), but these effect ceased to be significant after 12 weeks of treatment. Conclusion: We found effects of GLP‐1 and liraglutide in the insula and caudate nucleus, areas implicated in CNS reward and the central regulation of food intake. Our results indicate that endogenous GLP‐1 contributes to the central regulation of feeding. Furthermore, compared to insulin, shortterm treatment with the GLP‐1 analogue liraglutide may improve the observed deficit in the responsivity of the CNS to palatable food in obese T2DM patients, which may contribute to the induction of weight loss observed during this treatment. However, there were no long‐term effects of liraglutide on CNS activation. This may explain why weight loss does not proceed after the initial treatment period with liraglutide 1.8 mg.
Postprandial effects of macronutrient composition meals on the metabolic responses and arterial stiffness indices of lean and obese male adults: a protocol of a pilot study$$$ Background: Prior studies have shown that meal composition may affect the metabolic responses and arterial stiffness indices, and these responses may be different in lean and obese adults. The primary objective of this study is to determine the feasibility of conducting a trial to compare the effect of three test meals in lean and obese men. Due to the lack of a comprehensive study that concurrently compares metabolic responses and vascular stiffness indices after receiving three different meals in lean and obese men, this pilot study will be conducted with a three‐phase parallel design, aiming to investigate the effects of meal composition on the metabolic parameters and arterial stiffness indices of lean and obese adults. Methods: This pilot, a parallel clinical trial will be performed on 24 male adults aged 18–35 years since January 2021 and will continue until March 2021 who are disease‐free and selected based on the inclusion and exclusion criteria at Mashhad University of Medical Sciences, Iran. The subjects will complete three interventions at a 1‐week interval, including high carbohydrate (70% carbohydrates, 10% protein, 20% fat), high protein (30% protein, 50% carbohydrates, 20% fat), and high‐fat meal (50% fat, 40% carbohydrates, 10% protein). Postprandial effects will be assessed within 360 min after each meal, including the energy expenditure component (resting energy expenditure, thermic effects of feeding, respiratory quotient, and substrate oxidation) and arterial stiffness indices (augmentation index and pulse wave velocity). In addition, blood sampling will be performed to measure glucose, insulin, free fatty acids, and lipid profile. Discussion: The differences in the postprandial responses can affect the metabolic and vascular parameters due to different meal compositions, thereby providing beneficial data for the establishment of new strategies in terms of nutritional education and metabolic/vascular improvement. Also, the results from this pilot study will inform intervention refinement and efficacy testing of the intervention in a larger randomized controlled trial. Trial registration: Iranian Registry of Clinical Trials$$$ code: IRCT20190818044552N1$$$ registered on August 26, 2019
Visual cues and food intake: distortion power of plate and spoon size on overweight and obese university staff$$$ Background: This study was designed to evaluate the effect of the size of plate, spoon, and fork on food and energy intake during a meal in obese or overweight staff. Methods: This was a crossover randomized controlled trial that was conducted on 40 obese or overweight clerical staff of the university. The staff was invited to have lunch randomly, receiving either a large or a small set of plate, spoon, and fork. Washout period was 3 weeks, and the participants were then invited to have lunch in a second intervention period and received opposite sizes of dishes compared to the first period sizes. The meal was composed of roasted chicken (kebab), cooked rice, vegetable salad, dairy drink, and soda. Changes in food intake between large and small utensils (plate, spoon, and fork) were analyzed with paired t‐test. Results: Rice intake using small or large eating utensils was different (P = 0.02). But total energy intake was not different. The Pearson correlation test demonstrated a positive and significant correlation between rice consumption and waist‐to‐hip ratio (P = 0.02). Soda (P = 0.02), carbohydrate (P = 0.01), and total energy intake (P = 0.03) were negatively correlated with the age of the participant. Conclusions: It seems that only the amount of grain products consumption changes with changing in dishware size with no significant effect on total energy intake. It is recommended that the independent effect of visual cues on food intake for foods with different textures be investigated in future studies.
Are School Employees Role Models of Healthful Eating? Dietary Intake Results from the ACTION Worksite Wellness Trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Little is known about the dietary intake of school employees, a key target group for improving school nutrition. OBJECTIVE: To investigate selected dietary variables and weight status among elementary school personnel. DESIGN: Cross‐sectional, descriptive study. SUBJECTS/SETTING: Elementary school employees (n=373) from 22 schools in a suburban parish (county) of southeastern Louisiana were randomly selected for evaluation at baseline of ACTION, a school‐based worksite wellness trial. METHODS: Two 24‐hour dietary recalls were administered on nonconsecutive days by registered dietitians using the Nutrition Data System for Research. Height and weight were measured by trained examiners and body mass index calculated as kg/m(2). STATISTICAL ANALYSES PERFORMED: Descriptive analyses characterized energy, macronutrient, fiber, and MyPyramid food group consumption. Inferential statistics (t tests, analysis of variance, chi(2)) were used to examine differences in intake and compliance with recommendations by demographic and weight status categories. RESULTS: Approximately 31% and 40% of the sample were overweight and obese, respectively, with higher obesity rates than state and national estimates. Mean daily energy intake among women was 1,862+/‐492 kcal and among men was 2,668+/‐796 kcal. Obese employees consumed more energy (+288 kcal, P<0.001) and more energy from fat (P<0.001) than those who were normal weight. Approximately 45% of the sample exceeded dietary fat recommendations. On average, only 9% had fiber intakes at or above their Adequate Intake, which is consistent with the finding that more than 25% of employees did not eat fruit, 58% did not eat dark‐green vegetables, and 45% did not eat whole grains on the recalled days. Only 7% of employees met the MyPyramid recommendations for fruits or vegetables, and 14% of the sample met those for milk and dairy foods. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that greater attention be directed to understanding and improving the diets of school employees given their high rates of overweight and obesity, poor diets, and important role in student health.
Effects of a concurrent exercise program during pregnancy on colostrum and mature breast milk inflammatory markers. The GESTAFIT PROJECT$$$ Aim: To assess the effects of an exercise intervention during pregnancy on colostrum and mature breast milk inflammatory markers. Methods: Sixty‐six pregnant women were randomized to either an exercise (three 60‐min sessions/week of concurrent aerobic and strength training), or control group from the 17th gestational week until delivery. For the present study specific aims, only those women able to produce enough milk were included for data analyses, resulting in 25 control and 21 exercise women. Some colostrum and mature breast milk pro‐inflammatory and anti‐inflammatory cytokines (fractalkine, interleukin (IL)‐1β, IL‐6, IL‐8, IL‐10, interferon (IFN)‐γ, and tumour necrosis factor (TNF)‐α) were measured by Luminex xMAP. Results: After adjustment for maternal age, body mass index and physical activity levels, colostrum from mothers that followed the exercise program presented 24% lower IL‐6 and 46% lower IL‐8 concentrations than colostrum from control women (both, p≤0.05). Colostrum from mothers that followed the exercise program showed a borderline significant (p=0.07) 20% lower TNF‐α, and a no significant but with probable clinical meaningful 28% higher fractalkine, 19% lower IL‐1 and 16% higher IL‐10 concentrations. Mature milk from mothers in the exercise group showed the same trend, with a no significant but clinically meaningful 31% higher fractalkine, 26% lower IL‐6, 24% lower IL‐8, 18% lower IL‐1, 21% lower TNF‐α and 13% higher IL‐10 concentrations. No clear effect of the exercise intervention was observed on INF‐γ concentrations. Conclusion: The exercise training program designed and developed in the present study promoted a less pro‐inflammatory.
Effects of a multinutrient fortified dairy product combined with exercise on functional muscle performance, body composition and inflammation in sedentary middle aged women: a 4-month double-blind , place bo controlled, randomized trial$$$ Objective: To evaluate whether a multinutrient fortified dairy product (FDP) containing added protein, calcium, vitamin D and other micronutrients could augment the effects of exercise on functional muscle performance, body composition and markers of inflammation in sedentary middle‐aged women. Methods: In this 4‐month double‐blind, placebo RCT, 244 sedentary women aged 45‐65 y participated in a multicomponent exercise (Ex) program including high‐velocity resistance and challenging balance training 3 d/week with random allocation to twice daily FDP (2x150 ml) or an energy matched placebo. Outcomes included: functional muscle power (primary outcome) [stair climb, vertical jump height (VJH), 5 sit‐to‐stand (STS)], DXA lean mass (LM) and fat mass (FM), pQCT 50% femur and 66% tibia muscle CSA and muscle adiposity, muscle strength (leg press, ankle dorsiflexion), mobility [gait speed, foursquare step test (FSST), timed‐up‐and‐go (TUG)], flexibility (sit‐and‐reach), single leg balance (SLB) eyes open/closed and inflammation (serum IL‐6, IL‐10, TNFα). Results: 216 women (89%) completed the study. Adherence was 90‐92% for FDP and placebo and 78‐79% for Ex. After 4‐months therewas a 0.09 s (P<0.05) and 0.07 s (P=0.08) greater improvement in stair descent and ascent time in FDP vs. placebo. FDP also had greater net gains in VJH (0.5 cm, P<0.05), SLB eyes closed (P<0.01), flexibility (1.4 cm, P<0.05), LM(0.3 kg, P<0.05),muscle CSA (femur 1.8%$$$ tibia 0.9%, P<0.01), and a greater reduction in FM (‐0.6 kg, P<0.01). Femur and tibia muscle adiposity decreased in FDP only (P<0.01). Both groups had similar significant improvements in STS, gait speed, FSST, TUG and muscle strength, with no significant difference between the groups on inflammatory markers. Conclusion: In sedentary middle‐aged women, daily consumption of a multinutrient fortified dairy product enhanced the effects of exercise on measure of functional muscle power, lean mass, muscle size, flexibility and balance.
Physiological effects beyond the significant gain in muscle mass in sarcopenic elderly men: evidence from a randomized clinical trial using a protein-rich food$$$ BACKGROUND: Sarcopenia is strongly associated with an inadequate intake of dietary protein. Dietary protein supplementation boosts muscle‐protein synthesis and increases muscle mass in the elderly. This study tested whether adding a protein‐rich food, ricotta cheese, to the habitual diet increased total appendicular skeletal muscle mass and strength in elderly people. METHODS: Participants (n = 40), were sarcopenic elderly men and women over 60 years of age. Two comparison groups were formed at random and followed for 3 months: the intervention group received 210 g/day of ricotta cheese plus the habitual diet, while the control group followed the habitual diet with no additional intervention. Total appendicular skeletal muscle (TASM) was assessed by dual‐energy X‐ray absorptiometry, while strength was measured using a handheld dynamometer at baseline and after the intervention period. The primary outcomes were the percentage of relative change in TASM and strength. RESULTS: The percentage of relative change in TASM was not significant between the groups after the intervention period. Muscle strength improved in the intervention group, but showed only a tendency towards significance (P = 0.06). Secondary analysis showed that the men in the intervention group gained 270 g in TASM compared to those in the control group, and improved their fasting insulin levels (P = 0.05), muscle strength, lean body mass in the arms, and body weight variables. CONCLUSION: The results of this study indicate that a nutritional intervention using a high‐quality protein food, specifically ricotta cheese, in order to increase the amount of protein intake might not be regarded as fully promising in elderly men and women with sarcopenia. However, the gender effects on muscle strength, lean tissue in the arms, homeostatic assessment of insulin resistance, and body weight detected in this study suggest that additional research is needed on elderly male subjects with sarcopenia.
Effects of one single bout of low-intensity exercise on postprandial lipaemia in type 2 diabetic men$$$ Fighting type 2 diabetes and its high risk of CVD, lifestyle intervention with diet and exercise is of uttermost importance. Epidemiological studies strongly suggest an inverse association between increased physical activity, moderate alcohol drinking and the incidence of both type 2 diabetes and CVD. However, alcohol is known to increase postprandial lipaemia, a risk marker of CVD, and exercise to reduce postprandial lipaemia in healthy individuals. The aim of the present study was to investigate how type 2 diabetic men respond, in the postprandial period, to a single exercise session feasible to perform on a daily basis for type 2 diabetic men. The twelve participants ingested a test meal containing 100 g butter, 50 g carbohydrate, together with 40 g alcohol, at each meal test, imitating a social meal situation. Two protocols included exercise sessions with 40 min at 40% VO2max, one where they exercised 3.5 h after, and another the afternoon before the test meal. One protocol was without any exercise. No significant effect of low‐intensity exercise on postprandial lipaemia following a fat‐rich meal with alcohol was seen in the middle‐aged type 2 diabetic men.
The performance of remote technologies in management and self-management of overweight and obesity in primary care$$$ The steady increase in the overweight (OW) and obesity prevalence, combined with the excess incidence rate of chronic non‐com‐municable diseases (NCDs), has been a threatening worldwide trend in recent decades. Efficient, up‐to‐date organizational models and individual and group patient monitoring technologies can help to reduce body weight (BW) by modifying patients’ lifestyles. Objective. To evaluate the effectiveness of preventive technology to reduce OW and obesity based on preventive tailored counseling and remote monitoring. Material and methods. Males and females aged 18—60 years with a body mass index (BMI) of 27—37 kg/m2, who met the selec‐tion criteria (availability of Internet access and a personal smartphone running Android 7.0 operating system or higher) and signed an informed consent were included in the study (time frame: March‐October 2020). At the first visit, all participants received tailored prevention counseling using motivational counseling techniques. All participants were given equipment for self‐monitoring for the period of the study (6 months): scales, blood pressure monitor, and pedometer. Using the independent Internet randomiza‐tion, the subjects were assigned to two groups, an active observation group (51 subjects) with on‐site study visits and a self‐mon‐itoring group (48 subjects), supported only remotely through the mobile app Doctor PM. Results. During six months of follow‐up, BW decreased by 5 [–7.2$$$ –2.5] kg in the active intervention group (p<0.05) and by 4.8 [–6$$$ –0.9] kg in the self‐monitoring group (p<0.05). The target level of MT reduction (5% of baseline) was achieved in 57.5% of patients in the active observation group and 50% in the self‐monitoring group (χ2=0.403$$$ p=0.526). There was a significant decrease in waist circumference (WC): in the active observation group by 6 [–9$$$ –2.5] cm (p<0.05), in the self‐control group by 4 [–7$$$ –1.8] cm (p<0.05). The consumption of fatty meats and dairy products, fried potatoes, pickles, and various processed meats decreased significantly in both groups, while the consumption of vegetables and fruits, not including potatoes, increased up to 500 g or more (p<0.05). Overall, the level of physical activity (walking) increased by 1987 steps per day (1.3 times): in the active observation group from 6667.1 [4334.3$$$ 8894.6] steps per day to 8514.6 [6775.9$$$ 12 072.8] (p<0.05) and in the self‐control group from 5511.4 [4527.3$$$ 8753.3] to 8471.3 [6407.9$$$ 10163.9] (p<0.05) steps per day. Conclusion. Remote support combined with tailored motivational counseling during on‐site visits ensured that the target level of BW reduction, and a significant reduction in WC, was achieved in both groups within six months of follow‐up. Lifestyle mod‐ification led to sustained improvement, increased physical activity, and in dietary habits changes towards sensible nutrition, re‐gardless of the medical support method.
Whey protein but not soy protein supplementation alters body weight and composition in free-living overweight and obese adults$$$ A double‐blind, randomized clinical trial was conducted to determine the effect of consumption of supplemental whey protein (WP), soy protein (SP), and an isoenergetic amount of carbohydrate (CHO) on body weight and composition in free‐living overweight and obese but otherwise healthy participants. Ninety overweight and obese participants were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 treatment groups for 23 wk: 1) WP$$$ 2) SP (each providing 56 g/d of protein and 1670 kJ/d)$$$ or 3) an isoenergetic amount of CHO. Supplements were consumed as a beverage twice daily. Participants were provided no dietary advice and continued to consume their free‐choice diets. Participants' body weight and composition data were obtained monthly. Dietary intake was determined by 24‐h dietary recalls collected every 10 d. After 23 wk, body weight and composition did not differ between the groups consuming the SP and WP or between SP and CHO$$$ however, body weight and fat mass of the group consuming the WP were lower by 1.8 kg (P < 0.006) and 2.3 kg (P < 0.005), respectively, than the group consuming CHO. Lean body mass did not differ among any of the groups. Waist circumference was smaller in the participants consuming WP than in the other groups (P < 0.05). Fasting ghrelin was lower in participants consuming WP compared with SP or CHO. Through yet‐unknown mechanisms, different sources of dietary protein may differentially facilitate weight loss and affect body composition. Dietary recommendations, especially those that emphasize the role of dietary protein in facilitating weight change, should also address the demonstrated clinical potential of supplemental WP.
Plasma glucagon-like peptide-1 responses to ingestion of protein with increasing doses of milk minerals rich in calcium$$$ A high dose of whey protein hydrolysate fed with milk minerals rich in calcium (Capolac®) results in enhanced glucagon‐like peptide‐1 (GLP‐1) concentrations in lean individuals$$$ however, the effect of different calcium doses ingested alongside protein is unknown. The present study assessed the dose response of calcium fed alongside 25 g whey protein hydrolysate on GLP‐1 concentrations in individuals with overweight/obesity. Eighteen adults (mean ± sd: 8M/10F, 34 ± 18 years, 28·2 ± 2·9 kgm‐2) completed four trials in a randomised, double‐blind, crossover design. Participants consumed test solutions consisting of 25 g whey protein hydrolysate (CON), supplemented with 3179 mg (LOW), 6363 mg (MED) or 9547 mg (HIGH) Capolac® on different occasions, separated by at least 48 h. The calcium content of test solutions equated to 65, 892, 1719 and 2547 mg, respectively. Arterialised‐venous blood was sampled over 180 min to determine plasma concentrations of GLP‐1TOTAL, GLP‐17‐36amide, insulin, glucose, NEFA, and serum concentrations of calcium and albumin. Ad libitum energy intake was measured at 180 min. Time‐averaged incremental AUC (iAUC) for GLP‐1TOTAL (pmol·l‐1·min‐1) did not differ between CON (23 ± 4), LOW (25 ± 6), MED (24 ± 5) and HIGH (24 ± 6). Energy intake (kcal) did not differ between CON (940 ± 387), LOW (884 ± 345), MED (920 ± 334) and HIGH (973 ± 390). Co‐ingestion of whey protein hydrolysate with Capolac® does not potentiate GLP‐1 release in comparison with whey protein hydrolysate alone. The study was registered at clinical trials (NCT03819972).
Experimental outcomes of the mediterranean diet: lessons learned from the predimed randomized controlled trial$$$ The Mediterranean Diet (MD) is, culturally and historically, the nutritional pattern shared by people living in the olive‐tree growing areas of the Mediterranean basin. It is of great importance for its potential preventive effect against cardiovascular diseases (CVDs). The PREvención con DIeta MEDiterránea (PREDIMED) study, a Spanish multicentre randomised controlled trial (RCT), was designed to assess the long‐term effects of the MD, without any energy restriction, on the incidence of CVD in individuals at high cardiovascular (CV) risk. Since its inception, it gave a great contribution to the available literature on the issue. It is well known that, in the field of the health sciences, RCTs provide the best scientific evidence. Thus, the aim of the present review is to analyse the results of the RCTs performed within the frame of the PREDIMED study. Our findings showed that MD has beneficial effects in the primary prevention of CVDs, diabetes and in the management of metabolic syndrome.
Dietary intervention in metabolic syndrome and its association with the genetic profile of lactose intolerance$$$ INTERVENTION: Caloric Restriction Lactose Intolerance Other Three groups with different dietary interventions are compared: CONTROL GROUP ‐ Two hundrend patients will receive a hypocaloric dietary (with total energy value of 20 Kcal/kg weight), following the First Brazilian Guidelines of Diagnosis and Treatment of Metabolic Syndrome (I‐DBSM guidelines) during two months. INTERVENTION 1 ‐ Two hundred patients will receive a lactose‐free diet plan (without milk and derivatives). They should keep this diet for two months. INTERVENTION 2 ‐ Two hundred patients will receive a lactose‐free (without milk and derivatives) and hypocaloric dietary plan, with total energy value of 20 Kcal / kg weight, following I‐DBSM guidelines. They should keep this diet for two months. A random selection of the diet plan will be done for each patient. CONDITION: Amplified Fragment Length Polymorphism Analysis E00‐E90 Lactose Intolerance Lactose Intolerance. Metabolic Syndrome. Amplified Fragment Length Polymorphism Analysis. Polymorphism, Single Nucleotide $$$ Lactose Intolerance $$$ Metabolic Syndrome $$$ Amplified Fragment Length Polymorphism Analysis $$$ Polymorphism, Single Nucleotide Metabolic Syndrome Polymorphism, Single Nucleotide SECONDARY OUTCOME: We aim to evaluate the presence of lactose intolerance in patients with metabolic syndrome. $$$ $$$ To verify whether the individual has lactose intolerance, the oral lactose tolerance test (OLTT) is performed. OLTT uses the biochemical blood glucose test$$$ this test consists of dosing fasting blood glucose and after 30 and 60 minutes of intake of 50g lactose (dose for adult and elderly). If blood glucose after lactose ingestion does not increase more than 20 mg/dl of fasting glucose, lactose intolerance is present. $$$ $$$ Following the lactose‐free diet by metabolic syndrome patients, it is expected to find improvement of lactose intolerance signs and symptoms: $$$ ‐ abdominal discomfort and pain $$$ ‐ flatulence $$$ ‐ diarrhea $$$ ‐ borborygmos $$$ $$$ Such signs and symptoms will be verified in the interview, when patients/volunteers return to the nutrition clinic after experimental period. $$$ $$$ The results will be expressed as absolute and relative frequencies. $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: Volunteers diagnosed with metabolic syndrome based on the criteria proposed by the International Diabetes Federation (IDF, 2006)$$$ both genders$$$ age range from 20 to 80 years old$$$ signature of the informed consent form (ICF). PRIMARY OUTCOME: We aim to assess anthropometric parameters that compose and / or contribute to the development of metabolic syndrome.$$$ $$$ Anthropometric parameters will be verified by the presence of central obesity, from the measurement of abdominal circumference with the use of inelastic tape, considered appropriate when the measurements were less than 88cm for women and 94cm for men.$$$ This parameter will be verified according to the recommendations available in the I Brazilian Metabolic Syndrome Guideline of 2005.$$$ $$$ Continuous data will be presented as mean and standard deviation (or median and interquartile ranges) and categorical data with absolute and relative frequency.$$$ We aim to assess biochemical and clinical parameters that compose and / or contribute to the development of metabolic syndrome.$$$ $$$ The biochemical parameters will be verified by measuring the serum levels of:$$$ ‐ high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL‐c), using the colorimetry method. Values are considered adequate when higher than 40 mg/dL in men or 50 mg/dL in women$$$$$$ ‐ triglycerides, using the enzymatic method. Values are considered adequate when lower than 150mg/dL$$$$$$ ‐ glucose, using the enzymatic method. Values are considered adequate between 70 to 99ml / dL.$$$ These parameters will be verified in patients after 12h fasting, using specific biomolecule dosing kits available at the laboratory of the Association of Parents and Friends of the Exceptional.$$$ $$$ The degree of insulin resistance will be evaluated using the Homeostasis Model Assessment Index (HOMA), the HOMA‐IR. It is a simple mathematical calculation that is based on fasting insulin and glucose levels. In the following sentence, there is the formula for the calculation of HOMA‐IR: Fasting blood glucose x 0.0555 x Fasting insulin / 22.5 (MATTHEWS et al., 1985$$$ OLIVEIRA$$$ SOUZA$$$ LIMA, 2006).$$$ $$$ The insulin resistance classification was defined according to the instructions of the Brazilian Diabetes Society Guidelines (2015‐2016), based on studies by Stern et al., 2005, namely: Homa IR greater than 4.65 or BMI greater than 28.9kg/m2, or Homa IR greater than 3.6 and BMI greater than 27.5kg/m2.$$$ $$$ Continuous data will be presented as mean and standard deviation (or median and interquartile ranges) and categorical data with absolute and relative frequency.$$$ We aim to assess clinical parameters that compose and / or contribute to the development of metabolic syndrome.$$$ $$$ Clinical parameters assessed will be the presence of systemic arterial hypertension. Blood pressure will be measured using a stethoscope (LittmannÂ®) and a sphygmomanometer (BicÂ®), following the measurement guidelines recommended by the VI‐Guidelines of the Brazilian Society of Hypertension, 2010. Two measurements will be performed after 5 minutes of rest.$$$ $$$ Continuous data will be presented as mean and standard deviation (or median and interquartile ranges) and categorical data with absolute and relative frequency.$$$
Immunomodulatory effects of the intake of fermented milk with Lactobacillus casei DN114001 in lactating mothers and their children$$$ The healthy action of probiotics is not only due to their nutritional properties and their influence on the gastrointestinal environment, but also to their action on the immune system. The aim of the present study was to determine if 6 weeks of probiotic intake would be able to modulate the immune system in women who had recently delivered and were breast‐feeding. The design consisted of a randomised, controlled and double‐blind nutritional intervention study with parallel groups with a sample size of 104 women. The main variable is the T helper type 1/T helper type 2 (Th1/Th2) profile determined by measuring interferon‐gamma (Th1) and IL‐4 (Th2) values in peripheral blood by flow cytometry. The modifications of cytokines were evaluated in maternal milk by cytometric bead array in a flow cytometer and ELISA at three stages of breast‐feeding: colostrum, early milk (10 d) and mature milk (45 d). Additionally, the anthropometry and infectious and allergic episodes in the newborn were followed up throughout the first 6 months of life. After the consumption of milk fermented with Lactobacillus casei during the puerperium, we observed a nonsignificant increase in T and B lymphocytes and a significant increase in natural killer cells. A decrease in the pro‐inflammatory cytokine TNF‐alpha in maternal milk and fewer gastrointestinal disturbances were also observed in the breast‐fed child of the mothers who consumed L. casei. The intake of milk fermented with L. casei during the lactation period modestly contributes to the modulation of the mother's immunological response after delivery and decreases the incidence of gastrointestinal episodes in the breast‐fed child.
The Acute Effects of Milk Consumption on Systemic Inflammation after Combined Resistance and Plyometric Exercise in Young Adult Females$$$ High‐intensity/impact exercise elicits a transient increase in inflammatory biomarkers. Consuming nutrient‐dense wholefoods, like milk, following exercise may modulate post‐exercise inflammation and aid recovery. We examined the effect of post‐exercise skim milk consumption (versus an isoenergetic, isovolumetric carbohydrate [CHO] drink) on acute exercise‐induced inflammation in untrained females. Using a randomized crossover design, 13 healthy females (age = 20 ± 2.3 y$$$ BMI = 21.0 ± 1.1 kg/m2) completed two bouts of combined resistance/plyometric exercise followed by either skim milk (MILK) or CHO at 5‐min and 1 h post‐exercise. Serum interleukin [IL]‐1β, IL‐6, IL‐10, and tumor necrosis factor‐alpha (TNF‐α) concentrations were measured at pre‐exercise, 15‐min, 75‐min, 24 h, and 48 h post‐exercise. IL‐6 increased 15‐min post‐exercise vs. all other timepoints (time effect, p = 0.017). Between 24 and 48 h, IL‐10 decreased and increased in the MILK and CHO conditions, respectively (interaction, p = 0.018). There were no significant effects for IL‐1β or TNF‐α. Relative concentrations of IL‐1β (p = 0.049) and IL‐10 (p = 0.028) at 48 h post‐exercise were lower in MILK vs. CHO. Milk post‐exercise did not influence the absolute concentration of pro‐inflammatory cytokines$$$ however, there were divergent responses for the anti‐inflammatory cytokine, IL‐10, and milk reduced the relative inflammatory response at 48 h (vs. CHO) for IL‐1β and IL‐10. This demonstrates the potential for milk to modulate inflammation post‐exercise in this sample.
Randomised Controlled Trial: partial Hydrolysation of Casein Protein in Milk Decreases Gastrointestinal Symptoms in Subjects with Functional Gastrointestinal Disorders$$$ Unspecific gastrointestinal symptoms associated with milk consumption are common. In addition to lactose, also other components of milk may be involved. We studied whether the partial hydrolysation of milk proteins would affect gastrointestinal symptoms in subjects with functional gastrointestinal disorders. In a randomised, placebo‐controlled crossover intervention, subjects (n = 41) were given ordinary or hydrolysed high‐protein, lactose‐free milkshakes (500 mL, 50 g protein) to be consumed daily for ten days. After a washout period of ten days, the other product was consumed for another ten days. Gastrointestinal symptoms were recorded daily during the study periods, and a validated irritable bowel syndrome‐symptom severity scale (IBS‐SSS) questionnaire was completed at the beginning of the study and at the end of both study periods. Blood and urine samples were analysed for markers of inflammation, intestinal permeability and immune activation. Both the IBS‐SSS score (p = 0.001) and total symptom score reported daily (p = 0.002) were significantly reduced when participants consumed the hydrolysed product. Less bloating was reported during both study periods when compared with the baseline (p < 0.01 for both groups). Flatulence (p = 0.01) and heartburn (p = 0.03) decreased when consuming the hydrolysed product but not when drinking the control product. No significant differences in the levels of inflammatory markers (tumor necrosis factor alpha, TNF‐α and interleukin 6, IL‐6), intestinal permeability (fatty acid binding protein 2, FABP2) or immune activation (1‐methylhistamine) were detected between the treatment periods. The results suggest that the partial hydrolysation of milk proteins (mainly casein) reduces subjective symptoms to some extent in subjects with functional gastrointestinal disorders. The mechanism remains to be resolved.
Daily ingestion of fermented milk containing Lactobacillus casei DN114001 improves innate-defense capacity in healthy middle-aged people$$$ Different lactic acid bacteria have often been administered as a dietary means to enhance immune system activity. Based on this statement, the aim of the current work was to test the effects of a Lactobacillus casei DN114001 fermented milk consumption on the immune response capacity in middle‐age volunteers. Forty‐five healthy volunteers, 24 women and 21 men (aged: 51‐58 years), were randomized into two groups to receive three cups per day of a L. casei DN114001 (10(8)‐10(10) ufc/g) fermented milk (n = 23), or placebo (n = 22), during an 8‐week period. Measurements were performed before (day 0), and after the nutritional intervention (day 56). After the trial, no changes in immune cell proportions were detected, but the probiotic‐treated group increased oxidative burst capacity of monocytes (probiotic group: p = 0.029$$$ placebo group: p = 0.625), as well as NK cells tumoricidal activity (probiotic group: p = 0.023$$$ placebo group: p = 0.125). Results showed that daily intake of fermented milk containing Lactobacillus casei DN114001 could have a positive effect in modulating the innate immune defense in healthy‐middle‐age people.
Assessment of advice to reduce dietary fat and non-milk extrinsic sugar in a free-living male population$$$ OBJECTIVE: To compare the effect of advice to reduce both dietary fat and sugar with advice to reduce fat alone on subsequent dietary intake in Scottish men. DESIGN: A parallel design intervention study was employed to measure compliance to the two types of dietary advice. Subjects were randomly assigned to Group 1 (advice to reduce fat and non‐milk extrinsic (NME) sugar), Group 2 (advice to reduce fat only, ad libitum sugar) or a control Group 0 (no advice). Compliance was assessed by two 4‐day food diaries over 6 months. SETTING: The study was conducted in the Strathclyde area of Scotland. SUBJECTS: Subjects were normal to moderately overweight Scottish men. The men recruited were non‐dieting and volunteered for a 'healthy eating' study with the aim to improve the 'healthiness' of their diet. RESULTS: Groups 1 and 2 achieved the dietary target for fat, reducing their mean intake to below 35% energy. Group 1 achieved a statistically significant reduction in percentage energy from NME sugar in the short term (6 weeks), decreasing their mean intake from 9.9% to 7.2% energy. This initial decrease appeared to slip back towards baseline levels at 6 months (8.1% energy from NME sugar) and was no longer significantly different from baseline. At 6 months Group 1 reported a significantly lower mean energy intake than at baseline, whereas Group 2 adjusted for an initial decrease in energy intake and by 6 months energy intakes were not significantly different from baseline intakes. Group 2 appeared to compensate for the absolute reduction in dietary fat with a slight increase in total sugars and the maintenance of NME sugar intakes. CONCLUSIONS: Subjects in Group 1 complied with advice to reduce both fat and sugar over 6 weeks but to a lesser extent over 6 months. The 1.8% reduction in percentage energy from NME sugars in Group 1 at 6 months may not have reached significance due to the small sample size. Alternatively it may be that free‐living populations find it hard to maintain concurrent reductions in fat and sugar owing to the well‐documented inverse relationship between intakes of these macronutrients when expressed as a proportion of energy.
Dietary glycaemic index and glycaemic load in relation to food and nutrient intake and indices of body fatness in British children and adolescents$$$ The diversity of the associations of dietary glycaemic index (GI) and glycaemic load (GL) with dietary intake and body fatness observed in epidemiological studies may be partly due to the differences in underlying dietary intake patterns. We examined the cross‐sectional associations of dietary GI and GL with food and nutrient intakes and indices of body fatness in 818 children aged 4‐10 years and 818 adolescents aged 11‐18 years in Britain, based on the data from the National Diet and Nutrition Survey. Dietary intake was assessed using a 7 d weighed dietary record. Overweight was defined as BMI ≥85th percentile of the age‐ and sex‐specific British growth reference data. Central obesity was defined as waist:height ratio (WHtR) ≥0.5 (adolescents only). Breads, breakfast cereals and potatoes were the positive predictive food groups for dietary GI, while dairy products, fruit juice, other cereals and fruit were the negative predictors. Dietary GL was closely correlated with carbohydrate intake. Dietary GI showed no associations with overweight or central obesity. Conversely, dietary GL showed an independent association with a higher risk of overweight in children and a higher risk of central obesity (but not overweight) in adolescents. However, dietary GI and GL were not associated with BMI z‐score in children and adolescents or WHtR in adolescents. In conclusion, the present study showed that dietary GL was independently associated with overweight in children and with central obesity in adolescents. Nevertheless, given no associations when body fatness measures were treated as continuous variables, the results must be interpreted cautiously.
Is the Indian Dietary Pattern Associated WithType 2 Diabetes? A Pan-India Randomized Cluster Sample Study$$$ Background: Diabetes is associated strongly with many neurodegenerative diseases and is also a lifestyle disorder. A good glycemic status depends on diet management and physical activity. There are several studies available on the relationship between diet habits and impact on diabetes. Purpose: The objective of this study was to check the association of different dietary factors with glucose levels and lipid values in type 2 diabetes from a part of a large nationwide trial. Methods: This was the data fromapan‐India multicentered cluster randomized controlled study covering 60 states and 4 union territories$$$ 17,285 individuals were surveyed for dietary factors. Amongst them, data of 12,500 individuals were analyzed.Males were 54% and 60% individuals were from urban areas. Results: The analysis of the results showed that consumption (usual/often) of milk(odds ratio, OR = 7.180), meat (OR = 6.81), less fiber (OR = 17.77), and less fruits (OR = 14.71) was strongly and positively associated with fasting blood glucose (P<.001). The postprandial blood glucose (PPBG) in diabetes individuals also had a strong positive association (P<.001) with consumption (usual/often) of meat (OR = 22.82) and milk (OR = 17.19). In prediabetes individuals, milk was significantly (P<.001) associated with fasting blood glucose (OR = 2.74). In nondiabetes individuals also, milk was significantly associated with postprandial blood glucose (OR = 2.56). Consumption of meat was associated with high cholesterol (OR = 1.465). Consumption of junk food was associated significantly (P <.001)with the status of known diabetes (OR = 1.345) and known hypertension (OR = 1.247). Conclusion: Consumption of milk, meat, less vegetables, less fruits, and junk food has a significant effect on the glycemic status and cholesterol levels, and also on the status of known diabetes and hypertension.
Effect of Lactobacillus gasseri SBT2055 in fermented milk on abdominal adiposity in adults in a randomised controlled trial$$$ Consumption of fermented milk (FM) containing a probiotic, Lactobacillus gasseri SBT2055 (LG2055), previously showed a reduction in abdominal adiposity in a randomised controlled trial (RCT) using FM with 10(8) colony‐forming units (cfu) of LG2055/g. However, whether the effectiveness is observed at lower concentrations, the recommended minimum or intermediate levels of probiotics (10(6) or 10(7) cfu/g, respectively), remains to be examined. A multi‐centre, double‐blind, parallel‐group RCT was conducted using 210 healthy Japanese adults with large visceral fat areas (802 ‐ 1878 cm(2)). They were balanced for their baseline characteristics and randomly assigned to three groups receiving FM containing 10(7), 10(6) or 0 (control) cfu LG2055/g of FM, and were asked to consume 200 g FM/d for 12 weeks. Abdominal visceral fat areas, which were determined by computed tomography, at week 12, changed from baseline by an average of ‐85 % (95 % CI ‐119, ‐51$$$ P< 001) in the 10(7) dose group, and by ‐82 % (95 % CI ‐108, ‐57$$$ P< 001) in the 10(6) dose group. Other measures including BMI, waist and hip circumferences, and body fat mass were also significantly decreased from baseline at week 12 in both groups$$$ interestingly, the cessation of taking FM for 4 weeks attenuated these effects. In the control group, none of these parameters significantly decreased from baseline. These findings demonstrate that consumption of LG2055 at doses as low as the order of 10(8) cfu/d exhibited a significant lowering effect on abdominal adiposity, and suggest that constant consumption might be needed to maintain the effect.
The human milk microbiome changes over lactation and is shaped by maternal weight and mode of delivery$$$ BACKGROUND: Breast milk is recognized as the most important postpartum element in metabolic and immunologic programming of health of neonates. The factors influencing the milk microbiome and the potential impact of microbes on infant health have not yet been uncovered. OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to identify pre‐ and postnatal factors that can potentially influence the bacterial communities inhabiting human milk. DESIGN: We characterized the milk microbial community at 3 different time points by pyrosequencing and quantitative polymerase chain reaction in mothers (n = 18) who varied in BMI, weight gain, and mode of delivery. RESULTS: We found that the human milk microbiome changes over lactation. Weisella, Leuconostoc, Staphylococcus, Streptococcus, and Lactococcus were predominant in colostrum samples, whereas in 1‐ and 6‐mo milk samples the typical inhabitants of the oral cavity (eg, Veillonella, Leptotrichia, and Prevotella) increased significantly. Milk from obese mothers tended to contain a different and less diverse bacterial community compared with milk from normal‐weight mothers. Milk samples from elective but not from nonelective mothers who underwent cesarean delivery contained a different bacterial community than did milk samples from individuals giving birth by vaginal delivery, suggesting that it is not the operation per se but rather the absence of physiological stress or hormonal signals that could influence the microbial transmission process to milk. CONCLUSIONS: Our results indicate that milk bacteria are not contaminants and suggest that the milk microbiome is influenced by several factors that significantly skew its composition. Because bacteria present in breast milk are among the very first microbes entering the human body, our data emphasize the necessity to understand the biological role that the milk microbiome could potentially play for human health.
Effect of 8 Weeks milk thistle powder (silymarin extract) supplementation on fatty liver disease in patients candidates for bariatric surgery$$$ Introduction: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the most common liver disease worldwide and is becoming the most frequent indication of liver transplantation. At present, since no Food and Drug Association (FDA) approved medication exists for NAFLD patients, bariatric surgery is indicated for the significant improvement in obesity‐related comorbidities, such as NAFLD. However, alternative therapy is emerging to manage NAFLD. Problematically, many patients taking herbal remedies, such as Silymarin (milk thistle), with little/no understanding of its purported properties. Methods: Fifty‐two morbidly‐obese (47.84 ± 6.48 kg m−2) patient candidates (mean age: 38.90 ± 10.28 years$$$ n = 41 women and 11 men) for bariatric surgery with NAFLD were randomly assigned to determine the efficacy of eight weeks of Silymarin supplementation (140 mg four times daily for a total of 560 mg) on the aspartate transaminase (AST)/alanine transaminase (ALT) (AST/ALT) ratio, Fibrosis‐4 (Fib‐4) score, NAFLD score, sonographic grading, and fibroscan stages of NAFLD. Results: Significant (p ≤ 0.05) improvements were found in AST/ALT ratio, BMI and sonographic grading. No significant change was found for fibroscan staging, Fib‐4, and NAFLD scores. Conclusion: Silymarin improved ultrasound fatty liver grading and liver enzymes morbidly‐obese patient candidates for bariatric surgery with NAFLD after only eight weeks, without any adverse effects.
The influence of a high-calcium diet on inflamatory stress and endothelial function during energy restriction in obese subjects$$$ Background: Obesity is characterized by low‐grade systemic inflammation, which has been linked to increased risk of endothelial dysfunction. Recent evidence suggests that, in obese individuals, calcium‐rich diets help reduce adiposity and inflammation, but it is not known if it also helps reduce endothelial dysfunction. Objective: To evaluate, during energy restriction, the effects of dietary calcium on inflammation, fibrinolysis and endothelial function in obese subjects. Methods: Randomized clinical trial. Fifty subjects with grade 1 obesity, both gender, aged 22‐55 years, with stable body weight and a low habitual calcium intake (< 500mg/day) were randomized into a low calcium diet (LCD$$$< 500mg/day$$$n=25) or a high calcium diet (HCD$$$±1200mg/day$$$n=25), supplemented with nonfat powdered milk (60g/day). Both groups were instructed to follow an energy restricted diet (‐800Kcal/day) with similar levels of macronutrients, throughout the study (16 weeks). Results: After 16 weeks of intervention subjects in HCD compared with those in LCD exhibited a greater reduction in body weight (‐5.1±0.8vs‐3.8±0.6kg), however the observed difference between the 2 diets was not statistically significant. Participants of HCD and LCD presented similar reductions in serum levels of plasminogen activator inhibitor‐1 (‐5±3vs.‐12±1,respectively,p=0.95)$$$ biomarkers of inflammation [C‐reactive protein (‐0.05±0.2vs0.06±0.4mg/l,respectively,p=0.76) and tumor necrosis factor‐α (‐0.1 ±0.3vs.‐0.7±0.4pg/ml,respectively p=0.64)]$$$ and biomarkers of endothelial dysfunction [vascular cell adhesion molecule‐1 (‐15±6vs.‐24±10pg/dl, respec‐tively,p=0.87), intracellular adhesion molecule‐1(‐115±57vs.‐52±41pg/dl, respectively p=0.53) and E‐selectin (‐3.2±1vs.‐2.4±1pg/dl,respectively p=0.55)]. Conclusion: The present study suggests that a high calcium diet does not enhance the beneficial effects of energy restriction on inflammatory state, fibrinolysis and endothelial function in obese individuals.
Acute C-Terminal Crosslinking Telopeptide of Type I Collagen (CTX-1) Suppression with Milk Calcium or Calcium Carbonate Is Independent of Visceral Fat in a Randomized Crossover Study in Lean and Overweight Postmenopausal Women$$$ BACKGROUND: Postmenopausal women with higher visceral adipose tissue (VAT) present with suppressed bone resorption (lower C‐terminal crosslinking telopeptide of type I collagen$$$ CTX‐1) and turnover (lower osteocalcin) but whether this blunts the effect of calcium is unknown. OBJECTIVES: The primary outcome of this study was the effect of VAT on changes in CTX‐1 after intake of 2 forms of calcium. Secondary outcomes included changes in parathyroid hormone (PTH), serum calcium, phosphorus, and alkaline phosphatase (ALP). METHODS: Randomized open three period crossover trial conducted between 2017 and 2019 at the University of South Australia among 77 lean and overweight postmenopausal women (53‐79 y) with BMI <25 kg/m2 and >27 kg/m2, respectively. Participants received a single dose of milk (1000 mg calcium), calcium carbonate tablet (1000 mg calcium), and fruit juice (no calcium) in random order with a 7‐d washout period. Blood samples were collected at baseline and hourly for 5 h. Data was analyzed by repeated measures ANOVA of log‐transformed data. RESULTS: At baseline, women with higher VAT had significantly lower CTX‐1 and higher PTH (44% lower and 30% higher, respectively, between Q4 and Q1, P < 0.0001). VAT had no influence on the acute changes in CTX‐1 or PTH with calcium or juice. A suppression of 44% in CTX‐1 was seen with calcium carbonate and milk and a suppression of 18% with juice. PTH was suppressed more with calcium carbonate (47%) compared to milk (22%). Milk calcium reduced PTH and CTX‐1 at 2 h, whereas calcium carbonate reduced PTH in 1 h. The suppression in CTX‐1 was slower with lowest concentrations at 4‐5 h. CONCLUSIONS: Intake of 1000 mg calcium from milk or from calcium carbonate is effective in acutely suppressing bone resorption in postmenopausal women irrespective of visceral fat. This trial is registered at http://www.ANZCTR.org.au/ACTRN12617000779370.aspx as ACTRN 12617000779370).
Calcium in milk products precipitates intestinal fatty acids and secondary bile acids and thus inhibits colonic cytotoxicity in humans$$$ Dietary calcium may reduce the risk of colon cancer, probably by precipitating cytotoxic surfactants, such as secondary bile acids, in the colonic lumen. We previously showed that milk mineral, an important source of calcium, decreases metabolic risk factors and colonic proliferation in rats. We now report the effects of the habitual intake of milk calcium on metabolic risk factors in healthy subjects. A double‐blind, cross‐over metabolic study was performed in 13 healthy males. Placebo milk products (calcium, 3 mM) were compared with regular milk products (calcium, 30 mm). In each 1‐week period, the habitual diet was recorded, and urine and feces were collected for 1 and 3 days, respectively. Milk calcium significantly increased fecal pH and fecal excretion of phosphate (132%), total fat (139%), free fatty acids (195%), and bile acids (141%), indicating intestinal complexation. In fecal water, the concentrations of long‐chain fatty acids, secondary bile acids (deoxycholic and lithocholic acid), neutral sterols, and phospholipids were about halved (P <0.05). Consistent with these changes in soluble hydrophobic surfactants, calcium decreased the cytotoxicity of fecal water from 68 +/‐ 9 to 28 +/‐ 12% (P < 0.005). Calcium in milk products precipitates luminal cytotoxic surfactants and thus inhibits colonic cytotoxicity. Therefore, habitual dietary calcium may contribute to a nutritional modulation of colon cancer risk.
Effects of a soy milk supplement on plasma cholesterol levels and oxidative DNA damage in men--a pilot study$$$ Background: Phytoestrogens are a major component of Asian diets and may be protective against certain hormone‐dependent cancers (breast and prostate) and coronary heart disease. They may also have antioxidant function in scavenging potentially harmful free radicals and thus decreasing oxidative attack on DNA. Aims of the study: A pilot study to determine the effects of a phytoestrogen supplement, in the form of soy milk, on plasma LDL and HDL cholesterol levels and DNA damage in men. Methods: Ten healthy men participated in the study and were assigned to one of three groups consuming 1 litre of either soy milk, rice dream (vegetable protein control) or semi‐ skimmed cow's milk (animal protein control) each day for 4 weeks. Results: The soy supplement caused significant increases in plasma genistein and daidzein concentrations despite considerable inter‐individual variation (P<0.001). Supplementation with soy resulted in a decrease in oxidative damage to DNA bases detected using the comet assay compared with controls (P<0.05). However, there was no significant effect of the soy supplement on plasma cholesterol or triglyceride levels in comparison with control groups. Conclusions: A 4 week soy milk supplementation in healthy volunteers does not alter serum cholesterol levels but can have a protective effect against oxidative DNA damage in lymphocytes.
Influence of a fatty beverage (Milk) on the absorption of erlotinib: a randomized, cross-over pharmacokinetic study (MERLOT-study)$$$ INTERVENTION: Erlotinib Milk Non‐Small Cell Lung Cancer CONDITION: $$$ lung cancer 10038666 lung cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: The difference in the bioavailabiliteit of erlotinib in patients taking a PPI $$$ or not , with or without milk.$$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: Comparison of toxicity and side effects of erlotinib taken with water or milk . $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Age * 18 2. Use of erlotinib monotherapy for at least 14 days (to guarantee steady‐state) and willing to continue the treatment until the end of the study 3. Subject is able and willing to sign the Informed Consent Form prior to screening evaluations
The inclusion of milk fortified with micronutrients increases the effectiveness of a calorie restricted diet to reduce obesity in women$$$ The effect of milk consumption on weight loss, body composition, lipids profile and blood pressure was evaluated in a randomized, double‐blind, controlled longitudinal study. 139 women (34 +/‐ 6 y) were assigned to one of the following groups: a) 250mL of low‐fat milk (LFM) 3‐times/day and a calorie restricted diet (‐500 kcal)$$$ b) 250mL of low‐fat milk added with micronutrients (LFM+M) 3‐times/day and a calorie restricted diet (‐500 kcal)$$$ c) calorie restricted diet (CRD)(‐500 kcal). All treatments were administered for 16 weeks. Weight, height, hip and waist circumferences were measured at 0,4,8,12 and 16 weeks. Body composition and blood pressure were evaluated at 0 and 16 weeks. A fasting blood sample was taken at 0 and 16 weeks to determine lipids profile. 107 women finished the study. ANOVA adjusted for age, initial value and community was used to evaluate the treatment effect. After 16 weeks, LFM+M had significantly more weight loss (‐5.81+/‐3.24 Kg) compared to LFM (‐4.06+/‐3.27 Kg) and CRD (‐4.06+/‐3.25 Kg) (p<0.05). BMI change in LFM+M (‐2.61+/‐1.40 Kg/m2) was significantly different to LFM (‐1.75+/‐1.40 Kg/m2) and CRD (‐1.67+/‐1.39 Kg/m2)(p<0.05). % body fat changes in LFM+M (‐2.67+/‐1.66%) was significantly different to LFM (‐1.79+/‐1.68%) and CRD (‐1.63+/‐1.66%)(p<0.05). No differences were found between groups in waist circumference, blood pressure, and lipids profile. In conclusion, three daily servings of LFM+M together with a calorie restricted diet could be an effective strategy for the treatment of obesity in adult women.
Increased skim milk consumption reduces Uricemia, body fat, and body weight in excess body weight women pursuing energy restricted diet$$$ Objective: The purpose of this study was to assess the effect of increased calcium consumption on obesity prevention and control. Methods: Thirty three women, low‐calcium consumers (<800mg/day), aged 18‐42 years, BMI 27.72 +1.14 kg/m2 and body fat 42.61+1.03% participated in this 45 consecutive days (6 weeks), parallel design study. Subjects were randomly allocated in one of the experimental groups: low calcium (control (LC)) or high calcium (calcium citrate (CIT) or skim milk (SM)). Breakfast (LC:0mg of calcium/day, CIT and SM:∼700mg/day) was consumed in the laboratory. Hypocaloric diets (‐500kcal/day$$$ 800mg of calcium/day (C) or 1500 mg of calcium/day (CIT and SM)) were prescribed. Fasting blood samples, body fat, anthropometric and biochemical parameters were assessed on days 1 and 45. Food intake was assessed in the first, third, and last weeks. Results: There was a significant reduction in serum uric acid concentration in SM, and in ionized calcium in SM and CIT compared to C. Body fat (total, trunk, and android) and waist circumference significantly reduced in the SM group. Weight loss was significantly higher (119% and 100%) in the SM group compared to LD and CIT groups, respectively. Energy, macronutrients, and fiber intakes did not differ between‐group. Conclusions: Daily consumption of 4‐5 portions of skim milk may be an effective strategy to prevent and control obesity in excess body weight women pursuing an energy restricted diet.
The response of plasma levels of atrogin-1 and insulin-like growth factor-1 to low-fat milk consumption after one session of high-intensity interval exercise in fasting state among overweight young men$$$ Background: The aim of this study was assessing the response of plasma levels of atrogin‐1 and insulin‐like growth factor‐1 to low‐fat milk consumption after one session of high‐intensity interval exercise in fasting state among overweight young men. Methods: Ten overweight young men (mean age: 20.50 ± 1.71 years and body mass index: 28.08 ± 2.80 kg/m2) were randomly selected. They were participated in two exercise sessions of two non‐consecutive days. The exercise program in each day included 4 sets of 30‐second Wingate test with four 30‐minutes active rests between sets. The difference was that in the second session, immediately after exercise, participants drank 500 ml of low‐fat milk. Blood samples were taken before exercise and 5, 90 and 180 minutes after it. Data were analyzed using analysis of variance with repeated measures and Bonferroni test (P < 0.05). Findings: The plasma level of atrogin‐1 was not significantly different after exercise in both sessions (P > 0.05). The plasma level of insulin‐like growth factor‐1 significantly reduced after 90 and 180 minutes post‐exercise in the sessions without milk consumption (P = 0.04 and 0.02, respectively)$$$ while milk consumption caused no significant change in this variable after exercise by prevention of reducing in insulin‐like growth factor‐1 levels (P > 0.05). Conclusion: It seems that consumption of low‐fat milk, immediately after exercise in the fasting state, can help to maintain muscle mass by avoid reducing growth factors.
The effect of bovine colostrum supplementation in older adults during resistance training$$$ Bovine colostrum is the first milk secreted by cows after parturition and has high levels of protein, immunoglobulins, and various growth factors. We determined the effects of 8 weeks of bovine colostrum supplementation versus whey protein during resistance training in older adults. Males (N = 15, 59.1 ± 5.4 y) and females (N = 25, 59.0 ± 6.7 y) randomly received (double‐blind) 60 g/d of colostrum or whey protein complex (containing 38 g protein) while participating in a resistance training program (12 exercises, 3 sets of 8‐12 reps, 3 days/ week). Strength (bench press and leg press 1‐RM), body composition (by dual energy x‐ray absorptiometry), muscle thickness of the biceps and quadriceps (by ultrasound), cognitive function (by questionnaire), plasma insulin‐like growth factor‐1 (IGF‐1) and C‐reactive protein (CRP, as a marker of inflammation), and urinary N‐telopeptides (Ntx, a marker of bone resorption) were determined before and after the intervention. Participants on colostrum increased leg press strength (24 ± 29 kg$$$ p < .01) to a greater extent than participants on whey protein (8 ± 16 kg) and had a greater reduction in Ntx compared with participants on whey protein (‐15 ± 40% vs. 10 ± 42%$$$ p < .05). Bench press strength, muscle thickness, lean tissue mass, bone mineral content, and cognitive scores increased over time (p < .05) with no difference between groups. There were no changes in IGF‐1 or CRP. Colostrum supplementation during resistance training was beneficial for increasing leg press strength and reducing bone resorption in older adults. Both colostrum and whey protein groups improved upper body strength, muscle thickness, lean tissue mass, and cognitive function.
Relation between the intake of milk fat and the occurrence of conjugated linoleic acid in human adipose tissue$$$ BACKGROUND: Conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) is a group of naturally occurring fatty acids mainly present in fats from ruminants. CLA has been shown to be a potential anticarcinogen. OBJECTIVE: In this study, the relation between bovine milk fat intake and the occurrence of CLA in human adipose tissue was investigated. DESIGN: One hundred twenty‐three men weighed and recorded the foods they consumed for 1 wk. Afterward, recall interviews were conducted by telephone monthly for 7 consecutive months to inquire about food consumption during the previous 24 h. The entire dietary recording procedure was repeated once. The fatty acid composition of adipose tissue and serum was analyzed. RESULTS: The average amount of one isomer of CLA‐‐9‐cis,11‐trans‐octadecadienoic acid (9c,11t‐18:2)‐‐as a percentage of total fatty acids was found to be 0.50% in adipose tissue and 0.25% in serum. The amount of 9c,11t‐18:2 in adipose tissue was significantly correlated with milk fat intake (r = 0.42). The percentage of 9c,11t‐18:2 in both adipose tissue and in serum was strongly correlated with myristoleic acid (14:1). CONCLUSION: The amount of 9c,11t‐18:2 in human adipose tissue was significantly related to milk fat intake.
Effects of milk protein concentrate on energy restriction-induced changes in body composition and indices of metabolic syndrome$$$ This study assessed the effects of higher protein intake achieved using milk protein concentrate (MPC) on body composition and metabolic health. We conducted a 20‐wk randomized, double blind study (4‐wk weight maintenance baseline and 16‐wk energy restricted intervention with 750 kcal/d energy deficit) with 44 subjects (12M:32F, age 52 ± 7 y, BMI 30.6 ± 3.0 kg/m2) assigned to either a normal (NP, n=23) or high (HP, n=21) protein diet (0.8 vs. 1.5 g protein.kg‐1 baseline body weight.d‐1). The HP diet had 0.7 g.kg‐1.d‐1 MPC. At weeks 4 and 20, body (DEXA) and muscle (MRI) composition, waist circumference (WC), morning resting blood pressure (BP), 24‐h BP, fasting plasma glucose (Glu), insulin (Ins), triglyceride (TG), LDL‐cholesterol (C), and HDL‐C were assessed. Higher protein intake did not influence changes in these parameters, except BP. 24‐h systolic and diastolic BP decreased in HP (‐5.5 ± 1.9 and ‐3.2 ± 1.1 mmHg), but remained stable in NP (1.3 ± 1.9 and 0.1 ± 1.1 mmHg). The same pattern of changes also occurred in awake (trend for diastolic), sleep and morning BPs. Over time, subjects lost weight (‐8.2 ± 2.9 kg), fat mass (FM) (‐7.0 ± 2.5 kg), FM% (‐4.6 ± 2.1%), lean mass (LM) (‐1.2 ± 1.1 kg), and gained LM% (4.3 ± 2.0%). They also lost thigh intermuscular (IMAT) and subcutaneous (SubQ) adipose tissue areas, (‐1.4 ± 1.0 and ‐22 ± 11 cm2), fat area% (IMAT + SubQ, ‐3.6 ± 1.8%), muscle area (MA, ‐6.8 ± 4.6 cm2), and gained MA% (3.2 ± 1.6%). WC, BP, Glu, Ins, HOMA‐IR, HOMA‐ ß, LDL‐C, TG and HDL‐C all improved over time. A MPC‐based higher protein diet supported weight loss‐induced improvements in body composition and indices of metabolic syndrome, and enhanced changes in BP.
Blood-pressure-lowering effect of a novel fermented milk containing gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) in mild hypertensives$$$ OBJECTIVE: To study the effect of a new fermented milk product containing GABA (FMG) on the blood pressure (BP) of patients with mild hypertension. DESIGN: A randomized, placebo‐controlled, single‐blind trial. SETTING: The study was carried out at the outpatient clinic of the Cardiovascular Disease Center, Tokyo Metropolitan Police Hospital, Japan. SUBJECTS: The study population comprised 39 mildly hypertensive patients (16 women and 23 men) aged 28‐81 y (mean, 54.2 y). INTERVENTIONS: The study consisted of a 12‐week period of daily intake of FMG or placebo (weeks 1‐12) followed by 2 weeks of no intake (weeks 13 and 14). We measured the peripheral BP and heart rate of seated patients at weeks 0, 2, 4, 8, 12 and 14. Routine blood study and urinalysis were performed before and after the intake. RESULTS: There was a significant decrease of BP within 2 or 4 weeks, and it remained decreased throughout the 12‐week intake period. For the FMG recipients, the mean decrease after 12 weeks was 17.4+/‐4.3 mmHg in the systolic BP (SBP) and 7.2+/‐5.7 mmHg in the diastolic BP (DBP). Both of these values differed statistically from baseline levels (P<0.01), and the SBP of the FMG group differed from the placebo group (P<0.05). Heart rate, body weight, hematological and blood chemistry variables, and urinalysis results (glucosuria and proteinuria) did not vary both groups throughout the study. CONCLUSION: FMG may contribute to lowering BP in mildly hypertensive people.
A fermented milk high in bioactive peptides has a blood pressure-lowering effect in hypertensive subjects$$$ BACKGROUND: Angiotensin‐converting enzyme (ACE$$$ EC 3.4.15.1) plays a dual role in the regulation of hypertension: it catalyzes the production of the vasoconstrictor angiotensin II and it inactivates the vasodilator bradykinin. By inhibiting these processes, ACE inhibitors have antihypertensive effects. Peptides derived from milk proteins can have ACE‐inhibiting properties and may thus be used as antihypertensive components. OBJECTIVE: We evaluated the long‐term blood pressure‐lowering effect of milk fermented by Lactobacillus helveticus LBK‐16H in hypertensive subjects. DESIGN: In a randomized placebo‐controlled study, 39 hypertensive patients received 150 mL/d of either L. helveticus LBK‐16H fermented milk or a control product for 21 wk after a 2‐wk run‐in period. During the run‐in period, the average baseline diastolic and systolic blood pressure values were 155 and 97 mm Hg, respectively, in the test product group and 152 and 96 mm Hg, respectively, in the control group. After the run‐in period, blood pressure was measured at home on the same day every week with the use of an automatic blood pressure recorder. RESULTS: There was a mean difference of 6.7 +/‐ 3.0 mm Hg in systolic blood pressure (P = 0.030) and of 3.6 +/‐ 1.9 mm Hg (P = 0.059) in diastolic blood pressure between the test product and control groups. Demographic factors had no significant effect on the responses. CONCLUSION: L. helveticus LBK‐16H fermented milk containing bioactive peptides in normal daily use has a blood pressure‐lowering effect in hypertensive subjects.
Effect of powdered fermented milk with Lactobacillus helveticus on subjects with high-normal blood pressure or mild hypertension$$$ OBJECTIVE: Two tripeptides (Val‐Pro‐Pro and Ile‐Pro‐Pro) that have inhibitory activities for angiotensin I‐converting enzyme are produced in milk fermented with Lactobacillus helveticus. In this study we evaluated the effect and safety of powdered fermented milk with L. helveticus CM4 on subjects with high‐normal blood pressure or mild hypertension. METHODS: A randomized, placebo‐controlled, double‐blind study was conducted using 40 subjects with high‐normal blood pressure (HN group) and 40 subjects with mild hypertension (MH group). Each subject ingested 6 test tablets (12 g) containing powdered fermented milk with L. helveticus CM4 daily for 4 weeks (test group) or the same amount of placebo tablets for 4 weeks (placebo group). RESULTS: During treatment, the decrease in systolic blood pressure (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) in the test group tended to be greater than in the placebo group for both blood pressure groups. At the end of treatment (week 4), a significant decrease in DBP in the HN group was observed (i.e. 5.0 mm Hg (0.1, 9.9$$$ p = 0.04) compared with the placebo group). There was no significant change in SBP (3.2 mm Hg (95% CI ‐2.6, 8.9$$$ p = 0.27). In the MH group, SBP decreased by 11.2 mm Hg (4.0, 18.4$$$ p = 0.003) and there was a statistically non‐significant decrease in DBP of 6.5 mm Hg (‐0.1, 13.0$$$ p = 0.055) compared with the placebo group. No marked changes were observed in other indexes, including pulse rate, body weight and blood serum variables, and no adverse effects attributed to the treatment was found in each group. CONCLUSIONS: Daily ingestion of the tablets containing powdered fermented milk with L. helveticus CM4 in subjects with high‐normal blood pressure or mild hypertension reduces elevated blood pressure without any adverse effects.
Study held to see the effect of intake of nagbala milk decoction in treatment of high blood pressure$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Nagbala kshirpak Dose 40 ml Frequency Twice daily Route of administration Oral Duration of therapy For 21 days: Nagbala churna 5 gm Boiled with 40 ml of cow milk along with 160 ml water reduced to 40 ml Patient will be asked to sieve it and consumed after it is cooled down This will be advised to take twice a day for a period of 21 days Control Intervention1: Nil: Nil CONDITION: Health Condition 1: I10‐ Essential (primary) hypertension PRIMARY OUTCOME: Nagbala kshirpaka is effective in the management of essential hypertension. $$$ Timepoint: 21 days study with 3 follow ups (0,7,14,21 days) $$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: NilTimepoint: Nil INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1)Systolic Blood Pressure: less than 170 mm of Hg more than or equal to 140 mm of Hg. 2)Diastolic Blood Pressure: less than or equal to 110 mm of Hg or More than 90 mm of Hg. 3)Patient willing to enroll in the research & to sign the consent form
Effects of milk and carbonated beverage consumption on ambulatory blood pressure and cardiovascular responses to stress: a pilot study$$$ Bioactive components of milk (Ca, K, Mg, a‐lactalbumin) reduce blood pressure (BP) and reactivity to stress. This study was undertaken to similarly explore effects of milk consumption versus a common alternative, soda. In a randomized crossover, 10 prehypertensive men consumed either 3 servings of milk or noncaffeinated regular soda daily for 2 wk with their customary diet. Free‐living 24 h ambulatory blood pressure (ABP) was recorded. In an exercise physiology laboratory, automated BP was measured at baseline$$$ after 2‐min isometric handgrip pre‐ and post‐prandial, and post‐caffeine$$$ and during submaximal cycle ergometry. Individual mean 24‐h ABPs clustered into 2 response categories, with participants displaying lower systolic ABP with milk (MC, n=4) or with soda (SC, n=3) consumption, and a non‐responding category (n=3). Applying the 24‐h ABP categorization, data collected in response to dynamic cycle ergometry substantially reflected the bimodal response to beverage. Isometric handgrip exercise elicited greater BP differences between beverages and in reactivity in MC after fasting$$$ post‐prandial responses and reactivity were reversed. Conclusion: Results suggest heterogeneous BP response to beverage in pre‐hypertensive men.
Can lactase persistence genotype be used to reassess the relationship between renal cell carcinoma and milk drinking? Potentials and problems in the application of Mendelian randomization$$$ BACKGROUND: Increased risk of renal cell carcinoma (RCC) with milk consumption has been reported from observational studies. Whether this represents a causal association or is a result of confounding or bias is unclear. We assessed the potential for using genetic variation in lactase persistence as a tool for the study of this relationship. METHODS: Using a large, hospital‐based case‐control study, we used observational, phenotypic, and genetic data to determine whether the MCM6 ‐13910 C/T(rs4988235) variant may be used as a nonconfounded and unbiased marker for milk consumption. RESULTS: Consumption of milk during adulthood was associated with increased risk of RCC [odds ratio (OR), 1.35$$$ 95% confidence interval (95% CI), 1.03‐1.76$$$ P=0.03]. Among controls, consumption of milk was associated with the lactase persistence genotype at rs4988235 (OR, 2.39$$$ 95% CI, 1.81‐3.15$$$ P=6.9x10(‐10))$$$ however, the same genotype was not associated with RCC (OR, 1.01$$$ 95% CI, 0.83‐1.22$$$ P=0.9). In controls, milk consumption was associated with confounding factors, including smoking and educational attainment, whereas genotypes at rs4988235 showed negligible association with confounding factors. CONCLUSION: The absence of an association between the MCM6 genotype and RCC suggests that observational associations between milk consumption and RCC may be due to confounding or bias. IMPACT: Although these data suggest that associations between milk consumption and RCC may be spurious, if the association between genotype and behavioral exposure is weak, then the power of this test may be low. The nature of intermediate risk factor instrumentation is an important consideration in the undertaking and interpretation of this type of causal analysis experiment.
Replacing dietary saturated with unsaturated fat reduces the cardiovascular risk score in men and women at moderate cardiovascular risk: DIVAS study$$$ A key public health strategy to lower cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk is the reduction of saturated fatty acid (SFA) intake to ≤10% of total energy (%TE)(1). Replacement of SFA with unsaturated fats may be more beneficial than carbohydrates,(2) yet the optimal class of fatty acid is unclear. The Dietary Intervention and VAScular function (DIVAS) study developed a food‐exchange model to replace 8%TE dietary SFA with either monounsaturated (MUFA) or n‐6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) to determine the effects of the intervention on CVD risk score in adults at moderate CVD risk. This 16‐wk, parallel, randomised, controlled, single‐blinded dietary intervention (ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT01478958), randomly assigned UK adults aged 21.60 years (n 195) with moderate CVD risk to follow one of three isoenergetic diets providing 36%TE total fat (%TE target intakes for SFA:MUFA:n‐6 PUFA): SFA‐rich (17:11:4$$$ n 65), MUFA‐rich (9:19:4$$$ n 64), or n‐6 PUFA‐rich (9:13:10$$$ n 66). A flexible food‐exchange model was developed to replace accessible fats in the habitual diet with study foods (spreads, oils, snacks and dairy products) of specific fatty acid composition. Compliance to the dietary regimen was determined by 4‐day weighed diet diaries, plasma phospholipid (PL) fatty acid composition and anthropometric measurements at baseline (wk 0) and post‐intervention (wk 16). CVD risk score was calculated at screening, wk 0 and wk 16 using a risk assessment tool including raised total cholesterol, glucose and blood pressure, low high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol, overweight/obesity and/or family history of premature myocardial infarction or type 2 diabetes.(3) A risk score of ≥2 points was required for participation and reflected a ≥50% greater CVD risk relative to the general population. Target intakes were largely met for each intervention group. Both dietary and plasma PL fatty acids showed significant overall diet effects for changes in SFA, MUFA and n‐6 PUFA between groups after 16 wk (P < 0•001), except plasma PL n‐6 PUFA. Moreover, changes in total fat, protein, carbohydrate, alcohol and BMI did not differ significantly between groups. Relative to baseline, the increase in CVD risk score in the SFA group (0•46 (SEM 0•14) points) was significantly different from the MUFA (0•00 (0•10) points$$$ P = 0•010) and n‐6 PUFA groups (‐0•14 (0•16) points$$$ P = 0•001). Weak yet significant correlations between the changes in CVD risk score and dietary SFA (r = 0•216$$$ P = 0•003) and MUFA (r = ‐0•143$$$ P = 0•048) were observed, but the negative trend with n‐6 PUFA was not significant. In conclusion, the long‐term replacement of SFA with MUFA or n‐6 PUFA using a food‐exchange model largely achieved target fatty acid intakes, whilst having minimal impact on other nutrients or body weight. The detrimental effect of dietary SFA on CVD risk scores was attenuated or reduced following replacement with MUFA and n‐6 PUFA, respectively, in adults at moderate CVD risk. This data supports current public health recommendations to reduce dietary SFA intake as a strategy for CVD risk reduction.
Improvement of bone formation biomarkers after 1-year consumption with milk fortified with eicosapentaenoic acid, docosahexaenoic acid, oleic acid, and selected vitamins$$$ The hypothesis of this study was that the replacement of regular milk with fortified milk in hyperlipidemic adults for 1 year would improve bone biomarkers. The fortified milk contained eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid from fish oils, oleic acid, vitamins A, B(6), and E, as well as folic acid. We believe that the fortified milk will improve the blood fatty acid profile and vitamin status in subjects to benefit bone health biomarkers. From the 84 patients who accepted to participate, 11 of these were excluded for the presence of metabolic diseases and 1 was excluded for noncompliance with the protocol. Seventy‐two hyperlipidemic patients (35‐65 years) were randomly divided between 2 study groups. The supplement group (E$$$ n = 39) consumed 0.5 L/d of fortified milk that contained fish oil, oleic acid, and vitamins. The control group (C$$$ n = 33) consumed 0.5 L/d of semiskimmed milk containing the same amount of total fat. Blood samples were taken at T(0), T(3), T(6), and T(12) months to determine plasma fatty acids, vitamins B(6), E, and 25‐hydroxyvitamin D and serum folate, calcium, soluble osteoprotegerin (OPG), soluble receptor activator of NF‐kappaB ligand (RANKL), osteocalcin, parathormone, type I collagen carboxy‐terminal telopeptide, and malondialdehyde. After 1 year, the E group showed a significant increase in plasma eicosapentaenoic acid (42%), docosahexaenoic acid (60%), vitamin B6 (38%), OPG (18%), RANKL (7%), OPG/RANKL (10%), red blood cell folate (21%), serum folate (53%), calcium (4%), vitamin D (11%), and osteocalcin (22%). Dietary supplementation with the fortified milk drink improved nutritional status and bone formation markers in adult hyperlipidemic patients.
trans Palmitoleic acid arises endogenously from dietary vaccenic acid$$$ BACKGROUND: trans Palmitoleic acid (t‐16:1n‐7, or 16:1 t9 in the δ nomenclature usually applied to trans fatty acids and used herein) arouses great scientific interest because it has been suggested to serve as a biomarker for lower risks of type 2 diabetes and coronary artery disease. OBJECTIVE: Although 16:1 t9 has been assumed to derive from dietary sources, we examined the hypothesis that 16:1 t9 might also be endogenously produced from its metabolic precursor vaccenic acid (t‐18:1n‐7 or 18:1 t11). DESIGN: We reevaluated fatty acid data obtained from one human intervention study and one cellular model in both of which 18:1 t11 was supplemented. Both studies have already been published, but to our knowledge, 16:1 t9 has not yet been considered. This reanalysis of the datasets was reasonable because a new methodology for identifying 16:1 cis and trans isomers allowed us to address the subject presented in this article. RESULTS: Data showed that the systemic or intracellular increase in 16:1 t9 was strongly correlated with the increase in 18:1 t11 after the dietary intake or cellular uptake of 18:1 t11. The conversion rate in humans was, on average, 17%. CONCLUSION: Our findings suggest that endogenous 16:1 t9 is not, as has been assumed, exclusively diet derived but may also be produced by the partial β oxidation of dietary 18:1 t11.
Effect of Soymilk Consumption on Waist Circumference and Cardiovascular Risks among Overweight and Obese Female Adults$$$ BACKGROUND: Soy milk replacement in the diet might have beneficial effects on waist circumference and cardiovascular risk factors for overweight and obese subjects. Therefore, we are going to determine the effects of soy milk replacements on the waist circumference and cardiovascular risk factors among overweight and obese female adults. METHODS: In this crossover randomized clinical trail, 24 over weight and obese female adults were on a diet with soy milk or the diet with cow's milk for four weeks. In the diet with soy milk only one glass of soy milk (240 cc) was replaced instead of one glass of cow's milk (240 cc). Measurements were done according to the standard protocol. RESULTS: WAIST CIRCUMFERENCE REDUCED SIGNIFICANTLY FOLLOWING SOY MILK PERIOD (MEAN PERCENT CHANGE IN SOY MILK PERIOD FOR WAIST CIRCUMFERENCE: ‐3.79 ± 0.51 vs. ‐1.78 ± 0.55 %$$$ P = 0.02 in the cow's milk period). Blood pressure, weight, liver enzymes and glycemic control indices did not changed significantly after soy milk period compared to the cow's milk period. CONCLUSION: Among over weight and obese patients, soy milk can play an important role in reducing waist circumference. However, soy milk replacement had no significant effects on weight, glycemic control indices, liver enzymes, fibrinogen and blood pressure in a short term trial.
Effect of probiotic in the management of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Probiotic capsules containing Bacillus coagulans Unique IS‐2, Bacillus clausii UBBC‐07‐ 1 Bacillus subtilis ‐UBBS‐14, Silybum marianum‐milk thistle , Choline bitartarate and Vitamin E: One capsule twice daily for 90 days Control Intervention1: Placebo capsules which are identical to probiotic capsules without active ingredients: One capsule twice daily for 90 days CONDITION: Health Condition 1: K760‐ Fatty (change of) liver, not elsewhere classified PRIMARY OUTCOME: To determine the change in liver fat between the two groups after 90 days of treatment and $$$ change in serum ALT (alanine aminotransferase) from baseline to Day 90 $$$ Timepoint: Baseline and EOT SECONDARY OUTCOME: Change from baseline to 90 days in $$$ AST (aspartate aminotransferase) $$$ AST and ALT ratio $$$ FIB 4 Inde X $$$ NAFLD fibrosis score (NFS) $$$ HOMA IR (Homeostatic model assessment Insulin Resistance) $$$ Change in liver enzymes and lipid parameters Oxidative stress parameters ( catalase, SOD,GSHPx,iNOS, MDA and DPPH scavenging activity) $$$ Change in glycemic parameters in fasting conditions $$$ Change in biomarkers of inflammation (hsCRP, IL6, IL8,TNF alpha, NF kB) $$$ Change in anthropometric parameters $$$ $$$ Timepoint: Baseline and EOT INCLUSION CRITERIA: Early diagnosis of NAFLD grading 1 2or 3 on abdominal ultrasound Mild to moderate elevation of serum aminotransferase levels Treatment naïve patients or patients not on any treatment for at least 4 weeks before inclusion Patients with a body mass inde Xbetween 25 and 40 kg per square meter Patients with a history of controlled obesity or controlled diabetes
The effect of a substance in Green tea in the decrease of compounds formed in the food preparation process that affect human health$$$ INTERVENTION: B01.650.940.800.575.100.928.500.500.500 D10.212.302 Dietary supplement The study was a randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, crossover clinical trial with 16 ( all the women participate in both groups ‐ placebo and intervention) healthy young women, 18 to 25 years of age. The HFAGE (High fat, high AGE) assays were performed with a washout period of one week. Intervention group: high fat diet and AGE (Advanced glycation end products) + 800 mg EGCG (Eppigalocatechin‐3‐galate) divided into 2 400 mg supplementation capsules given immediately prior to the ingestion of HFAGE (High fat, high AGE). Placebo group: high fat diet and AGE (Advanced glycation end products) + 800 mg of corn starch divided into 2 capsules of 400 mg supplementation given immediately prior to ingestion of HFAGE (High fat, high AGE). Blood samples and blood pressure were collected shortly before the intervention, 90 and 120 min after the end of HFAGE ingestion. Carboxymethyl lysine (CML) was the compound chosen for the measurement of AGE. HFAGE consisted of 80 g of McDonald's potatoes containing 1217.60 kU CML, 130 g of fried bacon for 5 minutes without addition of oil, containing 119,050.10 kU CML and 60 g of grated Parmesan cheese containing 10 140 kU of LMC, totaling 130,407.70 kU CML. CONDITION: D04.210.500.247.808.197.225 I01.880.787.839.500 M01.975 Prevention of the ills caused by the ingestion of fat and advanced glycation end products (AGEs) in healthy women. $$$ D04.210.500.247.808.197.225 $$$ I01.880.787.839.500 $$$ M01.975 PRIMARY OUTCOME: The expected outcome for the present study is 10% reduction in advanced glycation end products (AGE), measured by serum carboxymethyl lysine, and triglycerides concentrations 120 minutes after epigallocatechin‐3‐gallate administration and AGE‐rich meal intake. SECONDARY OUTCOME: A reduction in insulin resistance (5%) is expected after (120 min) the epigallocatechin‐3‐gallate administration and AGE‐rich meal intake. An improvement in insulin resistance (5%) is expected after (120 min) the epigallocatechin‐3‐gallate administration and AGE‐rich meal intake. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Female$$$ healthy$$$ eutrophic (BMI between 18.5 kg / m2 and 24.9 kg / m2) and age between 18 and 25 years.
Screening of probiotic activities of forty-seven strains of Lactobacillus spp. by in vitro techniques and evaluation of the colonization ability of five selected strains in humans$$$ The probiotic potential of 47 selected strains of Lactobacillus spp. was investigated. The strains were examined for resistance to pH 2.5 and 0.3% oxgall, adhesion to Caco‐2 cells, and antimicrobial activities against enteric pathogenic bacteria in model systems. From the results obtained in vitro, five strains, Lactobacillus rhamnosus 19070‐2, L. reuteri DSM 12246, L. rhamnosus LGG, L. delbrueckii subsp. lactis CHCC 2329, and L. casei subsp. alactus CHCC 3137, were selected for in vivo studies. The daily consumption by 12 healthy volunteers of two doses of 10(10) freeze‐dried bacteria of the selected strains for 18 days was followed by a washout period of 17 days. Fecal samples were taken at days 0 and 18 and during the washout period at days 5 and 11. Lactobacillus isolates were initially identified by API 50CHL and internal transcribed spacer PCR, and their identities were confirmed by restriction enzyme analysis in combination with pulsed‐field gel electrophoresis. Among the tested strains, L. rhamnosus 19070‐2, L. reuteri DSM 12246, and L. rhamnosus LGG were identified most frequently in fecal samples$$$ they were found in 10, 8, and 7 of the 12 samples tested during the intervention period, respectively, whereas reisolations were less frequent in the washout period. The bacteria were reisolated in concentrations from 10(5) to 10(8) cells/g of feces. Survival and reisolation of the bacteria in vivo appeared to be linked to pH tolerance, adhesion, and antimicrobial properties in vitro.
Increased milk protein isolate consumption during diet-induced energy restriction does not influence changes in bone quantity in overweight and obese older adults$$$ The pervasiveness of obesity is an ever prevalent reality amongst US adults and diet‐induced weight loss is an effective strategy to decrease adiposity and improve overall metabolic health. High protein weight loss diets are commonly adopted for weight loss due to their preferential decrease of fat mass over fat‐free mass. However, diet‐induced weight loss is shown to decrease bone quantity over time and the effect of increased protein intake during energy restriction on bone quantity is still unclear. The purpose of this study was to assess the effect of dietary protein on bone quantity (bone mineral density (BMD) & content (BMC)) during diet‐induced energy restriction in overweight/obese adults (randomized, double‐blind, parallel, and controlled diet design). Forty‐three participants (11M:32F, aged 53±1 y, BMI 30.6±0.5 kg/m , Mean±SE) consumed an energy‐balanced diet with 0.8 g protein·kg baseline body mass ·d for 3 wk (baseline control) before being randomized into either a normal protein (NP, control, n=23) or high protein (HP, n=20) (0.8 vs. 1.5 g·kg ·d ) energy‐restricted diet (750 kcal/d deficit) for 16 wk. The HP group consumed their 0.7 g·kg ·d of additional protein from milk protein isolate. Baseline (wk 4) and post (wk 20) BMD and BMC (total body, lumbar spine (L1‐L4), femoral neck, and total hip) were measured (Lunar iDXA and enCORE version 11.2$$$ GE Healthcare). Over the 16‐wk intervention, regardless of group distinction, participants lost weight (‐8.2±0.4 kg) through decreases in fat mass (‐7.0±0.4 kg) and lean mass (‐1.2±0.2 kg). Anticipated age and gender differences in indices of bone quantity were observed as older women displayed lower values than younger men. Protein intake did not influence changes in bone quantity during the 16‐wk energy‐restricted diet. Hip BMD (p=0.0346, ‐0.004±0.002 g/cm ) and BMC (p=0.0413, ‐0.17±0.08 g) decreased over time with no changes in other skeletal sites. Higher protein intake achieved through increased milk protein isolate consumption does not influence weight loss‐induced bone loss in overweight and obese older adults.
Kidney Function Improvement by Soy Milk Containing Lactobacillus plantarum A7 in Type 2 Diabetic Patients With Nephropathy: a Double-Blinded Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ INTRODUCTION: Even with the ultimate medical management, more than one‐third of diabetic patients develop diabetic nephropathy. To our knowledge, there is no study that has examined the effect of probiotic soy milk on kidney function in type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy. This clinical trial aimed to assess the effects of consumption of probiotic soy milk, compared with conventional soy milk, on kidney‐related indexes in patients with diabetic nephropathy. MATERIALS AND METHODS: In a randomized double‐blinded placebo‐controlled trial, 44 patients were randomly assigned to receive 200 mL/d of either soy milk containing Lactobacillus plantarum A7 or conventional soy milk for 8 weeks. Primary endpoints included urinary albumin excretion, estimated glomerular filtration rate, interlukin‐18, serum sialic acid, and serum creatinine. Fasting blood samples and morning fasting spot urine samples were collected at the beginning and after 8 weeks for evaluation of biochemical parameters. RESULTS: Forty patients completed the study. Administration of probiotic soymilk resulted in a significant reduction in albuminuria (P = .03), serum creatinine (P < .001), serum interleukin‐18 (P = .002), and serum sialic acid (P = .001) compared with conventional soy milk. Probiotic soymilk supplementation also led to a significant improvement in estimated glomerular filtration rate (15.9 ± 10.8 mL/min versus 3.2 ± 8.4 mL/min, P < .001) compared with the control group. CONCLUSIONS: Probiotic soy milk was safe and well‐tolerated by patients with diabetic nephropathy for 8 weeks. Probiotic soy milk also improved indexes of kidney function in type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy.
The Impact of Probiotic Soy Milk Consumption on Oxidative Stress Among Type 2 Diabetic Kidney Disease Patients: a Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial$$$ OBJECTIVE: Diabetic kidney disease (DKD) is one the most important complications of diabetes leading to end‐stage renal disease. This study aimed to determine the effects of probiotic soy milk consumption on oxidative stress biomarkers in type 2 DKD patients. METHODS: Forty‐eight patients were randomly assigned to consume a diet containing 200 mL/day probiotic soy milk in the intervention group or soy milk in the control condition. As determinants of oxidative stress, malondialdehyde, 8‐iso‐prostaglandin F2α, oxidized glutathione, total antioxidant capacity, reduced glutathione (GSH), glutathione peroxidase, and glutathione reductase were measured after 8 weeks of intervention according to the standard protocol. RESULTS: Between groups analysis showed that DKD patients in the probiotic soy milk group had a higher mean value of GSH compared with those in the soy milk group. In the final adjusted model, this difference remained significant. Consistently, oxidized glutathione concentration was significantly reduced among patients in the probiotic soy milk group. Also, for activity levels of antioxidant enzymes including glutathione peroxidase and glutathione reductase, significant increased levels were observed between 2 intervention groups in the final adjusted model. However, no significant reduction of the serum 8‐iso‐prostaglandin F2α or malondialdehyde and no induction of TAC concentrations within and between the 2 groups in the crude and adjusted models were detected. CONCLUSION: Overall, the results demonstrate that probiotic soy milk consumption could improve some oxidative stress factors among DKD patients. Further longitudinal studies with consideration of individual variation should be conducted.
High fat challenges with different fatty acids affect distinct atherogenic gene expression pathways in immune cells from lean and obese subjects$$$ SCOPE: Early perturbations in vascular health can be detected by imposing subjects to a high fat (HF) challenge and measure response capacity. Subtle responses can be determined by assessment of whole‐genome transcriptional changes. We aimed to magnify differences in health by comparing gene‐expression changes in peripheral blood mononuclear cells toward a high MUFA or saturated fatty acids (SFA) challenge between subjects with different cardiovascular disease risk profiles and to identify fatty acid specific gene‐expression pathways. METHODS AND RESULTS: In a cross‐over study, 17 lean and 15 obese men (50‐70 years) received two 95 g fat shakes, high in SFAs or MUFAs. Peripheral blood mononuclear cell gene‐expression profiles were assessed fasted and 4‐h postprandially. Comparisons were made between groups and shakes. During fasting, 294 genes were significantly differently expressed between lean and obese. The challenge increased differences to 607 genes after SFA and 2516 genes after MUFA. In both groups, SFA decreased expression of cholesterol biosynthesis and uptake genes and increased cholesterol efflux genes. MUFA increased inflammatory genes and PPAR‐α targets involved in β‐oxidation. CONCLUSION: Based upon gene‐expression changes, we conclude that an HF challenge magnifies differences in health, especially after MUFA. Our findings also demonstrate how SFAs and MUFAs exert distinct effects on lipid handling pathways in immune cells.
Effects of probiotic soy milk on lipid panel in type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy: a double-blind randomized clinical trial$$$ Background: Cardiovascular diseases (CVD) are among the most common complications of diabetes. Lipid abnormalities in diabetic patients are not only related to higher risk of CVD, but also accelerate the progression of diabetic nephropathy. To the best of our knowledge, there is no study that has assessed the effects of probiotic soy milk on lipid profile in type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy. Objective: The current study was designed to examine the effects of consumption of soy milk containing lactobacillus plantarum A7 compared with conventional soy milk on lipid panel in type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy. Methods: A total of 44 type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy were randomly assigned to receive 200 ml/day of either probiotic soy milk (n=22) or conventional soy milk (n=22) for eight weeks, in this randomized double‐blind clinical trial. Fasting blood samples were taken at the beginning and after eight weeks of the intervention for analysis of lipid profile and other relevant variables. P values < 0.05 were considered as statistically significant. Results: Consumption of probiotic soy milk for 8 weeks led to an increase in serum genistein (17.6±15.3 vs. 4.5±2.3, p=0.002) and eGFR (15.9±10.8 vs. 3.2±8.4, p<0.001) compared with conventional soy milk. Additionally probiotic soy milk resulted in decreased LDL‐cholesterol (‐9.2±10.4 vs. ‐2.2±5.2, p=0.01), total cholesterol (‐12.4±4.8 vs. ‐4.87±14.7, p=0.04), non‐HDL cholesterol (‐15.3±4.5 vs. ‐5.9±14.7, p=0.01) and serum TG (‐14.6±12.5 vs. ‐3.9±9.3, p=0.007) compared with control group. We did not detect any significant effect of probiotic soy milk on serum HDL‐cholestrol (1.11±3.38 vs. 0.90±2.7, p=0.8) and serum phosphorus (‐0.14±0.10 vs. 0.05±0.5, p=0.1). Conclusion: Administration of soy milk containing lactobacillus plantarum A7 in type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy had beneficial effects on lipid profile and glomerular function, but did not affect HDL‐cholesterol. In addition probiotic soy milk did not result in a significant elevation in the serum phosphorus concentration. This trial was registered at http://www.irct.ir as IRCT201601027479N2.
Dietary intakes associated with successful weight loss and maintenance during the Weight Loss Maintenance trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Dietary components effective in weight maintenance efforts have not been adequately identified. OBJECTIVE: To determine the effects of changes in dietary consumption on weight loss and maintenance during the Weight Loss Maintenance clinical trial. DESIGN: Weight Loss Maintenance was a randomized controlled trial. Successful weight loss participants who completed Phase I of the trial and lost 4 kg were randomized to one of three maintenance intervention arms in Phase II and followed for an additional 30 months. PARTICIPANTS/SETTING: The multicenter trial was conducted from 2003 through 2007. This substudy included 828 successful weight loss participants. METHODS: The Block Food Frequency Questionnaire (FFQ) was used to assess nutrient intake levels and food group servings. Carbohydrates, proteins, fats, dietary fiber, fruit/vegetable, and dairy servings were utilized as predictor variables. The FFQ was collected on all participants at study entry (beginning of Phase I). Those randomized to Phase II completed the FFQ at three additional time points: randomization (beginning of Phase II), 12 months, and 30 months. INTERVENTION: The main intervention focused on long‐term maintenance of weight loss using the Dietary Approaches to Hypertension diet. This substudy examined if changes to specific dietary variables were associated with weight loss and maintenance. STATISTICAL ANALYSES PERFORMED: Linear regression models that adjusted for change in total energy examined the relationship between changes in dietary intake and weight for each time period. Site, age, race, sex, and a race‐sex interaction were included as covariates. RESULTS: Participants who substituted protein for fat lost, on average, 0.33 kg per 6 months during Phase I (P<0.0001) and 0.07 kg per 6 months during Phase II (P<0.0001) per 1% increase in protein. Increased intake of fruits and vegetables was associated with weight loss in Phases I and II: 0.29 kg per 6 months (P<0.0001) and 0.04 kg per 6 months (P=0.0062), respectively, per 1‐serving increase. Substitution of carbohydrates for fat and protein for carbohydrates were associated with weight loss during both phases. Increasing dairy intake was associated with significant weight loss during Phase II (‐0.17 kg per 6 months per 1‐serving increase, P=0.0002), but not during Phase I. Dietary fiber revealed no significant findings. CONCLUSIONS: Increasing fruits, vegetables, and low‐fat dairy may help achieve weight loss and maintenance.
Structured diet and exercise guidance in pregnancy to improve health in women and their offspring: study protocol for the Be Healthy in Pregnancy (BHIP) randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Evidence from epidemiological and animal studies support the concept of programming fetal, neonatal, and adult health in response to in utero exposures such as maternal obesity and lifestyle variables. Excess gestational weight gain (GWG), maternal physical activity, and sub‐optimal and excess nutrition during pregnancy may program the offspring's risk of obesity. Maternal intake of dairy foods rich in high‐quality proteins, calcium, and vitamin D may influence later bone health status. Current clinical practice guidelines for managing GWG are not founded on randomized trials and lack specific "active intervention ingredients." The Be Healthy in Pregnancy (BHIP) study is a randomized controlled trial (RCT) designed to test the effectiveness of a novel structured and monitored Nutrition + Exercise intervention in pregnant women of all pre‐pregnancy weight categories (except extreme obesity), delivered through prenatal care in community settings (rather than in hospital settings), on the likelihood of women achieving recommended GWG and a benefit to bone status of offspring and mother at birth and six months postpartum. Methods: The BHIP study is a two‐site RCT that will recruit up to 242 participants aged > 18 years at 12‐17 weeks of gestation. After baseline measures, participants are randomized to either a structured and monitored Nutrition + Exercise (intervention) or usual care (control) program for the duration of their pregnancy. The primary outcome of the study is the percent of women who achieve GWG within the Institute of Medicine (IOM) guidelines. The secondary outcomes include: (1) maternal bone status via blood bone biomarkers during pregnancy$$$ (2) infant bone status in cord blood$$$ (3) mother and infant bone status measured by dual‐energy absorptiometry scanning (DXA scan) at six months postpartum$$$ (4) other measures including maternal blood pressure, blood glucose and lipid profiles, % body fat, and postpartum weight retention$$$ and (5) infant weight z‐scores and fat mass at six months of age. Discussion: If effective, this RCT will generate high‐quality evidence to refine the nutrition guidelines during pregnancy to improve the likelihood of women achieving recommended GWG. It will also demonstrate the importance of early nutrition on bone health in the offspring. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT01689961 Registered on 21 September 2012.
Diet induced thermogenesis, fat oxidation and food intake following sequential meals: influence of calcium and vitamin D$$$ BACKGROUND & AIMS: The mechanisms linking dietary calcium and vitamin D to body weight regulation require confirmation. METHODS: Eleven subjects, aged (mean ± SEM) 54 ± 1.2 y and BMI 31 ± 2.4 kg/m(2), participated in a randomised within‐subject, sequential meal protocol comparing a low calcium trial (LCT) to an isoenergetic high calcium trial (HCT). Diet induced thermogenesis (DIT), fat oxidation rates (FOR), serum leptin, subjective feelings of hunger/satiety were measured at fasting and hourly over 8 h. Spontaneous food intake at a buffet and over the following 30 h was recorded. Postprandial responses, calculated as change (Δ) from baseline for each meal, were analysed by paired t‐tests and 2 × 2 repeated measures ANOVA. RESULTS: HCT resulted in lesser suppression of ΔFOR (p = 0.02) and a significantly greater DIT (p = 0.01). Further, the buffet to dinner interval was prolonged (p = 0. 083) and reported 24 h energy intake following this trial was significantly reduced (p = 0.017). ∆leptin following HCT but not LCT was negatively related to 24 h fat intake (r = ‐0.81, p = 0.016). CONCLUSIONS: Higher calcium and vitamin D intake at a breakfast meal acutely increased postprandial FOR and DIT over two successive meals, and reduced spontaneous energy intake in the subsequent 24 h period. Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry (ANZCTR) number: ACTRN12609000418279.
The acute effects of different sources of dietary calcium on postprandial energy metabolism$$$ Dairy Ca intake has been shown to be superior to elemental Ca in increasing the loss of body fat during energy restriction. We questioned whether the mechanisms involved an increase in postprandial energy expenditure, fat oxidation and/or a greater lipolysis. The acute effects of different sources of Ca were examined in eight subjects, aged 47‐66 years and BMI 27.6‐36.1 kg/m2, in a three‐way cross‐over study. Subjects were randomly provided breakfast meals either low in dairy Ca and vitamin D (LD$$$ control), high in non‐dairy Ca (calcium citrate) but low in vitamin D (HC) or high in dairy Ca and vitamin D (HD). Diet‐induced thermogenesis, fat oxidation rates (FOR), carbohydrate oxidation rates (COR), insulin, glucose, NEFA and glycerol were measured hourly over a 6 h postprandial period. Postprandial data were calculated as a change (Delta) from the fasting value. Results showed that DeltaNEFA was significantly different between meals (LD ‐1.50 (sem 0.26), HC ‐1.22 (sem 0.32), HD ‐0.94 (sem 0.27) mmol/l x 6 h$$$ P = 0.035), with a lesser suppression following both high‐Ca meals. DeltaFOR was significantly higher following the two high‐Ca meals (LD ‐6.5 (sem 2.2), HC 2.93 (sem 2.34), HD 3.3 (sem 2.5) g x 6 h$$$ P = 0.005), while reciprocally DeltaCOR was significantly lower. DeltaGlycerol was less suppressed following the high‐Ca meals but statistical significance was not achieved. No differences in diet‐induced thermogenesis, insulin or glucose were observed. Regardless of source, Ca intake acutely stimulated postprandial fat oxidation$$$ and there was a lesser suppression of NEFA following these meals.
Diet induced thermogenesis, fat oxidation and food intake following sequential meals: influence of calcium and vitamin D$$$ BACKGROUND & AIMS: The mechanisms linking dietary calcium and vitamin D to body weight regulation require confirmation. METHODS: Eleven subjects, aged (mean ± SEM) 54 ± 1.2 y and BMI 31 ± 2.4 kg/m(2), participated in a randomised within‐subject, sequential meal protocol comparing a low calcium trial (LCT) to an isoenergetic high calcium trial (HCT). Diet induced thermogenesis (DIT), fat oxidation rates (FOR), serum leptin, subjective feelings of hunger/satiety were measured at fasting and hourly over 8 h. Spontaneous food intake at a buffet and over the following 30 h was recorded. Postprandial responses, calculated as change (Δ) from baseline for each meal, were analysed by paired t‐tests and 2 × 2 repeated measures ANOVA. RESULTS: HCT resulted in lesser suppression of ΔFOR (p = 0.02) and a significantly greater DIT (p = 0.01). Further, the buffet to dinner interval was prolonged (p = 0. 083) and reported 24 h energy intake following this trial was significantly reduced (p = 0.017). ∆leptin following HCT but not LCT was negatively related to 24 h fat intake (r = ‐0.81, p = 0.016). CONCLUSIONS: Higher calcium and vitamin D intake at a breakfast meal acutely increased postprandial FOR and DIT over two successive meals, and reduced spontaneous energy intake in the subsequent 24 h period. Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry (ANZCTR) number: ACTRN12609000418279.
Moderately increased protein intake predominately from egg sources does not influence whole body, regional, or muscle composition responses to resistance training in older people$$$ SETTING: West Lafayette, IN. The effects of increased dietary protein on resistance training (RT)‐induced changes in body composition and skeletal muscle fiber size are uncertain in older people. OBJECTIVES: We hypothesized that the ingestion of more animal‐based foods, especially eggs, to achieve a higher protein intake would enhance RT‐induced changes in body composition. PARTICIPANTS: 36 older people (age 61 +/‐ 1 y$$$ mean +/‐ SEM). INTERVENTION: Subjects completed RT three d/wk for 12 weeks, and consumed omnivorous diets that contained either 0.9 +/‐ 0.1 (lower protein) or 1.2 +/‐ 0.0 (higher protein) g protein x kg(‐1) x d(‐1) (12 +/‐ 3 and 17 +/‐ 5% of energy intakes, respectively), with the higher protein intake achieved by consuming more eggs, meats, and dairy foods. The lower and higher protein diets contained 213 +/‐ 21 and 610 +/‐ 105 mg cholesterol/d, respectively. MEASUREMENTS: Strength, body composition, serum lipid‐lipoprotein profile, urinary creatinine, skeletal muscle fiber type and size. RESULTS: Among all subjects, over time (i.e. with RT) body weight was unchanged, lean mass (1.1 +/‐ 0.2 kg) increased, and fat mass (‐1.4 +/‐ 0.2 kg) decreased (all changes P < 0.05). Regional (i.e. trunk, legs, arms) lean mass increased and fat mass decreased. Whole body muscle mass (24‐h urinary creatinine excretion) increased, but skeletal muscle (vastus lateralis) type 1, type 2a, and type 2x fiber cross‐sectional areas did not change from baseline. Serum total and LDL cholesterol decreased (P < 0.05) and HDL cholesterol and triacylglycerol were unchanged. Dietary protein and cholesterol intakes did not influence these responses to RT. CONCLUSION: Consumption of diets that contained moderately higher protein and variable amounts of cholesterol did not differentially affect body composition, skeletal muscle fiber size, or serum lipid‐lipoprotein profile responses to resistance training in older people.
Effects of 3 diets with various calcium contents on 24-h energy expenditure, fat oxidation, and adipose tissue message RNA expression of lipid metabolism-related proteins$$$ BACKGROUND: Evidence from molecular and animal research and epidemiologic investigations indicates that calcium intake may be inversely related to body weight, possibly through alterations in 1,25‐dihydroxyvitamin D(3) [1,25(OH)(2)D(3)] metabolism. OBJECTIVE: We tested whether energy and substrate metabolism and adipose tissue enzyme messenger RNA (mRNA) expression can be altered by dietary calcium intake in healthy, nonobese, human volunteers consuming an isocaloric diet. DESIGN: Twelve healthy men [age: 28 +/‐ 2 y$$$ body mass index (BMI$$$ in kg/m(2)): 25.2 +/‐ 06] received 3 isocaloric diets [high calcium (1259 +/‐ 9 mg/d), high dairy (high/high)$$$ high calcium (1259 +/‐ 9 mg/d), low dairy (high/low)$$$ and low calcium (349 +/‐ 8 mg/d), low dairy (low/low)] in a randomized crossover design. At the end of the 7‐d dietary periods, 24‐h energy expenditure and substrate metabolism were measured, and fat biopsy specimens were obtained to determine mRNA expression in genes involved in the lipolytic and lipogenic pathways. RESULTS: The 24‐h energy expenditure was 11.8 +/‐ 0.3, 11.6 +/‐ 0.3, and 11.7 +/‐ 0.3 MJ/24 h in the high/high, high/low, and low/low conditions, respectively. Fat oxidation in these conditions was 108 +/‐ 7, 105 +/‐ 9, and 100 +/‐ 6 g/24 h. These differences were not statistically significant. mRNA concentrations of UCP2, FAS, GPDH2, HSL, and PPARG did not differ significantly. Serum 1,25(OH)(2)D(3) concentrations changed from 175 +/‐ 16 to 138 +/‐ 15, 181 +/‐ 23 to 159 +/‐ 19, and 164 +/‐ 13 to 198 +/‐ 19 pmol/L in the high/high, high/low, and low/low conditions, respectively, and was significantly different between the high/high and low/low conditions (P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: Altering the dietary calcium content for 7 d does not influence substrate metabolism, energy metabolism, or gene expression in proteins related to fat metabolism, despite significant changes in 1,25(OH)(2)D(3) concentrations.
Effects of dietary sodium and the DASH diet on the occurrence of headaches: results from randomised multicentre DASH-Sodium clinical trial$$$ OBJECTIVES: Headaches are a common medical problem, yet few studies, particularly trials, have evaluated therapies that might prevent or control headaches. We, thus, investigated the effects on the occurrence of headaches of three levels of dietary sodium intake and two diet patterns (the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet (rich in fruits, vegetables and low‐fat dairy products with reduced saturated and total fat) and a control diet (typical of Western consumption patterns)). DESIGN: Randomised multicentre clinical trial. SETTING: Post hoc analyses of the DASH‐Sodium trial in the USA. PARTICIPANTS: In a multicentre feeding study with three 30 day periods, 390 participants were randomised to the DASH or control diet. On their assigned diet, participants ate food with high sodium during one period, intermediate sodium during another period and low sodium during another period, in random order. OUTCOME MEASURES: Occurrence and severity of headache were ascertained from self‐administered questionnaires, completed at the end of each feeding period. RESULTS: The occurrence of headaches was similar in DASH versus control, at high (OR (95% CI)=0.65 (0.37 to 1.12)$$$ p=0.12), intermediate (0.57 (0.29 to 1.12)$$$ p=0.10) and low (0.64 (0.36 to 1.13)$$$ p=0.12) sodium levels. By contrast, there was a lower risk of headache on the low, compared with high, sodium level, both on the control (0.69 (0.49 to 0.99)$$$ p=0.05) and DASH (0.69 (0.49 to 0.98)$$$ p=0.04) diets. CONCLUSIONS: A reduced sodium intake was associated with a significantly lower risk of headache, while dietary patterns had no effect on the risk of headaches in adults. Reduced dietary sodium intake offers a novel approach to prevent headaches. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NCT00000608.
The PREMIER intervention helps participants follow the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension dietary pattern and the current Dietary Reference Intakes recommendations$$$ OBJECTIVE: To examine the influence of the PREMIER study lifestyle interventions on dietary intakes and adherence to the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) dietary pattern and the Dietary Reference Intakes (DRI). DESIGN: An 18‐month multicenter, randomized controlled trial comparing two multicomponent lifestyle intervention programs to an advice only control group. SUBJECTS/SETTING: A total of 810 participants were recruited from local communities and randomized into the study. Individuals were eligible if they were aged 25 years or older, had body mass index between 18.5 and 45.0, not taking antihypertensive medication, and had prehypertension or stage 1 hypertension (systolic blood pressure 120 to 159 mm Hg and diastolic blood pressure 80 to 95 mm Hg). INTERVENTION: The two active intervention programs were a behavioral lifestyle intervention that implements established recommendations, and an established intervention plus the DASH dietary pattern. Both interventions consisted of intensive group and individual counseling sessions. The control group received a brief advice session after randomization and again after 6 months of data collection. Dietary intakes were collected by two random 24‐hour recalls at baseline, 6 months, and 18 months. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The primary outcome of the PREMIER study was change in systolic blood pressure at 6 months. The main outcomes examined here include dietary variables collected by 24‐hour recall at each time point. STATISTICAL ANALYSES: Nutrient intakes were calculated and compared among the time points and the three intervention groups using mixed models with repeated measures at 6 and 18 months. Proportion of participants who met or achieved the original DASH nutrient intake levels and the DRIs were calculated and compared among the three intervention groups. P<0.01 was considered statistically significant. RESULTS: Participants in both the established intervention and established intervention plus DASH dietary pattern groups substantially reduced energy, total fat, saturated fat, and sodium intake and these reductions persisted throughout the study. Established intervention plus DASH dietary pattern group participants increased intakes of fruits, vegetables, dairy, and many vitamins and minerals$$$ these increases were significantly greater than that of the control and established intervention groups. A majority of established intervention plus DASH dietary pattern group participants achieved at least two thirds of the DRI recommendations for most nutrients at 6 months, despite their reduction in total energy intake. Some but relatively small recidivism occurred at 18 months. CONCLUSIONS: Both the established intervention and established intervention plus DASH dietary pattern group intervention were effective in helping participants follow established recommendations to control blood pressure. The advice‐only control group also made some behavior changes, mainly decreasing energy and sodium intake. Only the established intervention plus DASH dietary pattern group significantly increased intakes of DASH‐specific food groups, including fruits, vegetables, and dairy products, and nutrients, including protein, fiber, calcium, potassium, and magnesium. Most of the increases did not reach the levels consumed in the original DASH feeding studies. Whereas the established intervention plus DASH dietary pattern group intervention provides a useful platform to achieve the DASH dietary pattern and current DRI recommendations, intervention enhancements, including a greater emphasis on nutrient‐dense foods, would likely improve this intervention.
Acceptability of sodium-reduced research diets, including the Dietary Approaches To Stop Hypertension diet, among adults with prehypertension and stage 1 hypertension$$$ OBJECTIVE: Examine the acceptability of sodium‐reduced research diets. DESIGN: Randomized crossover trial of three sodium levels for 30 days each among participants randomly assigned to one of two dietary patterns. PARTICIPANTS/SETTING: Three hundred fifty‐four adults with prehypertension or stage 1 hypertension who were participants in the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH‐Sodium) outpatient feeding trial. INTERVENTION: Participants received their assigned diet (control or DASH, rich in fruits, vegetables, and low‐fat dairy products), each at three levels of sodium (higher, intermediate, and lower) corresponding to 3,500, 2,300, and 1,200 mg/day (150, 100, and 50 mmol/day) per 2,100 kcal. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Nine‐item questionnaire on liking and willingness to continue the assigned diet and its level of saltiness using a nine‐point scale, ranging from one to nine. STATISTICAL ANALYSES PERFORMED: Generalized estimating equations to test participant ratings as a function of sodium level and diet while adjusting for site, feeding cohort, carryover effects, and ratings during run‐in. RESULTS: Overall, participants rated the saltiness of the intermediate level sodium as most acceptable (DASH group: 5.5 for intermediate vs 4.5 and 4.4 for higher and lower sodium$$$ control group: 5.7 for intermediate vs 4.9 and 4.7 for higher and lower sodium) and rated liking and willing to continue the DASH diet more than the control diet by about one point (ratings range from 5.6 to 6.6 for DASH diet and 5.2 to 6.1 for control diet). Small race differences were observed in sodium and diet acceptability. CONCLUSIONS: Both the intermediate and lower sodium levels of each diet are at least as acceptable as the higher sodium level in persons with or at risk for hypertension.
Participants in an online weight loss program can improve diet quality during weight loss: a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Better diet quality has been associated with less weight gain over time. However, few studies have examined the role of diet quality during weight loss. This study aimed to compare changes in diet quality in overweight/obese adults during a weight loss intervention, and determine whether an association between diet quality score and weight loss exists. METHODS: Overweight or obese (BMI 25‐40 kg/m2) adults, aged 18‐60 years, were recruited from the Hunter Region of NSW, Australia and randomized to one of three groups: a standard online weight loss program (n = 94)$$$ an enhanced version of this online program that provided additional personalized feedback and reminders (n = 98)$$$ or a wait‐list control group (n = 97). Diet quality was calculated using the Australian Recommended Food Score (ARFS) with dietary data from the Australian Eating Survey (AES) Food Frequency Questionnaire at baseline and 12‐weeks. RESULTS: The basic and enhanced groups lost significantly more weight than the control group after 12 weeks (basic ‐2.2 ± 3.4 kg, enhanced ‐3.0 ± 4.0 kg, control 0.4 ± 2.4 kg, P < 0.001) with no difference between the basic and enhanced groups. The mean change in ARFS in the enhanced group (2.2 ± 5.7) was significantly higher (P = 0.03) than the control group. There were no significant differences in change in ARFS between the enhanced and basic, or basic and control groups. The ARFS and the fruit, meat, wholegrain, dairy and water sub‐scale scores at 12 weeks were significantly associated with greater weight loss (P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Diet quality improved significantly in the enhanced group compared to controls following 12‐weeks intervention. Furthermore, higher diet quality was associated with greater weight loss. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ACTRN12610000197033.
Correction: effect of high milk and sugar-sweetened and noncaloric soft drink intake on insulin sensitivity after 6 months in overweight and obese adults: a randomized controlled trial$$$ Since publication the authors noticed an error in Tables 2, 3, and 4 of the original article, where the pre‐intervention values were presented by mean and SD instead of mean and SE as described in the table text. The correct tables are reproduced below where SD's are replaced by SE's.
Correction: effect of high milk and sugar-sweetened and noncaloric soft drink intake on insulin sensitivity after 6 months in overweight and obese adults: a randomized controlled trial$$$ Since publication the authors noticed an error in Tables 2, 3, and 4 of the original article, where the pre‐intervention values were presented by mean and SD instead of mean and SE as described in the table text. The correct tables are reproduced below where SD's are replaced by SE's.
Alginate enriched bread attenuates circulating lipids and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease$$$ Background and Aims: Background: Non‐alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) affects up to one in three people of developed nations and is considered by some to be the hepatic manifestation of the metabolic syndrome. People with NAFLD have a high level of fat intake which may cause (1) high energy intake, (2) insulin resistance, and (3) hepatic de novo lipogenesis. Therapeutic interventions for NAFLD are limited. Alginates are polysaccharides extracted from brown algae that are un‐digestible in the upper gastrointestinal tract (GI). Specific alginates are able to inhibit the activity of pancreatic lipase and thus reduce fat digestion and absorption. The effect of alginates based in food upon fat absorption is not known, despite the therapeutic implications. Aims: To determine if alginate enriched bread inhibits fat digestion and circulatory lipids. Methods: Twenty‐nine ileostomy patients were fasted overnight and then fed either 100g alginate enriched bread (4% w/w wet dough) with 20g of butter, or 100g of control bread with 20g of butter a month apart in a double blind randomised cross over study. Both alginate and control bread were produced by Greggs Plc master baker. Effluent samples, blood samples, and wellbeing questionnaires were taken at baseline and then every 30 minutes for a total of 5 hours. Ileostomy patients were used to create a model to study fat absorption in the upper GI in isolation. Results: The alginate bread produced a 20% increase in effluent weight at 300 minutes (2489g vs. 2010g, P < 0.05), a 31% increase in total effluent fat (376g vs. 264g, P < 0.05) and a significant correlation between fat content effluent weight (r = 0.98, P < 0.05). A small reduction in plasma triglycerides was reported when consuming alginate bread, however this was not significant (P > 0.05). There were no substantial differences in palatability between the two breads, apart from time point zero where subjects reported an increase in thirst (1.5±1.5 vs. 0.5±0.5, P < 0.05) and reduced fullness (2.2±1.8 vs. 1.6±1.6, P < 0.05) following consumption of alginate bread. Conclusions: This is the first study to show that alginate enriched products reduce fat digestion in man. The data shows that alginate enriched products are able to attenuate fat digestion by up to 31%. Alginate enriched products hold potential as a therapeutic weight and metabolic management therapy, without side effects of other known pharmaceutical agents, and should be considered in NAFLD.
Effect of the essential oils of garlic and onion on alimentary hyperlipemia$$$ The effect of garlic and onion on alimentary hyperlipemia, induced by feeding 100 g butter, has been studied in 10 healthy subjects. The freshly extracted juice of 50 g of garlic or onion, as well as an equivalent amount of their ether‐extracted essential oils, was administered randomly on four different days during a one‐week period. Garlic and onion have a significant protective action against fat‐induced increases in serum cholesterol and plasma fibrinogen and decreases in coagulation time and fibrinolytic activity. The essential oil fraction, which contains all the taste and odour, exactly duplicated the beneficial effects of whole garlic and onion. It is, therefore, concluded that the active principle of garlic and onion is the essential oil, which chemically is a combination of sulphur‐containing compounds, mainly allyl propyl disulphide and diallyl disulphide.
Analysis of the SYSDIET Healthy Nordic Diet randomized trial based on metabolic profiling reveal beneficial effects on glucose metabolism and blood lipids$$$ Background & aims: Intake assessment in multicenter trials is challenging, yet important for accurate outcome evaluation. The present study aimed to characterize a multicenter randomized controlled trial with a healthy Nordic diet (HND) compared to a Control diet (CD) by plasma and urine metabolic profiles and to associate them with cardiometabolic markers. Methods: During 18–24 weeks of intervention, 200 participants with metabolic syndrome were advised at six centres to eat either HND (e.g. whole‐grain products, berries, rapeseed oil, fish and low‐fat dairy) or CD while being weight stable. Of these 166/159 completers delivered blood/urine samples. Metabolic profiles of fasting plasma and 24 h pooled urine were analysed to identify characteristic diet‐related patterns. Principal components analysis (PCA) scores (i.e. PC1 and PC2 scores) were used to test their combined effect on blood glucose response (primary endpoint), serum lipoproteins, triglycerides, and inflammatory markers. Results: The profiles distinguished HND and CD with AUC of 0.96 ± 0.03 and 0.93 ± 0.02 for plasma and urine, respectively, with limited heterogeneity between centers, reflecting markers of key foods. Markers of fish, whole grain and polyunsaturated lipids characterized HND, while CD was reflected by lipids containing palmitoleic acid. The PC1 scores of plasma metabolites characterizing the intervention is associated with HDL (β = 0.05$$$ 95% CI: 0.02, 0.08$$$ P = 0.001) and triglycerides (β = −0.06$$$ 95% CI: −0.09, −0.03$$$ P < 0.001). PC2 scores were related with glucose metabolism (2 h Glucose, β = 0.1$$$ 95% CI: 0.05, 0.15$$$ P < 0.001), LDL (β = 0.06$$$ 95% CI: 0.01, 0.1$$$ P = 0.02) and triglycerides (β = 0.11$$$ 95% CI: 0.06, 0.15$$$ P < 0.001). For urine, the scores were related with LDL cholesterol. Conclusions: Plasma and urine metabolite profiles from SYSDIET reflected good compliance with dietary recommendations across the region. The scores of metabolites characterizing the diets associated with outcomes related with cardio‐metabolic risk. Our analysis therefore offers a novel way to approach a per protocol analysis with a balanced compliance assessment in larger multicentre dietary trials. The study was registered at clinicaltrials.gov with NCT00992641.
Improvement of Inflammation and Pain after Three Months' Exclusion Diet in Rheumatoid Arthritis Patients$$$ Introduction: Rheumatoid arthritis (RA) is a chronic systemic autoimmune disease affecting the synovial joints and causing severe disability. Environmental and lifestyle factors, including diet, have been proposed to play a role in the onset and severity of RA. Dietary manipulation may help to manage the symptoms of RA by lowering inflammation and potentially decreasing pain. Methods: In 40 patients with long‐standing RA with stable symptoms and treated with conventional (c‐) and biological (b‐) disease modifying anti‐rheumatic drugs (DMARDs), the effect of a 3‐month diet avoiding meat, gluten, and lactose (and all dairy products$$$ privative diet) was evaluated in comparison with a control balanced diet including those foods. Both diets were designed to reduce weight since all patients were overweight or obese. Patients were randomly assigned to one of the diets, and RA was clinically assessed at Time 0 (T0), through the Visual Analogue Scale (VAS), for pain, and the Disease Activity Score of 28 joints (DAS 28) for RA activity. Patients were also administered the Short Form Health survey (SF‐36) and the Health Assessment Questionnaire (HAQ). At T0, a blood sample was collected for laboratory tests and adipokines measurements, and anthropometric measurements were compared. These evaluations were repeated at the end of the 3 months? dietary regimens. Results: A significant decrease in VAS and the improvement of the overall state of physical and mental health, assessed through SF‐36, was observed in patients assigned to the privative diet. Both dietary regimens resulted in the improvement of quality of life compared to baseline values$$$ however, the change was significant only for the privative diet. With either diet, patients showed significant decreases in body weight and body mass index, with a reduction in waist and hips circumference and lower basal glucose and circulating leptin levels. A privative diet was also able to significantly reduce systolic (p = 0.003) and diastolic (p = 0.025) arterial pressure. The number of circulating leukocytes and neutrophils, and the level of hs‐C‐Reactive Protein also decreased after 3 months of the meat‐, lactose‐, and gluten‐free diet. Conclusions: Our results suggest that a privative diet can result in a better control of inflammation in RA patients under stable optimized drug treatment.
The association between a priori and a posterior dietary patterns with perceived stress in women of childbearing age$$$ More than half of women in developed countries are overweight or obese. Studies show that 20‐25% of women in the UK enter pregnancy as obese. Healthy diet patterns such as the Mediterranean diet (MD) are linked with lower adiposity among women of childbearing age. However there is evidence that maternal diet in the UK is poor and stress increases the consumption of saturated‐fat, sweets, and energy‐dense foods. There is limited evidence on dietary patterns and stress among women of childbearing age, therefore this study aimed to investigate the association. This was an anonymous online survey of female university students. The survey included: socio‐demographic characteristics, physical activity, self‐reported BMI and waist circumference. Dietary assessment was done via a validated 100‐food item food frequency questionnaire and perceived stress via the Perceived Stress Scale (PSS). The dietary data were compared to the a priori defined Mediterranean Diet Score (MDS) and scored according to eight components (vegetables, legumes, fruit and nuts, cereals, fish, dairy products, meat and meat products, and the ratio of unsaturated to saturated fat). The scores ranged from 0 to 8 with MDS adherence groups being 0‐3 low, 4‐5 medium, and 6‐8 high. Factor analysis was also applied on 11 food components (g/d) (the eight above plus eggs, potatoes, sweets and drinks) to reveal the latent major dietary patterns (DP) in the studied cohort.Negative binomial regression was used to examine the association between stress and the diet patterns, controlling for the socioeconomic factors, physical activity, marital status, BMI, and waist. One hundred twenty‐three students (mean age 27.7 (SD 7.3)) participated. Participants had medium (n = 49) or low MD adherence (n = 48), with fewer participants having high adherence (n = 26). Stress was not significantly associated with MD adherence, but was positively associated with sweets intake (p = 0.03). The scree plot of Factor analysis showed that the number of factors generated by the analysis is three. Using minimum loading cut‐off of 0.4, factor analysis revealed three latent diet patterns$$$ the first (DP‐1) contained: cereals, sweets and potatoes (comfort foods), DP‐2 consisted: eggs, fish and meat (high protein) and DP‐3 consisted of: vegetables, fruits, nuts, and legumes (vegan). Results showed a significant positive association between stress and DP‐1 (p < 0.01). No association was found between other diet patterns and any other psychosocial and physical variables. Future well designed randomised controlled trials are needed to investigate further the relationship between perceived stress and dietary patterns in women of childbearing age.
Proceedings of the Nutrition and Nurture in Infancy and Childhood Conference$$$ The proceedings contain 94 papers. The topics discussed include: impact of vitamin D supplementation during lactation on infants' vitamin D status$$$ mothers' experiences of interrupting exclusive breastfeeding$$$ a qualitative study$$$ infant sleep and breastfeeding in a culturally derived sleep device (wahakura) compared with a standard bassinet ‐ a randomised controlled trial$$$ listening to pregnant women's views on nutritional information in pregnancy$$$ ifeed: development of a tailored digital intervention to support parent‐infant bonding and enable confident and safe infant feeding$$$ factors associated with haemoglobin concentration among infants aged 8‐12 months in a rural district in Ghana$$$ banking on milk: trust, translation, and technology$$$ introduction of breast milk substitutes prior to discharge after delivery of newborns in health facilities in African and Asian cities$$$ supporting overweight and obese women to breastfeed: experiences and perspectives of midwives$$$ supporting breastfeeding initiation at home: for a co‐construction of the lactating body$$$ examining the socio‐cultural process that inform Latina mother's infant and early childhood feeding behaviours$$$ mam‐kind study: a novel peer support intervention using motivational interviewing for breastfeeding maintenance: a U.K. feasibility study$$$ maternal behaviours and mother‐infant interactions during complementary feeding$$$ grandmothers' knowledge, maternal knowledge, and infant and young child feeding practices in Nepal$$$ and emergent hypertension during pregnancy and breastfeeding at hospital discharge.
Dietary Quality Assessed by the HEI-2010 and Biomarkers of Cardiometabolic Disease: an Exploratory Analysis$$$ Objectives: This study explores relationships between cardiometabolic measures of antioxidant capacity or inflammation and diet quality assessed by the Healthy Eating Index (HEI)‐2010 which measures conformity to Dietary Guidelines for Americans. This cross‐sectional study was an ancillary analysis of baseline data for a randomized controlled trial with older adults at risk for cardiometabolic disease (ClinicalTrials.gov #NCT00955903). Methods: Community‐dwelling older adults (n = 133, 49% male, 70.4 ± 4.8 years) with a body mass index of 30‐40 kg/m2 provided a fasted blood sample for measurement of antioxidant capacity, high‐sensitivity C‐reactive protein, tumor necrosis factor‐alpha, and interleukin‐6. Dietary data were generated from the mean of three 24‐hour recalls. Results: After adjustment for potential confounders, HEI‐2010 composite scores were not significantly associated with decreased inflammation or greater antioxidant capacity. In analysis of the 12 components composing the HEI‐2010, significant positive association was observed between total dairy and total serum antioxidant capacity (0.043$$$ 95% CI, 0.008‐0.069). Significant associations observed in inflammatory markers were between total vegetable and tumor necrosis factor‐alpha (‐0.078$$$ 95% CI, ‐0.151 to ‐0.005), sodium and interleukin‐6 (0.091$$$ 95% CI, 0.023‐0.158), and scores for combined calories from solid fats, alcoholic beverages, and added sugars and interleukin‐6 (0.139$$$ 95% CI, 0.027‐0.252). In models adjusting for HEI‐2010 composite score when significant associations were observed between component scores and biomarkers, two of six associations were strengthened by adding the composite score as a potential confounder. Conclusions: Largely null findings along with those inconsistent with scientific expectations suggest caution in extrapolating adherence to the HEI‐2010 with an individual's inflammatory or antioxidant status. Results merit additional investigation with other biomarkers of chronic disease and emphasis on dietary patterns given potential synergy within food combinations.
Effect of Low-Energy-Dense Diet Rich in Multiple Functional Foods on Weight-Loss Maintenance, Inflammation, and Cardiovascular Risk Factors: a Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Background: There are no investigations regarding the effects of consuming low‐energy‐dense diets rich in multiple functional foods on weight‐loss maintenance, inflammatory markers, and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors simultaneously. Method: This randomized controlled trial design was conducted on 90 men and women who were under a previous weight loss diet. Three months of intervention with recruitment at Allzahra Hospital, Isfahan, Iran, was done. Intervention was conducted following achieving 7–11 kg weight loss. Participants were encouraged to consumed these three: an isocaloric control diet (50% of energy from carbohydrate, 35% from fat, 15% from protein), a low‐glycemic‐index diet (LE) (60% from carbohydrate, 25% from fat, and 15% from protein), and a low‐glycemic‐index diet rich in multiple functional foods (LE + FF) (60% from carbohydrate, 25% from fat, and 15% from protein). Fasting blood glucose, serum insulin level, lipid profiles, inflammatory markers, adiponectin, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, and anthropometric measurements were assessed using standard guidelines. Results: The percent changes of weight, waist, and body mass index (BMI), systolic and diastolic blood pressure, malondialdehyde (MDA), high‐sensitivity C‐reactive protein (hs‐CRP), tumor necrosis factor (TNF) α, total cholesterol, low‐density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, triglyceride, and fasting blood glucose (FBS) were substantially more decreased in the LE + FF group compared to the LE and control groups (p ≤ 0.03). Percent change of adiponectin among the LE + FF group was significantly more enhanced (7.29 ± 0.10) compared with the LE group (1.28 ± 0.20) (p = 0.001). Significantly more increment in the percent change of total antioxidant capacity (TAC) (6.91 ± 0.10) was obtained among the LE + FF group compared to the LE group (1.79 ± 0.04). Conclusions: This study provides established evidence supporting the beneficial effects of a low‐energy‐dense diet rich in multiple functional foods diet on improving weight‐loss maintenance, inflammation, and cardiovascular risk factors.
Associations between Dietary Patterns and Blood Pressure in a Clinical Sample of Overweight Adults$$$ BACKGROUND: Dietary pattern analysis provides important evidence revealing diet‐disease relationships. It may be especially useful in areas less well researched, such as diet and hypertension in clinical populations. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to identify the association between dietary patterns and blood pressure (BP) in a sample of overweight adults volunteering for a clinical trial for weight loss. DESIGN: This cross‐sectional analysis used baseline data from the HealthTrack study, a 12‐month randomized controlled trial. Dietary intake was evaluated with 4‐day food records. PARTICIPANTS/SETTING: Participants were 328 adults recruited from the Illawarra region of New South Wales, Australia, between May 2014 and April 2015. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Resting BP and 24‐hour urine sodium and potassium were measured. STATISTICAL ANALYSIS: Dietary patterns were derived by principal component analysis from 21 food groups. Multiple regression analysis was performed to assess the association between the extracted dietary patterns and BP. RESULTS: The participants' mean age was 43.6±8.0 years, mean body mass index was 32.4±4.2, and mean systolic BP/diastolic BP was 124.9±14.5/73.3±9.9 mm Hg. Six major dietary patterns were identified: "nuts, seeds, fruit, and fish," "milk and meat," "breads, cereals, and snacks," "cereal‐based products, fats, and oils," "alcohol, eggs, and legumes," and "savoury sauces, condiments, and meat." The "nuts, seeds, fruit, and fish" dietary pattern was significantly and inversely associated with systolic BP (F [7,320]=15.248$$$ P<0.0005$$$ adjusted R2=0.234 and diastolic BP (F [7,320]=17.351$$$ P<0.0005$$$ adjusted R2=0.259) and sodium‐to‐potassium ratio (F [7,320]=6.210$$$ P<0.0005$$$ adjusted R2=0.100). CONCLUSIONS: A dietary pattern rich in nuts, seeds, fruit, and fish was inversely associated with blood pressure in this clinical sample. The findings suggest that current dietary guidelines are relevant to an overweight clinical population and support the value of dietary pattern analysis when exploring the diet‐disease relationship.
The economic impact of low protein formula for the children of overweight and obese mothers$$$ Background and aims Global prevalence of obesity has doubled the last 30 years, with WHO estimating that 10% of men and 14% of women worldwide are obese. The corresponding health risk is associated with a significant health system cost, loss of health related quality of life, and economic costs such as reduced productivity. Obesity in adulthood is the result of several factors, including weight gain during infanthood. The objective of this paper is to demonstrate the impact on infant weight gain and economic value of low protein nutritional formula compared with standard protein nutritional formula. Methods A double blind, randomised, controlled trial of 252 healthy infants born of overweight or obese mothers estimated the impact of formula onweight gain up to 36 months. A discrete event simulation estimated the corresponding impact on adult BMI, the incidence of obesity‐related diseasesand consequent lifetime changes in health care resources use, health related quality of life (HRQoL), and productivity. Results Low protein infant formula reduced weight gain at 36 months by 0.31 kg (from 16.04 kg with standard formula to 15.74 kg with low protein formula). The simulation estimates the corresponding changes in the following outcomes over infants' lifetimes: a BMI$$$ incidence of diabetes, stroke, CHD$$$ health care costs, HRQoL and productivity. Conclusions The use of low protein formula for infants of overweight orobese mothers not only reduces infant weight gain, but also generates lifetime improvements in quality of life, health cost savings and improvements in productivity.
Beverage intake during alternate-day fasting: relationship to energy intake and body weight$$$ BACKGROUND: Alternate‐day fasting (ADF) involves a 'famine day' (25% energy intake) and a 'feast day' (ad libitum intake). This secondary analysis examined changes in beverage intake in relation to energy intake and body weight during 12 months of ADF versus daily calorie restriction (CR). METHODS: Obese subjects ( n = 100 enrolled, n = 69 completers) were randomized to one of three groups for 12 months: (a) ADF$$$ (b) CR$$$ or (c) control. RESULTS: At baseline, intakes of diet soda, caffeinated beverages, sugar‐sweetened soda, alcohol, juice, and milk were similar between groups. There were no statistically significant changes in the intake of these beverages by month 6 or 12 between ADF (feast or famine day), CR, or control groups. Beverage intake was not related to energy intake or body weight at month 6 or 12 in any group. CONCLUSION: These pilot findings suggest that intermittent fasting does not impact beverage intake in a way that affects energy intake or body weight.
Effect of eight weeks of a milk-based intensive weight management programme on anthropometric and metabolic characteristics of severely obese adults$$$ Introduction: Therapeutic options for bariatric patients are limited by restricted access to bariatric surgery and a paucity of safe, effective pharmacotherapy. A relatively inexpensive, straightforward low‐energy dietary (LED) regime based on meal replacement with semi‐skimmed milk has shown therapeutic promise, but data on its effect size and feasibility are limited. We sought to quantify anthropometric and metabolic changes in this cohort after eight weeks of a milk‐based LED. Methods: This consisted of 2.5 litres/day of semi‐skimmed milk, equivalent to approximately 1200 kcal/day, with supplemental micronutrients. Weight, height, body mass index and lipid profiles before and after eight weeks in the programme were compared in per‐protocol analyses using a paired t‐test. Results: Of 30 bariatric patients enrolled, 18 completed the first eight weeks of the programme. Mean age was 52 (range 34‐66) years. 56% were female. Results in the table are presented as means ± SD. Conclusion: Bariatric patients who tolerated a milk‐based LED had significant weight loss and metabolic improvements, but attrition from the programme was high. The sustainability of these changes in the medium term remains to be determined, but more formal assessment of this intervention in a randomised controlled trial seems justified. (Table presented).
Nutritional status affects renal 3-methylhistidine handling in humans$$$ The plasma concentration of 3‐methylhistidine (3MH) has been used in the assessment of nutritional status. Because urinary excretion is the sole route of elimination, and hence a potential determinant of the plasma concentration, 3MH renal handling was examined under different nutritional conditions. Ten obese women consumed a meat‐free maintenance energy diet for 4 days before undergoing a 21‐day total fast, after which they were assigned into two groups (n = 5) that received 7 days of hypocaloric feeding with 80 g of either milk protein or carbohydrate. 3MH excretion and plasma levels decreased in parallel during fasting and protein refeeding, suggesting that the plasma concentration accurately reflected a decrease of myofibrillar protein turnover, but carbohydrate refeeding was associated with a 31% increase in plasma 3MH (P less than .05) despite a concurrent 28% decrease in its excretion (P less than .05). This was due to a 41% decrease in 3MH renal clearance (P less than .05). Creatinine and urea clearances changed insignificantly in all diet periods. Plasma histidine (HIS) concentrations decreased with fasting and carbohydrate refeeding (P less than .05). 3MH clearance was found to be related to the plasma HIS/3MH concentration ratio (r = .60, P less than .001). Under some circumstances, an altered plasma HIS concentration appears to influence renal 3MH clearance and hence its plasma concentration.
Effects of Bifidobacterium animalis lactis HN019 (DR10TM), inulin, and micronutrient fortified milk on faecal DR10TM, immune markers, and maternal micronutrients among Indonesian pregnant women$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Maternal nutrition affects fetal growth and development. This study evaluates the effects of milk powder fortified with micronutrients, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), a prebiotic, and probiotic Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis HN019 DR10TM on the micronutrient status, as well as the presence of faecal probiotic and immune markers in pregnant women. METHODS AND STUDY DESIGN: This randomised, double‐ blind, placebo‐controlled trial was conducted at Budi Kemuliaan and Cipto Mangunkusumo Hospital in Jakarta from 2013 to 2014. A total of 104 participants were randomly allocated to receive either completely enriched milk powder (intervention group) or iron‐ and vitamin folic‐acid‐enriched milk powder (control group). Data were collected using standardised measures and were statistically analysed using the independent t or Mann‐Whitney test. RESULTS: At the baseline, the micronutrient status of the participants was acceptable, except for 25‐OH‐vitamin D, in both the intervention and control groups. Vitamin B‐1, zinc, total free fatty acid, linoleic acid, arachidonic acid, and DHA were significantly higher in the intervention group in the second trimester (p=0.014, 0.028, 0.023, 0.014, 0.001, and 0.032, respectively). Interleukin‐6 and tumor necrosis factor‐α levels did not significantly vary during pregnancy. B. animalis subsp. lactis DR10TM was present in the faeces of the intervention group but not the control group (61.1% vs 0%). CONCLUSION: Milk fortified with a prebiotic, probiotic, DHA and micronutrients increases the faecal concentration of the organism used for fortification in Indonesian pregnant women. This may represent an improvement in intra‐partum maternal gut health.
Enhancement of immunity in the elderly by dietary supplementation with the probiotic Bifidobacterium lactis HN019$$$ BACKGROUND: The aging process can lead to a decline in cellular immunity. Therefore, the elderly could benefit from safe and effective interventions that restore cellular immune functions. OBJECTIVE: We determined whether dietary supplementation with the known immunostimulating probiotic Bifidobacterium lactis HN019 could enhance aspects of cellular immunity in elderly subjects. DESIGN: Thirty healthy elderly volunteers (age range: 63‐84 y$$$ median: 69 y) participated in a 3‐stage dietary supplementation trial lasting 9 wk. During stage 1 (run‐in), subjects consumed low‐fat milk (200 mL twice daily for 3 wk) as a base‐diet control. During stage 2 (intervention), they consumed milk supplemented with B. lactis HN019 in a typical dose (5 x 10(10) organisms/d) or a low dose (5 x 10(9) organisms/d) for 3 wk. During stage 3 (washout), they consumed low‐fat milk for 3 wk. Changes in the relative proportions of leukocyte subsets and ex vivo leukocyte phagocytic and tumor‐cell‐killing activity were determined longitudinally by assaying peripheral blood samples. RESULTS: Increases in the proportions of total, helper (CD4(+)), and activated (CD25(+)) T lymphocytes and natural killer cells were measured in the subjects' blood after consumption of B. lactis HN019. The ex vivo phagocytic capacity of mononuclear and polymorphonuclear phagocytes and the tumoricidal activity of natural killer cells were also elevated after B. lactis HN019 consumption. The greatest changes in immunity were found in subjects who had poor pretreatment immune responses. In general, the 2 doses of B. lactis HN019 had similar effectiveness. CONCLUSION: B. lactis HN019 could be an effective probiotic dietary supplement for enhancing some aspects of cellular immunity in the elderly.
Impact of enteral nutrition using a new immuno-modulating diet after liver transplantation$$$ BACKGROUND/AIMS: A prospective, non‐randomized, pilot study to was conducted to examine the effect of early enteral nutrition with a new immuno‐modulating diet (IMD) enriched with whey‐hydrolyzed peptide (WHP) on postoperative bacteremia in patients undergoing living donor liver transplantation (LDLT). METHODOLOGY: Thirty adult patients who underwent LDLT at our institute between September 2009 and March 2010 were non‐randomly assigned in a 1:2 ratio to receive a new IMD enriched with WHP (WHP group, n=10) or conventional elemental diet (ED group, n=20) as the nutrient for early enteral nutrition. RESULTS: The characteristics of patients did not differ between the two groups. The incidence of post transplant bacteremia was significantly higher in the ED group (50%) compared with that in the WHP group (10%) (p = 0.026). The length of postoperative hospital stay in the WHP group was significantly shorter than that in the ED group (p = 0.018). The incidences of acute cellular rejection were similar in the two groups. CONCLUSIONS: Early enteral nutrition with the new IMD enriched with WHP may be useful to prevent post transplant bacteremia and shorten postoperative hospital stay, although randomized controlled trials are needed to confirm this finding.
Naloxone, an opiate blocker, reduces the consumption of sweet high-fat foods in obese and lean female binge eaters$$$ To test the hypothesis that endogenous opiate peptides selectively influence hedonic response to sweet and high‐fat foods, the opiate antagonist naloxone, opiate agonist butorphanol, and a saline placebo were administered by intravenous infusion to 16 obese and 25 normal‐weight women. Twenty of the women (10 obese, 10 lean) fulfilled DSM‐III‐R diagnostic criteria for bulimia nervosa, as determined by psychiatric interview. During drug infusion the women tasted and rated 20 sweetened dairy products and were presented with eight snack foods of varying sugar and fat content. Naloxone suppressed hedonic responses in all subject groups and suppressed the consumption of sweet and high‐fat foods in binge eaters, but not in nonbingers. Food intakes of obese women were not affected by naloxone. Butorphanol had no effect on either hedonic response or on food consumption in any group. Although opiate blockade is not a viable strategy for weight reduction in the treatment of obesity, it may be useful in the clinical management of the binge‐eating disorder.
Weight loss by two different diets increases the postprandial response of GLP-1 but only the Paleolithic diet increases the postprandial response of GIP$$$ Background and aims: Weight loss by diet intervention has shown conflicting results on postprandial levels of glucagon‐like peptide 1 (GLP‐1) and glucose‐dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP). We therefore investigated a Paleolithic diet (PD) and a prudent control diet according to the Nordic nutrition recommendations (CD) and aimed to compare the effect of the two diets on postprandial levels of GLP‐1 and GIP. Materials and methods: Seventy healthy, obese, postmenopausal women were randomized to either the PD or the CD. In the PD group participants were advised to eat vegetables, fruit, lean meat, fish, nuts and eggs. Cereals, dairy products, added sugar and salt were excluded. With the CD participants were advised to increase their intake of whole grain, fruit, vegetables and fish. Dairy products and meat were supposed to be low fat. Both diets were without calorie restriction. Plasma levels of GLP‐1 and GIP were measured after ingestion of 75 g glucose at baseline and after 6 and 24 months of diet intervention. The incremental area under the curve (iAUC) of GLP‐1 and GIP was calculated during 120 min after glucose intake. Results: The PD group showed a more pronounced weight reduction after 6 months (9.2 ± 4.2 kg (mean±SD)) and 24 months (8.1 ± 5.6 kg) compared to the CDgroup (4.7 ± 4.2 kg at 6 months and 4.9 ± 4.8 kg at 24 months$$$ P<0.001 and P<0.05 for the difference between groups at 6 months and 24 months). For the PD group the iAUC of GLP‐1 increased by 34 % after 6 months and by 45 % after 24 months compared to baseline. For the CD group the iAUC of GLP‐1 increased by 11 % after 6 months and by 59 % after 24 months. For the PD group the iAUC of GIP increased by 23%after 6 months compared to baseline but decreased by 3 % in the CD group (P<0.05 for the difference between groups). Conclusion: Postprandial levels of GLP‐1 increased through dietinduced weight loss by the Paleolithic diet and the control diet. The postprandial GIP response increased through weight loss by the Paleolithic diet but not by the control diet.
No difference in acute effects of supplemental v. dietary calcium on blood pressure and microvascular function in obese women challenged with a high-fat meal: a cross-over randomised study$$$ Recent studies suggest that supplemental Ca (SC) increases the risk of cardiovascular events, whereas dietary Ca (DC) decreases the risk of cardiovascular events. Although frequently consumed with meals, it remains unclear whether Ca can mitigate or aggravate the deleterious effects of a high‐fat meal on cardiovascular risk factors. This study aimed to evaluate the effects of SC or DC on blood pressure (BP) and microvascular function (MVF) in the postprandial period in obese women challenged with a high‐fat meal. In this cross‐over controlled trial, sixteen obese women aged 20‐50 years were randomly assigned to receive three test meals (2908 kJ (695 kcal)$$$ 48 % fat): high DC (HDCM$$$ 547 mg DC), high SC (HSCM$$$ 500 mg SC‐calcium carbonate) and low Ca (LCM$$$ 42 mg DC). BP was continuously evaluated from 15 min before to 120 min after meals by digital photoplethysmography. Before and 120 min after meals, participants underwent evaluation of serum Ca and microvascular flow after postocclusive reactive hyperaemia (PORH) by laser speckle contrast imaging. Ionised serum Ca rose significantly only after HSCM. Systolic BP increased after the three meals, whereas diastolic BP increased after LCM and HDCM. Hyperaemia peak, hyperaemia amplitude and AUC evaluated after PORH decreased with LCM. After HDCM, there was a reduction in hyperaemia peak and hyperaemia amplitude, whereas HSCM decreased only hyperaemia peak. However, comparative analyses of the effects of three test meals on serum Ca, BP and MVF revealed no significant meal×time interaction. This study suggests that in obese women SC and DC do not interfere with the effects of a high‐fat meal on BP and MVF.
Metabolic profiles reflect weight loss maintenance and the composition of diet after very-low-energy diet$$$ Introduction: Diet and weight loss affect circulating metabolome. However, metabolite profiles induced by different weight loss maintenance diets and underlying longer term weight loss maintenance remain unknown. Herein, we investigated after‐weight‐loss metabolic signatures of two isocaloric 24‐wk weight maintenance diets differing in satiety value due to dietary fibre, protein, and fat contents and identified metabolite features that associated with successful weight loss maintenance. Methods: Non‐targeted LC‐MS metabolomics approach was used to analyse plasma metabolites of 79 women and men (mean age ± SD 49.7 ± 9.0 years$$$ BMI 34.2 ± 2.5 kg/m2) participating in a weight management study. Participants underwent a 7‐week very‐low‐energy diet (VLED) and were thereafter randomised into two groups for a 24‐week weight maintenance phase. Higher satiety food (HSF) group consumed high‐fibre, high‐protein, and low‐fat products, while lower satiety food (LSF) group consumed isocaloric low‐fibre products with average protein and fat content as a part of their weight maintenance diets. Plasma metabolites were analysed before the VLED and before and after the weight maintenance phase. Metabolite features discriminating HSF and LSF were annotated. We also analysed metabolite features that discriminated participants who maintained ≥ 10% weight loss (HWM) and participants who maintained < 10% weight loss (LWM) at the end of the study, irrespective of the diet. Finally, we assessed robust linear regression between metabolite features and anthropometric and food group variables. Results: We annotated 126 metabolites that discriminated the HSF and LSF groups and HWM and LWM groups (p < 0.05). Compared to LSF, HSF had lower levels of several amino acids, e.g., glutamine, arginine, and glycine, short‐, medium‐ and long‐chain acylcarnitines (CARs), odd‐ and even‐chain lysoglycerophospholipids (LPCs, LPEs), and higher levels of fatty amides. Compared to LWM, HWM in general showed higher levels of glycerophospholipids with a saturated long‐chain and a C20:4 fatty acid tail, and unsaturated free fatty acids (FFAs). Changes in several saturated odd‐ and even‐chain LPCs and LPEs and fatty amides were associated with the intake of many food groups, particularly grain and dairy products. Increase in several (lyso)glycerophospholipids was associated with decrease in body weight and adiposity. Increased short‐ and medium‐ chain CARs were related to decreased body fat‐free mass. Conclusions: Our results showed that isocaloric weight maintenance diets differing in dietary fibre, protein, and fat content affected amino acid and lipid metabolism. Increased abundances of several phospholipid species and FFAs were related to greater weight loss maintenance. Our findings indicate common and distinct metabolites for weight‐ and diet‐related variables in the context of weight reduction and weight management.
Metabolic profiles reflect weight loss maintenance and the composition of diet after very-low-energy diet$$$ Background & aims: Diet and weight loss affect circulating metabolome. However, metabolite profiles induced by different weight loss maintenance diets and underlying longer term weight loss maintenance remain unknown. Herein, we investigated after‐weight‐loss metabolic signatures of two isocaloric 24‐wk weight maintenance diets differing in satiety value due to dietary fibre, protein and fat contents and identified metabolite features that associated with successful weight loss maintenance. Methods: Non‐targeted LC‐MS metabolomics approach was used to analyse plasma metabolites of 79 women and men (mean age ± SD 49.7 ± 9.0 years$$$ BMI 34.2 ± 2.5 kg/m2) participating in a weight management study. Participants underwent a 7‐week very‐low‐energy diet (VLED) and were thereafter randomised into two groups for a 24‐week weight maintenance phase. Higher satiety food (HSF) group consumed high‐fibre, high‐protein, and low‐fat products, while lower satiety food (LSF) group consumed isocaloric low‐fibre products with average protein and fat content as a part of their weight maintenance diets. Plasma metabolites were analysed before the VLED and before and after the weight maintenance phase. Metabolite features discriminating HSF and LSF groups were annotated. We also analysed metabolite features that discriminated participants who maintained ≥10% weight loss (HWM) and participants who maintained <10% weight loss (LWM) at the end of the study, irrespective of the diet. Finally, we assessed robust linear regression between metabolite features and anthropometric and food group variables. Results: We annotated 126 metabolites that discriminated the HSF and LSF groups and HWM and LWM groups (p < 0.05). Compared to LSF, the HSF group had lower levels of several amino acids, e.g. glutamine, arginine, and glycine, short‐, medium‐ and long���chain acylcarnitines (CARs), odd‐ and even‐chain lysoglycerophospholipids, and higher levels of fatty amides. Compared to LWM, the HWM group in general showed higher levels of glycerophospholipids with a saturated long‐chain and a C20:4 fatty acid tail, and unsaturated free fatty acids (FFAs). Changes in several saturated odd‐ and even‐chain LPCs and LPEs and fatty amides were associated with the intake of many food groups, particularly grain and dairy products. Increase in several (lyso)glycerophospholipids was associated with decrease in body weight and adiposity. Increased short‐ and medium‐chain CARs were related to decreased body fat‐free mass. Conclusions: Our results show that isocaloric weight maintenance diets differing in dietary fibre, protein, and fat content affected amino acid and lipid metabolism. Increased abundances of several phospholipid species and FFAs were related with greater weight loss maintenance. Our findings indicate common and distinct metabolites for weight and dietary related variables in the context of weight reduction and weight management. The study was registered in isrctn.org with identifier 67529475.
Eggs at breakfast increase satiety and reduce the subsequent intake of energy at lunch and an evening meal relative to cereal or croissant-based breakfasts$$$ There is much interest in identifying foods that have the ability to enhance satiety as a strategy for preventing obesity. The aim of this study was to determine the relative impact of egg, and non‐egg‐based breakfasts on satiety, hunger and subsequent intake of energy. Thirty healthy, non‐smoking, unrestrained males (mean age of 21.7±1.2 y and BMI of 23.1±2.7 kg/m2), were randomised to one of three iso‐caloric test breakfasts on three separate occasions, separated by at least one week. The breakfasts consisted of either two poached eggs on white toast, cereal (cornflakes) with milk and white toast, or a croissant and orange juice. Subjective ratings of satiety (hunger, fullness and desire to eat), were assessed by the responses to three questions (Q1‐Q3), as measured by electronic visual analogue scales (VAS) at 30 minute intervals for 3.5 hours between breakfast and lunch. Energy intake was measured by weighed food intake at an ad libitum buffet lunch and evening meal. (Figure presented) Participants showed increased satiety, less hunger, and a lower desire to eat after the egg breakfast relative to the cereal (P<0.02) and croissant‐based breakfasts (P<0.0001). The egg‐based breakfast was also accompanied by a significantly lower intake of energy at the buffet lunch and evening meal relative to the cereal and croissant‐based breakfasts, respectively (1284±464 versus 1442±426 kcal P = 0.03 (lunch) and 1899±729 versus 2214±620 kcal, P = 0.02 (evening meal)). The consumption of eggs at breakfast clearly enhanced satiety and reduced energy intake at subsequent meals relative to other commonly consumed breakfast foods. These data provide evidence to support the inclusion of eggs in dietary strategies to lose weight.
High-fructose corn syrup and sucrose are nutritionally equivalent and may help improve dietary quality during weight loss$$$ Background: Reducing energy intake is a primary strategy for inducing weight loss, but this also often results in a reduction in non‐caloric nutrient intake. Strategies to maintain or improve dietary quality in the face of initiation of a hypocaloric diet are therefore desirable. Methods: 156 participants were randomly assigned to one of 5 study groups. 4 diet groups followed an ADA exchange diet with a 500Kcal/day deficit while consuming milk sweetened with either HFCS or sucrose daily. The volume of milk was prescribed so the added sugar contributed either 10% (H10 and S10) or 20% (H20 or 20%) of the caloric target for each individual. All participants also followed a regular exercise regime. A 5th non‐dietary group was included as an exercise only control group (EO). Food intake was assessed via 3‐day food records completed at the beginning and end of the 12 week period. Results: All 4 diet groups lost weight (p<0.05). Milk consumption averaged 96.6% across all 4 diet groups. Across all 5 groups energy intake decreased by 294Kcals/day (p<0.001),irrespective of group assignment. All 4 diet groups increased intake of Vitamin D (H10:9.4 ± 2.5, H20: 9.1 ± 5.0, S10: 8.9 ± 2.9, S20: 9.1 ± 3.6μg, p<0.001), calcium (H10: 623.7 ±494.8, H20: 540.0 ± 272.3, S10: 749.7 ± 450.8, S20: 564.5 ± 429.0mg, p<0.001) and potassium (H10: 759.2 ±890.4, H20: 547.6 ±554.9, S10: 955.9 ± 812.7, S20: 678.2 ± 728.9mg, p<0.001). Conclusions: These data show that HFCS and sucrose are nutritionally equivalent and that significant amounts of both can be consumed daily as part of a successful weight loss diet. Furthermore, consumption of these sweeteners in the form of low fat, sweetened milk is both palatable and helps improve important aspects of dietary quality even in the face of a caloric deficit.
Online retail nudges to help parents with lower-income choose healthy beverages for their children: a randomized clinical trial$$$ Background: Nudges offer a promising tool to reduce sugary drink intake among children who are most at risk for diet‐related disease. Objective: To examine the impact of online store nudges on purchases of sugary drinks for children in lower‐income households. Methods: Caregivers with lower‐income were recruited to an online shopping experiment and instructed to spend $10–$30 on three beverages for their child aged 1–5 years. Participants were randomized to navigate an online supermarket in its standard version (n = 1106) or a version with nudges (n = 1135), including a product placement nudge (i.e. placing healthy beverages in prominent positions) and a swap nudge (i.e. offering a swap of water, plain milk and/or 100% fruit juice upon selection of sugary drinks). Results: On average, participants purchased 1887 (SD = 2113) and 620 (SD = 1528) calories from sugary drinks per basket in the control and experimental conditions, respectively. Model‐based results indicate that those in the experimental condition purchased 1267 (95% CI: 1419, 1114) fewer calories from sugary drinks, and fewer grams of total sugar (β = −253.5 g (95% CI: −286.3, −220.6)) and added sugar (β = −287.8 g (95% CI: −323.1, −252.5)) purchased from sugary drinks. Conclusion: Nudges may be an effective, acceptable, scalable strategy for leading caregivers in lower‐income households to purchase fewer sugary drinks for their children.
Mendelian randomization as a tool for causal inference in human nutrition and metabolism$$$ PURPOSE OF REVIEW: The current review describes the fundamentals of the Mendelian randomization framework and its current application for causal inference in human nutrition and metabolism. RECENT FINDINGS: In the Mendelian randomization framework, genetic variants that are strongly associated with the potential risk factor are used as instrumental variables to determine whether the risk factor is a cause of the disease. Mendelian randomization studies are less susceptible to confounding and reverse causality compared with traditional observational studies. The Mendelian randomization study design has been increasingly used in recent years to appraise the causal associations of various nutritional factors, such as milk and alcohol intake, circulating levels of micronutrients and metabolites, and obesity with risk of different health outcomes. Mendelian randomization studies have confirmed some but challenged other nutrition‐disease associations recognized by traditional observational studies. Yet, the causal role of many nutritional factors and intermediate metabolic changes for health and disease remains unresolved. SUMMARY: Mendelian randomization can be used as a tool to improve causal inference in observational studies assessing the role of nutritional factors and metabolites in health and disease. There is a need for more large‐scale genome‐wide association studies to identify more genetic variants for nutritional factors that can be utilized for Mendelian randomization analyses.
Larger bowl size increases the amount of cereal children request, consume, and waste$$$ Objective To examine whether larger bowls bias children toward requesting more food from the adults who serve them. Study design Study 1 was a between‐subject design involving 69 preschool‐age children who were randomized to receive either a small (8 oz) or large (16 oz) cereal bowl and were asked to tell researchers how much cereal they wanted for a morning snack. Study 2 was a within‐subject design involving 18 school‐age children at a summer camp who were given a small (8 oz) cereal bowl on one day and a large (16 oz) cereal bowl on another day and asked by a cafeteria server how much cereal and milk they wanted for breakfast. Hidden scales measured how much cereal and milk were served, consumed, and wasted. Body mass index was calculated at the end of the study. Results In study 1, the young children requested almost twice as much cereal to eat when presented with the larger bowl compared with the smaller bowl. In study 2, the older children consumed 52% more and wasted 26% more when served in the larger bowl. Conclusion A step toward potentially reducing overeating and waste would be for parents and adult caregivers to use smaller bowls for serving food to children.
Relationship of a special acidified milk protein drink with cognitive performance: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, crossover study in healthy young adults$$$ A previous in vivo study with rats suggested that a special milk protein drink manufactured using an acidification procedure to suppress the aggregation of milk proteins was absorbed quickly after feeding. We performed a randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, repeated‐measure crossover study to investigate the short‐term effects on cognitive performance in 29 healthy young adult men after they consumed this drink in the morning. After an overnight fast, subjects were tested for performance in the Uchida–Kraepelin serial arithmetic test and the Stroop test as well as for subjective feeling, body temperature, and heart rate variability before and after consumption of either the acidified milk protein drink or an isoenergetic placebo drink. Subjects showed a significant improvement in performance in the Uchida–Kraepelin test, the primary outcome measured, when they consumed the acidified milk protein drink compared with the placebo control condition. In addition, consumption of the acidified milk protein drink, compared with the placebo control, was associated with increases in vagally‐mediated heart rate variability indices which, from recent theoretical perspectives, may reflect a higher ability to modulate cognitive and behavioral processes. There was no significant difference in subjective feelings and body temperature between the test drink conditions. These data suggest that consumption of the acidified milk protein drink may improve cognitive performance, with possible involvement of physiological systems that regulate cognition and behavior.
Effect of early protein intake on later cardiac function: the EU chop project$$$ Introduction: Nutritional factors early in life, such as protein intake, may programme functions and structures in adulthood. Both over nutrition and malnutrition can modulate cardiac mass and function, but little is know about the effect of protein intakes within the normal range. Objectives: Our aim is to determine the effects of protein intake during the first 12 months of life on cardiac mass and function at 24 months. Method/Design: The study is part of the EU Childhood Obesity Project (EU‐CHOP) (QLK1‐2001‐00389). Two‐hundred one Spanish infants, who were randomized at birth to a higher (HP) or lower (LP) protein content formula feeding during the first year of life, were followed until 24 months. Echocardiography (cardiac mass, ejection fraction (EF) and shortening fraction (SF)) was available at 24 months in 97 children (HP=50, LP=47). Protein intake was assessed until 24 months by 3‐day food diaries. Anthropometry was assessed at recruitment and at 2y. Results: HP group showed higher EF and SF than LP group (EF (%): 69.09±5.12 vs. 37.70±4.12, p<0.05 and SF (%): 66.69±4.89 vs. 35.79±3.76, p<0.05). No significant differences were observed in cardiac mass (g) between formula groups (29.54±5.57 vs. 29.13±4.25 in HP and LP respectively). Type of formula modulated EF and SF at 2y, even when current anthropometry was included in the regression model. Daily protein intakes over the first 6 months showed significant correlations with both EF and SF at 2y and the strength of these correlations was progressively decreasing (EF: r= 0.406, p<0.001$$$ r= 0.342, p< 0.01$$$ r= 0.272, p<0.01$$$ r= 0.221, p<0.05 and SF: r= 0.407, p<0.001$$$ r= 0.344, p< 0.01$$$ r= 0.278, p<0.01$$$ r= 0.231, p<0.05 for months 1, 2, 3 and 6 respectively). Conclusions: Protein intake during the first 6 months of life is directly associated with cardiac function at 2y, suggesting an early programming mechanism.
A healthy dietary pattern at midlife, combined with a regulated energy intake, is related to increased odds for healthy aging$$$ Background: Few studies have investigated the long‐term impact of overall dietary patterns (DPs) on healthy aging (HA), and current findings are inconsistent. Objective: Our study's objective was to investigate the association between empirically derived DPs in midlife and HA after 13 y of follow‐up. Methods: Baseline dietary data from repeated 24‐h dietary records (on average, 10 records per participant) of a subsample of the SU.VI.MAX (SUpplémentation en Vitamines et Minéraux AntioXydants) study allowed extraction of 2 DPs with the use of principal components analysis on 37 food groups. HA was assessed in 2007‐2009 among 2796 participants of the SU.VI.MAX study aged 45‐60 y at baseline (1994‐1995), who were initially free of diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and cancer. HA was defined as not developing any major chronic disease, good physical and cognitive functioning, no limitations in instrumental activities of daily living, no depressive symptoms, no health‐related limitations in social life, good overall self‐perceived health, and no function‐limiting pain. The association between DPs (in tertiles) and HA was evaluated by using multivariable logistic regression, and a potential interaction with energy intake was investigated. Results: A "Western" and a "healthy" DP were identified. After adjustment for a large number of potential confounders, there was no significant association between the Western DP and HA. Moreover, the healthy pattern was not associated with HA among subjects with high (i.e., greater than or equal to the median) energy intake. Among subjects with low (i.e., less than the median) energy intake, on the other hand, higher scores on the healthy DP were related to higher odds of HA (OR for tertile 3 vs. tertile 1: 1.49$$$ 95% CI: 1.11, 2.00$$$ P‐trend = 0.01). Conclusion: Adherence to a healthy diet in midlife that provides micronutrients, fiber, and antioxidants while regulating energy intake may help to promote HA.
Effect of 8 weeks of a milk-based intensive weight management programme on anthropometric and metabolic characteristics of severely obese adults$$$ Therapeutic options for bariatric patients are limited. A low‐energy dietary (LED) regime based on meal replacement with semi‐skimmed milk has shown therapeutic promise, but data on its effect size and feasibility are limited. We sought to quantify anthropometric and metabolic changes in this cohort after 8 weeks of a milk‐based LED. Patients received semi‐skimmed milk, equivalent to approximately 1,200 kcal/day. Weight, height, body mass index and lipid profiles before and after 8 weeks in the programme were compared in perprotocol analyses using a paired t test. Of 30 bariatric patients enrolled, 18 completed the first 8 weeks of the programme. Mean age was 52 (range 34‐66) years. 56 % were female. Results in the table are mean ± SD. There was significant weight loss and metabolic improvements, but attrition from the programme was high. The sustainability of these changes is unknown, but assessment of this intervention in a randomised controlled trial seems justified. (Table Presented).
Effects of soyabean meal- or whey-based diets on lipid metabolism in weaned piglets$$$ The present study aimed to test the hypothesis that dietary protein source influences lipid metabolism‐related parameters weaned piglets. The effects of soyabean meal (SB) and whey proteins (WP) on gene expression of several genes involved in the lipogenic process in liver, visceral (VAT) and subcutaneous (SAT) adipose tissues, plasma insulin concentration and fatty acid (FA) profile were investigated in 18 weaned piglets. Weaned piglets were fed one of two diets containing either SB or WP as the main protein source. Following a 10‐h fasting period, plasma insulin concentration and FA profile were assessed at 56 and 72 days of age, whereas gene expression in liver, VAT and SAT was assessed at 72 days of age. Plasma insulin concentration was not affected by diet, although it was 40% lower in SB fed pigs. The SB pigs had lower 14:0 (p < 0.01) and higher 18:3n‐3 (p < 0.001) levels in plasma in comparison with WP pigs. However, these changes were attributed to background differences in the dietary FA profile and not to a direct protein source effect. Gene expression of sterol regulatory element‐binding protein 1 (SREBP‐1) in liver and VAT were lower (p < 0.01 and p < 0.05, respectively) in SB compared to WP fed piglets, but no differences occurred in SAT. No changes were observed in sterol regulatory element‐binding protein 2, liver X receptor, peroxisome proliferator‐activated receptors α and γ and plasminogen activator inhibitor 1 mRNA levels, either in liver or in adipose tissues. In conclusion, dietary protein source, accompanied likely by side alterations in the dietary composition, affects lipid metabolism in pigs through the downregulation of SREBP‐1, which is a crucial determinant of lipogenic process.
Molecular effects of the consumption of margarine and butter varying in trans fat composition: a parallel human intervention study$$$ Background: Whereas the dietary intake of industrial trans fatty acids (iTFA) has been specifically associated with inflammation, cardiovascular disease, and type 2 diabetes, understanding the impact of dietary fats on human health remains challenging owing to their complex composition and individual effects of their lipid components on metabolism. The aim of this study is to profile the composition of blood, measured by the fatty acid (FAs) profile and untargeted metabolome of serum and the transcriptome of blood cells, in order to identify molecular signatures that discriminate dietary fat intakes. Methods: In a parallel study, the molecular effects of consuming dairy fat containing ruminant TFA (rTFA) or margarine containing iTFA were investigated. Healthy volunteers (n = 42$$$ 45–69 y) were randomly assigned to diets containing margarine without TFA as major source of fat (wTFA control group with 0.4 g TFA per 100 g margarine), margarine with iTFA (iTFA group with 4.1 g TFA per 100 g margarine), or butter with rTFA (rTFA group with 6.3 g TFA per 100 g butter) for 4 weeks. The amounts of test products were individually selected so that fat intake contributed to 30–33% of energy requirements and TFA in the rTFA and iTFA groups contributed to up to 2% of energy intake. Changes in fasting blood values of lipid profiles (GC with flame‐ionization detection), metabolome profiles (LC‐MS, GC‐MS), and gene expression (microarray) were measured. Results: Eighteen FAs, as well as 242 additional features measured by LC‐MS (185) and GC‐MS (54) showed significantly different responses to the diets (PFDR‐adjusted < 0.05), mainly distinguishing butter from the margarine diets while gene expression was not differentially affected. The most abundant TFA in the butter, i.e. TFA containing (E)‐octadec‐11‐enoic acid (C18:1 t11$$$ trans vaccenic acid), and margarines, i.e. TFA containing (E)‐octadec‐9‐enoic acid (C18:1 t9$$$ elaidic acid) were reflected in the significantly different serum levels of TFAs measured after the dietary interventions. Conclusions: The untargeted serum metabolome differentiates margarine from butter intake although the identification of the discriminating features remains a bottleneck. The targeted serum FA profile provides detailed information on specific molecules differentiating not only butter from margarine intake but also diets with different content of iTFAs in margarine. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT00933322.
Effect of the Intake of a Traditional Mexican Beverage Fermented with Lactic Acid Bacteria on Academic Stress in Medical Students$$$ Dysbiosis of the gut microbiota has been associated with different illnesses and emotional disorders such as stress. Traditional fermented foods that are rich in probiotics suggest modulation of dysbiosis, which protects against stress‐induced disorders. The academic stress was evaluated in medical students using the SISCO Inventory of Academic Stress before and after ingestion of an aguamiel‐based beverage fermented with Lactobacillus plantarum, Lactobacillus paracasei and Lactobacillus brevis (n = 27) and a control group (n = 18). In addition, microbial phyla in feces were quantified by qPCR. The results showed that the consumption of 100 mL of a beverage fermented with lactic acid bacteria (3 × 108 cfu/mL) for 8 weeks significantly reduced academic stress (p = 0.001), while the control group (placebo intervention) had no significant changes in the perception of academic stress (p = 0.607). Significant change (p = 0.001) was shown in the scores for environmental demands, and physical and psychological factors. Consumption of the fermented beverage significantly increased the phyla Firmicutes and Bacteroidetes but not Gammaproteobacteria. No significant changes were found in the control group, except for a slight increase in the phylum Firmicutes. The intake of this fermented beverage suggest a modulation of gut microbiota and possible reduction in stress‐related symptoms in university students, without changing their lifestyle or diet.
Effects of Rumen-protected Glucose Supplementation on Growth Performance, Body Measurements and Plasma Biochemical Indices of Fattening Chinese Simmental Bulls$$$ Background: The objective of the study was to investigate the effects of rumen‐protected glucose (RPG) supplementation on growth performance, body measurements and plasma biochemical indices of Simmental bulls in Northeast China during the fattening period. Methods: A 90 d feedlot study was conducted using thirty Simmental bulls (body weight= 444.3±26.9 kg). Bulls were randomly allocated into three groups to receive a basal total mixed ration (TMR) supplemented daily with 0 g RPG (control, Con), 100 g RPG (RPG100) or 300 g RPG (RPG300) per bull. Growth performance, body measurements and plasma biochemical indices were evaluated. Result: The greater ADG (P<0.05) and lower feed efficiency value (P<0.01) were found for bulls fed RPG compared to CON diet. Bulls fed RPG had increased body height and chest girth growth compared with CON diet (P<0.05). The plasma glucose (GLC) concentration was higher for bulls fed RPG300 diet than CON and RPG100 diets (P<0.01). Nonestesterified fatty acid (NEFA) concentration was lower for RPG compared with CON treatment (P<0.05). Our analysis suggests that a daily supplement of 300 g RPG is an effective way to increase the body’s total GLC provision and thus improve the growth performance of Simmental bulls during the fattening period.
Association of eating habits with weight loss and diet self monitoring in an online weight loss trial: results from the OCELOT-PC study$$$ BACKGROUND: Traditional, in‐person weight loss interventions have emphasized rigorous self‐monitoring of daily energy intake to help achieve weight loss. Additionally, studies have shown long‐term weight loss and maintenance to be associated with decreased eating in restaurants and snacking, and decreased consumption of fried foods, desserts, sweetened beverages, and high‐fat dairy products. With the growth of online resources and interventions, it is important to determine if similar associations are found in the setting of an online weight loss intervention done in coordination with primary care. METHODS: The Online Counseling to Enable Lifestyle‐focused Obesity Counseling in Primary Care (OCELOT‐PC) study is an online adaptation of the Diabetes Prevention Program. We recruited 373 primary care patients. Two hundred fifty‐seven were randomized to a 12‐month structured, online intervention while the remaining patients had access to online group resources (OGR) alone. The online intervention included lessons, weight, diet, and physical activity self‐monitoring, and feedback from a coach. Diet selfmonitoring was done for both total daily calories and fat grams. Physical measures including weight and diet habits were measured at baseline, 6 months, and 1 year. Diet habits were assessed using a version of the previously validated Connor Diet Habit Survey. This survey provides scores for Meat, Dairy, Fats/Oils, Sweets/Snacks, Grains/ Fruits/Vegetables, Beverages, Restaurants, and Seafood. Self‐monitoring data was available from intervention participants only and was measured objectively by assessing participant entries into the online program. Changes in diet scores of all participants who achieved>= 5 % weight loss at 1 year were compared to those that did not achieve 5 % weight loss using Mann‐Whitney U test. For intervention participants, diet score changes of those who were self‐monitoring diet at 1 year were compared to those who were not self‐monitoring using Mann‐Whitney U test. RESULTS: Two hundred fifty‐four participants had 1 year weight and Connor Diet Habit Survey data available for analysis (mean age 50 years old, 76 % female, 78.1 % white, mean BMI of 37.8 kg/m2), including 166 intervention participants who also had selfmonitoring data available. Connor Diet Habit Survey scores at baseline were corresponded to a diet of 30‐37 % fat. At 1 year, participants that had>= 5 % weight loss (n=78) had statistically significant greater improvements in their diet scores in Meat (2.8 vs. 1.2$$$ p= 0.001), Dairy (3.9 vs. 1.9$$$ p<0.001), Fats/Oils (4.0 vs. 1.5$$$ p<0.001), Sweets/Snacks (1.8 vs. 0.7$$$ p=0.005), Beverages (1.0 vs. 0$$$ p=0.002), and Restaurants (3.0 vs. 1.0$$$ p<0.001), compared to those who lost less than 5 % or gained weight (n=176). Intervention participants that did self‐monitor diet at 1 year (n=35) showed greater improvements in Meat (3.7 vs. 1.7$$$ p=0.005), Dairy (4.3 vs. 2.3$$$ p=0.04), and Fats/Oils scores (4.0 vs. 2.0$$$ p=0.02) at 1 year compared to those that did not self‐monitor (n=131). CONCLUSIONS: Weight loss was associated with improvements in various dietary components, corresponding to a reduction in total calories consumed as well as healthier food choices. Additionally, diet self‐monitoring was associated with improvements in eating habits, particularly in categories such as meat and dairy where foods tend to be higher in fat. While it is not possible to assess the self‐monitoring component of the intervention apart from the other intervention components, our results suggest that online tools to monitor fat and calories may help primary care patients achieve weight loss goals.
Dietary Patterns in Puerto Rican and Mexican-American Breast Cancer Survivors: a Pilot Study$$$ Breast cancer is the leading cause of cancer death among Hispanic women. Certain dietary factors have been associated with the risk of breast cancer recurrence, but data in Hispanic survivors is scarce. OBJECTIVE: to examine dietary patterns and diet quality in two groups of Hispanic breast cancer survivors. METHODS: 23 Mexican‐American (MA) and 22 Puerto Rican (PR) female breast cancer survivors completed a culturally adapted validated food frequency questionnaire. Intake was standardized per 1000 kcal and compared to US Dietary Guidelines and the DASH‐style diet adherence score was calculated. RESULTS: Overweight/obese was 70 % in MA and 91 % in PR. PR consumed diets rich in fruit/100 % fruit juices and beans, while MA diets were high in vegetables, beans, and total grains. Both groups consumed high amounts of starchy vegetables, refined grains, animal protein and calories from solid fats and added sugars but low intakes of whole grains, dairy products and nuts and seeds. DASH scores were relatively low. CONCLUSION: MA and PR female breast cancer survivors have different dietary patterns but both groups had relatively low diet quality. These groups could benefit from culturally tailored interventions to improve diet quality, which could potentially reduce cancer recurrence. ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier NCT01504789.
Assessing compliance with Paleolithic diet by calculating Paleolithic Diet Fraction as the fraction of intake from Paleolithic food groups$$$ Background: Dietary compliance assessments are absent in clinical studies on Paleolithic diet. We therefore developed a ‘Paleolithic Diet Fraction’ (PDF), calculated as the fraction of intake from Paleolithic food groups, to assess compliance with Paleolithic diet in a previously reported study. Methods: 29 male patients with ischemic heart disease, impaired glucose tolerance and waist circumference > 94 cm, were randomized to a Paleolithic or Mediterranean‐like diet for 12 weeks. Mean daily PDFs were calculated for dietary energy and weight for all participants using four‐day weighed food records, and linear regression analysis was performed between PDF and primary outcome measures plus leptin for both diet groups combined. Results: PDFs were just above 80% for the Paleolithic diet group and around 40% for the Mediterranean‐like diet group. We found associations between PDF and outcome measures of similar strength as previously reported for group differences, and an association with weight, for which no group difference was previously found. Conclusions: Calculation of PDF demonstrated a mean compliance of just above 80% in the Paleolithic diet group and association studies indicated a clinical relevance for PDF. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT00419497 retrospectively registered.
Randomised controlled trial of effect of whole soy replacement diet on features of metabolic syndrome in postmenopausal women: study protocol$$$ Introduction: Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a public health problem in postmenopausal women. Whole soy foods are rich in unsaturated fats, high quality plant protein and various bioactive phytochemicals that may have a beneficial role in the management of MetS. The aim of the study is to examine the effect of whole soy replacement diet on the features of MetS among postmenopausal women. Methods and analysis: This will be a 12‐month, randomised, single‐blind, parallel controlled trial among 208 postmenopausal women at risk of MetS or with early MetS. After 4 weeks’ run‐in, subjects will be randomly allocated to one of two intervention groups, whole soy replacement group or control group, each for 12 months. Subjects in the whole soy group will be required to include four servings of whole soy foods (containing 25 g soy protein) into their daily diet iso‐calorically, replacing red or processed meat and high fat dairy products. Subjects in the control group will remain on a usual diet. The outcome measures will include metabolic parameters as well as a 10‐year risk for ischaemic cardiovascular disease. We hypothesise that the whole soy substitution diet will notably improve features of MetS in postmenopausal women at risk of MetS or with early MetS. The study will have both theoretical and practical significance. If proven effective, the application of the whole soy replacement diet model will be a safe, practical and economical strategy for MetS prevention and treatment. Ethics and dissemination: Ethics approval has been obtained from the Ethics Committee of the Chinese University of Hong Kong. The results will be disseminated via conference presentations and papers in academic peer reviewed journals. Data files will be deposited in an accessible repository.
Effects of Dietary Patterns on Serum Urate: results From a Randomized Trial of the Effects of Diet on Hypertension$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine whether the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet or an alternative, simplified diet, emphasizing high‐fiber fruits and vegetables (the FV diet), lowers serum urate levels. METHODS: We conducted a secondary study of the DASH feeding study, a 3‐arm, parallel‐design, randomized trial of 459 adults with systolic blood pressure (BP) of <160 mm Hg and diastolic BP of 80‐95 mm Hg, who were not receiving BP medications. Participants were randomized to receive 8 weeks of monitored feeding and ate 1 of 3 diets: 1) a typical American diet (control), 2) the FV diet, a diet rich in fruits and vegetables but otherwise similar to the control diet, or 3) the DASH diet, which was rich in fruits, vegetables, and low‐fat dairy products, and reduced in fat, saturated fat, and cholesterol. Body weight was kept constant throughout the study. Serum urate levels were measured at baseline and after 8 weeks of feeding. RESULTS: For the 327 participants with available specimens (mean ± SD age 45.4 ± 11.0 years, 47% women, 50% African American), the mean ± SD baseline serum urate level was 5.7 ± 1.5 mg/dl. Compared to the control diet, the FV diet reduced the mean serum urate level by 0.17 mg/dl (95% confidence interval [95% CI] ‐0.34, 0.00$$$ P = 0.051) and the DASH diet reduced the mean serum urate level by 0.25 mg/dl (95% CI ‐0.43, ‐0.08$$$ P = 0.004). These effects increased with increasing baseline serum urate levels (<5, 5‐5.9, 6‐6.9, 7‐7.9, and ≥8 mg/dl) for those receiving the DASH diet (a reduction of 0.08, 0.12, 0.42, 0.44, and 0.73 mg/dl, respectively$$$ P for trend = 0.04), but not for those receiving the FV diet. CONCLUSION: Our findings indicate that the DASH diet reduces serum urate levels, particularly among those with hyperuricemia. These findings support the growing need for a dedicated trial to test the DASH diet among patients with hyperuricemia and gout.
Process evaluation of the “dash for asthma” intervention in a randomized controlled trial pilot study$$$ Rationale Previous studies suggest that healthy dietary patterns may improve asthma outcomes in adults. “DASH for Asthma” was a pilot randomized controlled trial of DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) for improving asthma control in adults with uncontrolled asthma. Study objectives included examining acceptability and feasibility of the intervention from the lifestyle coach and participant perspectives. Methods Patients aged 18‐70 years with uncontrolled asthma were randomly assigned to the DASH intervention (n=46) or usual care (n=44) for 6 months. Grounded in Social Cognitive Theory, the 2‐staged intervention was designed to operationalize the DASH eating pattern recommended in the 2010 US Dietary Guidelines. The 3‐month intensive stage, including 3 individual and 8 group sessions, focused on diet modifications and behavioral self‐regulation (e.g., goal setting, action planning, self‐monitoring, and problem solving). The 3‐month maintenance stage used brief phone calls for follow‐up consultations as needed. Participants and lifestyle coaches completed intervention process evaluation surveys during the intensive stage that included rating scales and open‐ended questions. We analyzed data using descriptive and inductive content analyses. Results Attendance at the scheduled individual and group sessions ranged from 65‐87%, and a majority of the participants (82‐100%) missing a session made it up in person, by phone, or by email. Forty‐four intervention participants used food logs to self‐monitor intakes of fruits and vegetables, dairy products, fat, and sodium grams to different degrees, with median (interquartile range) being 56 (40‐63) days out of 63 expected days of self‐monitoring. Ratings (all means >4 on a 5‐point Likert scale) showed high satisfaction with the individual and group sessions among lifestyle coaches and participants (Table), and their feedback illuminated key factors supporting the positive ratings. First, with acknowledgement of changing dietary habits as a challenge, participants identified mastery of knowledge and skills (awareness, goal‐setting, self‐monitoring, and problem solving), social learning (class members sharing experiences and ideas), and good coaching skills (reflective listening, empathy, and motivational counseling) as important contributors to their self‐efficacy and program satisfaction. Second, participants valued personalized feedback received in individual sessions. Third, lifestyle coaches viewed participant engagement as a facilitator to effective sessions. Last, participants and lifestyle coaches identified food tasting as beneficial for observational learning and facilitation of participant engagement. Conclusions The intensive stage of the “DASH for Asthma” intervention was feasible and highly acceptable among participants and lifestyle coaches. Key contributors to high satisfaction were participants' enhanced behavior capabilities, increased self‐efficacy, good coaching, and participant engagement. (Figure Presented).
Associations of blood pressure change with change in foods′ intake among adults with mild to moderate hypertension$$$ Objective To explore the association between the intake and changes in various types of food and the changes in blood pressure in patients with mild to moderate hypertension. Methods Mild to moderate hypertension participants with complete baseline and outcome data were included from DECIDE‑Diet study, a multicenter, randomized controlled trial. Dietary records and blood pressure measurements at both 7‑day run‑in (baseline) and 28‑day intervention phases were collected for enrolled participants. Blood pressure change was defined as the difference between blood pressure at the end of trial and the baseline blood pressure. Baseline intake of food was the average daily intake during the run‑in period, and the intake increment was defined as the difference between the average intake during the trial period and the average intake during the run‑in period. After adjusting for age, sex, study center, intervention groups, baseline body mass index (kg/m2), antihypertension medication use, and baseline total calorie intake, a linear regression model was used to analyze the associations of the before‑after‑intervention change in blood pressure with baseline intake and intake increment of foods. Results A total of 258 patients with mild to moderate hypertension were included, including 133 males, aged (56.5±9.9) years. (1) After adjusting for confounding factors, there was no significant association between baseline intake of food and baseline blood pressure (all P>0.05). The blood pressure change was negatively associated with baseline intakes of tubers, vegetables, and vegetable oils but positively with baseline intake of meats$$$ and was negatively associated with intake increment of whole grains and fish (all P< 0.05). (2) The multiple linear regression analysis showed that baseline intake of vegetables (β= ‐0.021, P=0.004), vegetable oils (β=‐0.260, P=0.002), and increment in intake of fish (β=‐0.128, P= 0.026) were all significantly associated with changes in systolic blood pressure$$$ baseline intake of vegetables (β=‐0.017, P=0.002), vegetable oils (β=‐0.182, P=0.001), dairy products (β=0.021, P= 0.022), and increment in intake of fish (β=‐0.092, P=0.010) were all significantly associated with changes in diastolic blood pressure. Conclusion Increasing the intake of whole grains, vegetables, vegetable oils, and fish and decreasing the intake of meat may be beneficial for blood pressure control in patients with mild to moderate hypertension.
Effect of soymilk consumption on serum estrogen concentrations in premenopausal Japanese women$$$ BACKGROUND: Estrogens have been implicated in the development of breast cancer. Preliminary evidence suggests that consumption of soy products, which contain isoflavones (phytoestrogens), can reduce serum estrogen levels. Our purpose was to determine the effect of soy consumption on serum estrogen levels in premenopausal women by use of a dietary intervention approach. METHODS: Premenopausal Japanese women were randomly assigned to receive either a soymilk‐supplemented diet (n = 31) or a normal (control) diet (n = 29). The women in the soymilk‐supplemented group were asked to consume about 400 mL of soymilk (containing about 109 mg of isoflavones) daily during a study period that involved three consecutive menstrual cycles. Follicular‐phase blood samples were to be obtained in the menstrual cycles preceding (cycle 1) and following (cycle 3) the 2‐month dietary intervention. All statistical tests were two‐sided. RESULTS: At the end of the study period, estrone and estradiol levels were decreased by 23% and 27%, respectively, in the soymilk‐supplemented group and were increased by 0.6% and 4%, respectively, in the control group. The changes for each hormone between the two groups were not statistically significantly different. In the soymilk‐supplemented group, menstrual cycle length was increased by nearly 2 days, and, in the control group, it was decreased by approximately 1 day, a difference that was not statistically significant. A subgroup analysis restricted to subjects who provided follicular‐phase blood samples on the same day or 1 day apart in menstrual cycles 1 and 3 showed a reduction in serum estrone levels in the soymilk‐supplemented group that was of borderline statistical significance (P = .07 for change in serum estrone level in soymilk‐supplemented group versus control group). CONCLUSION: Much larger studies will be required to confirm the ability of soy products to reduce serum estrogen levels.
Randomized, double-blind, controlled, comparative trial of formula food containing soy protein vs. milk protein in visceral fat obesity. -FLAVO study-$$$ BACKGROUND: The purpose of the present study was to clarify the efficacy of soy at reducing visceral fat. A randomized, double‐blind, controlled, comparative trial was carried out to compare formula food containing soy protein (SP) to the same food in which soy was replaced with milk protein (MP). METHODS AND RESULTS: Forty‐eight participants were enrolled for the treatment of visceral fat obesity (visceral fat area >100 cm² on computed tomography). The SP formula contained 12 g of SP, 9 g of MP, and other nutrients, and was given for 20 weeks in the morning, while in the MP formula SP was replaced with MP. During the 20 weeks of the trial period, visceral fat area and subcutaneous fat area in the MP group were significantly reduced, while those in the SP group did not change as assessed on analysis of covariance. Although waist circumference was reduced in both the SP and MP groups, body weight and body mass index were significantly reduced only in the MP group. Based on a mixed‐effects model, the difference in log‐transformed visceral fat profiles between the 2 groups was statistically significant (P<0.05), while a negative relationship was observed between the changes in visceral fat and adiponectin in the MP group (P<0.001), but not in the SP group. CONCLUSIONS: Formula food containing MP is superior to that containing SP for reducing visceral and subcutaneous fat.
Effect of maternal supplementation with vitamin E on the concentration of α-tocopherol in colostrum$$$ Objective To evaluate the effect of maternal supplementation with vitamin E on the concentration of α‐tocopherol in colostrum and its supply to the newborn. Method This randomized clinical trial enrolled 99 healthy adult pregnant women$$$ of these, 39 were assigned to the control group and 60 to the supplemented group. After an overnight fast, 5 mL of blood and 2 mL of colostrum were collected. After the first sampling (0 h milk), the supplemented group received 400 IU of supplementary vitamin E. Another 2 mL milk aliquot was collected in both groups 24 h after supplementation (24 h milk). The samples were analyzed by high‐performance liquid chromatography. The α‐tocopherol content provided by colostrum was calculated by considering a daily intake of 396 mL of milk and comparing the resulting value to the recommended daily intake for infants aged 0–6 months (4 mg/day). Results The initial mean concentration of α‐tocopherol in colostrum was 1509.3 ± 793.7 μg/dL in the control group and 1452.9 ± 808.6 μg/dL in the supplemented group. After 24 h, the mean α‐tocopherol concentration was 1650.6 ± 968.7 μg/dL in the control group (p > 0.05) and 2346.9 ± 1203.2 μg/dL in the supplemented group (p < 0.001), increasing the vitamin E supply to the newborn to 9.3 mg/day. Initially, 18 women in the supplemented group provided colostrum α‐tocopherol contents below 4 mg/day$$$ after supplementation only six continued to provide less than the recommended amount. Conclusion Maternal vitamin E supplementation increases the supply of the vitamin to the infant by providing more than twice the Recommended Daily Intake.
Effects of milk supplementation with conjugated linoleic acid (isomers cis-9, trans-11 and trans-10, cis-12) on body composition and metabolic syndrome components$$$ The effects of conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) on body weight and body composition in man are controversial. The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of milk supplementation with CLA on body composition and on the biochemical parameters of the metabolic syndrome. This was a randomised, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial. Subjects were randomised to a daily intake of 500 ml milk supplemented with 3 g CLA (using a mixture of the bioactive isomers cis‐9, trans‐11 and trans‐10, cis‐12, marketed as Tonalin, Naturlinea$$$ Central Lechera Asturiana) or placebo for 12 weeks. Sixty healthy men and women (aged 35‐65 years) with signs of the metabolic syndrome participated (BMI 25‐35 kg/m2). Dual‐energy X‐ray absorptiometry was used to measure body composition (week 0 baseline and week 12). Total fat mass in the CLA‐milk subgroup with a BMI < or = 30 kg/m2 decreased significantly while no changes were detected in the placebo group (approximately 2 %, P = 0.01). Trunk fat mass showed a trend towards reduction (approximately 3 %, P = 0.05). CLA supplementation had no significant effect on the parameters of the metabolic syndrome, nor was it associated with changes in haematological parameters or renal function. The supplementation of milk with 3 g CLA over 12 weeks results in a significant reduction of fat mass in overweight but not in obese subjects. CLA supplementation was not associated with any adverse effects or biological changes.
Orally administered whey proteins have comparable effect on C-peptide secretion in healthy subjects as standard C-peptide stimulation tests$$$ Our study compared total C‐peptide secretion after administration of whey proteins and whey proteins in combination with glucose with results of classical tests assessing beta cell function in the pancreas of healthy individuals. Eight young, healthy (7 males, 1 female$$$ aged 20‐26 years), non‐obese (BMI: 17‐25.9 kg/m²) participants with normal glucose tolerance underwent six C‐peptide secretion tests. Three secretion tests measured C‐peptide response to orally administered substances: whey proteins only (OWT), whey proteins with glucose (OWGT) and glucose only (OGTT)$$$ while three secretion tests measured C‐peptide response to intravenously administered substances: arginine (AST), glucagon (GST) and glucose (IVGTT). OWT stimulated a greater (93 %, p<0.05) C‐peptide response than AST and a 64 % smaller response (p<0.05) than OGTT. OWT also showed lower variability (p<0.05) in C‐peptide responses compared to OWGT and OGTT. The greatest total C‐peptide response was induced by OWGT (36 % higher than glucose). OWT consistently increased C‐peptide concentrations with lower individual variability, while insignificantly increasing glucose levels. Results of this study suggest that both dietology and beta‐cells capacity testing could take advantage of the unique property of whey proteins to induce C‐peptide secretion.
Long-term (6 months) effect of a new fermented milk product on the level of plasma lipoproteins--a placebo-controlled and double blind study$$$ OBJECTIVE: We have recently demonstrated a short‐term hypocholesterolemic effect (reduction of 8‐10%) of a new fermented milk product taken for 6 weeks (Agerbaek et al, 1995$$$ Richelsen et al, 1993). The present study was undertaken to investigate the more long‐term (6 months) effect of this fermented product on the level of lipoproteins. DESIGN: The study was randomized, double‐blind, and placebo‐controlled, and performed for a period of six months. SUBJECTS: Eighty‐seven non‐obese and normocholesterolemic females and males, aged 50‐70 y old, were included in the study. INTERVENTION: 200 ml of either the fermented milk product or placebo (chemically fermented) were given daily. The test product was fermented with a bacteria culture containing Enterococcus faecium and two strains of Streptococcus termophilus. RESULTS: After one month the total‐ and LDL‐cholesterol were significantly reduced in the fermented milk group as compared to placebo, LDL was reduced by 0.21 mmol/l vs 0.0 mmol/1 (P < 0.02). The maximal reduction of LDL‐cholesterol was reached after 3 months in the test group with a reduction of 0.32 mmol/1 of initial values (P < 0.001). In the placebo group a gradual fall of total‐ and LDL‐cholesterol was observed from 1‐6 months of the study. Thus, after six months the reduction of LDL‐cholesterol was similar in the two groups (P = 0.95) even though the reduction was significant in both groups in relation to initial values (P < 0.05). No changes in HDL‐cholesterol or triglyceride were observed during the study. There were no differences in the response between women and men. CONCLUSION: The fermented milk product resulted in a rapid reduction of LDL‐cholesterol observed after one month but during long‐term intake (6 months) the reduction of LDL‐cholesterol was similar to the placebo product, indicating that low‐fat milk or fermented milk products may have some hypocholesterolemic effects but the present tested product does not seem to be superior in that respect to the placebo milk product used in the present study.
Consumption of c9,t11-18: 2 or t10,c12-18: 2 enriched dietary supplements does not influence milk macronutrients in healthy, lactating women$$$ Substantial research suggests that the t10,c12‐18:2, but not the c9,t11‐18:2, isomer of conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) reduces milk fat synthesis in lactating bovine and rodent species. Because fat is the major energy‐yielding component in human milk, we were interested in whether this is true for women as well. Thus, the effects of c9,t11‐18:2 and t10,c12‐18:2 on milk fat were examined in breast‐feeding women (n = 12) in a double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, crossover study with latin‐square design. The study was divided into six periods: baseline (3 days), three intervention periods (5 days each), and two washout periods (9 days each). During each intervention period, women consumed 750 mg/day of a supplement containing predominantly c9,t11‐18:2, t10,c12‐18:2, or 18:1 (olive oil placebo). Milk was collected by complete breast expression on the final day of each period. Infant milk consumption was estimated by 24 h weighing on the penultimate day of each intervention and washout period, and maternal adiposity (% body fat) was determined at baseline using dual energy X‐ray absorptiometry. Milk c9,t11‐18:2 and t10,c12‐18:2 concentrations were greater (P < 0.05) during the corresponding CLA treatment periods as compared to the placebo period, providing strong evidence of subject compliance. Both CLA isomers were transferred into milk fat at relatively high efficiency$$$ average transfer efficiency was estimated to be 23.3%. Compared to the placebo treatment, milk fat content was not reduced during either CLA treatment. Data indicate that body fatness did not modify any putative effect of isomeric CLA consumption on milk fat concentration. The evidence from this study suggests that the sensitivity of lactating women's mammary tissue to an anti‐lipogenic effect of the t10,c12‐18:2 isoform of CLA may be less than previously hypothesized.
Brominated diphenyl ether (BDE) levels in liver, adipose, and milk from adult and juvenile rats exposed by gavage to the DE-71 technical mixture$$$ Brominated diphenyl ethers (BDEs) are used as flame retardants in consumer products. Rodent studies indicate that the liver, thyroid, and nervous system of developing animals are targets of BDEs. To explore the relationship between exposure and health in developing animals, BDE accumulation in adult and juvenile rats was examined in conjunction with changes in liver weight and serum thyroxine (T4). Adult (F0) rats received the commercial BDE mixture DE‐71 by gavage at doses of 0.5, 5, and 25 mg kg(‐1) body weight (bw)/day for 21 weeks. F0 rats were mated and exposure continued throughout breeding, pregnancy, lactation, and postweaning until the pups (F1 generation) reached postnatal day (PND) 42. Milk was collected from lactating dams. Adipose and liver samples were collected from F0 and F1 males and females for BDE congener analysis. Congener prevalence in rat tissues mimicked congener prevalence in wildlife and humans. Tissue concentrations of all congeners except BDE‐153 were lower than would be expected based on dose proportionality, confirming that BDE‐153 has a high capacity for bioaccumulation. BDEs were transferred from maternal tissues to milk during lactation. Milk congener profiles differed from maternal tissue profiles indicating that degree of bromination and maternal sequestration influenced BDE transfer to milk. Female F1 rats accumulated more BDEs than F1 males, indicating that female rats were less able to metabolize and/or excrete BDEs. Significant effects on liver weight and serum T4 levels were observed in adults and juveniles in the middle and high dose groups, corresponding to BDE levels in the μg g(‐1) range. Although it remains to be determined how human liver and thyroid are affected by exposure to much lower BDE levels, the present study confirmed that gender and reproductive status influence BDE accumulation in tissues and BDE transfer to the neonate via milk.
A Synergistic Formulation of Plant Extracts Decreases Postprandial Glucose and Insulin Peaks: results from Two Randomized, Controlled, Cross-Over Studies Using Real-World Meals$$$ This study investigated the efficacy of a plant‐derived dietary supplement with respect to decreasing postprandial glucose and insulin peaks after the intake of real‐world meals. Two randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, cross‐over experiments were conducted on healthy subjects who received a supplement containing extracts of white mulberry, white bean, and green coffee or one containing the three extracts with added fibre before consuming high‐GI/GL (glycaemic index/glycaemic load) meals. In study one, 32 subjects received an investigational product/placebo before a standardized meal at two visits. In study two, 150 subjects received an investigational product/placebo before five different standardized meals. Postprandial glucose and insulin concentrations were lower 20⁻35 min after meal intake among subjects taking the investigational product, and fewer episodes of postprandial reactive hypoglycaemia were noted. For example, after consuming breakfast cereal with milk, lower glucose peaks were observed for the investigational product (vs. placebo) after 20 min (100.2 ± 1.97 vs. 112.5 ± 3.12 mg/dL, respectively$$$ p < 0.01)$$$ lower insulin peaks were noted at the same time point (45.9 ± 4.02 IU/mL vs. 68.2 ± 5.53 IU/mL, respectively, p < 0.01). The combined formulation decreases the adverse consequences of high‐GI/GL meal consumption. It can be an effective dietary supplement for the management of metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Weight loss and lipid changes with low-energy diets: comparator study of milk-based versus soy-based liquid meal replacement interventions$$$ OBJECTIVES: Soy protein intake has favorable effects on body weight and fat distribution in experimental animals but these effects have not been demonstrated in humans. To compare effects of soy‐ vs. milk‐based meal replacements (MR) we assessed weight loss and serum lipoproteins changes for obese subjects who consumed low‐energy diets (LED) including either milk‐based or soy‐based MR. METHODS: Overweight or obese women and men (body mass indices 27‐40 kg/m(2)) were randomly assigned to LED providing 1200 kcal/day, with consumption of five soy‐based or two milk‐based liquid MR for a 12‐week weight loss trial. Serum lipoprotein measurements were obtained at baseline, 6 and 12 weeks. RESULTS: For soy and milk MR groups, subject numbers were, respectively, 51 and 39 randomized and 30 and 22 completers. MR use averaged: soy, 3.7/day$$$ and milk, 1.9/day. Weight losses for completers at 12 weeks were: soy MR, 9.0% of initial body weight (95% confidence intervals, 7.3‐10.6%)$$$ and milk MR, 7.9% (5.8‐8.8%) with no significant differences. Reductions from baseline in serum cholesterol and LDL‐cholesterol values, respectively, at six weeks were significantly greater (P < 0.015) with soy MR (15.2% and 17.4%) than with milk MR (7.9% and 7.7%). Soy MR use was associated with significant reductions in serum triglycerides at 6 and 12 weeks while milk MR use was not. CONCLUSIONS: Soy MR use, as part of a low‐energy diet, was associated with slightly but not significantly greater weight loss over a 12‐week period than milk MR use. These observations confirm previous studies documenting the effectiveness of MR use for weight loss.
Lactation and Progression to Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus After Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: a Prospective Cohort Study$$$ Background: Lactation improves glucose metabolism, but its role in preventing type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) after gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) remains uncertain. Objective: To evaluate lactation and the 2‐year incidence of DM after GDM pregnancy. Design: Prospective, observational cohort of women with recent GDM. (ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT01967030) Setting: Integrated health care system. Participants: 1035 women diagnosed with GDM who delivered singletons at 35 weeks' gestation or later and enrolled in the Study of Women, Infant Feeding and Type 2 Diabetes After GDM Pregnancy from 2008 to 2011. Measurements: Three in‐person research examinations from 6 to 9 weeks after delivery (baseline) and annual follow‐up for 2 years that included 2‐hour, 75‐g oral glucose tolerance testing$$$ anthropometry$$$ and interviews. Multivariable Weibull regression models evaluated independent associations of lactation measures with incident DM adjusted for potential confounders. Results: Of 1010 women without diabetes at baseline, 959 (95%) were evaluated up to 2 years later$$$ 113 (11.8%) developed incident DM. There were graded inverse associations for lactation intensity at baseline with incident DM and adjusted hazard ratios of 0.64, 0.54, and 0.46 for mostly formula or mixed/inconsistent, mostly lactation, and exclusive lactation versus exclusive formula feeding, respectively (P trend = 0.016). Timedependent lactation duration showed graded inverse associations with incident DM and adjusted hazard ratios of 0.55, 0.50, and 0.43 for greater than 2 to 5 months, greater than 5 to 10 months, and greater than 10 months, respectively, versus 0 to 2 months (P trend = 0.007). Weight change slightly attenuated hazard ratios. Limitation: Randomized design is not feasible or desirable for clinical studies of lactation. Conclusion: Higher lactation intensity and longer duration were independently associated with lower 2‐year incidences of DM after GDM pregnancy. Lactation may prevent DM after GDM delivery. Primary Funding Source: National Institute of Child Health and Human Development.
Circulating insulin-like growth factor-related biomarkers: correlates and responses to calcium supplementation in colorectal adenoma patients$$$ Circulating insulin‐like growth factor 1 (IGF‐1) may be directly associated with colorectal cancer risk, and IGF binding protein 3 (IGFBP‐3) is one of the most abundantly expressed binding proteins in various cancers. Calcium intakes, primarily from food, have been directly associated with circulating IGF‐1, but whether supplemental calcium affects IGF‐1 and IGFBP‐3 is unknown. We tested the effects of 1.0 and 2.0 g of supplemental elemental calcium daily on circulating IGF‐1 and IGFBP‐3 concentrations in colorectal adenoma patients in a randomized, double‐blinded, placebo‐controlled clinical trial (n = 193). IGF‐1 and IGFBP‐3 were quantified using enzyme‐linked immunoassay and quantitative Western ligand blot, respectively. We also assessed cross‐sectional associations of these biomarkers with participants' baseline characteristics. We found no appreciable effect of calcium relative to placebo on circulating IGF‐1, IGFBP‐3, or the IGF‐1:IGFBP‐3 molar ratio. Mean IGF‐1 concentrations were 11.1% higher in those with greater milk intakes (P = 0.05). Mean IGF‐1 and IGFBP‐3 concentrations were, respectively, 18.0% (P = 0.003) and 16.5% (P = 0.01) higher in men and were monotonically lower with increasing age (both P = 0.01). IGFBP‐3 was 17.7% higher among those with higher relative to no alcohol consumption (P = 0.04). While these results support previous findings that IGF‐1 concentrations are higher with greater milk intakes, and IGF‐1 and IGFBP‐3 concentrations differ according to sex and age, they provide no evidence to suggest that supplemental calcium appreciably affects circulating IGF‐1, IGFBP‐3, or the IGF‐1:IGFBP‐3 molar ratio in sporadic colorectal adenoma patients.
Short-term soy and probiotic supplementation does not markedly affect concentrations of reproductive hormones in postmenopausal women with and without histories of breast cancer$$$ BACKGROUND: Observational studies suggest that dietary isoflavones reduce breast cancer risk, and this may be caused in part by effects on endogenous hormone concentrations. Because intestinal bacteria metabolize isoflavones, it was hypothesized that consumption of probiotic bacteria would enhance the biologic effects of isoflavones, including effects on endogenous hormones. DESIGN: Twenty (20) postmenopausal breast cancer survivors and 20 healthy postmenopausal women completed four 42‐day diet periods in a randomized, crossover design. They received one of the following: isolated soy protein$$$ isolated milk protein$$$ soy + probiotic capsules$$$ or milk + probiotic capsules. Each protein supplement provided 0.38 g protein/(kg body weight/day) (26.6 +/‐ 4.5 g protein/day) and soy protein provided 0.64 mg isoflavones/(kg body weight/day) (44.4 +/‐ 7.5 mg isoflavones/day). Probiotic capsules provided 10(9) colony‐forming units Lactobacillus acidophilus (strain DDS‐1), Bifidobacterium longum, and 15‐20 mg fructo‐oligosaccharide. MEASURES: Plasma samples were collected at baseline and after each diet for analysis of estrogens, follicle‐stimulating hormone (FSH), androgens, and sex hormone?binding globulin (SHBG). RESULTS: Hormone levels were not affected by soy, probiotic supplements, or equol producer status, and neither cancer status nor equol producer status altered the effects of soy or probiotics. Furthermore probiotics did not alter the effects of soy consumption. Soy protein tended to decrease SHBG compared to milk protein diets (p = 0.05), although both proteins significantly decreased SHBG relative to baseline (p = 0.0001 and p = 0.03). CONCLUSIONS: These data suggest that short‐term, moderate consumption of isoflavone‐containing soy protein and consumption of these particular probiotic capsules do not significantly alter reproductive hormone concentrations in breast cancer survivors or controls, regardless of equol producer status.
Effect of a soymilk supplement containing isoflavones on urinary F2 isoprostane levels in premenopausal women$$$ Epidemiological studies have associated soy diets with reduced risk of breast and some other cancers, and oxidative cellular damage may contribute to the development of these and other diseases. We tested the effect of a soymilk supplement rich in isoflavones on a measure of cellular lipid peroxidation in a controlled feeding study. Eight premenopausal women consumed a constant diet that included soymilk containing 113‐207 mg/day total isoflavones and 4 mo later a constant soy diet low (<5 mg/day) in isoflavones, both for a complete menstrual cycle. The average daily urinary excretions of daidzein and genistein were 24.6 +/‐ 10.1 and 9.2 +/‐ 6.1 mg/day, respectively, during the high‐isoflavone soy diet and were below the detection limit during the low‐isoflavone diet. F2 isoprostane 8‐iso‐PGF‐2alpha excretion varied widely within and between subjects, and the group mean was not significantly different during the high‐ and low‐isoflavone soy diet (7.67 +/‐ 1.13 and 8.65 +/‐ 1.18 nmol/12 h, mean +/‐ SD, respectively). However, individual changes in 8‐iso‐PGF‐2alpha between the two soymilk drinks were significantly associated with age (r = ‐0.87$$$ P = 0.006) and several measures of isoflavone exposure, namely, daidzein dose (r = 0.81$$$ P = 0.015), combined daidzein and genistein dose (r = 0.77$$$ P = 0.03), and total urinary excretion of isoflavones (daidzein, genistein, and equol) (r = 0.71$$$ P = 0.05). The findings suggest that soy isoflavones may reduce lipid peroxidation in an age‐dependent manner, with greater effects in older women, and with lower doses of isoflavones.
Plasma phytoestrogens are not altered by probiotic consumption in postmenopausal women with and without a history of breast cancer$$$ Soy phytoestrogens were suggested to reduce the risk of a number of diseases including breast cancer. Given that these compounds are metabolized by bacteria, alteration of intestinal bacteria and enzymes may affect phytoestrogen metabolism. We hypothesized that probiotics, when consumed with soy protein, would increase plasma isoflavones, as well as equol producer frequency, in postmenopausal women. We further hypothesized that these effects would differ between women who have had breast cancer and women who have not. To test these hypotheses, 20 breast cancer survivors and 20 controls completed four 6‐wk treatments in a randomized, crossover design: supplementation with soy protein (S) (26.6 +/‐ 4.5 g protein, 44.4 +/‐ 7.5 mg isoflavones/d)$$$ soy + probiotics (S+P) (10(9) colony‐forming units Lactobacillus acidophilus DDS+1 and Bifidobacterium longum, 15‐30 mg fructooligosaccharide/d)$$$ milk protein (M) (26.6 +/‐ 4.5 g protein/d)$$$ and milk + probiotics (M+P). Plasma phytoestrogen concentrations did not differ between controls and survivors, although genistein tended to be lower in survivors at baseline (P = 0.15), and during soy (P = 0.16) and milk protein (P = 0.16) consumption. As expected, soy consumption increased plasma phytoestrogen concentrations (P < 0.0001). Plasma phytoestrogen concentrations and the number of equol producers did not differ between the S and S+P diets. At the same time, plasma equol concentrations as well as urinary equol excretion in 2 subjects were more than 7‐fold different between the 2 diets. These results indicate that this particular probiotic supplement does not generally affect plasma isoflavones, although the large differences between plasma and urinary equol in some subjects suggest that equol producer status may be modifiable in some individuals.
Prospective study of plasma fatty acids and risk of prostate cancer$$$ BACKGROUND: Although some evidence suggests that dietary fat intake is related to prostate cancer, epidemiologic studies have been inconsistent. PURPOSE: Our purpose was to assess the association between plasma lipid levels, particularly linoleic and alpha‐linolenic acids, and the development of prostate cancer. METHODS: In 1982, at the start of the Physicians' Health Study, 14916 U.S. male physicians provided plasma samples, which were frozen at ‐82 degrees C. Data accumulated from a series of questionnaires were used to assess the intake of various foods. We used a nested case‐control design to compare the fatty acid compositions in plasma from 120 men who later developed prostate cancer with 120 matched controls who did not. Individual fatty acids were measured in plasma as a percentage of total fatty acids, using capillary gas chromatography. Conditional logistic regression models were used to obtain odds ratio estimates while adjusting simultaneously for the effects of one or more potential confounders. RESULTS: The relative risks (RRs) of prostate cancer for men in successively higher quartiles of plasma alpha‐linolenic acid level were 3.0 (95% confidence interval [CI] = 1.2‐7.3), 3.4 (95% CI = 1.6‐7.5), and 2.1 (95% CI = 0.9‐4.9), compared with those with levels below the detection threshold (P trend = .03). For linoleic acid, RRs in successively higher quartiles were 0.7 (95% CI = 0.4‐1.5), 0.8 (95% CI = 0.4‐1.6), and 0.6 (95% CI = 0.3‐1.3), with the lowest quartile as referent (P trend = .24). The effect estimates were not notably altered by adjustment for exercise, body mass, meat and dairy consumption, or other fatty acid levels in the plasma. The RR for eating red meat at least five times per week compared with less than once a week was 2.5 (95% CI = 0.9‐6.7) and was little changed by adjustment for alpha‐linolenic acid, although alpha‐linolenic acid levels were correlated with intake of red meat and butter. The association of alpha‐linolenic acid levels with prostate cancer was greater among men with low linoleic acid and reduced meat intake. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that low plasma levels of alpha‐linolenic acid might be associated with reduced risk of prostate cancer, independently of high meat intake. High linoleic acid and low marine fatty oils were not associated with increased risk, as previously hypothesized. IMPLICATIONS: The effects of dietary alpha‐linolenic acid, particularly from vegetable sources, warrant further study. The effects of dietary linoleic acid and marine fatty acids seen in animal bioassays might not apply to human prostate cancer.
Combining protein and carbohydrate increases postprandial insulin levels but does not improve glucose response in patients with type 2 diabetes$$$ OBJECTIVE: A combined load of carbohydrate and protein stimulates insulin secretion. However, results on postprandial glucose responses in type 2 diabetic (T2D) subjects have been inconclusive. Therefore, we investigated the effects of co‐ingestion of carbohydrate and protein on glucose and insulin responses in these subjects. METHODS: After an overnight fast, 30 subjects consumed a drink containing 50 g of slowly‐digested isomaltulose (ISO), combined either with a mixture of 21 g whey/soy (ISO+WS) or with 21 g casein (ISO+C) in a randomized order on separate days. In another experiment, the subjects consumed a control drink containing only 50 g ISO. RESULTS: No significant differences in glucose responses were observed after ingestion of the drinks. Compared to ingestion of ISO alone, insulin response was 190%‐270% higher (P<.001), whereas insulin action was lower (P<.01) after ingestion of ISO+WS and ISO+C. Plasma insulin levels increased more significantly (P<.001) after ingestion of ISO+WS compared to ISO+C and were positively correlated with total amino acid levels (P<.001). Insulin action, however, showed a greater decrease following ingestion of ISO+WS than ISO+C (P<.01). CONCLUSIONS: Combining carbohydrate with protein can elevate postprandial insulin levels, but decreases insulin action, and therefore does not improve glucose response in T2D subjects. Our results further suggest that different types of proteins (i.e., fast‐absorbing whey/soy vs. slow‐absorbing casein) differently modulate insulin response and insulin action. A fast‐absorbing protein mixture reduces insulin action to a greater extent than a slow‐absorbing protein, and therefore may not be recommended for glycemic control in T2D patients.
Effects of two-month consumption of 30 g a day of soy protein isolate or skimmed curd protein on blood lipid concentration in Russian adults with hyperlipidemia$$$ Recently the American Heart Association has reported that favorable effects of soy protein on blood lipids were characteristic only for high amounts of soy protein and not observed for an intake less than 30 g/d. However, the period of the studies with the smaller amount was 4‐6 wk and we thought a longer study was necessary for the conclusion. The death rate by heart disease is very high in Russia$$$ therefore, we have done this study in Russian subjects with hyperlipidemia. Prior to the study we tried to find a favorable method for subjects to take 30 g protein a day from soybean protein isolate (SPI) or skimmed curd protein (SMP) and decided to use Russian style cookies. Thirty subjects with hyperlipidemia were recruited$$$ however, due to the 5‐mo long study 28 of them (19 females and 9 males aged 50+/‐2 y) could complete the trial. They were randomly assigned to two groups and were given either cookie for 2 mo separated by a month‐long washout interval in a cross‐over design. Fasting blood samples were drawn before and after the dietary treatments. Fasting blood samples at 1 mo were also measured as a health check and to observe the trends of the blood parameters in the middle of the study period. Serum samples were used for the lipid and other biochemical measurements. Every month for 3 non‐consecutive days, energy and nutrient intakes were assessed and physical activity was estimated by pedometer. With the consumption of SPI for 2 mo, concentrations of total‐cholesterol changed from 280+/‐7 to 263+/‐8 mg/dL (‐6.5%, p=0.0099), HDL‐cholesterol from 57.4+/‐2.5 to 62.6+/‐2.9 mg/dL (+9%, p=0.0047), non‐HDL‐cholesterol (total‐cholesterol‐HDL‐cholesterol) from 223+/‐7 to 201+/‐8 mg/dL (‐11%, p=0.0023) and triglycerides from 204+/‐23 to 173+/‐ 19 mg/dL (‐18%, p=0.022). There were no significant changes with SMP (p>0.05). Thus, administration of 30 g SPI a day for 2 mo confirmed its favorable effects on serum lipids in Russians with hyperlipidemia.
Effects of a functional light cheese naturally enriched with CLA and omega-3 improving blood lipid profile in overweight and obese people treatment$$$ Rationale: Popular interest in conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) and omega‐3 as biomedical tools is rising due to beneficial effect on health by improving different cardiovascular risk factor such as dyslipidemia. Nevertheless is necessary to clarify the efficiency with well‐designed clinical trials. Methods: In a randomized, double‐blind, placebocontrolled study, 53 overweight and obese subjects (BMI ≥25<35 kg/m2) without drug treatment, received during 12 weeks 2 servings/day (serving = 30 g) of a functional light cheese (FC) enriched with CLA (1%) and omega‐3 (1%) or control light cheese (CC) (CLA: 0.6%$$$ omega‐3: 0.5%). A hypocaloric balanced diet was designed and maintained during the study for all participants. Dietetic, anthropometric, blood lipid profile, Apo A, Apo B, and different cardiovascular risk scores (LDL/HDL, Col/HDL, ApoB/ApoA) were collected and calculated at baseline and end of the study. Results: No statistical differences were found in caloric intake restriction between groups. After 12 weeks of intervention, FC group decreased total‐cholesterol (240.9±26.1 to 231.9±27.9, p < 0.05), LDL (161.0±21.0 to 152.8±24.3 mg/dL), TG (132.0±61.4 to 106.1±55.7 mg/dL, p < 0.001) and Apo B (110.2±17.2 to 100.5±17.2 mg/dL, p < 0.01). Moreover FC group decreased the ApoB/ApoA ratio (0.76±0.21 to 0.64±0.17, p < 0.001) at the end of the intervention. The percentage of subjects in FC group with LDL levels below the reference value for cardiovascular risk (≥160 mg/dL) fell 11.2% from baseline to end of the intervention (p < 0.07). CC group increased this percentage (3.8%). Conclusion: A light cheese naturally enriched with CLA and Omega‐3 could be adequate to be use in a control weight treatment and promote a beneficial modulation of blood lipid profile, and therefore reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease in overweight and obese population.
Changes in Food and Nutrient Intake and Diet Quality on a Low-Fat Vegan Diet Are Associated with Changes in Body Weight and Body Composition in Overweight Adults: a Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Objective: The aim was to identify changes in food, nutrient intake, and diet quality on a low‐fat vegan diet and associations with changes in body weight and body composition. Methods: Overweight adults (n=244) were randomly assigned to follow a low‐fat vegan diet (n=122) or make no diet changes (n=122). Main outcome measures were changes in food intake, macro‐and micronutrient intake, and dietary quality as measured by AHEI‐2010, analyzed from 3‐day diet records, and associations with changes in body weight and body composition. A repeated measure analysis of variance (ANOVA) model, Spearman correlations, and linear regression were used for statistical analysis. Results: The intervention group's AHEI‐20increased by 6.0 points on average in contrast to no significant change in the control group (treatment effect +7.2 [95% CI +3.7 to +10.7]$$$ p<0.001). Increase in AHEI‐20correlated with reduction in body weight (r=0.14$$$ p=0.04), fat mass (r=‐0.14$$$ p=0.03), and HOMA‐IR (r=‐0.17$$$ p=0.02), after adjustment for changes in energy intake. Fruit, vegetable, legume, meat alternative, and whole grain intake significantly increased in the intervention group. Intake of meat, fish and poultry$$$ dairy products$$$ eggs$$$ nuts and seeds$$$ and added fats decreased. Decreased weight was most strongly associated with increased intake of legumes (r=‐0.38$$$ p<0001) and decreased intake of total meat, fish, and poultry (r=+0.43$$$p<0001). Reduced fat intake was associated with reduced body weight (r=+0.15$$$ p=0.02) and, after adjustment for changes in BMI and energy intake, with reduced fat mass (r=+0.14$$$ p=0.04). Conclusions: Diet quality as measured by AHEI‐20improved on the low‐fat vegan diet, which was associated with improvements in weight and metabolic outcomes. Increased legume intake was the strongest single food group predictor of weight loss.
Effect of whole soy and isoflavones daidzein on bone turnover and inflammatory markers: a 6-month double-blind, randomized controlled trial in Chinese postmenopausal women who are equol producers$$$ Background: Human studies have demonstrated the beneficial effects of soy or isoflavones on bone metabolism. However, conflicting data remain. Equol is the intestinal metabolite of the isoflavone daidzein. The health benefits of soy are more pronounced in equol producers than those not producing equol. This 6‐month randomized controlled trial aimed to examine the effect of whole soy (soy flour) and purified daidzein on bone turnover markers (BTMs) in Chinese postmenopausal women who are equol producers. Methods: A total of 270 eligible women were randomized to either one of the three isocaloric supplements as follows: 40 g soy flour (whole soy group), 40 g low‐fat milk powder + 63 mg daidzein (daidzein group), or 40 g low‐fat milk powder (placebo group) given as a solid beverage daily for 6 months. The following fasting venous samples were collected at the baseline and end of the trial to analyze BTMs: serum cross‐linked C‐telopeptides of type I collagen, bone‐specific alkaline phosphatase, osteocalcin, procollagen type I N‐terminal propeptide, and 25(OH)D3. Inflammation‐related biomarkers, such as serum interleukin‐6, tumor necrosis factor‐alpha, C‐reactive protein, transferrin, and homocysteine, were also tested to explore potential mechanisms. Results: A total of 253 subjects validly completed the study protocol. Urinary isoflavones suggested a good compliance to the treatments. Intention‐to‐treat and per‐protocol analyses indicated no significant difference in the 6‐month or percentage changes in the parameters of bone metabolism and inflammatory markers among the three treatment groups. Conclusions: Whole soy and purified daidzein at provided dosages exhibited no significant effect on the bone metabolism and inflammation levels among Chinese equol‐producing postmenopausal women. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier NCT01270737.
Effect of a Home-Based Lifestyle Intervention on Breastfeeding Initiation Among Socioeconomically Disadvantaged African American Women with Overweight or Obesity$$$ BACKGROUND: Socioeconomically disadvantaged (SED) African American women with overweight or obesity are less likely to breastfeed. OBJECTIVE: To test whether a home‐based lifestyle intervention impacts breastfeeding initiation rates in SED African American women with overweight or obesity. STUDY DESIGN: This was a secondary analysis of a randomized controlled trial from October 2012 to March 2016 at a university‐based hospital within the LIFE‐Moms consortium. SED African American women with overweight or obesity and singleton gestations were randomized by 16 weeks to Parents as Teachers (PAT)‐a home‐based parenting support and child development educational intervention‐or PAT+, PAT with additional content on breastfeeding. Participants completed a breastfeeding survey. Outcomes included breastfeeding initiation and reasons for not initiating or not continuing breastfeeding. RESULTS: One hundred eighteen women were included: 59 in PAT+$$$ 59 in PAT. Breastfeeding initiation rates were similar in each group (78.00% in PAT+$$$ 74.58% in PAT). On a one to four scale, with four denoting "very important," women in PAT+ and PAT were equally likely to rate their beliefs that formula was better than breast milk or breastfeeding would be too inconvenient as the most important reasons to not initiate breastfeeding. On the same scale, women similarly rated their difficulty latching or concern for low milk supply as the most important reasons for breastfeeding cessation. CONCLUSION: SED African American women with overweight or obesity who received a home‐based educational intervention had higher breastfeeding rates than is reported nationally for black women (59%). However, the intervention with more breastfeeding content did not further increase breastfeeding rates or impact reasons for breastfeeding cessation. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov : NCT01768793.
Low-dose whey protein-enriched water beverages alter satiety in a study of overweight women$$$ AIM: To determine the effect of low‐dose whey protein‐enriched water beverages on postprandial satiety and energy intake (EI). METHODS: Fifty overweight and mildly obese women were given 500 mL water‐based beverages on 4 different occasions in a double blind, cross‐over study. The beverages were reasonably matched for colour, flavour, sweetness and contained 0% (water control, 0 g, 8 kJ), 1% (5 g, 93 kJ), 2% (10 g, 178 kJ) and 4% (20 g, 348 kJ) whey protein by weight (ClearProtein8855™). Following a standard evening meal and breakfast, beverages were consumed 120 min before an ad libitum lunch at which EI was measured. Feelings associated with hunger and fullness were also measured using visual analogue scales (VAS). RESULTS: 46 participants completed all 4 beverage conditions. There was a significant effect of beverage preload on hunger (beverage×time$$$ P=0.0074), where each of the 1%, 2% and 4% w/w protein beverages decreased hunger compared to the water control (P<0.05). Suppression of hunger was also maintained for longer following the protein beverages (Friedman test, P=0.013). Fullness (beverage×time$$$ P=0.0020) and satisfaction (beverage×time$$$ P=0.0356) were both increased by the 1% and 4% protein beverages (P<0.05). EI at lunch decreased by up to 8 percent (control vs 4% protein, delta=‐247 kJ, Tukey's post hoc, P>0.05) when escalating protein doses were added to the water preload (water control, 3028 kJ$$$ 1%, 3080 kJ$$$ 2%, 2924 kJ$$$ 4%, 2781 kJ), only partial compensation for the added energy. CONCLUSIONS: These low‐dose, whey protein‐enriched water beverages significantly altered short term postprandial satiety, however the effect was not sufficient to impact on food intake when assessed 2 h after consumption.
Inflammatory cytokine responses to progressive resistance training and supplementation with fortified milk in men aged 50+ years: an 18-month randomized controlled trial$$$ We examined the effects of progressive resistance training (PRT) and supplementation with calcium‐vitamin D(3) fortified milk on markers of systemic inflammation, and the relationship between inflammation and changes in muscle mass, size and strength. Healthy men aged 50‐79 years (n = 180) participated in this 18‐month randomized controlled trial that comprised a factorial 2 × 2 design. Participants were randomized to (1) PRT + fortified milk supplement, (2) PRT, (3) fortified milk supplement, or (4) a control group. Participants assigned to PRT trained 3 days per week, while those in the supplement groups consumed 400 ml day(‐1) of milk containing 1,000 mg calcium plus 800 IU vitamin D(3). We collected venous blood samples at baseline, 12 and 18 months to measure the serum concentrations of IL‐6, TNF‐α and hs‐CRP. There were no exercise × supplement interactions, but serum IL‐6 was 29% lower (95% CI, ‐62, 0) in the PRT group compared with the control group after 12 months. Conversely, IL‐6 was 31% higher (95% CI, ‐2, 65) in the supplement group compared with the non‐supplemented groups after 12 and 18 months. These between‐group differences did not persist after adjusting for changes in fat mass. In the PRT group, mid‐tibia muscle cross‐sectional area increased less in men with higher pre‐training inflammation compared with those men with lower inflammation (net difference 2.5%, p < 0.05). In conclusion, serum IL‐6 concentration decreased following PRT, whereas it increased after supplementation with fortified milk concomitant with changes in fat mass. Furthermore, low‐grade inflammation at baseline restricted muscle hypertrophy following PRT.
Supplementation with Lactobacillus rhamnosus or Bifidobacterium lactis probiotics in pregnancy increases cord blood interferon-gamma and breast milk transforming growth factor-beta and immunoglobin A detection$$$ BACKGROUND: This study explored the effects of maternal probiotic supplementation on immune markers in cord blood (CB) and breast milk. METHODS: CB plasma and breast milk samples were collected from a cohort of women who had received daily supplements of either 6 x 10(9) CFU/day Lactobacillus rhamnosus HN001 (n=34), 9 x 10(9) CFU/day Bifidobacterium lactis HN019 (n=35) or a placebo (n=36) beginning 2‐5 weeks before delivery and continuing for 6 months in lactating women. CB plasma and breast milk (collected at 3‐7 days, 3 months and 6 months postpartum) were assayed for cytokines (IL‐13, IFN‐gamma, IL‐6, TNF‐alpha, IL‐10, TGF‐beta1) and sCD14. Breast milk samples were also assayed for total IgA. RESULTS: Neonates of mothers who received a probiotic had higher CB IFN‐gamma levels (P=0.026), and a higher proportion had detectable blood IFN‐gamma levels, compared with the placebo group (P=0.034), although levels were undetectable in many infants. While this pattern was evident for both probiotics, when examined separately only the L. rhamnosus HN001 group showed statistically significant higher IFN‐gamma levels (P=0.030) compared with the placebo group. TGF‐beta1 levels were higher in early breast milk (week 1) from the probiotic groups (P=0.028). This was evident for the B. lactis HN019 group (P=0.041) with a parallel trend in the L. rhamnosus HN001 group (P=0.075). Similar patterns were seen for breast milk IgA, which was more readily detected in breast milk from both the B. lactis HN019 (P=0.008) and the L. rhamnosus HN001 group (P=0.011). Neonatal plasma sCD14 levels were lower in the B. lactis HN019 group compared with the placebo group (P=0.041). CONCLUSION: The findings suggest that supplementation with probiotics in pregnancy has the potential to influence fetal immune parameters as well as immunomodulatory factors in breast milk.
Consumption of protein-enriched milk has minor effects on inflammation in older adults-A 12-week double-blind randomized controlled trial$$$ INTRODUCTION: Aging is associated with increased levels of circulating inflammatory markers and reduced muscle mass and strength. OBJECTIVE: We investigated whether intake of protein‐enriched milk for 12 weeks would influence markers of inflammation among adults ≥70years of age with reduced physical strength. METHODS: In a double‐blind randomized controlled intervention study, subjects were randomly allocated into two groups, receiving a protein‐enriched milk (2×20g protein/d, n=14, mean (±SD) age 76.9±4.9 yrs) or an isocaloric carbohydrate drink (n=17, age 77.7±4.8 yrs) for 12 weeks. We measured serum and mRNA expression levels of inflammatory markers in PBMCs. RESULTS: Significant differences in the mRNA expression of nuclear receptor subfamily, group H, member 3 (NR1H3, encoding the LXRα transcription factor) and interferon gamma (INFG) were observed between groups. The mRNA level of TNFRSF1A was significantly reduced, while the mRNA level of dipeptidyl‐peptidase 4 (DPP4) was significantly increased, in the control group. The serum level of TNFα increased significantly in the control group, while sTNFRSF1A increased significantly in both groups, but with no significant differences between groups. CONCLUSION: Consumption of a low‐fat, protein‐enriched milk for 12 weeks had minor effects on inflammatory related markers in older adults compared to an isocaloric carbohydrate drink.
Low breast milk TGF-beta2 is induced by Lactobacillus reuteri supplementation and associates with reduced risk of sensitization during infancy$$$ The immunological composition of breast milk differs between mothers. The reasons for these differences and the consequences for the breast‐fed infants are poorly understood. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of probiotic Lactobacillus reuteri supplementation on the immunological composition of breast milk in relation to sensitization and eczema in the babies. Total IgA, secretory IgA (SIgA), TGF‐beta1, TGF‐beta2, IL‐10, TNF, soluble CD14 (sCD14), and Na/K ratios were analyzed in colostrum and mature milk obtained from women treated with L. reuteri (n = 54) or placebo (n = 55) from gestational week 36 until delivery. Bacteriological analyses of L. reuteri were performed in faecal samples of the mothers. The infants were followed prospectively for 2 yr regarding development of eczema and sensitization as defined by a positive skin prick test and/or circulating allergen‐specific IgE antibodies at 6, 12, and 24 months of age. Supplementation of L. reuteri during pregnancy was associated with low levels of TGF‐beta2 and slightly increased levels of IL‐10 in colostrum. For TGF‐beta2, this association was most pronounced in mothers with detectable L. reuteri in faeces. Infants receiving breast milk with low levels of TGF‐beta2 were less likely to become sensitized during their first 2 yr of life. A similar trend was observed for development of IgE‐associated eczema. The levels of total IgA, SIgA, TGF‐beta1, TNF, sCD14, and Na/K ratios in breast milk were not affected by the intake of L. reuteri. None of these parameters correlated with sensitization or development of eczema in the infant, except for high Na/K ratios that associated with increased risk of sensitization. Supplementation with L. reuteri during late pregnancy reduces breast milk levels of TGF‐beta2, and low levels of this cytokine are associated with less sensitization and possibly less IgE‐associated eczema in breast‐fed infants.
Effects of soy milk consumption on gut microbiota, inflammatory markers, and disease severity in patients with ulcerative colitis: a study protocol for a randomized clinical trial$$$ Background: Several strategies are recommended to alleviate clinical symptoms of ulcerative colitis (UC). Soy milk may affect UC through its anti‐inflammatory properties. However, no study has examined the effects of soy milk consumption on gut microbiota and inflammatory biomarkers in patients with UC. The current study will be done to examine the effects of soy milk consumption on UC symptoms, inflammation, and gut microbiota in patients with UC. Methods: This study is a randomized clinical trial, in which thirty patients with mild to moderate severity of UC will be randomly allocated to receive either 250 mL/day soy milk plus routine treatments (n = 15) or only routine treatments (n = 15) for 4 weeks. Assessment of anthropometric measures and biochemical indicators including serum concentrations of high‐sensitivity C‐reactive protein (hs‐CRP), tumor necrosis factor‐α (TNF‐α), interleukin‐1β (IL‐1β), and interferon gamma (IFN‐γ) will be done at the study baseline and end of trial. In addition, the quantity of butyrate‐producing bacteria including Clostridium cluster IV, Faecalibacterium prausnitzii, and Roseburia spp.$$$ prebiotic bacteria including Lactobacillus spp. and Bifidobacteria spp.$$$ and mucus‐degrading bacteria including Akkermansia muciniphila, Bacteroides fragilis, and Ruminococcus spp., as well as calprotectin and lactoferrin levels, will be explored in fecal samples. Also, the Firmicutes to Bacteroidetes ratio which is of significant relevance in human gut microbiota composition will be assessed. Discussion: Altered gut microbiota has been reported as an important contributing factor to inflammation in patients with inflammatory bowel disease (IBD). Soy milk contains several components such as phytoestrogens with potential anti‐inflammatory properties. This product might affect gut microbiota through its protein and fiber content. Therefore, soy milk might beneficially affect systemic inflammation, gut microbiota, and then clinical symptoms in patients with UC. Trial registration: Iranian Registry of Clinical Trials (www.irct.ir) IRCT20181205041859N1. Registered on 27 January 2019.
Influence of a Concurrent Exercise Training Program During Pregnancy on Colostrum and Mature Human Milk Inflammatory Markers: findings From the GESTAFIT Project$$$ BACKGROUND: Although exercise reduces systemic inflammation, information regarding its influence on human milk is scarce or inexistent. Research Aim: The aim of this study was to investigate the influence of an exercise intervention during pregnancy on colostrum and mature human milk inflammatory markers. METHODS: The authors conducted a pseudorandomized controlled trial. The exercise group followed a concurrent aerobic and strength training, three 60‐minutes sessions per week, from the 17th gestational week until delivery. For the specific aims of this study, only women able to produce enough milk were included for data analyses, resulting in 24 exercise and 23 control women. Colostrum and mature human milk proinflammatory and anti‐inflammatory cytokines (fractalkine, interleukin [IL]‐1β, IL‐6, IL‐8, IL‐10, interferon [IFN]‐γ, and tumor necrosis factor [TNF]‐α) were measured using Luminex xMAP technology. RESULTS: The mothers who followed the exercise program had 36% lower IL‐8 and 27% lower TNF‐α concentrations in their colostrum than those in the control group ( p < .05 and p < .01, respectively). The colostrum from mothers who followed the exercise program also presented borderline significant 22% lower IL‐6 ( p < .100). The mature milk from mothers who followed the exercise program had 30% greater fractalkine ( p = .05) and borderline significant 20% higher IL‐10 ( p = .100). The exercise intervention did not affect IFN‐γ concentrations. CONCLUSIONS: This concurrent exercise program promoted a less proinflammatory profile in human milk, especially in colostrum. Moreover, it might increase mature human milk fractalkine, which could induce a greater neurodevelopment and neuroprotection in the newborn. This trial was registered at ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT02582567) on October 20, 2015.
Effects of milk proteins and combined exercise training on aortic hemodynamics and arterial stiffness in young obese women with high blood pressure$$$ BACKGROUND: Obesity and reduced muscle strength are associated with increased blood pressure (BP). We examined the impact of milk proteins and combined exercise training (CET) on BP, arterial function, and muscle strength (one‐repetition maximum (1‐RM)). METHODS: Thirty‐three obese sedentary women (age = 30 ± 1 years$$$ body mass index = 35.2 ± 0.9 kg/m(2)$$$ systolic BP (SBP) = 129 ± 2 mm Hg) were randomized to control carbohydrate (n = 11), whey (n = 11), and casein (n = 11) supplementation for 4 weeks. All participants performed moderate‐intensity CET 3 days/week. Brachial and aortic SBP, augmentation index adjusted for 75 beats/minute (AIx@75), arterial stiffness (brachial‐ankle pulse wave velocity (baPWV)), and 1‐RM were measured before and after the interventions. RESULTS: There were significant (P < 0.05) time‐by‐group interactions for brachial SBP (bSBP), aortic SBP (aSBP), AIx@75, and baPWV. Whey and casein supplementation significantly (P < 0.05) decreased bSBP (approximately 5mm Hg for both), aSBP (approximately 7 mm Hg and approximately 6mm Hg, respectively), AIx@75 (approximately 9.2% and approximately 8.1%, respectively) and baPWV (approximately 57 cm/s and approximately 53 cm/s, respectively) compared with no changes in the control group. Upper‐ (approximately 22.2%) and lower‐body 1‐RM (approximately 44.0%) increased similarly in all groups. Changes in arterial function and 1‐RM were not correlated. CONCLUSIONS: Milk protein supplementation with CET reduced SBP, wave reflection, and arterial stiffness in young obese women with prehypertension and hypertension. Because CET did not affect arterial function, milk proteins may have an antihypertensive effect by improving arterial function, as shown by reduced AIx@75 and baPWV. Muscle strength improvements after CET did not affect BP and arterial function. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrial.gov Registration NCT01830946.
Co-Ingestion of Rice Bran Soymilk or Plain Soymilk with White Bread: effects on the Glycemic and Insulinemic Response$$$ The regular consumption of soy products is associated with inverse incidence of type 2 diabetes, and there has been an increasing interest in the glycemia reducing potential of rice bran and its components. In this study, we investigated whether consuming soymilk with the addition of rice bran (fiber) can reduce the glycemic response of a carbohydrate meal. Seventeen healthy Asian men (BMI: 18.5‐29 kg/m²) participated in this randomized crossover trial. On four occasions, they consumed white bread (two times) and white bread with two different soymilks differing in protein and rice bran content. Blood samples were taken to measure glucose and insulin response over a period of 3 hours. Taking the glycemic index (GI) value of white bread as a reference value of 100, the GI of white bread when co‐ingested with rice bran soymilk (RBS) was 83.1 (±7.7) and sugar‐free soymilk (SFS) was 77.5 (±10.1), both were lower than white bread (p < 0.05). The insulin response of both soymilk treatments was similar to white bread (p > 0.05). The glucose/insulin ratio of RBS and SFS were respectively 43.1 (± 6.1) and 60.0 (± 17.0) and were lower (p < 0.05) than white bread (123.5 ± 21.1) during the first 30 min. In conclusion, co‐ingestion of low amounts of soy protein with a carbohydrate meal stimulated early‐phase insulin secretion and thereby increased blood glucose clearance effectiveness. Furthermore, rice bran‐fortified soymilk reduced the glycemic response similarly to soymilk with a greater dose of soy protein. Rice bran and its components offer therapeutic potential for glycemic and insulinemic control.
Sensorial and chemical characterization of snack bar with variation of gembolo flour (Dioscorea bulbifera) and arrowroot starch (marantha arundinaceae L.)$$$ Non‐communicable diseases such as diabetes mellitus, stroke, and other cardiovascular diseases have grown rapidly in the last 10 years. Non‐communicable diseases can be caused by poor diet and various types of unhealthy foods. Along with the development of the times, snack bars increasingly become a trend as one of the healthy food products. On the other hand, the economic value of local tubers such as gembolo (Dioscorea bulbifera L.) and arrowroot tuber (Marantha arundinaceae L.) is still low. Both are known to have good functional value especially in dietary fiber, which is potential to be used as raw materials in the development of high fiber snack bar formulation. This research was conducted to evaluate the sensorial and chemical characteristics of developed gembolo and arrowroot composite snack bar of various formulations. The research design was a randomized complete design of one factor with five different formulations$$$ gembolo and arrowroot composite in the ratio of 10:40, 20:30, 30:20, 40:10, 50:0 mixed with other snack bar ingredients. Sensory analysis was conducted followed by chemical analysis including water content, ash, protein, fat, carbohydrate, reducing sugar, resistant starch, and dietary fiber. Based on the results of the sensory analysis, the snack bar with the formulation of 40% gembolo flour and 10% arrowroot starch (F4) was the most preferred formula, where the snack bar was crunchy, less bitter, pleasant odor, and a slightly dark color. Water content, ash, protein, reducing sugar, resistant starch, and dietary fiber content increased with the addition of gembolo flour, while the fat content decreased. The developed snack bars contained 7.91 to 8.38 of dietary fiber. This study indicated that a healthy and nutritious snack bar could be made from gembolo and arrowroot.
To compare effects of mango consumption in T2DM and non-diabetic subjects$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Mango: 250g of mango pulp and 200ml of toned milk for 2 months in breakfast. Control Intervention1: Bread: 3 sliced of white bread and 200ml of toned milk for 2 months in breakfast. CONDITION: Health Condition 1: E00‐E89‐ Endocrine, nutritional and metabolic diseases PRIMARY OUTCOME: 1. Exploratory Acute Phase: To investigate glycemic response of mango intake by evaluating glycemic response & oral glucose tolerance testing. $$$ 2. Exploratory Sub‐acute Phase: To evaluate blood glucose levels by continuous glucose monitoring system. $$$ 3. Confirmatory Chronic Phase: To determine intermediate term effect of mango ingestion on glycemia (blood glucose, fructosamine), insulin resistance (HOMA‐IR, adiponectin levels) & body composition (anthropometry & TANITA scan).Timepoint: 18 months SECONDARY OUTCOME: To determine intermediate term effect of mango ingestion on glycemia (blood glucose, fructosamine), insulin resistance (HOMA‐IR, adiponectin levels) & body composition (anthropometry & TANITA).Timepoint: 18 months INCLUSION CRITERIA: For patients with diabetes: a) Stable glycemic control on metformin or sulfonyleurea for past 3 months b) without any major complication c) HbAIc less than 8%
Slow versus fast proteins in the stimulation of beta-cell response and the activation of the entero-insular axis in type 2 diabetes$$$ BACKGROUND: We tested whether ingestion of whey protein can induce greater post‐prandial amino acid (AA) levels in the plasma and a higher beta‐cell response than casein ingestion in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients. METHODS: The study was designed as a double‐blind, randomized, and controlled cross‐over clinical trial. Twelve post‐absorptive type 2 diabetic subjects who were withdrawn from their usual hypoglycemic therapy were studied. A medium calorie (approximately 6 kcal/kg BW), high protein (approximately 50% of total kcal) mixed meal, containing whey protein, casein, or a free amino acid (FREE AA) mixture matching the casein AA composition, was randomly administered on three different occasions. RESULTS: Following ingestion of whey protein, plasma concentrations of total, branched chain, and essential AA were 25‐50% greater than after ingestion of casein (p < 0.0001), and were similar to those observed after the FREE AA meal. With whey protein, C‐peptide, insulin, and pro‐insulin concentrations were greater by 12‐40% (p < 0.02 or less) than with casein, and similar to those with FREE AA. Glucagon‐like polypeptide 1 (GLP‐1) response tended to be lower with casein than with whey protein. Glucose‐dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP) response was greater with either whey protein or casein than with FREE AA. Post‐prandial glucose concentrations were similar after whey protein and casein ingestion, but lower after the FREE AA meal. CONCLUSIONS: In type 2 diabetes, the ingestion of a fast‐absorbable protein results in a greater post‐prandial aminoacidemia and a higher beta‐cell secretion than the ingestion of a 'slow' protein. Whether these changes can be maintained chronically in combination with hypoglycemic therapy, possibly also resulting in better glycemic control, remains to be established.
O17Immediate postpartum contraceptive implant placement and breastfeeding success in women at risk for low milk supply: a randomized non-inferiority trial$$$ Objectives: Immediate postpartum initiation of the etonogestrel contraceptive implant has been proven to decrease rates of rapid, repeat pregnancies. Evidence supports that initiation of the contraceptive implant 1–3 days postpartum in healthy women does not affect breastfeeding success. However, little data exist for women at risk for low milk supply, including women with obesity, polycystic ovarian syndrome, diabetes, premature delivery, or prior history of low milk supply. Thus, our goal was to measure the impact of postpartum implant insertion timing on breastfeeding success and duration in this high‐risk population. Methods: We conducted a three‐armed randomized non‐inferiority study of women who plan to breastfeed and have known risk factors for low milk supply. Women were randomized to one of three groups for the timing of implant placement: within 30 minutes of placental delivery, 24–72 hours postpartum, or six or more weeks postpartum. The primary outcome was time to lactogenesis II. Secondary outcomes included duration and exclusivity of breastfeeding and contraceptive implant satisfaction through six months postpartum. Results: We enrolled 153 participants. There were no significant differences in age, race, ethnicity, insurance status, parity, gestational age at delivery and mode of delivery between the three groups. There was no significant difference in time to lactogenesis II with an average time of 62 hours (Kaplan‐Meier, p=0.75). Duration and exclusivity of breastfeeding, satisfaction with the implant, and reports of heavy or irregular bleeding were similar among all groups. Conclusions: Our study suggests that early etonogestrel implant insertion does not affect breastfeeding success among women at risk for low milk supply.
The Intervention Nurses Start Infants Growing on Healthy Trajectories (INSIGHT) responsive parenting intervention for firstborns impacts feeding of secondborns$$$ BACKGROUND: The Intervention Nurses Start Infant Growing on Healthy Trajectories (INSIGHT) study's responsive parenting (RP) intervention, initiated in early infancy, prevented the use of nonresponsive, controlling feeding practices and promoted use of structure‐based feeding among first‐time parents compared with controls. OBJECTIVES: We sought to examine the spillover effect of the RP intervention on maternal feeding practices with their secondborn (SB) infants enrolled in an observational‐only study, SIBSIGHT, and to test the moderating effect of spacing of births. METHODS: SB infants of mothers participating in the INSIGHT study were enrolled into the observation‐only ancillary study, SIBSIGHT. SBs were healthy singleton infants ≥36 weeks of gestation. Infant feeding practices (i.e., food to soothe, structure vs. control‐based practices) were assessed using validated questionnaires: Babies Need Soothing Questionnaire, Infant Feeding Styles Questionnaire, and the Structure and Control in Parent Feeding Questionnaire. RESULTS: SBs (n = 117 [RP: 57, control: 60]$$$ 43% male) were delivered 2.5 ± 0.8 y after firstborns (FBs). At age 1 y, the Structure and Control in Parent Feeding Questionnaire revealed that the mothers in the RP group used more consistent feeding routines (4.19 [0.43] compared with 3.77 [0.62], P = 0.0006, Cohen's D: 0.69) compared with control group mothers. From the Infant Feeding Styles Questionnaire, RP group mothers also used less nonresponsive, controlling feeding practices such as pressuring their SB infant to finish (1.81 [0.52] compared with 2.24 [0.68], P = 0.001, Cohen's D: 0.68) compared with controls. In contrast to our hypotheses, no differences were detected in bottle‐feeding practices such as putting to bed with a bottle/sippy cup or adding cereal to the bottle, despite observing study group differences in FBs. Spacing of births did not moderate intervention effects. CONCLUSIONS: RP guidance given to mothers of FBs may prevent the use of some nonresponsive, controlling feeding practices while establishing consistent feeding routines in subsequent siblings.
A synbiotic mixture of scGOS/lcFOS and Bifidobacterium breve M-16V is able to restore the delayed colonization of bifidobacterium observed in C-section Delivered Infants$$$ Objectives and study: Infants born by C‐section miss the exposure to the maternal vaginal microbiota and this absence of microbial inoculation has been associated with a delayed colonization of commensal bacterial members such as Bifidobacterium. This compromised microbial inoculation may impact the health of the newborn and epidemiological data from cohort studies indicate associations between C‐section and, immune and metabolic disorders such as asthma and obesity. The objective of this study was to determine the effect of a specific mixture of short‐chain galactooligosaccharides and long‐chain fructooligosaccharides (scGOS/lcFOS, ratio 9:1) and the probiotic strain Bifidobacterium breve M‐16V in restoring the delayed colonization of Bifidobacterium observed in term C‐section delivered infants. Methods: In a multi‐country, double‐blind, randomised controlled study, 153 infants born by elective C‐section were randomised to receive (1) an infant formula supplemented with scGOS/lcFOS (0.8g/100ml) and B. breve M‐16V (7.5×108CFU/ 100ml), or (2) a formula supplemented with scGOS/lcFOS (0.8g/100ml), or (3) a control formula from birth until age 4 months. As a reference group, 30 vaginally born, breast fed infants were studied in parallel. Stool samples were collected at day 3 and/ or day 5, week 2, week 4, week 8, week 12, week 16, and week 22 (6 weeks postintervention). The total Bifidobacterium gene count, several Bifidobacterium species and B. breve M‐ 16V were determined with molecular tools, pH and SCFA were also measured in the stool samples. Results: 129 randomized infants were included in the modified ITT data analysis with 45, 39 and 45 infants in the synbiotic, prebiotic and control group, respectively. The reference group consisted of 28 infants (mITT). All the study groups including the reference group were mixed‐fed. The data confirmed the delayed colonization of Bifidobacterium in C‐section delivered infants. The synbiotic supplementation resulted in a significant higher estimated mean of total bifidobacteria gene count from the first days of life (p<0.0001) and this bifidogenic effect remained significant until week 12 (p=0.032) compared to the control group. In the prebiotic group, the estimated mean of total Bifidobacterium gene count was comparable to the control group. In the synbiotic group, B. breve M‐16V was still detected in 38.7 % of the infants at week 22 indicating a persistence of the probiotic strain. A significant lower estimated mean faecal pH was observed in the synbiotic group from the first days of life (p<0.0001) and this remained significant until 1 month of age (p=0.001) compared to the control group. A significant higher estimated mean amount of acetate was observed in the synbiotic group at day 3/5 (p<0.0001) compared to the control group. A lower number of subjects with adverse events of eczema/atopic dermatitis was reported in the synbiotic group (n=3) compared to the control (n=10), and prebiotic group (n=9), after correction for family allergy history (p<0.05). Conclusion: An infant formula supplemented with scGOS/lcFOS and B. breve M‐16V is able to restore the delayed colonization of Bifidobacterium in C‐section delivered infants from the first days of life. This phenomenon is associated with the creation of a favourable gut ecosystem milieu. These biological effects may have potential long term health benefit in C‐section born infants.
Sleep SAAF responsive parenting intervention improves mothers' feeding practices: a randomized controlled trial among African American mother-infant dyads$$$ Background/Objective: Parents shape children’s early experiences with food, influencing what is served, children’s food choices, and how much children eat. Responsive parenting (RP) interventions such as INSIGHT have improved maternal infant feeding practices, but have only been tested among predominantly White families. This secondary analysis of data from the Sleep SAAF (Strong African American Families) RCT tests the effects of an RP intervention designed to prevent rapid infant weight gain on African American mothers’ infant feeding practices. Methods: Primiparous African American mother‐infant dyads (n = 194) were randomized to an RP or safety control intervention delivered by community research associates at infant age 3 and 8 weeks. At 16 weeks, mothers completed the Babies Need Feeding questionnaire, the Infant Feeding Styles Questionnaire, and the Babies Need Soothing questionnaire. Logistic regression and general linear models examined the effect of study group on infant feeding practices. Moderation analyses explored whether effects varied by feeding mode (any breast milk versus exclusive formula), maternal age (≥ 20 years versus < 20 years), and maternal pre‐pregnancy BMI (with obesity versus not). Results: RP mothers reported more responsive feeding (p = 0.005, partial η2 = 0.02), lower likelihood of using beverages other than breast milk/formula to soothe their infant (p = 0.01, OR = 0.42, 95% CI [0.2–0.8]), and less pressure with cereal than control mothers (p = 0.09, partial η2 = 0.02). RP mothers also reported less pressure to finish/soothe than controls (p = 0.007, partial η2 = 0.04)$$$ feeding mode (B = 0.74, p = 0.003) and maternal age (B = 0.53, p = 0.04) moderated this effect. There were no significant group differences in bottle‐feeding practices (e.g., adding cereal to bottle, using an appropriate nipple/bottle size), or in context‐based or emotion‐based food to soothe. Conclusions: Responsive parenting education influenced some feeding practices of African American mothers. Mothers reported using less pressure, a control‐based feeding practice, and more responsive feeding than controls. Trial registration: Sleep SAAF: A Strong African American Families Study. www.clinicaltrials.gov NCT03505203. Registered 3 April 2018.
Human milk oligosaccharides differ between HIV-infected and HIV-uninfected mothers and are related to necrotizing enterocolitis incidence in their preterm very-low-birth-weight infants$$$ The heavy burden of maternal HIV infection has resulted in a high prevalence of premature birth and associated necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC). Human milk oligosaccharides (HMOs) were recently associated with HIV infection and transmission through breastfeeding and were also shown to reduce NEC in an animal model, particularly the HMO disialyllacto‐N‐tetraose (DSLNT). The primary aim of this study was to verify differences in HMO composition between HIV‐infected and HIV‐uninfected women. The secondary aim was to assess whether the HMO composition in the milk of mothers whose infants were diagnosed with NEC differs from that of mothers whose infants did not develop NEC. This study forms part of a larger clinical trial conducted at the Tygerberg Children's Hospital, Cape Town, South Africa, which recruited HIV‐infected and HIV‐uninfected mothers and their preterm infants (<34 wk gestation$$$ ≥500 and ≤1250 g). Eighty‐two mother‐infant pairs were selected for the substudy. Mother‐infant pairs were stratified according to the mother's HIV (infected/uninfected) and secretor status (secretor/nonsecretor). HMOs in 4‐ and 28‐d postpartum milk samples were analyzed by HPLC and compared between groups. Our results confirm previous reports that HIV‐infected mothers have higher relative abundances of 3'‐sialyllactose in their milk compared with HIV‐uninfected mothers (10.7% vs. 6.8%$$$ P < 0.01). Most intriguingly, the data also indicated that low concentrations of DSLNT in the 4‐d milk samples in the mother's milk increased the infant's risk of NEC (200 ± 126 vs. 345 ± 186 μg/mL$$$ P < 0.05), which is in accordance with results from previously published animal studies and warrants further investigation. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01868737.
Effectiveness of a maternal food based intervention in the 3rd trimester till one month post partum to increase vitamin A intakes through breast milk in early infancy$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Nutritional counseling plus 10 grams of a standardized food preparation of green leafy vegetable (coriander, curry or mint leaves)supplement: Thirty two mothers in the intervention arm will be provided nutritional counseling and also provided with a food supplement containing a concentrated form of green leafy vegetable as a dehydrated powder from 24Â± 1 weeks of gestation till one month post partum. This is prepared by adding spices to a small amount of oil along with the green leafy vegetable so as to remove water through heat treatment to dehydrate it. This is then powdered. The food supplement can be added to rice or to any of the vegetable or legume preparations as a flavouring. The daily dose is packed in sachets and labeled. Every week a field worker will distribute a weekâ??s supply to the mother and ensure compliance. Sachets with amounts not used will be got back and the quantity measured. At one month post partum breast milk vitamin A intake will be estimated using the dose‐to‐mother deuterium dilution technique and the breast milk vitamin A content. Both at baseline at recruitment at 24Â± 1 weeks of gestation and at end line (one month post partum)8 ml of blood will be collected from the mother for estimating serum retinol, zinc pyrophosphate, haemoglobin, serum ferritin and transferrin. Control Intervention1: Nutrition counseling: Thirty two mothers in the control arm will be recruited at 24Â± 1 week of gestation and provided with nutritional counseling for a healthy pregnancy.At one month post partum, the breast milk output will be estimated using the dose‐to‐mother deuterium dilution technique and the breast milk vitamin A content will be analysed. Both at baseline at recruitment at 24Â± 1 weeks of gestation and at end line (one month post partum)8 ml of blood will be collected from mothers for estimating serum retinol, zinc pyrophosphate, haemoglobin, serum ferritin and transferrin. CONDITION: Pregnancy PRIMARY OUTCOME: 1. Quantification of the amount of breast milk output $$$ 2.Total vitamin A content of breast milk (infants total vitamin A intake) will be determined. $$$ ‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 2 times in 4 years SECONDARY OUTCOME: The birth weight and other anthropometric variables will be compared between the two groups. Change in serum retinol will be examined in relation to plasma concentration of CRP. Correlation between maternal serum retinol and iron and zinc status at both time points will be examined. Correlation of serum retinol with breast milk vitamin A one month post partum will also be done.‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 4years INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Women between 18 and 40 years of age 2.Women with less than 4 pregnancies 3.Those with no pregnancy related complications are recruited into the study 4. Women with no history of hypertension, gestational diabetes or diabetes mellitus, heart disease, cancer, kidney disease, tuberculosis, epilepsy, jaundice, thyroid disease, asthma are recruited into the study
Intake of milk with added micronutrients increases the effectiveness of an energy-restricted diet to reduce body weight: a randomized controlled clinical trial in Mexican women$$$ BACKGROUND: Micronutrient deficiencies have been associated with an increase in fat deposition and body weight$$$ thus, adding them to low‐fat milk may facilitate weight loss when accompanied by an energy‐restricted diet. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to evaluate the effect of the intake of low‐fat milk and low‐fat milk with added micronutrients on anthropometrics, body composition, blood glucose levels, lipids profile, C‐reactive protein, and blood pressure of women following an energy‐restricted diet. DESIGN: A 16‐week randomized, controlled intervention study. PARTICIPANTS/SETTINGS: One hundred thirty‐nine obese women (aged 34±6 years) from five rural communities in Querétaro, Mexico. INTERVENTION: Women followed an energy‐restricted diet (‐500 kcal) and received in addition one of the following treatments: 250 mL of low‐fat milk (LFM) three times/day, 250 mL of low‐fat milk with micronutrients (LFM+M) three times/day, or a no milk control group (CON). Weight, height, and hip and waist circumferences were measured at baseline and every 4 weeks. Body composition measured by dual‐energy x‐ray absorptiometry, blood pressure, and blood analysis were done at baseline and at the end of the 16 weeks. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Changes in weight and body composition. STATISTICAL ANALYSIS: One‐factor analysis of variance, adjusted by age, baseline values, and community random effects. RESULTS: After the 16‐week intervention, participants in the LFM+M group lost significantly more weight (‐5.1 kg$$$ 95% CI: ‐6.2 to ‐4.1) compared with LFM (‐3.6 kg$$$ 95% CI: ‐4.7 to ‐2.6) and CON (‐3.2 kg$$$ 95% CI: ‐4.3 to ‐2.2) group members (P=0.035). Body mass index change in the LFM+M group (‐2.3$$$ 95% CI: ‐2.7 to ‐1.8) was significantly greater than LFM group members (‐1.5$$$ 95% CI: ‐2.0 to ‐1.1) and CON group members (‐1.4$$$ 95% CI: ‐1.9 to ‐0.9) (P=0.022). Change in percent body fat among LFM+M group members (‐2.7%$$$ 95% CI: ‐3.2 to ‐2.1) was significantly higher than LFM group members (‐1.8%$$$ 95% CI: ‐2.3 to ‐1.3) and CON group members (‐1.6%$$$ 95% CI: ‐2.2 to ‐1.0) (P=0.019). Change in bone mineral content was significantly higher in LFM group members (29 mg$$$ 95% CI: 15 to 44) and LFM+M group members (27 mg$$$ 95% CI: 13 to 41) compared with CON group members (‐2 mg$$$ 95% CI: ‐17 to ‐14) (P=0.007). No differences were found between groups in glucose level, blood lipid profile, C‐reactive protein level, or blood pressure. CONCLUSIONS: Intake of LFM+M increases the effectiveness of an energy‐restricted diet to treat obesity, but had no effect on blood lipid levels, glucose levels, C‐reactive protein, or blood pressure.
Prevention of gestational diabetes before and during pregnancy, survey in darbhanga, India: role of daily diet leafy green vegetables, fruit, and milk$$$ Background Prospective observational studies suggest that maternal diets rich in leafy green vegetables, milk and fruit may help prevent gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The objective was to test whether increasing women's dietary intake of leafy green vegetables, fruit, and milk before conception and throughout pregnancy reduced their risk of GDM. Methods During 2015‐2018 was a non blinded, individually randomized, controlled trial in women living in slums in the city of Darbhanga, India. The interventions included a daily snack made from leafy green vegetables, fruit, and milk for the treatment group or low‐micronutrient vegetables (e.g., potato and onion) for the control group, in addition to the usual diet. Results for the primary outcome, birth weight, have been reported. Women were invited to take an oral‐glucose‐ tolerance test (OGTT) at 28‐32 wk gestation to screen for GDM (WHO 1999 criteria). The prevalence of GDM was compared between the intervention and control groups, and Kernel density analysis was used to compare distributions of 120‐min plasma glucose concentrations between groups. Results Of 3750 women randomly assigned, 1880 became pregnant$$$ of these, 1014 reached a gestation of 28 wk, 504 (50%) attended for an OGTT, and 50 (9.9%) had GDM. In an intention‐ to‐treat analysis, the prevalence of GDM was reduced in the treatment group (7.5% compared with 11.2% in controls). The reduction in GDM remained significant after adjusting for pre‐pregnancy adiposity and fat or weight gain during pregnancy. Conclusions In low‐income settings, in which women have a low intake of micronutrient‐rich foods, improving dietary micronutrient quality by increasing intake of leafy green vegetables, fruit, and/or milk may have an important protective effect against the development of GDM.
Long-term effects of a carbohydrate-rich diet on fasting blood sugar, lipid profile, and serum insulin values in rural Bengalis$$$ BACKGROUND: The prevalence of Type 2 diabetes is increasing in rural areas of India, where there is also often a lack of health infrastructure. Thus, a proper dietary study with the view of combating diabetes is essential. The aim of the present study was to determine the long‐term effect of a carbohydrate‐rich diet in rural Bengal. METHODS: Volunteers (n = 320) were selected from three villages in Kharagpur and were randomly divided into a control and experimental group (n = 160 in each). The design of the study was such that non‐significant differences in any of the dependent variables were maintainted prior to the application of control or treatment modes. In the control group, volunteers consumed <70% carbohydrate as part of their diet, whereas in the experimental group carbohydrate consumption was >70%. Blood samples from both groups were collected on yearly basis for 5 years and fasting blood sugar (FBS), lipid profile and serum insulin values were analyzed. RESULTS: The blood biochemistry profiles were monitored before the start and at the end of the study. The results indicate that increased intake of carbohydrate causes significant increases in FBS (P < 0.05) and serum insulin (P < 0.05), as well as changes in the lipid profile, particularly triglycerides (P < 0.05) and very low‐density lipoprotein‐cholesterol (VLDL‐C$$$ P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: The effects of increased carbohydrate on FBS, serum insulin, triglycerides and VLDL‐C indicate that a proper nutritional policy needs to be implemented for this population of rural, low‐income Bengalis.
Sustained effects of a protein and lipid preload on glucose tolerance in type 2 diabetes patients$$$ BACKGROUND: Small amounts of nutrients given as a 'preload' can reduce post‐meal hyperglycaemic peaks in type 2 diabetes (T2D) patients by activating a number of mechanisms involved in glucose homoeostasis. This study was undertaken to ascertain whether this positive effect extends to the late absorptive phase and to identify the main mechanisms involved. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Eight well‐controlled T2D patients, aged 40‐70 years, were randomized to consume a 'preload' of either water or non‐glucidic nutrients (50g of Parmesan cheese, one boiled egg) 30min before a 300‐min oral glucose tolerance test. RESULTS: After the nutrient preload, significant reductions were observed in peak glucose (‐49%$$$ P<0.02), total plasma glucose (iAUC: ‐28%$$$ P<0.03), exogenous glucose (iAUC: ‐30%$$$ P<0.03) and insulin clearance (‐28%$$$ P<0.04), with enhancement of insulin secretion (iAUC: +22%$$$ P<0.003). These effects were associated with higher plasma levels of GLP‐1 (iAUC: +463%$$$ P<0.002), GIP (iAUC: +152%$$$ P<0.0003) and glucagon (iAUC: +144%$$$ P<0.0002). CONCLUSION: In T2D patients, a protein and lipid preload improves glucose tolerance throughout the whole post‐absorptive phase mainly by reducing the appearance of oral glucose, and improving both beta‐cell function and insulin bioavailability.
Dietary Intervention to Increase Fruit and Vegetable Consumption in Breastfeeding Women: a Pilot Randomized Trial Measuring Inflammatory Markers in Breast Milk$$$ BACKGROUND: Diets rich in fruits and vegetables (F/V) can reduce the inflammatory profile of circulating cytokines and potentially decrease the risk of breast cancer. However, the extent to which a diet rich in F/V alters cytokine levels in breast tissue remains largely unknown. Breast milk provides a means of assessing concentrations of secreted cytokines in the breast microenvironment and is a potential tool for studying the effects of diet on inflammation in breast tissue and breast cancer risk. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this pilot randomized trial was to test the feasibility of increasing F/V intake in breastfeeding women and of measuring changes in markers of inflammation in breast milk. DESIGN AND INTERVENTION: Participants randomized to the intervention (n=5) were provided weekly boxes of F/V, along with dietary counseling, to increase consumption of F/V to 8 to 10 daily servings for 12 consecutive weeks. Controls (n=5) were directed to the US Department of Agriculture's "ChooseMyPlate" diet for pregnancy and breastfeeding. PARTICIPANTS/SETTING: Ten breastfeeding women consuming fewer than five servings of F/V per day, as estimated by the National Institutes of Health "All‐Day" Fruit and Vegetable Screener (F/V Screener), were recruited through flyers and a lactation consultant between February and May 2016 in the Western Massachusetts area. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Baseline demographic and F/V intake data were collected during enrollment. At week 1 and week 13 (final) home visits, participants provided milk samples and anthropometric measurements were recorded. Participants completed F/V screeners at baseline and at study end. Adiponectin, leptin, C‐reactive protein, and 11 additional cytokines were measured in breast milk collected at weeks 1 and 13. STATISTICAL ANALYSES: F/V consumption at baseline and after the final visit, and between controls and intervention groups, was compared with dependent and independent t tests, respectively. Differences between cytokine levels at weeks 1 and 13 were assessed with a mixed‐effects repeated‐measures model. RESULTS: All women in the intervention increased F/V intake and were consuming more servings than controls by week 13$$$ daily serving of F/V at baseline and final visit: controls=1.6 and 2.0, diet=2.6 and 9.9. Most cytokines were detected in the majority of milk samples: 12 were detected in 90% to 100% of samples, one was detected in 75% of samples, and one was detected in 7.5% of samples$$$ coefficients of variation were below 14% for 11 of the cytokines. CONCLUSIONS: These preliminary findings indicate that it is feasible to significantly increase F/V intake in breastfeeding women and provide support for conducting a larger diet intervention study in breastfeeding women, in which longer‐term benefits of the intervention are assessed.
Effect of milk thistle extract on chronic hepatitis C in patients not responding to interferon-based therapy: a systematic review and pooled analysis$$$ Introduction: Almost 3% of the global population is affected by the chronic hepatitis C (HCV), which is the main cause of cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma. Clinical studies which have evaluated the botanical product milk thistle extracts (MTE) for a variety of liver diseases have yielded inconsistent results and were compromised by lack of well‐defined efficacy end points, in view of the heterogeneous populations with liver disease, the use of nonstandardized milk thistle preparations and limited data available on its dosing and pharmacokinetics. This review and pooled data analysis is to assess the most recent evidence on the efficacy of MTE on chronic hepatitis C in patients who are not responding to interferon‐based therapy. Methods: OBJECTIVE: To determine the effect of MTE on liver disease activity in patients with chronic HCV infection unresponding to interferon‐based therapy, based on randomized clinical trials from January 2007 to June 2006. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The primary outcome measure was serum ALT level and HCV RNA levels. Secondary outcome included quality‐of‐life measures. Results: Comparing treatment with MTE with placebo, one study showed HCV‐RNA declined by 1.32 +/‐ 0.55 log (mean +/‐ SD), P < 0.001.The viral load decrease was dose dependent. MTE was well tolerated and showed a substantial antiviral effect against HCV in nonresponders. Besides mild gastrointestinal symptoms, its monotherapy was well tolerated. However, in other study, the mean decline in serum ALT activity at the end of treatment did not differ significantly (P = 0.75). And there likewise were no signifi‐ cant differences in HCV RNA levels (P = 0.54) or quality‐of‐life measures. The adverse event profile of milk thistle extract was comparable with that of placebo. Conclusion: There is significant heterogeneity in different randomized clinical trials. Different outcome on chronic hepatitis C in non‐responders maybe the consequence of MTE treatment regimen variation.
Prenatal and postnatal milk supplementation and adult insulin-like growth factor I: long-term follow-up of a randomized controlled trial$$$ OBJECTIVE: Insulin‐like growth factors (IGF) are increasingly recognized as important determinants of adult health, in particular risk of certain cancers. However, little is known about the determinants of adult IGFs and to what degree they may be programmed by early life influences. DESIGN: Randomized controlled trial of prenatal and postnatal milk supplementation among 951 subjects born in 1972 to 1974 in South Wales. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Measures of IGF‐I, IGF binding protein 3, and the molar ratio. RESULTS: Data on adult IGFs were available from 663 subjects at a mean age of 25 years. Subjects in the intervention arm had lower IGF‐I (‐8.5 ng/mL$$$ 95% confidence interval, ‐15.1 to ‐1.8, P = 0.01) and ratio (‐1.20$$$ 95% confidence interval, ‐2.33 to ‐0.04, P = 0.04). These differences could not be explained by follow‐up bias or confounding factors. CONCLUSIONS: These results provide experimental data on the role of early life programming either in the intrauterine or postnatal period that may have long‐term influences on the IGF axis, with potential implications for disease risk.
Improvement of green tea polyphenol with milk on skin with respect to antioxidation in healthy adults: a double-blind placebo-controlled randomized crossover clinical trial$$$ Green tea polyphenols (GTP) have been widely tested for their effects on several metabolic syndromes and degenerative diseases such as cancer, cardiovascular diseases, and diabetes. The present study was formulated to assess the physiological efficacy of green tea polyphenol infused with milk (GTPM) on skin integrity in correlation with antioxidative status in healthy adults. Forty‐four healthy voluntary subjects were recruited and assigned to two groups, who drank 240 ml of mineral water mixed with either an experimental (GTPM) or placebo package (2 packs per day) for the following 6 months. The experimental group then switched to the placebo package, and vice versa, for a further 6 months, with one month of washout period in between. During the initial, 3(rd), 6(th), 10(th), and 13(th) month anthropometric measurements were performed and fasting blood samples were withdrawn for various biochemical assays. Skin examination was performed at the initial, 6(th) and 13(th) month. No significant alterations were observed in any of the anthropometric measurements. Administration of GTPM significantly increased (p < 0.05) the antioxidant index and antioxidant enzyme activities when compared with the placebo group, whereas a concomitant decrease in the levels of lipid peroxidation were noted. Moreover, GTPM intake notably improved skin integrity and texture by markedly lowering (p < 0.05) skin wrinkles and roughness in elderly subjects. GTPM proved to be an effective antioxidant by lowering oxidative stress and thereby ameliorating skin texture and integrity.
A short-term intervention trial with selenate, selenium-enriched yeast and selenium-enriched milk: effects on oxidative defence regulation$$$ Increased Se intakes have been associated with decreased risk of cancer and CVD. Several mechanisms have been proposed, including antioxidant effects through selenoproteins, induction of carcinogen metabolism and effects on the blood lipid profile. In a 4 x 1 week randomised, double‐blind cross‐over study, healthy young men supplemented their usual diet with selenate, Se‐enriched yeast, Se‐enriched milk or placebo (Se dose was 300 microg/d for selenate and Se‐enriched yeast, and about 480 microg/d for Se‐enriched milk) followed by 8‐week washout periods. All Se sources increased serum Se levels after supplementation for 1 week. The effect of the organic forms did not differ significantly and both increased serum Se more than selenate. Conversely, thrombocyte glutathione peroxidase (GPX) was increased in the periods where subjects were supplemented with selenate but not in those where they were given Se‐enriched yeast or Se‐enriched milk. We found no effect on plasma lipid resistance to oxidation, total cholesterol, TAG, HDL‐ and LDL‐cholesterol, GPX, glutathione reductase (GR) and glutathione S‐transferase (GST) activities measured in erythrocytes, GPX and GR activities determined in plasma, or GR and GST activities in thrombocytes. Leucocyte expression of genes encoding selenoproteins (GPX1, TrR1 and SelP), and of electrophile response element‐regulated genes (GCLC, Fra1 and NQO1) were likewise unaffected at all time points following intervention. We conclude that thrombocyte GPX is specifically increased by short‐term selenate supplementation, but not by short‐term supplementation with organic Se. Short‐term Se supplementation does not seem to affect blood lipid markers or expression and activity of selected enzymes and a transcription factor involved in glutathione‐mediated detoxification and antioxidation.
Camel milk with pegylated interferon Alfa-2a and ribavirin for treatment-naive chronic hepatitis C genotype 2/ 3: an open-label, randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Chronic hepatitis C is one of the most important causes of cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). Camel milk (CM) is a new candidate therapy for chronic hepatitis C (CHC). Objectives: The present study assessed the safety and efficacy of pegylated interferon alfa‐2a and ribavirin with CM (CM + Peg IFN/RBV) and without CM (Peg IFN/RBV) in CHC genotype 2/3 infections. Methods: This study was an open‐label, randomized, phase 2 trial. Sampling strategy and date was computer‐generated randomization. The researchers randomly selected 45 adult patients (ages > 18 years), who were treatment‐naive with CHC infection (noncirrhotic) to receive Peg IFN/RBV with standard‐dose alone (group A, n = 23), CM+ Peg IFN/RBV: 500 cc orally per day (group B, n = 22) for 24 weeks in Iran. The primary efficacy outcomes were early virological response (EVR12) and end‐of‐treatment response (ETR24), the secondary efficacy outcome was sustained virological response (SVR24), and the safety outcomes were adverse events and laboratory tests at end‐treatment to assess. Results: The EVR12 was 60% (12/20), ETR24 90% (18/20), and SVR24 100% (18/18) of CM + Peg IFN/RBV therapy. The EVR12 was 15% (3/20), ETR24 70% (14/20), and SVR24 rates were 71% (10/14) in Peg IFN/RBV therapy (P < 0.05). Rates of discontinuation due to adverse events were 8.6% (2/23) in control and no discontinuation in intervention group. The most common adverse events were fatigue, anemia, and insomnia. Conclusions: Combination of CM with Peg IFN/RBV for 48 weeks showed significant improvements in the viral response and decreased adverse effects in CHC genotype 2/3 (P < 0.05). The data of the study supported the CM synergistic antiviral activity of Peg IFN/RBV. Large clinical trials are needed to confirm the results.
A double blind, placebo-controlled, randomized clinical trial that breast milk derived-Lactobacillus gasseri BNR17 mitigated diarrhea-dominant irritable bowel syndrome$$$ The exact pathogenesis of diarrhea‐dominant irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) is not known, but the abnormal microbiota of the gastrointestinal tract is considered to be one of the important contributing factors as in other gastrointestinal diseases such as inflammatory bowel disease, antibiotic‐associated diarrhea, and colorectal cancer as well as systemic diseases. Though diverse trials of probiotics had been continued in the treatment of diarrhea‐IBS, only a few proved by randomized clinical trial. To prove the efficacy of Lactobacillus gasseri BNR17 isolated from breast milk in patients with diarrhea‐IBS, prospective, randomized, placebo controlled clinical trial was done including health related‐quality of life analysis, colon transit time, and the changes of fecal micro biota. BNR17 significantly improved the symptoms of diarrhea compared to control group. Health related‐QOL analysis showed significant improvement of abdominal pain, distension, disturbed daily life, and mean defecation frequency with BNR17. On comparative CTT before and after BNR17, 6 out of 24 subjects showed significant correction of rapid colon transit pattern, while only 2 out of 24 in placebo (p<0.01). Upon fecal microbiota analysis, BNR17 significantly increased B. fecalis, E. rectale, C. aerofaciens, F. prausnitzil and B. steroris. Conclusively, Lactobacillus gasseri BNR17 can be a potential probiotics to ameliorate diarrhea‐IBS.
A clinical trial to compare the effect of two traditional breast stimulation techniques on quantity of expressed breast milk among mothers of newborn admitted in NICU$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Breast Massage: Breast massage is used as an adjuvant to breast milk expression by conventional breast pumping. The breast massage is given to both breasts of the participants simultaneously over 10 minutes. The massage is given in steps following each other which includes positioning , Massaging base of the breast tissue, massaging grandular tissue , stroking and shaking . All movements in each steps will be gentle and friction less to ensure no discomfort to the participants. The bassage is provided in gentle movements keeping breast in between palm of the investigator and the stroke is given from base to tip. The steps of interventions are duely validated and found appropriate by the experts in the field . Intervention2: Warm compress: Warm Compress is given as an adjuvant to breast milk expression by conventional breast pumping. Warm moist compress at a temp between41‐ 43 degree Celcius will be applied to both breast simultaneously over 10 minutes using a sponge cloth dipped in warm water. The temperature of the water will be maintained with the help of a lotion thermometer. Control Intervention1: Not applicable: Not Applicable CONDITION: PRIMARY OUTCOME: Volume of expressed breast milk in mlTimepoint: 8 hours SECONDARY OUTCOME: breast milk expression experience assessed by breast milk expression experience measureTimepoint: 8 hrs Nipple painTimepoint: 8 hrs Quality of breast milk in terms of esterified fat contents assessed by crematocrit methodTimepoint: 8 hrs INCLUSION CRITERIA: â?¢ Mother of neonate who is admitted in NICU. â?¢ Mother of neonate who is in 3 to 14 days of post partum period. â?¢ Mother of neonate who is exclusively fed on expressed breast milk. â?¢ Mother who is not having any complication during puerperium. â?¢ Mother who is on routine ante natal and post natal drugs such as supplements of iron ,folic acid, calcium, analgesics , and routine antibiotics and obstetric drugs as per hospital policy.
Acute Metabolic Response in Adults to Toddler Milk Formulas with Alternating Higher and Lower Protein and Fat Contents, a Randomized Cross-Over Trial$$$ Protein intake in early life influences metabolism, weight gain, and later obesity risk. As such, a better understanding of the effects of protein intake on the postprandial metabolism and its dynamics over time may elucidate underlying mechanisms. In a randomized crossover study, we observed fasted adults who consumed two isocaloric toddler milk formulas concentrated as meals of 480 kcal with 67 g of carbohydrates 30 g (HP) or 7 g (LP) protein, and 10 g or 20 g fat, respectively. Anthropometry and body plethysmography were assessed, and blood samples collected at baseline and over five hours. Time‐specific concentrations, areas under concentration curves (AUC), and maximum values of metabolites were compared by paired t‐tests to examine the effects of protein content of toddler milks on postprandial plasma concentrations of insulin, glucose, branched‐chain amino acids (BCAA), urea and triglycerides. Twenty‐seven men and women aged 26.7 � 5.0 years (BMI: 22.2 � 2.5 kg/m2) (mean � SD) participated. BCAA AUC, and Cmax values were significantly higher with HP than LP (144,765 � 21,221 vs. 97,089 � 14,650 �mol min/L, p < 0.001$$$ 656 � 120 vs. 407 � 66 �mol/L, p < 0.001), as were insulin AUC and Cmax values (6674 � 3013 vs. 5600 � 2423 �mol min/L, p = 0.005$$$ 71 � 37 vs. 55 � 28 �mol /L, p = 0.001). Higher glucose, urea, and triglyceride concentrations occurred in the late postprandial phase (?180 min) with HP. In conclusion, we noted that higher milk protein intake induces increased postprandial BCAA concentrations for at least 5 h and led to higher initial insulin secretion. Gluconeogenesis due to an influx of amino acids and their degradation after HP meal might explain the late effects of protein intake on glucose and in‐sulin.
Consumption of goat milk associated with an elevated lactoferrin level and a lower risk of abdominal obesity in middle-aged adults with lactose intolerance$$$ INTERVENTION: Experimental Other,Experimental Other,Experimental Other,Active Comparator Other Goat milk,Goat milk with curcumin,Goat milk with coffee,Lactose free oral administration of 40 g Goat milk powder for 5 weeks,oral administration of 40 g Goat milk powder mixed with 0.025 g curcumin powder for 5 weeks,oral administration of 40 g Goat milk powder mixed with 0.025 g coffee powder for 5 weeks,oral administration of 46.5 g lactose‐free milk powder (isocaloric) for 5 weeks CONDITION: Changes in health parameters of adults with lactose intolerance $$$ lactose intolerance$$$ goat milk lactose intolerance$$$ goat milk PRIMARY OUTCOME: Changes in participants health after completion of the intervention at 6 months after end of the intervention Anthropometric assessment and biochemical assessment SECONDARY OUTCOME: Changes in participants dietary pattern after completion of the intervention at 6 months after end of the intervention dietary assessment INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Thai Men and women aged 40‐60 years 2. Men and women with lactose intolerance 3. Able to read, write and communicate in Thai 4. Voluntarily participate in the study
The efficacy of camel milk and Tarangabin (manna of Alhagi maurorum(combination therapy on glomerular filtration rate in patients with chronic kidney disease: a randomized controlled trial$$$ Objective: This study was designed to investigate the effect of camel milk and Tarangabin (manna of Alhagi maurorum) combination therapy in addition to conventional treatments in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). Materials and Methods: Forty‐four patients of 15 to 70 years old, with CKD due to hypertension or diabetes, and estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) of 15‐60 ml/min per 1.73 m2, were enrolled in this trial. The patients were randomized to receive either 400 cc of camel milk with 10 cc of Tarangabin syrup orally in two divided daily doses for 3 months plus conventional therapy or conventional therapy alone. The conventional treatment included diabetes medications and angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors or angiotensin receptor blockers. Results: The baseline characteristics of patients were similar in the two groups. Serum levels of creatinine (p=0.01), blood levels of urea nitrogen (p=0.0001), triglyceride (p=0.02), and potassium (p=0.05), and diastolic blood pressure (p=0.0001) decreased, while eGFR (p=0.001) improved in intervention group significantly. Conclusion: It seems that the therapeutic protocol used in this study can improve renal function in patients with CKD through regulating glucose and anti‐inflammatory, laxative, and immunostimulatory properties.
Ile-Pro-Pro and Val-Pro-Pro tripeptide-containing milk product has acute blood pressure lowering effects in mildly hypertensive subjects$$$ Casein‐derived tripeptides isoleucine‐proline‐proline (Ile‐Pro‐Pro) and valine‐proline‐proline (Val‐Pro‐Pro) lower blood pressure (BP) in long‐term clinical studies. Their acute effects on BP and vascular function, important for daily dosing scheme, were studied in a placebo‐controlled double‐blind crossover study using a single oral dose of a fermented milk product containing Ile‐Pro‐Pro and Val‐Pro‐Pro as well as plant sterols. Twenty‐five subjects with untreated mild hypertension received in random order 250 g of study product (25 mg peptides and 2 g plant sterols) or placebo. Ambulatory BP was monitored for 8 h post‐dose and arterial stiffness measured by pulse wave analysis at 2, 4, and 8 h. Blood and urine samples were analyzed for markers of the renin‐angiotensin system (RAS) and endothelial function. Baseline adjusted treatment effect for systolic blood pressure (SBP), diastolic blood pressure (DBP), and mean arterial BP was ‐2.1 mmHg (95% CI: ‐4.1 to ‐0.1, p = 0.045), ‐1.6 mmHg (95% CI: ‐3.1 to ‐0.1, p = 0.03), and ‐1,9 mmHg (95% CI: ‐3‐3 to ‐0.4, p = 0.0093), respectively, in favor of the active treatment for 8 h post‐ dose. No significant differences between the treatments were seen in brachial or aortic augmentation index, pulse wave velocity, or markers of RAS. Urinary excretion of cGMP, the second messenger of endothelial nitric oxide, was higher in the active group vs. placebo (p = 0.01). The results indicate that a single dose of a fermented milk product containing Ile‐Pro‐Pro and Val‐Pro‐Pro and plant sterols acutely lowers brachial SBP and DBP in mildly hypertensive subjects.
Human in vivo study of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system and the sympathetic activity after 8 weeks daily intake of fermented milk$$$ OBJECTIVE: Milk fermented by lactic acid bacteria is suggested to have antihypertensive effect in humans. In vitro and animal studies have established an angiotensin‐converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor effect of peptides in fermented milk. However, other modes of action must be considered, because until today no human studies have confirmed an ACE inhibition in relation to the intake of fermented milk. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We undertook a double‐blinded randomized placebo‐controlled study including 94 borderline‐hypertensive persons to study the effect on human physiology of Lactobacillus helveticus fermented milk. The subjects were randomized into three groups: Cardi04‐300 ml, Cardi04‐150 ml or placebo. All components of the renin‐angiotensin‐aldosterone system were measured several times. Sympathetic activity was estimated by plasma noradrenaline and cardiovascular response to head‐up tilt at baseline and after 8 weeks of intervention. RESULTS: No ACE inhibition of the fermented milk was demonstrated, as none of the components of the renin‐angiotensin‐aldosteron system changed. Plasma noradrenaline response to tilt test after intervention stayed unchanged between groups (P = 0.38), but declined in the group Cardi04‐300 from 2.01 +/‐ 0.93 nmol l(‐1) at baseline to 1.49 +/‐ 0.74 nmol l(‐1) after 8 weeks (P = 0.002). There was no change in 24‐h ambulatory blood pressure or heart rate between groups. CONCLUSIONS: Despite a known ACE inhibitory effect in vitro and in animals, milk fermented with Lb. helveticus did not inhibit ACE in humans. Our results suggest that the intake of fermented milk decreases sympathetic activity, although not to an extent mediating reductions of blood pressure and heart rate in borderline‐hypertensive subjects.
The efficacy of camel milk and Tarangabin (manna of Alhagi maurorum( combination therapy on glomerular filtration rate in patients with chronic kidney disease: a randomized controlled trial$$$ OBJECTIVE: This study was designed to investigate the effect of camel milk and Tarangabin (manna of Alhagi maurorum) combination therapy in addition to conventional treatments in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). MATERIALS AND METHODS: Forty‐four patients of 15 to 70 years old, with CKD due to hypertension or diabetes, and estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) of 15‐60 ml/min per 1.73 m2, were enrolled in this trial. The patients were randomized to receive either 400 cc of camel milk with 10 cc of Tarangabin syrup orally in two divided daily doses for 3 months plus conventional therapy or conventional therapy alone. The conventional treatment included diabetes medications and angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors or angiotensin receptor blockers. RESULTS: The baseline characteristics of patients were similar in the two groups. Serum levels of creatinine (p=0.01), blood levels of urea nitrogen (p=0.0001), triglyceride (p=0.02), and potassium (p=0.05), and diastolic blood pressure (p=0.0001) decreased, while eGFR (p=0.001) improved in intervention group significantly. CONCLUSION: It seems that the therapeutic protocol used in this study can improve renal function in patients with CKD through regulating glucose and anti‐inflammatory, laxative, and immunostimulatory properties.
The effect of soy protein beverages on serum cell adhesion molecule concentrations in prehypertensive/stage 1 hypertensive individuals$$$ OBJECTIVE: Prehypertensive and hypertensive individuals are at increased risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (CVD), in part because hypertension contributes to endothelial dysfunction and increased cell adhesion molecule expression. Soy protein and isoflavones may favorably alter CVD risk factors, and hence the aim of this study was to determine whether intake of cow's milk compared with soy beverage prepared from whole soy bean (WSB) or soy protein isolate (SPI) would lower soluble cell adhesion molecule concentrations as a means of decreasing CVD risk. METHODS: We enrolled healthy prehypertensive/stage 1 hypertensive men (n = 60$$$ 18‐63 years) and premenopausal women (n = 8$$$ 20‐48 years). Participants were randomized to 1 of 3 groups for 8 weeks: cow's milk (600 mL/d), SPI beverage (840 mL/d$$$ 30.1 mg total isoflavones/d), or WSB beverage (840 mL/d$$$ 91.4 mg total isoflavones/d). We measured soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule‐1 (VCAM‐1), intercellular cell adhesion molecule‐1 (ICAM‐1), and endothelial‐leukocyte adhesion molecule‐1 (E‐selectin) concentrations at baseline and week 8. RESULTS: Soluble CAM concentrations were not altered by treatment and did not differ between prehypertensive and hypertensive participants. However, analysis of variance indicated a treatment × gender interaction (gender effect) for ICAM‐1 (p = 0.0037) but not for E‐selectin (p = 0.067) or VCAM‐1 (p = 0.16). Men had higher concentrations of ICAM‐1 and E‐selectin, respectively, at baseline (p = 0.0071, p = 0.049) and week 8 (p = 0.0054, p = 0.038) than women did. CONCLUSION: Neither intake of cow's milk nor soy beverage for 8 weeks altered soluble CAM concentrations in prehypertensive/stage 1 hypertensive individuals, suggesting that neither type of beverage diminished atherosclerotic CVD risk in mildly hypertensive individuals by way of improving circulating CAM concentrations.
Quality of life and diet intervention in individuals at risk for recurrence of colorectal adenomas$$$ The effect of participation in a diet intervention study on self‐reported quality of life (QOL) with subjects at risk of recurrence of colorectal adenomas was explored in 77 men and women, aged 18‐80 years, with a history of adenomatous polyps. Participants were randomly assigned to intervention and control groups and followed for 1 year. Dietary goals for the intervention group included reduced intake of fat and increased intakes of fiber, calcium, and vegetables and fruit. Diet counseling was provided by telephone. Anthropometric measurements were obtained and dietary intakes were assessed at baseline and 6 and 12 months. The quality of life factors questionnaire (QF), designed to explore the absolute effects of the diet intervention on participants' perceived QOL, was administered at baseline and study end. Based on repeated 24‐h dietary recalls, the intervention group reported significantly higher consumption of vegetables, fruit, low‐fat dairy products, fiber, and calcium at 12 months. There were no significant differences in total QF scores for the two groups at study end, and no significant changes within groups between baseline and study end. Findings suggest that even though the intervention participants made significant modifications in their eating behavior, these changes did not impact their perceived QOL negatively.
Effect of a hypocaloric diet, increased protein intake and resistance training on lean mass gains and fat mass loss in overweight police officers$$$ We compare the effects of a moderate hypocaloric, high‐protein diet and resistance training, using two different protein supplements, versus hypocaloric diet alone on body compositional changes in overweight police officers. A randomized, prospective 12‐week study was performed comparing the changes in body composition produced by three different treatment modalities in three study groups. One group (n = 10) was placed on a nonlipogenic, hypocaloric diet alone (80% of predicted needs). A second group (n = 14) was placed on the hypocaloric diet plus resistance exercise plus a high‐protein intake (1.5 g/kg/day) using a casein protein hydrolysate. In the third group (n = 14) treatment was identical to the second, except for the use of a whey protein hydrolysate. We found that weight loss was approximately 2.5 kg in all three groups. Mean percent body fat with diet alone decreased from a baseline of 27 +/‐ 1.8 to 25 +/‐ 1.3% at 12 weeks. With diet, exercise and casein the decrease was from 26 +/‐ 1.7 to 18 +/‐ 1.1% and with diet, exercise and whey protein the decrease was from 27 +/‐ 1.6 to 23 +/‐ 1.3%. The mean fat loss was 2. 5 +/‐ 0.6, 7.0 +/‐ 2.1 and 4.2 +/‐ 0.9 kg in the three groups, respectively. Lean mass gains in the three groups did not change for diet alone, versus gains of 4 +/‐ 1.4 and 2 +/‐ 0.7 kg in the casein and whey groups, respectively. Mean increase in strength for chest, shoulder and legs was 59 +/‐ 9% for casein and 29 +/‐ 9% for whey, a significant group difference. This significant difference in body composition and strength is likely due to improved nitrogen retention and overall anticatabolic effects caused by the peptide components of the casein hydrolysate.
Healthy nordic diet and metabolic syndrome-the sysdiet study$$$ Introduction: Metabolic syndrome is a cluster of cardiometabolic risk factors associated with central obesity. It predicts the development of type 2 diabetes and increases the risk of atherosclerotic vascular diseases. Lifestyle changes form the cornerstone for the prevention and treatment of metabolic syndrome. Different dietary patterns have been suggested for the management of cardiometabolic disorders. Among these, the traditional Mediterranean diet has been most extensively studied. Objective and study design: The randomized Sysdiet study (N=166) was aimed to examine the effects of a healthy Nordic diet on cardiometabolic risk factors and low grade inflammation in individuals with features of metabolic syndrome. The study with 18 to 24 weeks duration was performed in six Nordic centers in Denmark, Finland, Iceland and Sweden. In order to keep body weight unchanged the diet was isocaloric. It consisted of Nordic choices for healthy diet$$$ rapeseed oil, soft margarine, Nordic berries, fruits, vegetables, 3 fish meals a week, whole grain products and low fat dairy products. Intakes of sugar and salt were restricted according to Nordic dietary recommendations. Control group followed an average Nordic diet with lower fiber intake, but higher intake of e.g. saturated fats. Both diets were monitored with food records and dietary biomarkers. Results$$$ The healthy Nordic diet resulted in better lipid and lipoprotein profile and lowered IL‐1 Ra level as compared to control diet, but there were no differences in changes of glucose metabolism or office blood pressure between the groups. Better adherence to healthy Nordic diet was associated with more beneficial changes in serum lipids and blood pressure. Ambulatory blood pressure was lowered by healthy Nordic diet. Conclusion: Healthy Nordic diet results in substantial improvement in serum lipid profile and low grade inflammation, and seems to reduce blood pressure.
Predictive model for vitamin C levels in hyperinsulinemic individuals based on age, sex, waist circumference, low-density lipoprotein, and immune-associated serum proteins$$$ Vitamin C (ascorbic acid) is an important water‐soluble antioxidant associated with decreased oxidative stress in type 2 diabetes (T2D) patients. A previous targeted plasma proteomic study has indicated that ascorbic acid is associated with markers of the immune system in healthy subjects. However, the association between the levels of ascorbic acid and blood biomarkers in subjects at risk of developing T2D is still unknown. Serum ascorbic acid was measured by ultra‐performance liquid chromatography and serum proteins were quantified by untargeted liquid‐chromatography mass spectrometry in 25 hyperinsulinemia subjects that were randomly assigned a high dairy intake diet or an adequate dairy intake diet for 6 weeks, then crossed‐over after a 6‐week washout period. Spearman correlation followed by gene ontology analyses were performed to identify biological pathways associated with ascorbic acid. Finally, machine learning analysis was performed to obtain a specific serum protein signature that could predict ascorbic acid levels. After adjustments for waist circumference, LDL, HDL, fasting insulin, fasting blood glucose, age, gender, and dairy intake$$$ serum ascorbic acid correlated positively with different aspects of the immune system. Machine learning analysis indicated that a signature composed of 21 features that included 17 proteins (mainly from the immune system), age, sex, waist circumference, and LDL could predict serum ascorbic acid levels in hyperinsulinemia subjects. In conclusion, the result reveals a correlation as well as modulation between serum ascorbic acid levels and proteins that play vital roles in regulating different aspects of the immune response in individuals at risk of T2D. The development of a predictive signature for ascorbic acid will further help the assessment of ascorbic acid status in clinical settings.
Dietary patterns associated with blood pressure in a clinical sample of overweight adults volunteering for a weight loss trial$$$ Introduction: Dietary patterns analysis has recently been recommended in nutritional epidemiology to establish relationships between diet and chronic diseases. The aim of this study was to explore the association between dietary patterns and blood pressure (BP) in a sample of overweight adults volunteering for a weight loss trial. Methods: Secondary analysis of baseline data from the 12month HealthTrack randomised controlled trial (n=328, mean age: 43.6±8.0yrs$$$ mean BMI:324±4.2kg/m2) was conducted. Resting BP was measured (mean systolic BP(SBP)/diastolic BP(DBP): 124.9±14.5/73.3±9.9mmHg). Dietary intake was assessed using 4days food records. Principal component analysis (PCA) was applied to derive dietary patterns from the AUSNUT 2011‐2013 major food groups. Multiple regression analysis was performed to assess the association between the extracted dietary patterns and BP. Results: Six principal components were derived explaining 46% of the total variance. Component 1 was characterized by the consumption of seeds/nuts, fruit, fish, and confectionery$$$ component 2 by consumption of non‐alcoholic beverages, milk, and meat$$$ component 3 by intake of snacks and cereal based products and dishes$$$ component 4 by intake of cereals and cereal products, and fats and oils$$$ component 5 by alcohol, eggs, and legumes and component 6 by savoury sauces and condiments. After adjusting for age, sex, BMI and hypertension medication, component 1 was significantly and inversely associated with lower SBP (F(5,322)=20.161, p<0.0005$$$ adjusted R2=0.227) and DBP (F(5,322)=23.529, p<0.0005$$$ adjusted R2=0.256). Conclusions, discussion and/or practical application: A dietary pattern characterised by a high intake of seeds/nuts, fruit, fish and confectionery is inversely associated with both SBP and DBP in a clinical sample of overweight adults. Limitations of the study include the subjective nature of the PCA method to extract dietary components. Greater understanding of the relationship between dietary intake and BP may help inform clinical practice in the management of high BP. Conflict of interests: The authors of this document can confirm there is no conflict of interests.
Effect of different protein diets on glucose and insulin metabolism and substrate partitioning$$$ INTERVENTION: 1. 15% dairy protein and low GI 2. 25% dairy protein and low GI 3. 15% vegetable protein and low GI 4. 15% dairy protein and high GI (specific details of the diet in appendix) CONDITION: 10018424 $$$ diabetes $$$ obesity PRIMARY OUTCOME: 24 hr glycemic control $$$ insulin $$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: substrate partitioning, hunger and satiety questionnaires, FFA, CRP, leptin, $$$ TG, CCK, GLP‐1, adiponectin, ghrelin, glucagon, IL‐6, TNFalpha, MCP‐1, IL‐1, $$$ IL‐8, s‐ICAM and s‐VCAM $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: Healthy men BMI between 18.5 ‐ 25 kg/m2 Jounger than 35 years old
One egg a day does not increase the risk for cardiovascular disease in diabetic patients$$$ Diabetic patients (15 women/7 men) recruited from Hospital Chavez in Hermosillo, Mexico were given two distinct breakfasts to assess effects of egg intake on plasma lipids in this high risk population. Patients were randomized to consume either 1/2 cup of oatmeal with one cup of lactose‐free milk or 1 egg per day for 5 wk. Following a 3‐wk washout period, they were allocated to the alternate breakfast. Blood was collected at the end of each period to assess plasma lipid profiles. At baseline, individuals had high triglycerides (TG) (174 ± 62 mg/dL), low LDL cholesterol (LDL‐C) (59 ± 15mg/dL) and low HDL cholesterol (HDL‐C) (37.7 ± 7.6 mg/dL). Most of the patients were taking reductase inhibitors. In men, eating one egg/day resulted in no changes in plasma triglycerides, HDL‐C, LDL‐C or LDL/HDL ratio when compared to the oatmeal breakfast. In contrast, women experienced decreases in plasma TG (P< 0.025) and increases in LDL‐C (P < 0.025) with no changes in HDL‐C. However, the values observed in women following egg intake were still well below the recommended values for LDL‐C (< 100 mg/dL) for patients at risk for heart disease. These results suggest that for diabetic men or women consumption of one egg per day did not negatively impact the already existing dyslipidemias (low HDL and high TG).
Extra-Virgin Olive Oil Reduces Glycemic Response to a High-Glycemic Index Meal in Patients With Type 1 Diabetes: a Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate whether fat quality, in the context of meals with high‐ (HGI) or low‐glycemic index (LGI), influences postprandial blood glucose (PPG) response in patients with type 1 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: According to a randomized crossover design, 13 patients with type 1 diabetes on insulin pump consumed two series (HGI or LGI) of meals with the same carbohydrate quantity while differing for amount and quality of fat: 1) low in fat ("low fat"), 2) high in saturated fat (butter), or 3) high in monounsaturated fat (extra‐virgin olive oil) (EVOO). Premeal insulin doses were based on insulin‐to‐glycemic load ratios. Continuous glucose monitoring was performed and 6‐h PPG evaluated. RESULTS: PPG was significantly different between HGI and LGI meals (P = 0.005 for time × glycemic index interaction by repeated‐measures analysis [RMA]), being significantly higher during the first 3 h after the HGI meals with a later tendency to an opposite pattern. In the context of HGI meals, PPG was significantly lower after EVOO than after low fat or butter (P < 0.0001 for time × meal interaction by RMA), with a marked difference in the 0‐ to 3‐h glucose incremental area under the curve between EVOO (mean ± SD 198 ± 274 mmol/L × 180 min) and either low fat (416 ± 329) or butter (398 ± 355) (P < 0.05). No significant differences were observed in PPG between the three LGI meals. CONCLUSIONS: Carbohydrate quality of a mixed meal influences shape and extent of PPG. Besides, using EVOO in a HGI meal attenuates the early postprandial glucose response observed when this meal is consumed with either low fat or butter. Therefore, an optimal prandial insulin administration would require considering, in addition to the quantity of carbohydrates, the quality of both carbohydrate and fat.
Exclusive breastfeeding for 4 versus 6 months and growth in early childhood$$$ Aim To investigate the growth and the prevalence of overweight in early childhood among infants exclusively breastfed for 6 months (EBF) compared with those receiving complementary foods from 4 months of age in addition to breast milk (CF). Methods A total of 119 mother‐infant pairs were randomised either in the CF or in the EBF group. Weight, length and head circumference of the infants were measured at birth, 6 weeks, and 3‐6 months of age. In the follow‐up, the children's weight, length and head circumference were measured at 8, 10, 12 and 18 months and weight and height at 29‐38 months. Results There were no differences between groups in the anthropometric outcome measures of weight‐for‐age (p = 0.78), length‐for‐age (p = 0.59), head‐circumference‐for‐age (p = 0.82) and BMI‐for‐age (p = 0.61), using repeated measurements ANOVA. Furthermore, no difference was seen in the prevalence between groups in risk of being overweight or in those who were overweight at 18 months and 29‐38 months of age. Conclusion Exclusive breastfeeding for the first 4 or 6 months of life does not seem to affect the risk of being overweight or the prevalence of those who were overweight in early childhood. © 2013 Foundation Acta Pædiatrica. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Dietary diversity and nutritional adequacy among an older Spanish population with metabolic syndrome in the PREDIMED-plus study: a cross-sectional analysis$$$ Dietary guidelines emphasize the importance of a varied diet to provide an adequate nutrient intake. However, an older age is often associated with consumption of monotonous diets that can be nutritionally inadequate, increasing the risk for the development or progression of diet‐related chronic diseases, such as metabolic syndrome (MetS). To assess the association between dietary diversity (DD) and nutrient intake adequacy and to identify demographic variables associated with DD, we cross‐sectionally analyzed baseline data from the PREDIMED‐Plus trial: 6587 Spanish adults aged 55‐75 years, with overweight/obesity who also had MetS. An energy‐adjusted dietary diversity score (DDS) was calculated using a 143‐item validated semi‐quantitative food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). Nutrient inadequacy was defined as an intake below 2/3 of the dietary reference intake (DRI) forat least four of 17 nutrients proposed by the Institute of Medicine (IOM). Logistic regression models were used to evaluate the association between DDS and the risk of nutritionally inadequate intakes. In the higher DDS quartile there were more women and less current smokers. Compared with subjects in the highest DDS quartile, those in the lowest DDS quartile had a higher risk of inadequate nutrient intake: odds ratio (OR) = 28.56 (95% confidence interval (CI) 20.80‐39.21). When we estimated food varietyfor each of the food groups, participants in the lowest quartile had a higher risk of inadequate nutrient intake for the groups of vegetables, OR = 14.03 (95% CI 10.55‐18.65), fruits OR = 11.62 (95% CI 6.81‐19.81), dairy products OR = 6.54 (95% CI 4.64‐9.22) and protein foods OR = 6.60 (95% CI 1.96‐22.24). As DDS decreased, the risk of inadequate nutrients intake rose. Given the impact of nutrient intake adequacy on the prevention of non‐communicable diseases, health policies should focus on the promotion of a healthy varied diet, specifically promoting the intake of vegetables and fruit among population groups with lower DDS such as men, smokers or widow(er)s.
Effects of soy protein isolate consumption on prostate cancer biomarkers in men with HGPIN, ASAP, and low-grade prostate cancer$$$ Fifty‐eight men at high risk of prostate cancer or with low‐grade prostate cancer were randomly assigned to consume 1 of 3 protein isolates containing 40 g protein: 1) soy protein (SPI+, 107 mg isoflavones/d)$$$ 2) alcohol‐washed soy protein (SPI‐, <6 mg isoflavones/d)$$$ or 3) milk protein (MPI). Proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA), epidermal growth factor receptor, B‐cell non‐Hodgkin lymphoma‐2 (Bcl‐2), and Bcl‐2‐associated X protein (Bax) were assessed in baseline and ending prostate biopsy cores. Serum collected at 0, 3, and 6 mo was analyzed for total and free prostate specific antigen (PSA). Consumption of SPI+ did not alter any of the prostate cancer tumor markers. Bax expression decreased from baseline in the SPI‐ group, resulting in lower Bax expression than the MPI group. PCNA expression also decreased from baseline in the SPI‐ group, but this was not different from the other 2 groups. PSA did not differ among the groups at 3 or 6 mo. Interestingly, a lower rate of prostate cancer developed in the soy groups compared to the milk group (P = 0.01). These data suggest that 6‐mo SPI+ consumption does not alter prostate tissue biomarkers, SPI‐ consumption exerts mixed effects, and less prostate cancer is detected after 6 mo of soy consumption regardless of isoflavone content.
Failure of lactose-restricted diets to prevent radiation-induced diarrhea in patients undergoing whole pelvis irradiation$$$ Sixty‐four patients were randomized prior to pelvic radiotherapy into one of three dietary groups: the control group maintained a regular diet except that they drank at least 480 cc of milk daily$$$ the lactose‐restricted group was placed on a lactose‐restricted diet$$$ and the lactase group drank at least 480 cc of milk with lactase enzyme added to hydrolyze 90% of the lactose. The patients kept records of their stool frequency and the number of diphenoxylate tablets required to control their diarrhea during a 5 week course of standard whole pelvis irradiation. The data does not support the concept that one of the mechanisms of radiation‐induced diarrhea associated with pelvic irradiation is a reduction the ability of the intestine to hydrolyze ingested lactose due to the effect of the radiation on the small intestine. There was not a significant difference in stool frequency or diphenoxylate usage among the dietary groups.
Conducting a diabetes mellitus prevention trial in women with GDM in Pakistan: a feasibility study$$$ Background: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at a greater risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) than women without GDM. Despite this elevated risk, few trials on the prevention of T2DM among South Asian women with GDM have been reported. Therefore, this study aimed to assess the feasibility of conducting a diabetes prevention program on women with a history of GDM to inform the development of a contextually relevant definitive trial. Methods: Using a randomized controlled trial, women with GDM (n = 180) who delivered at the study hospitals (one public and one private teaching hospital, Karachi) with fasting blood glucose levels < 120 mg/dl at 6 weeks postpartum were randomized to the intervention (n = 88) or control arms (n = 92). Women in the intervention group received individualized home‐based educational sessions from trained community health workers at 0, 1, 3, 6, and 9 months. In addition, they received short text messages, prerecorded messages, and printed educational material (calendars and pamphlets) for reinforcement. The intervention was centered on equipping women with knowledge, skills, and confidence to eat a healthy diet rich in fruits, vegetables, and low‐fat dairy products and perform regular physical activity based on walking and household chores to reduce weight (up to 5% of their initial body weight). Women in the control arm received standard care. The feasibility outcomes of the study included screening, recruitment, and retention rates and in‐depth interviews at 6 months post‐intervention to explore women’s experiences with the intervention. Descriptive analysis and thematic analysis were performed. Results: Of the 324 women screened during the antenatal care visits and after delivery, 255 (78.7%) were contactable 6 weeks postpartum, and 180 (70.6%) were eligible and randomized to intervention (n = 88) and control (n = 92) groups. Loss to follow‐up in the intervention and control arms was 22.7% (n = 20/88) and 18.5% (n = 17/92), respectively. Women expressed satisfaction with home‐based counseling and follow‐up visits, text message reminders, and printed material in the form of a calendar through our qualitative interviews. Conclusions: Home‐based lifestyle modification intervention augmented with text messages and printed material is feasible. However, to evaluate the intervention’s effectiveness, a larger trial is warranted to assess its long‐term impact on diabetes prevention. Trial registration: ISRCTN, ISRCTN11387113. Registered 5 December 2017—retrospectively registered.
Dietary patterns differ between urban and rural older, long-term survivors of breast, prostate, and colorectal cancer and are associated with body mass index$$$ BACKGROUND: Older adult cancer survivors are at greater risk of cancer recurrence and other comorbidities that can be prevented through improved diet and weight management. The tertiary prevention needs of rural‐dwelling survivors can be even greater, yet little is known about rural and urban differences in lifestyle factors among this high‐risk population. OBJECTIVES: To compare dietary patterns of urban and rural cancer survivors and to examine associations of dietary patterns with body mass index (BMI). DESIGN: A secondary analysis was performed of baseline data from the Reach Out to Enhance Wellness (RENEW) trial, a diet and exercise intervention among overweight, long‐term (≥5 years), older survivors of colorectal, breast, and prostate cancer. Survivors in the present analysis (n=729) underwent two 45‐ to 60‐minute telephone surveys, which included two 24‐hour dietary recalls. Principal components analysis and multivariable general linear models were used to derive dietary patterns and to evaluate associations between dietary patterns and BMI, respectively. RESULTS: Principal components analysis identified three primary dietary patterns among rural dwellers (high sweets and starches, high reduced‐fat dairy, cereal, nuts, and fruits, and mixed) and three among urban dwellers (high fruits and vegetables, high meat and refined grains, and high sugar‐sweetened beverages). Among rural survivors, greater adherence to the high reduced‐fat dairy, cereal, nuts, and fruits pattern was positively associated with lower BMI (P trend <0.05), whereas higher scores on the mixed pattern was associated with greater BMI (P trend <0.05). Greater adherence to the high fruits and vegetables pattern among urban survivors was inversely associated with BMI (P trend <0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Urban and rural differences in dietary intake behavior should be considered in designing public health interventions among the increasing population of older cancer survivors. In addition, targeting overall dietary patterns might be one approach to help reduce the burden of obesity among this population.
Programming pre-exercise snacks to prevent post-exercise hypoglycemia in intensively treated insulin-dependent diabetics$$$ Five intensively treated, insulin‐dependent diabetics exercised for 45 minutes after fasting while receiving basal insulin injections. Plasma glucose concentrations remained stable during exercise but then declined, resulting in clinical hypoglycemia 1 to 2 hours later. Efficacies of three pre‐exercise snacks in preventing the hypoglycemia were compared in a randomized crossover design. Orange juice, whole milk, and skim milk, each containing 13 g of carbohydrate, all prevented postexercise hypoglycemia. However, the more rapidly absorbed snacks, orange juice and skim milk, caused a greater increase in plasma glucose concentrations and the area under the glucose curve during exercise. From the recognized glucose profiles that occur after consumption of different carbohydrates, snacks as well as exercise and insulin can now be programmed for intensively treated, insulin‐dependent diabetics. Because plasma glucose levels remain stable during exercise done after fasting and only fall late after exercise, a "lente" carbohydrate snack, such as whole milk, is an appropriate pre‐exercise snack.
Effect of Phytosterol supplementation on inflammatory markers among Overweight Obese South Indians$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Phytosterol Fortified skimmed milk for a period of three months: The plant sterol as per the FSSAI norms is fortified in the vanilla flavored skimmed milk Control Intervention1: Plain skimmed milk for a period of three months: Plain vanilla flavored skimmed milk will be provided as a comparator agent CONDITION: overweight obese Participants PRIMARY OUTCOME: The aim of this study is to look at the effects of dietary phytosterols supplementation $$$ on the inflammatory status of overweight obese subjects.‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 3 Months SECONDARY OUTCOME: Fasting Plasma glucose $$$ Fasting Insulin $$$ Lipip profile $$$ ‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 3 months INCLUSION CRITERIA: A total of 150 overweight obese participants
Effect of increased calcium consumption from fat-free milk in an energy-restricted diet on the metabolic syndrome and cardiometabolic outcomes in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a randomised cross-over clinical trial$$$ We investigated the effects of high‐Ca fat‐free milk phase (MD) (prescription of approximately 1500 mg of Ca/d) v. low‐Ca phase (CD) (prescription of approximately 800 mg of Ca/d) in an energy‐restricted diet on the metabolic syndrome (MetS) and cardiometabolic measures in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and low habitual Ca consumption (<600 mg/d). In this randomised cross‐over design, fourteen adults with T2DM (49·5 (sd 8·6) years, BMI 29·4 (sd 4·5) kg/m2) consumed either MD or CD for 12 weeks, with a washout of 18 weeks between phases. A breakfast shake containing 700 mg (MD) or 6·4 mg (CD) of Ca was consumed in the laboratory. In addition, energy‐restricted diets were prescribed (800 mg of dietary Ca/d). Waist circumference (WC), fasting glucose, fasting TAG, systolic (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP), fasting total cholesterol, fasting LDL‐cholesterol, fasting HDL‐cholesterol, HDL:LDL ratio, HDL:TAG ratio and lipid accumulation product (LAP) index were assessed at baseline and after each phase. Ca consumption during the study was equivalent to 1200 mg/d during MD and 525 mg/d during CD. There was a greater reduction in WC, SBP, DBP and LAP index after MD compared with CD. HDL:LDL ratio increased and total cholesterol, LDL‐cholesterol, SBP, DBP and LAP index decreased only in MD. The consumption of approximately 1200 mg of Ca/d (700 mg from fat‐free milk+500mg from other dietary sources) associated with an energy‐restricted diet decreased some of the MetS components and cardiometabolic measures in adults with T2DM.
OC96: an investigation into the effect of a low versus high glycaemic index breakfast on satiety and subsequent food intake$$$ Rising levels of obesity and the associated health risks, continues to be our biggest public health challenge of the 21st century. Public health strategies have not yet been successful in reversing the obesity trend. Therefore, simple strategies to regulate food intake and facilitate the maintenance of a healthy weight have increasingly become an area of interest and research. Studies have shown that consumption of low‐GI carbohydrates prolong satiety, reducing subsequent food intake.(1) This has led to the proposal that low‐GI carbohydrates could be used in the regulation of food intake to induce weight loss in the overweight and obese.(2) However, the findings are not always consistent(3) and the current evidence is conflicting. This pilot study aimed to compare the impact of a low glycaemic index breakfast with a high glycaemic index (GI) breakfast on satiety over 3 hours and subsequent food intake over the rest of the day. 10 healthy female subjects (18‐65yrs) took part in this cross over study. Subjects were randomly allocated to either the high or low GI breakfast on test day one, and the alternative breakfast on test day two. Breakfasts were matched as closely as possible in macronutrient and energy content. Each ingredient was assigned a GI using the international table of glycaemic index and glycaemic load values.(4) Ingredients (cornflakes/porridge, white bread/rye bread, jam, orange juice/skimmed milk) were selected to result in either a high or low GI meal. Satiety was self reported, using a visual analogue scale and dietary intake was assessed using a self reported 24 hour food diary. Paired sample t‐test was used to compare mean values. [TABLE PRESENTED] The low GI breakfast elicited a significantly higher level of satiety over 3 hours and a significantly reduced dietary intake than the high GI breakfast over 24 hours. Although this was a short term pilot study, the results indicated that adherence to a low GI breakfast may be helpful for overweight individuals wishing to reduce their energy intake. However, longer term, larger studies are required to confirm these findings.
A STARCH- AND SUCROSE-REDUCED DIET IN IRRITABLE BOWEL SYNDROME LEADS TO LOWER CIRCULATING LEVELS OF PAI-1 AND VISFATIN: a RANDOMIZED CONTROLLED STUDY$$$ Introduction: Irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) is characterized by gastrointestinal and extra‐intestinal symptoms, together with anxiety and depression. Overweight and increased risk of metabolic syndrome and diabetes are observed in IBS$$$ conditions associated with plasminogen activator inhibitor‐1 (PAI‐1) and visfatin. Previous results showed reduced levels of C‐peptide, insulin, gastric inhibitory polypeptide (GIP), and leptin after dietary intervention with starchand sucrose‐reduced (SSRD). The role of adipokines and hormones during dietary interventions in IBS is not well described. Aims & Methods: The aim of this study was to measure blood levels of AXIN1, cholecystokinin (CCK), enkephalin, ghrelin, neuropeptide Y (NPY), PAI‐1, and visfatin before and after a 4‐week dietary intervention with SSRD. 105 IBS patients were randomized to either SSRD (n=80) or continued ordinary diet (n=25). The dietary advice primarily focused on starch and sucrose reduction, with decreased intake of foods such as confectionary, sweetened dairy products, processed/ultraprocessed foods, bread, pasta, and rice. Instead, participants were advised to continue with or increase their intake of all meats and fish, fat, natural dairy products, eggs, nuts and seeds, and selected berries, fruits, and vegetables low in starch and sucrose. Rome IV questionnaire, IBS‐severity symptoms score (IBS‐SSS), visual analog scale for IBS (VAS‐IBS), 4‐day diary protocol and a VAS scale for sweet craving were completed before and after the 4‐week intervention. Blood was collected before and after study start and analyzed for AXIN1 and hormones. Healthy volunteers served as controls at baseline. Results: After 4 weeks, the carbohydrate, starch, and sucrose ingestions were significantly lowered (p<0.001), and fat (p=0.049) and protein (p=0.023) were increased, in the intervention group, whereas no differences were found in control group. In the intervention group, 73.8% were responders and 18.8% had no symptoms with <75 in total IBS‐SSS, whereas 24.0% were responders in the control group and no one was without symptoms. The total IBS‐SSS score as well as each specific symptom on VAS‐IBS, psychological well‐being, and the influence of intestinal symptoms on daily life were improved, and weight decreased, in the intervention group whereas only bloating was improved in the control group (p<0.001). At baseline, AXIN1 (p<0.001) and active ghrelin (p=0.025) were lower in IBS compared to healthy controls, whereas CCK and enkephalin were higher in IBS (p<0.001). During the study, PAI‐1 levels tended to be decreased in the intervention group (p=0.066), with a difference in the decrease between groups (p=0.022). Visfatin levels were decreased in the intervention group (p=0.007). There was a positive correlation between the change in weight and CCK (rs=0.241, p=0.026). The sweet craving was inversely correlated with visfatin levels (rs=(‐0.327), p=0.002) and positively associated with PAI‐1 levels (rs=0.267, p=0.012). The only correlation with reduced symptoms was an inverse correlation between constipation and ghrelin (rs=(‐0.217), p=0.037). Conclusion: SSRD reduced gastrointestinal symptoms, weight and sweet cravings, and decreased levels of PAI‐1 and visfatin. There were few correlations between changes in hormonal levels and symptoms. The dietary changes led to reduced levels of biomarkers associated with metabolic syndrome and diabetes. This aspect with increased riks for metabolic syndromes in IBS is underestimated and factors of importance to reduce risk factors for other diseases are needed to be considered in the treatment of IBS.
Modifying Effects Of Dash Diet On Food Addiction Two Years After Sleeve Gastrostomy: a Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial$$$ In morbid obese individuals, bariatric surgery is considered an effective intervention due to failure of non‐surgical weight management strategies. Sleeve gastrostomy (LSG) accounts for over half of bariatric surgeries. The prevalence of weight regains is 76% over 2‐6 years after LSG due to binge eating disorder and food addiction. In our previous study, one‐fifth of patients with LSG fulfilled the criteria for food addiction (FA). Various dietary patterns have been studied for their potential benefits in controlling FA in non‐surgical weight loss programs. Among them, DASH diet attracted our attention, because, besides its effect on FA, the nature of this diet fully addresses other prevalent complications of patients with morbid obesity who undergoes LSG more than two years ago, i.e., vascular problems and gut microbiota changes. To study the effect of the DASH diet on food addiction after LSG we recruited 100 individuals with LSG two years prior to the study who had mild to moderate FA according to DSM‐IV criteria and Yale Food Addiction Scale (YFAS) and weight regain of more than 25% of excess weight loss. Participants were randomly assigned to a calorie‐restricted DASH diet (1000‐1200 calories, containing 2‐3 servings of whole grain, 3‐4 servings of vegetables, 3 servings of fruit, 2 servings of skim or low‐fat dairy products, 1‐2 servings of meat, poultry, and fish, 3 servings of nuts, seeds, and legumes, 2 servings of oil) or a calorie‐restricted diet (1000‐1200 calories, 3‐4 servings of whole grain, 3‐4 servings of vegetables, 2 servings of fruit, 2 servings of skim or low‐fat dairy products, 2‐3 servings of meat, poultry, and fish, 1 serving of nuts, seeds, and legumes, 2 servings of oil, and 1 serving of sugar.) for 16 weeks. Food addiction, serum levels of FBS and insulin were assessed. No significant differences in calorie and macronutrient intake, BMI, amount of excess weight before surgery, physical activity level, depression, anxiety level, and YFAS mean were observed between to studied groups After 16 weeks, individuals in DASH diet group reported a significant reduction in YFAS (from3.64±0.63 to 2.66 ±0.63, P.Value < 0.001), also Insulin levels and FBS decreased from 12.22±3.13 to 10.12±2.3 mcU/ml (P.Value< 0.001) and from 91.92±8.9 to 86.98±6.8 mg/dl (P.Value< 0.001), respectively. A significant reduction of insulin (13.21±2.97 to11.15±2.18 mcU/ml, P.Vaue< 0.001) and FBS level (92.31±7.5 to 87.63±5.9 mg/dl) was observed among controls. A significantly higher reduction of insulin levels in DASH group was noticed at the endpoint (P.Value: 0.026). It could be concluded that adherence to DASH diet, 2 years after SLG, can combat food addiction by modifying serum insulin levels.
Comparison of the effect of milk and pistachio snacks (pistacia vera) consumption on satiety status, body fat percent, and macronutrient intake in overweight or obese women: a randomized controlled trial$$$ Aim: The aim of this study was to identify the effect of consumption of milk and pistachio as snacks on satiety, body fat percent, and macronutrient intake in overweight or obese women. Methods: In this randomized cross‐over trial, sixty overweight and obese women with mean age of 24.42 ± 4.2 years participated. Each Intervention lasted two one‐month periods with a 6‐day washout period. A visual analogue scale was used to score satiety. To calculate energy intake (macronutrient), a food record was obtained. Body fat percentage was calculated using the Deurenberg formula. Results: At the end of the study, there was not any statistical difference in energy intake at each snack groups (p‐value>0.05). Body fat percent for women in the milk group significantly decreased (p‐value = 0.001). There was not any statistical difference in the area under the curve between pistachio and milk snack groups (226.13 ± 54.5 and 225.16 ± 47.48, respectively, p‐value = 0.930). Conclusion: The consumption of pistachio and milk as a daily mid‐morning snack for a month has a similar effect on the maintenance of the satiety status in obese and overweight people but it does not have any beneficial effects on calorie intake.
Effects of dietary milk- and soya-phospholipids on lipid-parameters and other risk indicators for cardiovascular diseases in overweight or obese men – Two double-blind, randomised, controlled, clinical trials$$$ The present study examined the effect of milk phospholipids (milk‐PL) on lipid metabolism and on other risk factors for CVD, in comparison with milk fat (control) or soya phospholipids (soya‐PL), respectively. Two double‐blind parallel‐group intervention trials were conducted in overweight or obese male subjects. In the first trial (trial 1), sixty‐two men consumed milk enriched with either 2 g milk‐PL or 2 g milk fat (control) for 8 weeks. In trial 2, fifty‐seven men consumed milk enriched with either 3 g milk‐PL or 2·8 g soya‐PL for 7 weeks. In trial 1, milk‐PL as compared with control reduced waist circumference but did not affect plasma lipids (total, HDL‐ and LDL‐cholesterol, total cholesterol:HDL‐cholesterol ratio, TAG, phospholipids), apoB, apoA1, glucose, insulin, insulin sensitivity index, C‐reactive protein, IL‐6, soluble intracellular adhesion molecule and total homocysteine (tHcy). Serum activities of alanine transaminase and aspartate transaminase were not changed. Activity of γ‐glutamyl transferase (GGT), a marker of fatty liver, increased in the control but not in the milk‐PL group, with a significant intervention effect. In trial 2, milk‐PL as compared with soya‐PL did not affect the above‐mentioned parameters, but decreased GGT. Subjects with the methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase mutations CT and TT had 11 % (P < 0·05) higher baseline tHcy concentrations than those with the wild‐type CC. However, genotype did not modulate the phospholipid intervention effect on tHcy. In conclusion, supplementation with milk‐PL as compared with control fat reduced waist circumference and, as compared with both control fat and soya‐PL, GGT activity.
Preventive effects of multiple domain interventions on lifestyle and risk factor changes in stroke survivors: evidence from a two-year randomized trial$$$ Background and aim: Behavioral and lifestyle interventions in stroke patients need to be intense enough to result in sustainable treatment differences among groups of a randomized trial. Therefore, we report the effects of multidomain interventions on lifestyle and laboratory parameters after 12 and 24 months from a trial that examined whether intensive risk factor management can prevent cognitive decline in ischemic stroke patients. Methods: This prospective randomized, open‐label, blinded endpoint trial recruited patients within three months after acute stroke in five Austrian neurological clinics during June 2010 and November 2012. One hundred and one patients were randomized into multidomain intervention and 101 into standard care. Lifestyle interventions were individualized to match predefined targets of regular physical activity, healthy diet, and adequate physiological risk factor control. Results: A total of 167 participants (80 intervention, 87 control) completed the 12‐month visit and 155 (76 intervention, 79 control) the 24‐month visit. During the first 12 months, adherence to healthy lifestyle and adequately controlled physiological parameters (measured by summary scores) improved significantly in the intervention group compared to controls (p < 0.01). The consumption of reduced‐fat milk (p = 0.031), reduced‐fat spreads (p = 0.007), and fish (p = 0.021) increased in the intervention group from baseline to 12 months but not in controls. After 24 months, the group difference was significant for the lifestyle summary score but no longer for the combined laboratory lifestyle score. Conclusions: These results demonstrate that intensified individualized multidomain lifestyle interventions in stroke patients are effective in promoting healthy lifestyle in stroke care.
Postprandial changes in platelet function and coagulation factors after high-fat meals with different fatty acid compositions$$$ OBJECTIVE: To compare the postprandial effects of three oils differing in their fatty acid composition on platelet aggregation and coagulation. The oils studied were low‐erucic acid rapeseed oil (RO, oleic acid 54% of fatty acids), sunflower oil (SO, linoleic acid 64% of fatty acids) and butter oil (BO, saturated fatty acids 62% of fatty acids). DESIGN: The postprandial effects of three fat‐loads were followed for 5 h. SETTING: Division of Nutrition, University of Helsinki. SUBJECTS: Twelve healthy female subjects (aged 23‐38 years) were recruited among university students and employees. INTERVENTIONS: Postprandial lipaemia was induced by high‐fat meals containing fat (RO, SO or BO) 1 g/kg of body weight, skim‐milk powder, sugar, strawberries, and water. Each subject ingested each meal in three separate mornings after an overnight fast. The order of the meals was randomised. Blood samples were taken before and 1, 2.5, and 5 h after the test meal. RESULTS: All three test meals similarly affected platelet aggregation in platelet‐rich plasma. Aggregation induced by collagen (0.6, 1 and 2.5 micrograms/ml) decreased during the 5‐h period after the meals (P = 0.000). ADP‐induced aggregation did not change during the follow‐up period after any meal (P = 0.105‐0.483). All fat loads increased factor VII coagulant activity (F VII:C) (P = 0.000), but in plasma fibrinogen concentration (P = 0.155) or antithrombin III activity (P = 0.278) no postprandial changes were found. CONCLUSIONS: These results show that high‐fat meals have acute effects on platelet function and F VII:C in healthy women and that these effects are not mediated through the fatty acid composition of the meals.
The utility of household Grocery Purchase Quality Index scores as an individual diet quality metric$$$ The Grocery Purchase Quality Index (GPQI) reflects concordance between household grocery purchases and US dietary recommendations. However, it is unclear whether GPQI scores calculated from partial purchasing records reflect individual‐level diet quality. This secondary analysis of a 9‐month randomised controlled trial examined concordance between the GPQI (range 0‐75, scaled to 100) calculated from 3 months of loyalty‐card linked partial (≥50 %) household grocery purchasing data and individual‐level Healthy Eating Index (HEI) scores at baseline and 3 months calculated from FFQ (n 209). Concordance was assessed with overall and demographic‐stratified partially adjusted correlations$$$ covariate‐adjusted percentage score differences, cross‐classification and weighted κ coefficients assessed concordance across GPQI tertiles (T). Participants were middle aged (55·4 (13·9) years), female (90·3 %), from non‐smoking households (96·4 %) and without children (70·7 %). Mean GPQI (54·8 (9·1) %) scores were lower than HEI scores (baseline: 73·2 (9·1) %, 3 months: 72·4 (9·4) %) and moderately correlated (baseline r 0·41 v. 3 months r 0·31, P < 0·001). Correlations were stronger among participants with ≤ bachelor's degree, obesity and children. Scores showed moderate agreement (κ = 0·25)$$$ concordance was highest in T3. Participants with high (T3) v. low (T1) GPQI scores had 7·3‐10·6 higher odds of having HEI scores >80 % at both time points. Household‐level GPQI was moderately correlated with self‐reported intake, indicating their promise for evaluating diet quality. Partial purchasing data appear to moderately reflect individual diet quality and may be useful in interventions monitoring changes in diet quality.
A crossover study on the effects of continuous soymilk intake on lipid metabolism and glucose metabolism in Vietnamese (2nd Report) -Lipid metabolism improving effect-$$$ Background and objectives: Soy protein has been reported to lower serum LDL cholesterol and triglycerides in many meta‐analyses. Unprepared soymilk is expected to have a physiological effect due to its high protein content, but there are few clinical trials on soymilk intake in Vietnam and other Asian countries targeting patients with dyslipidemia. Continuing from the first report, this study was conducted a crossover study to verify the effect of unprepared soymilk intake on improving lipid metabolism in a joint study with Vietnam National Institute of Nutrition, Nam Dinh University of Nursing, MARUSAN‐AI Co., Ltd., and Kyushu Women's University. Methods: It was conducted with the approval of the Kyushu Women's University Ethics Review Committee and the Vietnam National Institute of Nutrition Ethics Review Committee. Thirty‐seven type 2 diabetic patients with LDL cholesterol borderline (3.10‐3.59 mmol/L) or mild (3.60‐4.10 mmol/L) dyslipidemia attending hospital in Nam Dinh City, Vietnam, were included in the analysis. The study design was a randomized crossover study of 2 groups, and only the intervention group was given 500 mL/day (250 mL x 2 times) of unadjusted soymilk (MARUSAN‐AI Co., Ltd.) for 8 weeks, and the washout period was 4 weeks. The primary endpoints were LDL‐C, TG and the secondary endpoints were TC, HDL‐C. Results: The amount of change in LDL‐C and TG in the intervention group were significantly reduced at both the 4W‐intake and 8W‐intake. In addition, the amount of change in HDL‐C in the intervention group were significantly increased at the 8W‐intake. Furthermore, as a result of stratified analysis, it became clear that the improvement effect of LDL‐C was significantly higher in the outer group of reference value than the inner group, and the improvement effect of HDL‐C was significantly higher in the outer group. In addition, although no significant change in body weight was observed, the waist circumference and hip circumference of the intervention group decreased significantly the 4W‐intake and 8W‐intake. Conclusions: For Vietnamese with type 2 diabetes with dyslipidemia, it became clear that the continuously intake of unprepared soymilk could decrease LDL‐C and TG and increase HDL‐C.
A crossover study on the effects of continuous soymilk intake on lipid metabolism and glucose metabolism in Vietnamese (1st Report) - Nutrient intake status$$$ Background and objectives: Lifestyle‐related diseases are increasing in Vietnam as in developed countries, and the proportion of people who have died from hyper‐LDLemia has increased by 37.3% in 10 years from 2009. The annual per capita consumption of soymilk by Vietnamese is increasing year by year. Soymilk consumed in Vietnam is a high sucrose content, therefore, it could be one of the factors that increase the risk of lifestyle‐related diseases. In this study, joint research with Vietnam National Institute of Nutrition, Nam Dinh University of Nursing, MARUSAN‐AI Co., Ltd., and Kyushu Women's University, we investigated the effects of unprepared soymilk intake without sucrose on nutrient intake and nutritional status in Vietnamese with type 2 diabetes with dyslipidemia. Methods: Thirty‐seven type 2 diabetic patients with LDL cholesterol borderline (3.10‐3.59 mmol/L) or mild (3.60‐4.10 mmol/L) dyslipidemia attending hospital in Nam Dinh City, Vietnam, were included in the analysis. The study design was a randomized crossover study of 2 groups, and only the intervention group was given 500 mL/day (250 mL x 2 times) of unprepared soymilk (MARUSAN‐AI Co., Ltd.) for 8 weeks, and the washout period was 4 weeks. The test items were a 24‐hour recall method and a dietary survey using the nutrition support system (Calorie Smile Vietnam version), and physical measurements (height, weight, body fat percentage), and a total of 6 surveys and measurements were performed once each period. Results: As a result, the protein intake was significantly higher in the intervention group than in the control group in the Δ4W‐intake and the Δ8W‐intake. The protein content of unprepared soymilk was 4.5 g/100 mL, so the intervention group significantly increased protein intake by ingesting 500 mL daily. Sugars intake increased significantly in the control group at the Δ8W‐intake, but not in the intervention group. Conclusions: A continuous intake of unprepared soymilk significantly increased protein intake in the intervention group but did not increase sugars intake. In the future, we will investigate the effect of unprepared soymilk intake on nutritional status and verify that it will lead to the prevention of lifestyle‐related diseases. [Conflict of Interest Disclosure] This study was funded by MARUSAN‐AI Co., Ltd.
A crossover study on the effects of continuous soymilk intake on lipid metabolism and glucose metabolism in Vietnamese (2nd Report) -Lipid metabolism improving effect-$$$ Background and objectives: Soy protein has been reported to lower serum LDL cholesterol and triglycerides in many metaanalyses. Unprepared soymilk is expected to have a physiological effect due to its high protein content, but there are few clinical trials on soymilk intake in Vietnam and other Asian countries targeting patients with dyslipidemia. Continuing from the first report, this study was conducted a crossover study to verify the effect of unprepared soymilk intake on improving lipid metabolism in a joint study with Vietnam National Institute of Nutrition, Nam Dinh University of Nursing, MARUSAN‐AI Co., Ltd., and Kyushu Women's University. Methods: It was conducted with the approval of the Kyushu Women's University Ethics Review Committee and the Vietnam National Institute of Nutrition Ethics Review Committee. Thirtyseven type 2 diabetic patients with LDL cholesterol borderline (3.10‐3.59 mmol/L) or mild (3.60‐4.10 mmol/L) dyslipidemia attending hospital in Nam Dinh City, Vietnam, were included in the analysis. The study design was a randomized crossover study of 2 groups, and only the intervention group was given 500 mL/day (250 mL x 2 times) of unadjusted soymilk (MARUSAN‐AI Co., Ltd.) for 8 weeks, and the washout period was 4 weeks. The primary endpoints were LDL‐C, TG and the secondary endpoints were TC, HDL‐C. Results: The amount of change in LDL‐C and TG in the intervention group were significantly reduced at both the 4Wintake and 8W‐intake. In addition, the amount of change in HDLC in the intervention group were significantly increased at the 8W‐intake. Furthermore, as a result of stratified analysis, it became clear that the improvement effect of LDL‐C was significantly higher in the outer group of reference value than the inner group, and the improvement effect of HDL‐C was significantly higher in the outer group. In addition, although no significant change in body weight was observed, the waist circumference and hip circumference of the intervention group decreased significantly the 4W‐intake and 8W‐intake. Conclusions: For Vietnamese with type 2 diabetes with dyslipidemia, it became clear that the continuously intake of unprepared soymilk could decrease LDL‐C and TG and increase HDL‐C.
A crossover study on the effects of continuous soymilk intake on lipid metabolism and glucose metabolism in Vietnamese (1st Report) - Nutrient intake status -$$$ Background and objectives: Lifestyle‐related diseases are increasing in Vietnam as in developed countries, and the proportion of people who have died from hyper‐LDLemia has increased by 37.3% in 10 years from 2009. The annual per capita consumption of soymilk by Vietnamese is increasing year by year. Soymilk consumed in Vietnam is a high sucrose content, therefore, it could be one of the factors that increase the risk of lifestyle‐related diseases. In this study, joint research with Vietnam National Institute of Nutrition, Nam Dinh University of Nursing, MARUSAN‐AI Co., Ltd., and Kyushu Women's University, we investigated the effects of unprepared soymilk intake without sucrose on nutrient intake and nutritional status in Vietnamese with type 2 diabetes with dyslipidemia. Methods: Thirty‐seven type 2 diabetic patients with LDL cholesterol borderline (3.10‐3.59 mmol/L) or mild (3.60‐4.10 mmol/L) dyslipidemia attending hospital in Nam Dinh City, Vietnam, were included in the analysis. The study design was a randomized crossover study of 2 groups, and only the intervention group was given 500 mL/day (250 mL x 2 times) of unprepared soymilk (MARUSAN‐AI Co., Ltd.) for 8 weeks, and the washout period was 4 weeks. The test items were a 24‐hour recall method and a dietary survey using the nutrition support system (Calorie Smile Vietnam version), and physical measurements (height, weight, body fat percentage), and a total of 6 surveys and measurements were performed once each period. Results: As a result, the protein intake was significantly higher in the intervention group than in the control group in the Δ4W‐intake and the Δ8W‐intake. The protein content of unprepared soymilk was 4.5 g/100 mL, so the intervention group significantly increased protein intake by ingesting 500 mL daily. Sugars intake increased significantly in the control group at the Δ8W‐intake, but not in the intervention group. Conclusions: A continuous intake of unprepared soymilk significantly increased protein intake in the intervention group but did not increase sugars intake. In the future, we will investigate the effect of unprepared soymilk intake on nutritional status and verify that it will lead to the prevention of lifestylerelated diseases. [Conflict of Interest Disclosure] This study was funded by MARUSAN‐AI Co., Ltd.
The Effect of the PREMIER Interventions on Insulin Sensitivity$$$ OBJECTIVE ‐ This ancillary study of PREMIER sought to determine the effects on insulin sensitivity of a comprehensive behavioral intervention for hypertension with and without the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) dietary pattern. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS ‐ Participants were assigned to one of three nonpharmacologic interventions for blood pressure (group A, advice only$$$ group B, established$$$ and group C, established plus DASH). The established intervention included weight loss, reduced sodium intake, increased physical activity, and moderate alcohol intake$$$ the DASH dietary pattern was added to the established intervention for those in group C. The DASH dietary pattern is high in fruits, vegetables, and low‐fat dairy products while being lower in total fat, saturated fat, and cholesterol, it is abundant in nutrients such as magnesium, calcium, and protein, which have been associated with improved insulin sensitivity. Insulin sensitivity was measured at baseline and at 6 months using the frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test with minimal model analysis. RESULTS ‐ Both intervention groups decreased total calories, percentage of calories from fat, and sodium intake to similar levels, with similar amounts of energy expenditure and weight loss. Covariate differences seen only in group C included increased intake of protein, potassium, calcium, and magnesium. Compared with control subjects, insulin sensitivity improved significantly only in group C, from 1.96 to 2.95 (P = 0.047). Group B did have a significant decrease in fasting insulin and glucose, but the changes in insulin sensitivity did not reach statistical significance when compared with control subjects. CONCLUSIONS ‐ These results suggest that including the DASH dietary pattern as part of a comprehensive intervention for blood pressure control enhances insulin action beyond the effects of a comprehensive intervention that does not include DASH.
Postprandial metabolic responses to ingestion of bovine glycomacropeptide compared to a whey protein isolate in prediabetic volunteers$$$ PURPOSE: Whey protein was shown to reduce blood glucose responses in humans and various other positive effects have been attributed to this protein. In contrast, studies using glycomacropeptide (GMP) as part of the whey fraction of bovine milk are rare. We, therefore, studied the postprandial responses to GMP administration in humans with impaired glucose tolerance compared to the effects of pure whey protein in a random design. METHODS: Fifteen prediabetic volunteers received on different occasions one of three test drinks containing 50 g of maltodextrin19 (MD19) alone or in combination with either 50 g GMP or 50 g whey protein isolate (WPI). Blood was collected over 4 h with analysis of blood glucose and hormones, gastric emptying rate as well as plasma amino‐ and fatty acids, β‐hydroxybutyrate and acylcarnitines. RESULTS: The WPI drink reduced the AUC of venous blood glucose compared to the MD19 drink in the prediabetic group by 11% (p = 0.0018) whereas GMP reduced the AUC by 18% (p < 0.0001), significantly different to the WPI drink (p = 0.0384). The reduction in blood glucose after the GMP drink was accompanied by a significantly lower AUC of insulin (‐ 34%) than for the WPI drink. Levels of C‐peptide and of glucose insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP) were highly increased after the WPI drink over the MD19 control drink but remained in essence unaffected by the GMP. CONCLUSION: GMP reduced the glycemic response more potently than whey protein, whereas insulin output was less affected making GMP an interesting protein to control postprandial glucose responses.
Effects of dietary milk- and soya-phospholipids on lipid-parameters and other risk indicators for cardiovascular diseases in overweight or obese men - two double-blind, randomised, controlled, clinical trials$$$ The present study examined the effect of milk phospholipids (milk‐PL) on lipid metabolism and on other risk factors for CVD, in comparison with milk fat (control) or soya phospholipids (soya‐PL), respectively. Two double‐blind parallel‐group intervention trials were conducted in overweight or obese male subjects. In the first trial (trial 1), sixty‐two men consumed milk enriched with either 2 g milk‐PL or 2 g milk fat (control) for 8 weeks. In trial 2, fifty‐seven men consumed milk enriched with either 3 g milk‐PL or 2·8 g soya‐PL for 7 weeks. In trial 1, milk‐PL as compared with control reduced waist circumference but did not affect plasma lipids (total, HDL‐ and LDL‐cholesterol, total cholesterol:HDL‐cholesterol ratio, TAG, phospholipids), apoB, apoA1, glucose, insulin, insulin sensitivity index, C‐reactive protein, IL‐6, soluble intracellular adhesion molecule and total homocysteine (tHcy). Serum activities of alanine transaminase and aspartate transaminase were not changed. Activity of γ‐glutamyl transferase (GGT), a marker of fatty liver, increased in the control but not in the milk‐PL group, with a significant intervention effect. In trial 2, milk‐PL as compared with soya‐PL did not affect the above‐mentioned parameters, but decreased GGT. Subjects with the methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase mutations CT and TT had 11 % (P < 0·05) higher baseline tHcy concentrations than those with the wild‐type CC. However, genotype did not modulate the phospholipid intervention effect on tHcy. In conclusion, supplementation with milk‐PL as compared with control fat reduced waist circumference and, as compared with both control fat and soya‐PL, GGT activity.
Early-Life Nutrition, Growth Trajectories, and Long-Term Outcome$$$ It is well established that nutrition during the first 1,000 days of life can have a long‐term effect on growth, metabolic outcome, and long‐term health. We review the long‐term anthropometric follow‐ups of children with risk of later morbidity: (a) very‐low‐birth‐weight (VLBW) infants who have birth weights <10th percentile of weight and receive fortified breast milk, (b) infants from developing countries who are breastfed according to the present recommendations but have low birth weight and length, and (c) children from developed countries who were enrolled in randomized controlled trials (RCTs) to test if breastfeeding and low‐protein formulas can prevent from rapid weight gain and childhood obesity. VLBW infants can be appropriate, small for gestational age (SGA), or intrauterine growth retarded (IUGR). SGA and IUGR (due to placenta insufficiency) infants are born with birth weights <10th percentile of weight for gestational age (GA). We provided fortified breast milk until 52 weeks of GA to 31 SGA and 127 IUGR infants and followed up growth until 24 months. IUGR infants showed lower weight gain between birth and 3 months and had lower weight between 3 and 24 months (p < 0.05$$$ ANCOVA). No significant BMI differences between SGA and IUGR infants were observed. It seems that IUGR infants receiving fortified breast milk need special attention, because without further improvement in breast milk fortification weight gain after discharge from hospital might be too slow. In developing countries, length and weight of breastfed infants during the first 2 years are strongly influenced by the respective anthropometric parameters at birth. Studies in the Gambia and Zimbabwe indicate that only breastfed infants with birth length and weight above the respective WHO 0 z‐scores continue with adequate growth and have length and weight above the WHO 0 z‐scores at 18 and 24 months. Prevalence of stunting and wasting in the overall Gambia breastfed infant population rapidly increases during the first year, peaks at around 3 years, but decreases thereafter. Long‐term growth trajectories indicate later start of puberty and slow pubertal growth, but adult weight and height are not reached before 20‐24 years. In adulthood, prevalence of stunting and wasting is much lower than during any period of childhood. Maternal risk factors, such as childhood marriage and poor nutrition before and during pregnancy, need to come into focus to improve birth length and weight and lower high stunting rates. Term breastfed infants from overweight/obese mothers and breastfed infants with rapid weight gain during infancy have increased risk of childhood obesity. Infants who are exclusively breastfed 4‐6 months or receive low protein follow‐up formulas (high‐quality protein) grow slower during the first 2‐3 years than infants fed high‐protein formulas. During follow‐up examinations at 5‐6 years, they have lower BMI and obesity prevalence. Body composition measurements (DEXA) at 5‐8 years in children who were breastfed and received low‐ or high‐protein formula during infancy indicate that breastfeeding and feeding low‐protein formulas are associated with lower gain of fat mass. Longitudinal cohort studies show that high‐protein intake during the first 2 years results in higher BMI at 9 years and during adulthood. The studies presented indicate that breastfeeding but also other pre‐ and postnatal nutritional, epigenetic, and environmental factors influence growth trajectories and long‐term health.
Brain reward-system activation in response to anticipation and consumption of palatable food is altered by glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor activation in humans$$$ AIM: To test the hypothesis that food intake reduction after glucagon‐like peptide‐1 (GLP‐1) receptor activation is mediated through brain areas regulating anticipatory and consummatory food reward. METHODS: As part of a larger study, we determined the effects of GLP‐1 receptor activation on brain responses to anticipation and receipt of chocolate milk versus a tasteless solution, using functional MRI (fMRI). Obese subjects with type 2 diabetes, and obese and lean subjects with normoglycaemia (n = 48) underwent three fMRI sessions at separate visits with intravenous infusion of the GLP‐1 receptor agonist exenatide, exenatide with prior GLP‐1 receptor blockade by exendin‐9‐39 or placebo, during somatostatin pituitary‐pancreatic clamps. RESULTS: Body mass index negatively correlated with brain responses to receipt of chocolate milk and positively correlated with anticipation of receipt of chocolate milk in brain areas regulating reward, appetite and motivation. Exenatide increased brain responses to receipt of chocolate milk and decreased anticipation of receipt of chocolate milk compared with placebo, paralleled by reductions in food intake. Exendin‐9‐39 largely prevented these effects. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings show that GLP‐1 receptor activation decreases anticipatory food reward, which may reduce cravings for food and increases consummatory food reward, which may prevent overeating.
Differential effects of dietary protein sources on postprandial low-grade inflammation after a single high fat meal in obese non-diabetic subjects$$$ BACKGROUND: Obesity is a state of chronic low‐grade inflammation. Chronic low‐grade inflammation is associated with the pathophysiology of both type‐2 diabetes and atherosclerosis. Prevention or reduction of chronic low‐grade inflammation may be advantageous in relation to obesity related co‐morbidity. In this study we investigated the acute effect of dietary protein sources on postprandial low‐grade inflammatory markers after a high‐fat meal in obese non‐diabetic subjects. METHODS: We conducted a randomized, acute clinical intervention study in a crossover design. We supplemented a fat rich mixed meal with one of four dietary proteins ‐ cod protein, whey isolate, gluten or casein. 11 obese non‐diabetic subjects (age: 40‐68, BMI: 30.3‐42.0 kg/m2) participated and blood samples were drawn in the 4 h postprandial period. Adiponectin was estimated by ELISA methods and cytokines were analyzed by multiplex assay. RESULTS: MCP‐1 and CCL5/RANTES displayed significant postprandial dynamics. CCL5/RANTES initially increased after all meals, but overall CCL5/RANTES incremental area under the curve (iAUC) was significantly lower after the whey meal compared with the cod and casein meals (P = 0.0053). MCP‐1 was initially suppressed after all protein meals. However, the iAUC was significantly higher after whey meal compared to the cod and gluten meals (P = 0.04). CONCLUSION: We have demonstrated acute differential effects on postprandial low grade inflammation of four dietary proteins in obese non‐diabetic subjects. CCL5/RANTES initially increased after all meals but the smallest overall postprandial increase was observed after the whey meal. MCP‐1 was initially suppressed after all 4 protein meals and the whey meal caused the smallest overall postprandial suppression. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov ID: NCT00863564.
Effect of the intake of highsds product on metabolic and inflammatory markers in healthy subjects with high metabolic risk$$$ Objectives: The comparison of metabolic and inflammatory responses following the ingestion of cereal products high in Slowly Digestible Starch (SDS) was studied in subjects with impaired glucose tolerance. Methods: In a cross‐over design, 20 (13F/7M) healthy overweight subjects with high metabolic risk participated to 3 sessions: one session testing a glucose solution (54g which is the amount of carbohydrates provided by the two other breakfasts), two sessions testing either a biscuit high in SDS or a rusk without SDS with 250 mL of semi‐skimmed milk and a hot beverage. The 2 sessions with cereal products followed a 3‐week period where the corresponding cereal product was daily consumed. Glycemia, insulinemia, blood lipid profile and markers for inflammation and oxidative stress were followed during a 240‐minute postprandial period. Results: Glycemic responses following both cereal products were lower compared to glucose solution. iAUC(0‐120 min) glycemia was significantly lower (‐32 %) following the breakfast with biscuit high in SDS compared to rusk without SDS. The insulinemic response was also lower following the breakfast with the biscuit compared to the 2 other sessions. No significant difference was observed between the 2 groups with cereal products for blood lipid profile and for the makers of inflammation and oxidative stress. Conclusion: Breakfast with a high‐SDS biscuit led to lower glycemic and insulinemic responses compared to breakfast including a rusk with no SDS in subjects with high metabolic risk. The ingestion for 3 weeks of the cereal products did not modified fasting and postprandial markers of inflammation and oxidative stress.
Beverage consumption patterns among overweight and obese african american women$$$ The goal of this research was to assess patterns of beverage consumption and the contribution of total beverages and classes of beverages to overall energy intake and weight status. We conducted an analysis in a community‐based study of 280 low‐income overweight and obese African American women residing in the rural South. Participants provided baseline data including demographic characteristics, weight and two 24‐h food and beverage dietary recalls. Mean energy intake from beverages was approximately 273 ± 192 kcal/day or 18.3% of total energy intake. The most commonly reported beverage was plain water, consumed by 88.2% of participants, followed closely by sweetened beverages (soft drinks, fruit drinks, sweetened teas, sweetened coffees and sweetened/flavored waters) consumed by 78.9% of participants. In multiple regression analyses total energy and percent energy from beverages and specific categories of beverages were not significantly associated with current body mass index (BMI). It is widely accepted that negative energy balance may lead to future weight loss. Thus, reducing consumption of beverages that contribute energy but not important nutrients (e.g., sugar sweetened beverages) could be an effective strategy for promoting future weight loss in this population.
Combined supplementation of sodium humate and glutamine reduced diarrhea incidence of weaned calves by intestinal microbiota and metabolites changes$$$ This study was conducted to investigate the effects of combined supplementation of sodium humate (HNa) and glutamine (Gln) on growth performance, diarrhea incidence, serum parameters, intestinal microbiome, and metabolites of weaned calves. In Exp. 1, 40 calves were randomly assigned to four treatments: 1) NC (negative control, basal diet), 2) 1% H+1% G (basal diet extra orally gavaged with 1 g of HNa and 1 g of Gln daily), 3) 3% H+1% G (basal diet extra orally gavaged with 3 g of HNa and 1 g of Gln daily), and 4) 5% H+1% G (basal diet extra orally gavaged with 5 g of HNa and 1 g of Gln daily). The HNa and Gln were together mixed with 100 mL of milk replacer (51 to 58 d of age) or water (59 to 72 d of age) and orally administrated to each calf from a bottle before morning feeding. In a 21‐d trial, calves on the 5% HNa+1% Gln group had higher (P < 0.05) average daily gain (ADG) and lower (P < 0.05) diarrhea incidence than those in the control group. In Exp. 2, 20 calves were randomly assigned to two treatments fed with a basal diet and a basal diet supplemented with 100 mL of 5% HNa+1% Gln. In a 21‐d trial, calves supplemented with HNa and Gln had higher (P < 0.05) ADG, IgG concentration and glutathione peroxidase (GSH‐Px), and total antioxidant capacity (T‐AOC) activities in the serum, but lower (P < 0.05) diarrhea incidence, as well as serum diamine oxidase (DAO), D‐isomer of lactic acid (D‐lac), tumor necrosis factor‐α (TNF‐α), and malondialdehyde (MDA) concentrations compared with control group. Results of intestinal microbiota indicated that supplementation with HNa and Gln significantly increased (P < 0.05) the abundance of intestinal beneficial microbiota. Moreover, supplementation with HNa and Gln altered 18 metabolites and enriched 6 Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes pathways in weaned calves. In conclusion, combined supplementation with HNa and Gln could decrease diarrhea incidence of weaned calves via altering intestinal microbial ecology and metabolism profile.
Lower protein in infant formula is associated with lower weight up to age 2 y: a randomized clinical trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Protein intake during infancy was associated with rapid early weight gain and later obesity in observational studies. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to test the hypothesis that higher protein intake in infancy leads to more rapid length and weight gain in the first 2 y of life. DESIGN: In a multicenter European study, 1138 healthy, formula‐fed infants were randomly assigned to receive cow milk‐based infant and follow‐on formula with lower (1.77 and 2.2 g protein/100 kcal, respectively) or higher (2.9 and 4.4 g protein/100 kcal, respectively) protein contents for the first year. For comparison, 619 exclusively breastfed children were also followed. Weight, length, weight‐for‐length, and BMI were determined at inclusion and at 3, 6, 12, and 24 mo of age. The primary endpoints were length and weight at 24 mo of age, expressed as length and weight‐for‐length z scores based on the 2006 World Health Organization growth standards. RESULTS: Six hundred thirty‐six children in the lower (n = 313) and higher (n = 323) protein formula groups and 298 children in the breastfed group were followed until 24 mo. Length was not different between randomized groups at any time. At 24 mo, the weight‐for‐length z score of infants in the lower protein formula group was 0.20 (0.06, 0.34) lower than that of the higher protein group and did not differ from that of the breastfed reference group. CONCLUSIONS: A higher protein content of infant formula is associated with higher weight in the first 2 y of life but has no effect on length. Lower protein intake in infancy might diminish the later risk of overweight and obesity. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00338689.
Safety and Tolerability of Targeted Medical Nutrition for Cachexia in Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer: a Randomized, Double-Blind, Controlled Pilot Trial$$$ Background: This pilot, double‐blind, comparator‐controlled trial evaluated the safety and tolerability of an oral targeted medical nutrition (TMN) supplement for the management of cachexia in patients with non‐small‐cell lung cancer (NSCLC).Methods: Patients receiving first‐line chemotherapy for NSCLC with weight loss or low BMI were randomized 1:1 to receive juice‐based TMN (∼200 kcal$$$ 10 g whey protein$$$ ≥2.0 g eicosapentaenoic acid/docosahexaenoic acid in fish oil$$$ and 10 μg 25‐hydroxy‐vitamin D3) or a milk‐based isocaloric comparator twice daily for 12 weeks (ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT02515032). Primary endpoints included number/type of adverse events and changes in vital signs/laboratory parameters. Secondary endpoints included measures of clinical relevance. Survival was an exploratory endpoint.Results: The TMN group (n = 26$$$ mean 64.4 years) experienced fewer adverse events (64 vs. 87) than the comparator group (n = 29$$$ mean 66.0 years), including fewer cases of neutropenia (0 vs. 4). Compliance was slightly lower in the TMN (58.5%) vs. comparator group (73.6%). There were no statistically significant between‐group differences in efficacy endpoints. Fewer (4 vs. 10) patients who received TMN than comparator had died by 1‐year post baseline.Conclusions: TMN was well tolerated. Trends for improved clinical outcomes with TMN identified in this study warrant further investigation.
Effects of individualized dietary counseling on nutritional status and quality of life in post-discharge patients after surgery for gastric cancer: a randomized clinical trial$$$ Background: Currently, the supporting evidence for dietary counseling is insufficient. The aim of this study is to evaluate the impact of individualized dietary counseling on nutritional outcomes and quality of life (QOL) in patients undergoing surgery for gastric cancer. Methods: This study was a prospective, single‐center, randomized controlled trial. The patients after surgery for gastric cancer were randomly assigned (1:1) to the intervention group and the control group. In the intervention group, patients receive individualized dietary counseling based on individual calorie needs and symptom assessment at 24 h before discharge, 14, 21, 30, and 60 days postoperatively. Patients in the control group received routine dietary counseling. The primary endpoint was body mass index (BMI) loss at 30, 60, and 90 days after surgery$$$ the secondary endpoints were calorie and protein intake at 30 and 60 days after surgery, blood parameters, the 90‐day readmission rate, and QOL at 90 days after surgery. Results: One hundred thirty patients were enrolled$$$ 67 patients were assigned to the intervention group and 63 patients to the control group. Compared with the control group, patients in the intervention group were significantly less BMI loss at 30 days (−0.84 ± 0.65 vs. −1.29 ± 0.83), 60 days (−1.29 ± 0.92 vs. −1.77 ± 1.13), and 90 days (−1.37 ± 1.05 vs. −1.92 ± 1.66) after surgery (all P< 0.05). Subgroups analysis by surgery type showed that the intervention could significantly reduce BMI loss in patients undergoing total and proximal gastrectomy at 30 days (−0.75 ± 0.47 vs. −1.55 ± 1.10), 60 days (−1.59 ± 1.02 vs. −2.55 ± 1.16), and 90 days (−1.44 ± 1.19 vs. −3.26 ± 1.46) after surgery (all P< 0.05). At 60 days after surgery, calorie goals were reached in 35 patients (77.8%) in the intervention group and 14 patients (40.0%) in the control group (P = 0.001), and protein goals were reached in 40 patients (88.9%) in the intervention group and 17 patients (48.6%) in the control group (P< 0.001). Regarding the QOL at 90 days after surgery, the patients in the intervention group had a significantly lower level of fatigue, shortness of breath and stomach pain, better physical function, and cognitive function (P< 0.05). Conclusions: Post‐discharge individualized dietary counseling is an effective intervention to reduce post‐gastrectomy patient weight loss and to elevate calorie intake, protein intake, and QOL.
The effect of dietary counselling on food intakes in pregnant women at risk for gestational diabetes: a secondary analysis of a randomised controlled trial RADIEL$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is increasing worldwide. GDM may be prevented by improving the diets of pregnant women. The objective of this study was to evaluate the effect of dietary counselling on the diets of pregnant women at GDM risk. SUBJECTS/METHODS: This study was a secondary analysis of a randomised controlled trial the Finnish gestational diabetes prevention study (RADIEL) in which pre‐pregnant and pregnant women with previous GDM or BMI ⩾30 kg/m(2) were allocated into two groups, namely the control and the intervention groups. The control group received standard antenatal dietary counselling according to the Finnish Nutrition Recommendations. The intervention group participated in one individual dietary counselling session and one group dietary counselling session in addition to the standard counselling. This study included women who were recruited during pregnancy. To assess changes in food intake, food‐intake questionnaires were collected during the first and the second trimester of pregnancy. Bootstrap type analysis of covariance was used, and 242 participants were included in the final analysis to study changes in food intake. RESULTS: The intakes of low‐fat cheese (baseline adjusted mean 0.09 times/day$$$ 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.07, 0.24$$$ P=0.040) and fish (baseline adjusted mean 0.28 times per week$$$ 95% CI 0.08, 0.49$$$ P=0.011) showed a significant increase in the intervention group compared with the control group. CONCLUSIONS: This study showed that dietary counselling in early pregnancy can lead to modest dietary improvements in pregnant women at GDM risk.
Postprandial Glycemic and Insulinemic Responses to Common Breakfast Beverages Consumed with a Standard Meal in Adults Who Are Overweight and Obese$$$ Breakfast beverages with different nutrient compositions may affect postprandial glycemic control differently. We assessed the effects of consuming (1) common breakfast beverages (water, sugar‐sweetened coffee, reduced‐energy orange juice (OJ), and low‐fat milk (LFM))$$$ and (2) fat‐free, low‐fat, and whole milk with breakfast on postprandial plasma glucose and insulin responses in adults who were overweight/obese. Forty‐six subjects (33F/13M, body mass index: 32.5 ± 0.7 kg/m², age: 50 ± 1 years, mean ± SEMs) consumed a standard sandwich with one of the six beverages on separate mornings in randomized order. The test beverages (except water) each contained 12 g digestible carbohydrate. Plasma glucose and insulin concentrations were measured from blood obtained pre‐ and post‐meal at 30‐min intervals for 4 h and incremental areas under the curve (AUC) were computed. We found (1) among different beverage types, glucose AUC was higher for coffee versus water, OJ, and LFM. Insulin AUC was higher for coffee and LFM versus OJ and water$$$ (2) Glucose AUCs were not different among water and milks while insulin AUC was higher for milks versus water. In conclusion, consumption of water, reduced‐energy OJ, or milk (irrespective of fat content) with a meal may be preferable to consuming sugar‐sweetened coffee for glucose control in middle‐aged adults who are overweight and obese.
Does a home-based lifestyle intervention improve breastfeeding rates in socioeconomically disadvantaged (SED) obese women?$$$ OBJECTIVE: SED, obese women are comparatively less likely to breastfeed. Prior studies suggest the highest increases in breastfeeding (BF) occur from individual‐level BF education and support interventions available during pregnancy and after delivery. However, data remain limited on the effectiveness on these interventions among SED women. We aimed to test the efficacy of an antepartum and postpartum home‐based lifestyle intervention on BF rates in this population. STUDY DESIGN: This prospective study was nested within a randomized control trial occurring at a single university‐based tertiary care center from 2013‐2016 as part of the LIFE‐Moms consortium (NCT01768793). SED, obese women with singleton gestations were randomized by 15 weeks to Parents as Teachers (PAT)‐a parenting support and child development intervention‐or PAT+, PAT with behavior interventions to decrease excessive weight gain and increase BF rates. Consenting women completed a well‐validated BF survey at 6‐12 months postpartum. The primary outcome was BF initiation. Secondary outcomes were reasons for not initiating or stopping BF. RESULTS: 118 women completed the survey: 59 in PAT+ and 59 in PAT. BF initiation rates were similar in each group. On a 1‐4 scale with higher scores denoting more importance, there were no statistically significant differences among reasons for not initiating BF. On the same scale, women in PAT+ and PAT similarly rated their difficulty latching, concern for low milk supply, or pain during BF as the most important reasons for BF cessation. Comparatively, those in PAT+ were less likely to rate their desire to leave their baby for several hours, their medication use, or their desire to return to prior diet as important reasons for BF cessation (1.49 vs 1.98, aOR 0.39 (95% CI 0.16‐0.98)$$$ 1.40 vs 1.86$$$ aOR 0.33 (95% CI 0.12‐0.93)$$$ 1.29 vs 1.72, aOR 0.32 (95% CI 0.11‐0.95), respectively). CONCLUSION: Among SED, obese women, a home‐based lifestyle intervention did not improve BF initiation rates or impact views on BF initiation or common reasons for BF cessation. Other educational interventions are needed to improve BF rates in this at‐risk population. (Table Presented).
Birth weight$$$ postnatal, infant, and childhood growth$$$ and obesity in young adulthood: evidence from the Barry Caerphilly Growth Study$$$ BACKGROUND: Birth weight has been shown to be positively associated with adult obesity, but relatively few studies have examined the associations with growth in specific periods of early childhood. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to assess the association of measures of growth between birth and 5 y of age with adult measures of adiposity. DESIGN: We conducted a longitudinal study of young adults from Barry and Caerphilly, United Kingdom, who had previously taken part between 1972 and 1974 in a randomized controlled trial of milk supplementation. We reexamined 679 men and women (72% of the target population) to measure body mass index (BMI$$$ in kg/m(2)), waist‐to‐hip ratio, sagittal abdominal diameter, and waist circumference. RESULTS: An increase in weight velocity from 1 y and 9 mo to 5 y of age was the most important predictor of BMI, waist circumference, and sagittal abdominal diameter. A z‐score increase in weight gain in this period was associated with an increase in BMI of 1.13 (95% CI: 0.69, 1.57$$$ P < 0.001). Infant weight gain from 5 mo to 1 y and 9 mo was the strongest predictor of waist‐to‐hip ratio (0.51$$$ 95% CI: 0.00, 1.02$$$ P = 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Birth weight does not predict adiposity on the basis of weight gain in childhood. The association between adult adiposity and weight gain in different periods is variable and depends on the measure of adiposity that is used. It remains unclear whether early childhood is the optimum period in the life course for the primary prevention of adult adiposity.
The effects of feeding practices and appetitive traits on infant anthropometry in 6-month infants born to obese women-a secondary analysis of the UPBEAT trial$$$ INTRODUCTION: Obesity in pregnancy has been associated with obesity in the offspring. Mode and/or intensity of infant feeding may be a potential target amenable to intervention and thereby prevention of childhood obesity amongst infants of obese pregnant women. The objective was to investigate the role of early life feeding practices, including mode and feeding behaviours on measures of body composition in 6mth old infants born to obese women from the UPBEAT RCT of a complex lifestyle intervention. METHODS: In 353 infants, we examined: 1) The effect of the intervention on early life feeding practices 2) the associations between early life feeding practices and body composition or growth, 3) relationships between mode of feeding with appetite and satiety and 4) the relationship between appetite and satiety with body composition. RESULTS: There was no effect of the intervention on early feeding practices. Using linear regression following adjustment for maternal and infant confounders, formula feeding was associated with significantly higher weight z‐scores (mean difference 0.26$$$ 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.01 to 0.52), and rate of weight gain (0.04$$$ 0.00 to 0.07), at 6 months of age, in comparison to infants exclusively breastfed. Formula feeding was also associated with increased odds ratio of catch up growth (2.40$$$ 1.40 to 4.12) and reduced enjoyment of food (coefficient‐0.75$$$ 95% CI‐1.24 to‐0.27) in comparison to children who were breastfed. Measures of general appetite as assessed by the Baby Eating Behaviour Questionnaire were associated with infant subscapular skinfold thickness, total body fat and weight z‐scores. These associations were independent of cord blood leptin concentration and mode of feeding. CONCLUSION: Breast feeding amongst obese women, being associated with lower growth velocity and lower infant weight than in formula fed infants, should be strongly supported. (Figure presented).
A clinical pharmacological study of the potential beneficial effects of a propolis food product as an adjuvant in asthmatic patients$$$ The aqueous extract of propolis has been formulated as a nutritional food product and administered, as an adjuvant to therapy, to patients with mild to moderate asthma daily for 2 months in the framework of a comparative clinical study in parallel with a placebo preparation. The diagnosis of asthma was made according to the criteria of patient classification of the National Institutes of Health and Global Initiative for Asthma Management. At inclusion, the pulmonary forced expiratory volume in the first second (FEV1) as a percentage of the forced vital capacity (FVC) was more than 80% in mild persistent cases, and between 60 and 80% in moderate persistent cases, showing an increase in the degree of reversibility of > 15% in FEV1. All patients were on oral theophylline as controller therapy, none was receiving oral or inhaled corticosteroids, none had other comorbidities necessitating medical treatment, and all were from a middle‐class community and had suffered from asthma for the last 2‐5 years. Twenty‐four patients received the placebo, with one drop‐out during the study, while 22 received the propolis extract, with no drop‐outs. The age range of the patients was 19‐52 years$$$ 36 were male and 10 female. The number of nocturnal attacks was recorded on a weekly basis, while pulmonary function tests were performed on all patients at the beginning of the trial, 1 month later and at the termination of the trial. Immunological parameters, including various cytokines and eicosanoids known to play a role in asthma, were measured in all patients at the beginning of the trial and 2 months later. Analysis of the results at the end of the clinical study revealed that patients receiving propolis showed a marked reduction in the incidence and severity of nocturnal attacks and improvement of ventilatory functions. The number of nocturnal attacks dropped from an average of 2.5 attacks per week to only 1. The improvement in pulmonary functions was manifested as a nearly 19% increase in FVC, a 29.5% increase in FEV1, a 30% increase in peak expiratory flow rate (PEFR), and a 41% increase in the forced expiratory flow rate between 25 and 75% of the vital capacity (FEF25‐75). The clinical improvement was associated with decreases by 52, 65, 44 and 30%, respectively, of initial values for the pro‐inflammatory cytokines tumor necrosis factor (TNF)‐alpha, ICAM‐1, interleukin (IL)‐6 and IL‐8, and a 3‐fold increase in the 'protective' cytokine IL‐10. The levels of prostaglandins E2 and F2alpha and leukotriene D4 were decreased significantly to 36, 39, and 28%, respectively, of initial values. Patients on the placebo preparation showed no significant improvement in ventilatory functions or in the levels of mediators. The findings suggest that the aqueous propolis extract tested is potentially effective as an adjuvant to therapy in asthmatic patients. The benefits may be related to the presence in the extract of caffeic acid derivatives and other active constituents.
Treatment of skin papillomas with topical alpha-lactalbumin-oleic acid$$$ BACKGROUND: We studied the effect on skin papillomas of topical application of a complex of alpha‐lactalbumin and oleic acid (often referred to as human alpha‐lactalbumin made lethal to tumor cells [HAMLET]) to establish proof of the principle that alpha‐lactalbumin‐oleic acid kills transformed cells but not healthy, differentiated cells. METHODS: Forty patients with cutaneous papillomas that were resistant to conventional treatment were enrolled in a randomized, placebo‐controlled, double‐blind study, in which alpha‐lactalbumin‐oleic acid or saline placebo was applied daily for three weeks and the change in the volume of each lesion was recorded. After this first phase of the study, 34 patients participated in the second phase, an open‐label trial of a three‐week course of alpha‐lactalbumin‐oleic acid. Approximately two years after the end of the open‐label phase of the study, 38 of the original 40 patients were examined, and long‐term follow‐up data were obtained. RESULTS: In the first phase of the study, the lesion volume was reduced by 75 percent or more in all 20 patients in the alpha‐lactalbumin‐oleic acid group, and in 88 of 92 papillomas$$$ in the placebo group, a similar effect was evident in only 3 of 20 patients (15 of 74 papillomas) (P<0.001). After the patients in the initial placebo group had been treated with alpha‐lactalbumin‐oleic acid in the second phase of the study, a median reduction of 82 percent in lesion volume was observed. At follow‐up two years after the end of the second phase, all lesions had completely resolved in 83 percent of the patients treated with alpha‐lactalbumin‐oleic acid, and the time to resolution was shorter in the group originally assigned to receive alpha‐lactalbumin‐oleic acid than among patients originally in the placebo group (2.4 vs. 9.9 months$$$ P<0.01). No adverse reactions were reported, and there was no difference in the outcomes of treatment between immunocompetent and immunosuppressed patients. CONCLUSIONS: Treatment with topical alpha‐lactalbumin‐oleic acid has a beneficial and lasting effect on skin papillomas.
Treatment of skin papillomas with topical alpha-lactalbumin-oleic acid$$$ BACKGROUND: We studied the effect on skin papillomas of topical application of a complex of alpha‐lactalbumin and oleic acid (often referred to as human alpha‐lactalbumin made lethal to tumor cells [HAMLET]) to establish proof of the principle that alpha‐lactalbumin‐oleic acid kills transformed cells but not healthy, differentiated cells. METHODS: Forty patients with cutaneous papillomas that were resistant to conventional treatment were enrolled in a randomized, placebo‐controlled, double‐blind study, in which alpha‐lactalbumin‐oleic acid or saline placebo was applied daily for three weeks and the change in the volume of each lesion was recorded. After this first phase of the study, 34 patients participated in the second phase, an open‐label trial of a three‐week course of alpha‐lactalbumin‐oleic acid. Approximately two years after the end of the open‐label phase of the study, 38 of the original 40 patients were examined, and long‐term follow‐up data were obtained. RESULTS: In the first phase of the study, the lesion volume was reduced by 75 percent or more in all 20 patients in the alpha‐lactalbumin‐oleic acid group, and in 88 of 92 papillomas$$$ in the placebo group, a similar effect was evident in only 3 of 20 patients (15 of 74 papillomas) (P<0.001). After the patients in the initial placebo group had been treated with alpha‐lactalbumin‐oleic acid in the second phase of the study, a median reduction of 82 percent in lesion volume was observed. At follow‐up two years after the end of the second phase, all lesions had completely resolved in 83 percent of the patients treated with alpha‐lactalbumin‐oleic acid, and the time to resolution was shorter in the group originally assigned to receive alpha‐lactalbumin‐oleic acid than among patients originally in the placebo group (2.4 vs. 9.9 months$$$ P<0.01). No adverse reactions were reported, and there was no difference in the outcomes of treatment between immunocompetent and immunosuppressed patients. CONCLUSIONS: Treatment with topical alpha‐lactalbumin‐oleic acid has a beneficial and lasting effect on skin papillomas.
Synbiotic and nutrients supplement improved of Secretory Immunoglobulin A (sIgA) in treated pulmonary tuberculosis patients$$$ Basically, bacterial populations in the gut ecosystem of healthy people who eat a balance diet are generally stable. Used of anti‐tuberculosis drugs that consist of several antibiotics was alterating of the human gut microbiota. To analyze efficacy of milk‐based protein supplement, synbiotic and micronutrients supplements on maintaining of microflora balance and increasing of sIgA level of treated pulmonary tuberculosis patient. A double‐blind randomized treatment‐control trial design. Data of microflora population of Lactobacillus sp. and Bifidobacterium sp. in human fecal was enumerated using plate count method and counting chambers method. Determination of secretory IgA (sIgA) in saliva was using sIgA ELISA Kit. Both subjects of treatment and control groups got same standard package of anti‐tuberculosis drugs and MBP supplementation, except of treatment subjects were given synbiotic and micronutrients. Wilcoxon signed ranks test and Mann‐WhitneyU‐test. After first month of intervention, total colony of Lactobacillus sp. and Bifidobacterium sp. were higher in treatment group than control groups (p < 0.05). sIgA concentration in saliva of treatment group did not changes (p > 0.05) in all phase, contrary in the control group sIgA titers after 6 mo was declined (p < 0.05). There was positive effect of these supplements to maintain balance of gut microflora and stimulating sIgA secretion during TB chemotherapy.
Oral nutritional supplement for children with cancer: 7 different high-energy drinks compared to cacao, a double-blinded feeding trial$$$ Background: In order to increase energy intake in children with cancer under chemotherapy who cannot meet the required energy intake many different high‐energy commercially available drinks are offered. However children often don't like them and refuse them. This prospective study aimed to examine the taste preference of in Germany commercially available oral nutritional supplements. Methods: In this double‐blinded trial, 26 children and adolescents with a median age of 14 years (range 6 ‐ 20 years) were asked during chemotherapy to try 7 different commercially available high‐energy drinks and hypo‐caloric cacao as a control. The patients were given the same small amount for each drink and had to answer questions about the drinks e.g. rating the taste, colour and temperature by a scale of 1 ‐ 6. Results: We found that cacao was the best accepted drink. Frebini® Energy Drink Strawberry was rated lower than cacao, although not statistically significantly. All other drinks were rated significantly lower than cacao. The third‐ and fourth best rated drinks, NutriniDrink Smoothie Summer Fruits and Energea P enriched with cacao did not differ significantly from Frebini® Energy Drink Strawberry. Commercially available HIPP Drinking Food Milk/Banana, Energea P, HIPP Drinking Food Pumpkin & Carrot, HIPP Drinking Food Chicken Tomatoes & Fennel were not accepted. Cacao, Frebini® Energy Drink Strawberry and Energea P/cacao were tasted as sweet and NutriniDrink Smoothie Summer Fruits as sour. Conclusion: Cacao and Frebini® Energy Drink Strawberry were best accepted by the children perhaps because they are familiar with this flavour. Cacao could be offered as a cheap first choice. To achieve a high energy drink the cacao could be enriched with the unflavoured Energea P.
Prophylaxis of suppurative and inflammatory postoperative complications in lung cancer patients using antioxidant and immunomodulating drugs$$$ Objectives: Homeostasis in cancer patients is characterized with disorders in natural resistance system, which are pathogenic factors for the development of postoperative complications. The aim of the study was to reduce the postoperative suppurative and inflammatory complications in lung cancer patients through perioperative supportive therapy with antioxidant and immunomodulating drugs. Methods: Antioxidant preparations, laprot (LP, human milk lactoferrin) and ceruloplasmin (CP, human blood ceruloplasmin), and immunomodulators, Imunophan (IM, a synthetic hexapeptide) and galavit (GL, a phthalhydrozide derivative) were used. Lung cancer patients undergoing surgery (n=148) were randomized into groups according to their clinical status, perioperative therapy, and surgical treatment: control group (n=47) without supportive therapy, and four groups treated with various combinations of antioxidant and immunomodulating drugs, 'CP+GL' (n=24), 'LP+IM' (n=31), 'LP+GL' (n=28), and 'CP+IM' (n=18). The number and severity of complications were registered. Examination of laboratory indices of peripheral blood cells, immune and antioxidant status were performed before and after the preand postoperative supportive therapy. Results: Leukocytosis or leukopenia, especially in combination with immunosuppression, before surgical treatment indicate high‐risk of developing postoperative complications and may serve as the criteria for administration of antioxidant and immunomodulating drugs. Suppurative and inflammatory complications were detected in 12.8% of patients from the control group, and 83.3% of them were severe (pleura empyema and pneumonia). In 'LP+IM' group, complications were detected in 9.7% of patients, but only 33.3% of them were severe (pneumonia). No complications were observed in 'CP+IM' group. Conclusions: Perioperative supportive therapy, especially one that includes Imunophan in combination with ceruloplasmin or laprot, reduces the number and severity of suppurative and inflammatory postoperative complications.
Suppression of gut microbiota dysbiosis and alleviation of severe diarrhea by ingestion of probiotic bifidobacterium bifidum yit 10347 in Japanese recipients of helicobacter pylori eradication therapy$$$ Background and Aim: A main cause of diarrhea following Helicobacter pylori eradication therapy is gut microbiota dysbiosis. We conducted a randomized double‐blind placebo‐controlled clinical trial to examine the effect of probiotic Bifidobacterium bifidum YIT10347 on H. pylori eradication, diarrhea, and gut microbiota dysbiosis. Methods: Participants were 228 Japanese patients who were randomized into an active group or placebo group, and ingested 100 mL of either fermented milk containing B. bifidum YIT10347 (active group) or non‐fermented milk (placebo group) once daily for 17 weeks. Triple therapy (lansoprazole 30 mg bid, amoxicillin 750 mg bid, clarithromycin 200 mg bid) was treated at week 8 for 1 week to eradicate H. pylori (HpBF study), and side effects and rate of eradication were evaluated. Gut microbiota of 16 participants per group were analyzed by 16S rDNA metagenomic sequencing and the UniFrac index was used to evaluate gut microbiota dysbiosis. Results: H. pylori eradication rate and the occurrence of side effects did not significantly differ between the groups, except that the occurrence of severe diarrhea ≥4 days was significantly lower in the active group. Gut microbiota dysbiosis occurred in both the groups, but the increase in the UniFrac index was significantly suppressed in the active group. Recovery of gut microbiota was significantly earlier in the active group (2‐4 weeks than in the placebo group (8 weeks). Conclusion: Ingestion of probiotic B. bifidum YIT10347 suppressed gut microbial dysbiosis and alleviated severe diarrhea in Japanese recipients of H. pylori eradication therapy.
Racial and ethnic differences associated with feeding- and activity-related behaviors in infants$$$ OBJECTIVE: To examine parental reports of feeding and activity behaviors in a cohort of parents of 2‐month‐olds and how they differ by race/ethnicity. METHODS: Parents participating in Greenlight, a cluster, randomized trial of obesity prevention at 4 health centers, were queried at enrollment about feeding and activity behaviors thought to increase obesity risk. Unadjusted associations between race/ethnicity and the outcomes of interest were performed by using Pearson χ(2) and Kruskal‐Wallis tests. Adjusted analyses were performed by using proportional odds logistic regressions. RESULTS: Eight hundred sixty‐three parents (50% Hispanic, 27% black, 18% white$$$ 86% Medicaid) were enrolled. Exclusive formula feeding was more than twice as common (45%) as exclusive breastfeeding (19%)$$$ 12% had already introduced solid food$$$ 43% put infants to bed with bottles$$$ 23% propped bottles$$$ 20% always fed when the infant cried$$$ 38% always tried to get children to finish milk$$$ 90% were exposed to television (mean, 346 minutes/day)$$$ 50% reported active television watching (mean, 25 minutes/day)$$$ and 66% did not meet "tummy time" recommendations. Compared with white parents, black parents were more likely to put children to bed with a bottle (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] = 1.97, P < .004$$$ bottle propping, aOR = 3.1, P < .001), and report more television watching (aOR = 1.6, P = .034). Hispanic parents were more likely than white parents to encourage children to finish feeding (aOR = 1.9, P = .007), bottle propping (aOR = 2.5, P = .009), and report less tummy time (aOR = 0.6, P = .037). CONCLUSIONS: Behaviors thought to relate to later obesity were highly prevalent in this large, diverse sample and varied by race/ethnicity, suggesting the importance of early and culturally‐adapted interventions.
Placement and promotion strategies to increase sales of healthier products in supermarkets in low-income, ethnically diverse neighborhoods: a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: The greater presence of supermarkets in low‐income, high‐minority neighborhoods has the potential to positively affect diet quality among those at greatest risk of obesity. In‐store marketing strategies that draw attention to healthier products may be effective, sustainable, and scalable for improving diet quality and health. Few controlled studies of in‐store marketing strategies to promote sales of healthier items in low‐income, high‐minority neighborhoods have been conducted. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to evaluate the effects of in‐store marketing strategies to promote the purchase of specific healthier items in 5 product categories: milk, ready‐to‐eat cereal, frozen meals, in‐aisle beverages, and checkout cooler beverages. DESIGN: The design was a cluster‐randomized controlled trial conducted from 2011 to 2012. Eight urban supermarkets in low‐income, high‐minority neighborhoods were the unit of randomization, intervention, and analysis. Stores were matched on the percentage of sales from government food‐assistance programs and store size and randomly assigned to an intervention or control group. The 4 intervention stores received a 6‐mo, in‐store marketing intervention that promoted the sales of healthier products through placement, signage, and product availability strategies. The 4 control stores received no intervention and were assessment‐only controls. The main outcome measure was weekly sales of the targeted products, which was assessed on the basis of the stores' sales data. RESULTS: Intervention stores showed significantly greater sales of skim and 1% milk, water (in aisle and at checkout), and 2 of 3 types of frozen meals compared with control store sales during the same time period. No differences were found between the stores in sales of cereal, whole or 2% milk, beverages, or diet beverages. CONCLUSIONS: These data indicate that straightforward placement strategies can significantly enhance the sales of healthier items in several food and beverage categories. Such strategies show promise for significant public health effects in communities with the greatest risk of obesity.
A Pilot Feasibility Randomized Controlled Trial of Effects of Opaque Bottles on Maternal Sensitivity, Infant Intake, and Infant Weight Status$$$ BACKGROUND: Conventional clear infant feeding bottles provide visual cues about the amount of milk consumed, which may decrease caregivers' sensitivity to infant cues, increase infant intake, and lead to greater infant weight gain. OBJECTIVE: This study examined feasibility, adherence, acceptability, and preliminary effectiveness of an intervention in which families received clear vs opaque bottles. DESIGN: A pilot feasibility randomized controlled trial was conducted. PARTICIPANTS/SETTING: Participants included mothers (N = 76) with young infants (2.9 ± 1.4 months old). Data collection occurred between December 2018 and July 2022 and within San Luis Obispo and Santa Barbara Counties, California. All assessments occurred within participants' homes. INTERVENTION: Participants were randomized to use clear (Clear group, n = 38) or opaque (Opaque group, n = 38) bottles for 12 weeks. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: We assessed feasibility of recruitment and retention, participant perceptions of study bottles, participant adherence to the intervention, maternal sensitivity to cues, infant intake (mL and mL/kg), and infant weight‐for‐length z‐scores (WLZ). STATISTICAL ANALYSES PERFORMED: Data were analyzed using linear regression, χ2 analysis, and repeated‐measures analysis of variance (ANOVA). RESULTS: Of 842 potential participants, 295 (35%) could not be reached after initial contact, 166 (20%) declined to participate, and 305 (36%) were ineligible. Of those who declined, 16 (10%) declined because they did not want to use study bottles. No differences were observed for loss to follow‐up for Clear (8 of 38$$$ 21%) vs Opaque (5 of 38$$$ 13%) groups (P = 0.36) or for reported use of assigned bottles for Clear (89.8% ± 24.5% of daily feedings) vs Opaque (90.1% ± 22.1%) groups (P = 0.96). No group differences were observed for sensitivity to cues (P = 0.52) or intake (mL, P = 0.53 or mL/kg, P = 0.56) at follow‐up. Opaque group infants had lower WLZ at follow‐up compared with Clear group infants (mean difference, 0.47$$$ 95% confidence interval, 0.08, 0.86$$$ ηp2 = 0.17), adjusting for baseline WLZ. CONCLUSIONS: Relative to providing clear bottles, providing families with opaque bottles appeared feasible and acceptable, with good adherence. Although preliminary, study findings suggest the potential of opaque bottles to support healthier weight outcomes for bottle‐fed infants.
Protein supplementation lowers blood pressure in overweight adults: effect of dietary proteins on blood pressure (PROPRES), a randomized trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Dietary protein intake may help to manage blood pressure (BP) and prevent complications associated with elevated BP. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to determine whether 4 wk of increased protein intake (∼25% compared with ∼15% of energy intake that isoenergetically replaces carbohydrate intake) lowers office and daytime BP compared with increased carbohydrate intake. DESIGN: A randomized, double‐blind, parallel study compared consumption of 3 × 20 g protein/d (20% pea, 20% soy, 30% egg, and 30% milk‐protein isolate) with 3 × 20 g maltodextrin/d. Protein or maltodextrin were isoenergetically substituted for a sugar‐sweetened drink. Primary outcomes were office and daytime BP. A total of 99 men and women [age range: 20‐70 y$$$ BMI (in kg/m²): 25‐35] with untreated elevated BP (BP ≥130/85 and <160/100 mm Hg) were randomly assigned. Ninety‐four completers (51 subjects in the maltodextrin group, 43 subjects in the protein group) were included in the analyses. RESULTS: Office systolic blood pressure (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) were 4.9 ± 1.7 mm Hg (P = 0.005) and 2.7 ± 1.3 mm Hg (P = 0.05) lower, respectively, in the protein group. Daytime SBP was 4.6 ± 1.7 mm Hg lower in the protein group (P = 0.006), whereas daytime DBP did not differ between groups (P = 0.37). Urinary sodium excretion was higher in the maltodextrin group (P = 0.004). CONCLUSION: Increased protein intake, at the expense of maltodextrin, lowers BP in overweight adults with upper‐range prehypertension and grade 1 hypertension. This trial was registered at www.trialregister.nl as NTR 1362.
Protein Supplementation at Breakfast and Lunch for 24 Weeks beyond Habitual Intakes Increases Whole-Body Lean Tissue Mass in Healthy Older Adults$$$ BACKGROUND: Key areas of research on the preservation of lean tissue mass (LTM) during aging are determinations of the protein requirement and optimal protein intake at meals. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to determine the effect of protein supplementation at breakfast and lunch for 24 wk beyond habitual intakes on whole‐body LTM in healthy adults aged 50‐70 y. METHODS: In a single‐blinded, randomized, controlled design, 60 healthy older men and women (aged 61 ± 5 y) with a body mass index (in kg/m(2)) of 25.8 ± 3.6 consumed either 0.165 g/kg body mass of a milk‐based protein matrix (PRO) or an isoenergetic, nonnitrogenous maltodextrin control (CON) at breakfast and midday meals, the lower protein‐containing meals of the day, for 24 wk. Dual‐energy X‐ray absorptiometry was used to measure the change in LTM. RESULTS: After the intervention, protein intake in the PRO group increased from 0.23 ± 0.1 to 0.40 ± 0.1 g/kg for breakfast and from 0.31 ± 0.2 to 0.47 ± 2 g/kg for the midday meal. In response, LTM increased by 0.45 (95% CI: 0.06, 0.83) kg in the PRO group compared with a decrease of 0.16 (95% CI: ‐0.49, 0.17) kg in the CON group (P = 0.006). Appendicular LTM accounted for the majority of the difference in LTM, increasing by 0.27 (95% CI: 0.05, 0.48) kg in the PRO group compared with no change in the CON group (P = 0.002). CONCLUSIONS: Protein supplementation at breakfast and lunch for 24 wk in healthy older adults resulted in a positive (+0.6 kg) difference in LTM compared with an isoenergetic, nonnitrogenous maltodextrin control. These observations suggest that an optimized and balanced distribution of meal protein intakes could be beneficial in the preservation of lean tissue mass in the elderly. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02529124.
Comparative study of fatty meal versus Drotaverine hydrochloride versus Hyoscine-N-butylbromide for duodenal antimotility and ease of cannulation during endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography$$$ Endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography (ERCP) is a technically demanding procedure that requires considerable amount of training to be performed safely. Successful cannulation without complications usually depends on the expertise of the endoscopist. Conventionally, cannulation is facilitated with the help of Hyoscine‐N‐butyl bromide or Drotaverine, smooth muscle relaxants to impair duodenal contractions and sphincter of Oddi relaxation. This study is to compare the effect of fatty meal (1.7 % fat containing milk of 200 mL) vs. Drotaverine hydrochloride vs. Hyoscine‐N‐butyl bromide on duodenal contraction rate, to identify the ampulla, time for cannulation, adverse events during ERCP. Sixty patients admitted for ERCP with normal appearing ampulla on endoscopy at Madras Medical College and Hospital, Chennai, fulfilling the inclusion criteria were taken up for the study. Patients were subjected randomly into the three groups. Fatty meal, 200 mL of skimmed milk (1.7 % fat) was given orally, one hour prior to the procedure, to allow for gastric emptying. Results: The difference in duodenal motility, cannulation time and success of the procedure did not show a statistically significant “p” value. Where‐as, the statistical analysis showed a significant “p” value for change in pulse rate and blood pressure variation during the procedure, which was higher with Hyoscine‐N‐butyl bromide group. Conclusion: In the current study 1.7 % fat containing milk of 200 mL is not inferior to the conventionally used Hyoscine‐N‐butyl bromide or its alternate Drotaverine for its antimotility effect on the duodenum during ERCP. The cannulation time is no different within the groups. The identification of ampulla was easier with the fatty meal group. There is a possibility of higher increase in pulse rate and blood pressure in patients with ischemic heart disease with the use of Hyoscine‐N‐butyl bromide. This shows milk can replace the conventionally used drugs during ERCP.
Effects of fish oil supplementation on pregnancy outcomes in pregnant women referred to kosar hospital$$$ The hypothesis of a protective effect of fish oil supplementation in preventing some consequences of pregnancy such as gestational hypertension is put forward which has attracted increasing attention. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the effect of fish oil supplementation on outcomes of pregnancy. This study was a clinical trial performed on 339 women with singleton pregnancy aged 18‐35 and gestational age of 20 weeks who visited prenatal clinic at Kosar Hospital in Qazvin during 2015‐2016. Patients were randomly divided into two groups marked as intervention group which received soft gelatin capsules (each containing 1000 mg fish oil including 120 mg DHA and 180 mg EPA) on a daily basis from the 20th week to the end of pregnancy, and the women in the control group with no fish oil intake. The outcomes of pregnancy including preeclampsia, eclampsia, preterm labor, gestational diabetes, weight, height, head circumference at birth and the gestational age at delivery were evaluated in both groups. Data were analyzed using statistical tests including Mann‐Whitney U test and t‐test. There was significant difference in gestational age between the two study groups (P < 0.05). There was no significant difference in the percentage of preterm birth, preeclampsia, eclampsia, IUGR, and GDM between the two groups (P > 0.05). The results of this study showed that consumption of fish oil supplements from 20th week of gestation by 18‐35 year‐old pregnant women increased pregnancy age but failed to decrease the percentage of preterm birth, preeclampsia, eclampsia, IUGR, and GDM.
Carbohydrate-rich foods: glycaemic indices and the effect of constituent macronutrients$$$ The glycaemic index (GI) ranks foods according to their acute glycaemic impact and is used in planning meals for patients invoking glycaemic control through diet. Kurakkan (Eleusine coracana) flour roti, rice flour roti, atta flour roti, boiled breadfruit (Artocarpus altilis/Artocarpus communis) and boiled legumes (mungbean, cowpea and chickpea) were categorized as low‐GI foods (relative to white bread$$$ Prima Crust Top), and the corresponding GI (+/‐ standard error of the mean) values were 70+/‐8, 69+/‐7, 67+/‐9, 64+/‐7, 57+/‐6, 49+/‐8 and 29+/‐5, respectively. Kurakkan flour pittu and wheat flour roti were classified as medium‐GI foods with GI values of 85+/‐6 and 72+/‐6. Hoppers, rice flour pittu, wheat flour pittu and Olu‐milk rice (seeds of Nymphaea lotus) were categorized as high‐GI foods, and the corresponding GI (+/‐ standard error of the mean) values were 120+/‐8, 103+/‐7, 101+/‐8 and 91+/‐8, respectively. The GI values significantly (P<0.01) and negatively correlated with the insoluble dietary fibre (rho = ‐ 0.780), soluble dietary fibre (rho = ‐ 0.712) and protein (rho = ‐ 0.738) contents in grams per 100 g digestible starch containing foods.
Time of day influences relative glycaemic effect of foods$$$ To see if time of day affected the relative glycaemic effect of foods, we studied 8 non‐diabetic subjects in random order on 4 days over a 2‐week period. They were given 50g carbohydrate portions of corn or oat‐psyllium cereal plus 200ml 2% milk. Each test meal was taken either at 08:00h after a 10‐12h overnight fast, or at 12:00h, 3.5h after a standard breakfast. The incremental area under the glycaemic response curve for corn cereal taken at breakfast was greater than that at lunch, 103±13 versus 52±6 mmol · min/L (p<0.01), with the respective values for oat cereal being 52±12 and 41 ± 11 mmol · min/L (ns). The response to the oat cereal was 50% less than that of the corn cereal (p<0.01) when taken at breakfast, but the difference at lunch, 21%, was not statistically significant. Thus, time of day may influence the absolute and relative glycaemic responses to foods in non‐ diabetic subjects. Further studies are needed to see if the same occurs in persons with diabetes.
Phytosterols and Omega 3 Supplementation Exert Novel Regulatory Effects on Metabolic and Inflammatory Pathways: a Proteomic Study$$$ Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains one of the major causes of death and disability worldwide. In addition to drug treatment, nutritional interventions or supplementations are becoming a health strategy for CVD prevention. Phytosterols (PhyS) are natural components that have been shown to reduce cholesterol levels$$$ while poly‐unsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), mainly omega‐3 (ω3) fatty acids, have shown to reduce triglyceride levels. Here we aimed to investigate whether the proteins in the main lipoproteins (low density lipoproteins (LDL) and high density lipoproteins (HDL)) as well as proteins in the lipid free plasma fraction (LPDP) were regulated by the intake of PhyS‐milk or ω3‐milk, in overweight healthy volunteers by a proteomic based systems biology approach. The study was a longitudinal crossover trial, including thirty‐two healthy volunteers with body mass index (BMI) 25‐35 kg/m² (Clinical Trial: ISRCTN78753338). Basal samples before any intervention and after 4 weeks of intake of PhyS or ω3‐milk were analyzed. Proteomic profiling by two dimensional electrophoresis (2‐DE) followed by mass spectrometry‐(MALDI/TOF), ELISA, Western blot, conventional biochemical analysis, and in‐silico bioinformatics were performed. The intake of PhyS‐milk did not induce changes in the lipid associated plasma protein fraction, whereas ω3‐milk significantly increased apolipoprotein (Apo)‐ E LDL content (p = 0.043) and induced a coordinated increase in several HDL‐associated proteins, Apo A‐I, lecitin cholesterol acyltransferase (LCAT), paraoxonase‐1 (PON‐1), Apo D, and Apo L1 (p < 0.05 for all). Interestingly, PhyS‐milk intake induced a reduction in inflammatory molecules not seen after ω3‐milk intake. Serum amyloid P component (SAP) was reduced in the LPDP protein fraction (p = 0.001) of subjects taking PhyS‐milk and C‐C motif chemokine 2 (CCL2)expression detected by reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT‐PCR) analysis in white blood cells was significantly reduced (p = 0.013). No changes were observed in the lipid‐free plasma proteome with ω3‐milk. Our study provides novel results and highlights that the PhyS‐milk induces attenuation of the pro‐inflammatory pathways, whereas ω3‐milk induces improvement in lipid metabolic pathways.
Randomized Controlled Trial of a Primary Care-Based Child Obesity Prevention Intervention on Infant Feeding Practices$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine the effects of a child obesity prevention intervention, beginning in pregnancy, on infant feeding practices in low‐income Hispanic families. STUDY DESIGN: The Starting Early randomized controlled trial enrolled pregnant women at a third trimester visit. Women (n = 533) were randomly allocated to a standard care control group or an intervention group participating in prenatal and postpartum individual nutrition/breastfeeding counseling and subsequent nutrition and parenting support groups coordinated with well‐child visits. Outcome measures included infant feeding practices and maternal infant feeding knowledge at infant age 3 months, using questions adapted from the Infant Feeding Practices Study II and an infant 24‐hour diet recall. RESULTS: A total of 456 families completed 3‐month assessments. The intervention group had higher prevalence of exclusive breastfeeding on the 24‐hour diet recall (42.7% vs 33.0%, P = .04) compared with controls. The intervention group reported a higher percentage of breastfeeding vs formula feeding per day (mean [SD] 67.7 [39.3] vs 59.7 [39.7], P = .03) and was less likely to introduce complementary foods and liquids compared with controls (6.3% vs 16.7%, P = .001). The intervention group had higher maternal infant feeding knowledge scores (Cohen d, 0.29, 95% CI .10‐.48). The effect of Starting Early on breastfeeding was mediated by maternal infant feeding knowledge (Sobel test 2.86, P = .004). CONCLUSIONS: Starting Early led to increased exclusive breastfeeding and reduced complementary foods and liquids in 3‐month‐old infants. Findings document a feasible and effective infrastructure for promoting breastfeeding in families at high risk for obesity in the context of a comprehensive obesity prevention intervention. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT01541761.
Lactotripeptide ingestion increases cerebral blood flow velocity in middle-aged and older adults$$$ The age‐related decrease in cerebral blood flow velocity increases the risk of cerebrovascular disease. Milk protein‐derived bioactive peptides, e.g., lactotripeptide (LTP), have been shown to inhibit angiotensin converting enzyme activities and increase vasodilator production. We hypothesized that LTP ingestion increases cerebral blood flow velocity in middle‐aged and older adults. In a randomized, placebo‐controlled, double‐blind design, 15 healthy middle‐aged and older adults were assigned to either a LTP group or a placebo group. The subjects ingested LTP or placebo orally for 8 weeks. Before and after intervention, middle cerebral blood flow velocity was measured using transcranial Doppler ultrasonography. The baseline middle cerebral blood flow velocity and most other key dependent variables did not differ between the groups. LTP ingestion significantly increased middle cerebral blood flow velocity, but there was no such improvement in the placebo groups. We concluded that 8 weeks of LTP ingestion increased middle cerebral blood flow velocity in middle‐aged and older adults.
Effects of long-term intake of lactotripeptides on cardiovascular risk factors in hypertensive subjects$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Lactobacillus helveticus LBK‐16H‐fermented milk products containing tripeptides isoleucine‐proline‐proline and valine‐proline‐proline lower blood pressure in hypertensive subjects using office and home blood pressure registration. The present study was aimed to evaluate the effects of two doses of these lactotripeptides on 24‐h ambulatory blood pressure and lipidomics profiles in mildly hypertensive subjects. SUBJECTS/METHODS: In a randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled parallel group study, 89 mildly hypertensive subjects ingested, after a 1‐month run‐in period, a fermented milk drink with 5 mg per day of lactotripeptides during 3 months, and a milk drink with 50 mg per day of lactotripeptides for the following 3 months, or a placebo milk drink without lactotripeptides. Ambulatory blood pressure (24 h) was recorded at baseline and at the end of the intervention periods. Lipidomics profiles were characterized before and after the 6‐month intervention. RESULTS: After the second intervention period (50 mg per day of lactotripeptides), systolic and diastolic 24‐h blood pressures decreased significantly in the peptide, but not in the placebo group. However, the treatment effects ‐2.6 mm Hg (95% confidence interval (CI): ‐5.7 to 0.4) in systolic and ‐1.3 mm Hg (95% CI: ‐3.4 to 0.8) in diastolic blood pressure did not reach statistic significance. Ingestion of 5 mg per day of lactotripeptides for 3 months did not lower blood pressure. The peptide group was dominated by decrease in multiple phospholipids (PL). CONCLUSIONS: Ingestion of fermented milk with daily dose of 50 mg of lactotripeptides appears to lower elevated blood pressure slightly from the baseline, but not significantly compared with the placebo group and to induce significant decreases in multiple PL.
Exposure to bisphenol A from drinking canned beverages increases blood pressure: randomized crossover trial$$$ Bisphenol A (BPA) is a chemical used in plastic bottles and inner coating of beverage cans, and its exposure is almost ubiquitous. BPA has been associated with hypertension and decreased heart rate variability in the previous studies. The aim of the present study was to determine whether increased BPA exposure from consumption of canned beverage actually affects blood pressure and heart rate variability. We conducted a randomized crossover trial with noninstitutionalized adults, who were aged ≥60 years and recruited from a local community center. A total of 60 participants visited the study site 3 times, and they were provided the same beverage in 2 glass bottles, 2 cans, or 1 can and 1 glass bottle at a time. The sequence of the beverage was randomized. We then measured urinary BPA concentration, blood pressure, and heart rate variability 2 hours after the consumption of each beverage. The paired t test and mixed model were used to compare the differences. The urinary BPA concentration increased after consuming canned beverages by >1600% compared with that after consuming glass bottled beverages. Systolic blood pressure adjusted for daily variance increased by ≈4.5 mm Hg after consuming 2 canned beverages compared with that after consuming 2 glass bottled beverages, and the difference was statistically significant. The parameters of the heart rate variability did not show statistically significant differences.The present study demonstrated that consuming canned beverage and consequent increase of BPA exposure increase blood pressure acutely.
Effect of dietary protein supplementation on blood pressure: a randomized, controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Observational studies have reported an inverse association between dietary protein intake and blood pressure (BP). We compared the effect of soy protein, milk protein, and carbohydrate supplementation on BP among healthy adults. METHODS AND RESULTS: We conducted a randomized, double‐blind crossover trial with 3 intervention phases among 352 adults with prehypertension or stage 1 hypertension in New Orleans, LA, and Jackson, MS, from September 2003 to April 2008. The trial participants were assigned to take 40 g/d soy protein, milk protein, or carbohydrate supplementation each for 8 weeks in a random order. A 3‐week washout period was implemented between the interventions. Three BPs were measured at 2 baseline and 2 termination visits during each of 3 intervention phases with a random‐zero sphygmomanometer. Compared with carbohydrate controls, soy protein and milk protein supplementations were significantly associated with ‐2.0 mm Hg (95% confidence interval ‐3.2 to ‐0.7 mm Hg, P=0.002) and ‐2.3 mm Hg (‐3.7 to ‐1.0 mm Hg, P=0.0007) net changes in systolic BP, respectively. Diastolic BP was also reduced, but this change did not reach statistical significance. There was no significant difference in the BP reductions achieved between soy or milk protein supplementation. CONCLUSIONS: The results from this randomized, controlled trial indicate that both soy and milk protein intake reduce systolic BP compared with a high‐glycemic‐index refined carbohydrate among patients with prehypertension and stage 1 hypertension. Furthermore, these findings suggest that partially replacing carbohydrate with soy or milk protein might be an important component of nutrition intervention strategies for the prevention and treatment of hypertension. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: URL: http://www.clinicaltrials.gov. Unique identifier: NCT00107744.
Diet and blood pressure in 2.5-y-old Danish children$$$ BACKGROUND: Blood pressure tracks from childhood into adulthood, and early diet may have long‐term effects on hypertension. OBJECTIVE: The study's aim was to investigate whether intakes of n‐3 long‐chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (n‐3 LC‐PUFAs) during lactation and current intakes of macronutrients affect blood pressure in 2.5‐y‐old Danish children. DESIGN: Mothers (n =122) with low fish intakes were randomly assigned to receive supplementation with 4.5 g fish oil or olive oil/d during the first 4 mo of lactation. The trial also included 53 mothers with high fish intakes. One hundred five of these women's children attended a 2.5‐y follow‐up examination at which anthropometric data and blood pressure were obtained. Mothers then kept a 7‐d dietary record of food consumed by their children. A full set of data from 73 children was analyzed for effects of fish oil supplementation and cross‐sectional correlations with current diet. RESULTS: We found no significant effect of the mothers' fish oil intakes during the first 4 mo of lactation on the blood pressure of the children 2.5 y later. Greater protein intakes measured as a percentage of energy were associated cross‐sectionally with significantly lower diastolic and systolic blood pressures in the children at age 2.5 y after control for outdoor temperature, age, sex, weight, and height (P = 0.028 and 0.035, respectively). Greater protein intakes measured as g/d were also associated with significantly lower systolic blood pressures (P = 0.008). A 1‐SD increase in protein intake corresponded with a decrease of approximately 3 mm Hg in systolic blood pressure. CONCLUSION: The blood pressure of young Danish children was not significantly affected by intakes of n‐3 LC‐PUFAs via breast milk, but greater protein intakes at 2.5 y were associated with lower blood pressure.
Propranolol in pregnancy three year prospective study$$$ We compared propranolol with methyldopa in a randomized prospective study of 28 women with pregnancy associated hypertension. Both drugs were equally effective in controlling maternal hypertension. There was no significant difference in the birthweights of the babies in each group. However one infant born to a mother receiving propranolol had symptomatic hypoglycaemia. The mean peak levels of propranolol, propranolol glucuronide, 4‐hydroxypropranolol, and 4‐hydroxypropranolol glucuronide were not significantly different in the first, second, third trimesters and at least 3 months post partum. The mean peak plasma level of naphthoxylactic acid however was significantly less in the third trimester compared with post partum levels. Propranolol and its metabolites were found to cross into breast milk with the maximum dose likely to be ingested by the infant as either propranolol or propranolol glucuronide being 7 micrograms of propranolol per 100 g of breast milk, being approximately 0.1% of the maternal dose.
Effects of whey peptides on cardiovascular disease risk factors$$$ Previous studies have shown that peptides derived from milk proteins can improve blood pressure. Therefore, the authors tested the blood pressure‐lowering effects of a hydrolyzed whey protein supplement rich in bioactive peptides. In a 6‐week controlled study, 30 prehypertensive or stage 1 hypertensive subjects (blood pressure >or=120/80 mm Hg and <or=155/95 mm Hg) were randomized to receive 20 g/d of either a hydrolyzed whey protein (active treatment) or an unmodified whey protein (control treatment). Blood pressure, blood lipids, safety measures, side effects, and diet were evaluated throughout the trial. After completion of treatment, a 4‐week follow‐up was conducted. There was a mean reduction of 8.0+/‐3.2 mm Hg in systolic blood pressure (P<.05) and of 5.5+/‐2.1 mm Hg in diastolic blood pressure (P<.05) in the treatment group compared with the control group. Low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol and high‐sensitivity C‐reactive protein were significantly improved by treatment. Whey‐derived peptides might be a viable treatment option for prehypertensive and/or stage 1 hypertensive populations.
Prehabilitation versus rehabilitation: a randomized control trial in patients undergoing colorectal resection for cancer$$$ BACKGROUND: The preoperative period (prehabilitation) may represent a more appropriate time than the postoperative period to implement an intervention. The impact of prehabilitation on recovery of function al exercise capacity was thus studied in patients undergoing colorectal resection for cancer. METHODS: A parallel‐arm single‐blind superiority randomized controlled trial was conducted. Seventy‐seven patients were randomized to receive either prehabilitation (n = 38) or rehabilitation (n = 39). Both groups received a home‐based intervention of moderate aerobic and resistance exercises, nutritional counseling with protein supplementation, and relaxation exercises initiated either 4 weeks before surgery (prehabilitation) or immediately after surgery (rehabilitation), and continued for 8 weeks after surgery. Patients were managed with an enhanced recovery pathway. Primary outcome was functional exercise capacity measured using the validated 6‐min walk test. RESULTS: Median duration of prehabilitation was 24.5 days. While awaiting surgery, functional walking capacity increased (≥ 20 m) in a higher proportion of the prehabilitation group compared with the rehabilitation group (53 vs. 15%, adjusted P = 0.006). Complication rates and duration of hospital stay were similar. The difference between baseline and 8‐week 6‐min walking test was significantly higher in the prehabilitation compared with the rehabilitation group (+23.7 m [SD, 54.8] vs. ‐21.8 m [SD, 80.7]$$$ mean difference 45.4 m [95% CI, 13.9 to 77.0]). A higher proportion of the prehabilitation group were also recovered to or above baseline exercise capacity at 8 weeks compared with the rehabilitation group (84 vs. 62%, adjusted P = 0.049). CONCLUSION: Meaningful changes in postoperative functional exercise capacity can be achieved with a prehabilitation program.
Randomized Controlled Trial to Prevent Infant Overweight in a High-Risk Population$$$ OBJECTIVES: Infants are at risk of overweight. Infant overweight predisposes child, adolescent, and adult to obesity. We hypothesized that parent education, initiated prenatally and provided in the home, would reduce the incidence of infant overweight at age 12 months. METHODS: Pregnant obese Latina women were recruited at Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children (WIC) and randomized to intervention versus control. Intervention subjects received home visits by trained Spanish‐fluent community health workers who provided counseling on infant growth, breastfeeding, nutrition, child development, sleep, physical activity, and safety. Promotoras did not visit the control subjects. A research assistant collected outcome data on all subjects. RESULTS: Compared to controls, parent education did not reduce infant overweight. Infant overweight developed rapidly and was present in 46% of infants by age 6 months. Infants overweight at 6 months were likely to be overweight at age 12 months (r = 0.60, P < .0001). Overweight was more common in formula‐fed infants at ages 6 months (P < .06) and 12 months (P = .005). Breastfeeding was less common in families with employed mothers (P = .02) and unemployed fathers (P < .01), but the father living with the mother at the time of the prenatal visit predicted successful breastfeeding at infant age 2 months (P < .003). Compared to formula feeding, overweight at age 12 months was 2.7 times less likely for infants breastfed for ≥2 months (P = .01). CONCLUSIONS: The lack of success of the intervention may be explained in part by a high cesarean section rate in the intervention group, food and employment insecurity, and confounding by WIC breastfeeding promotion, which was available to all mothers. Breastfeeding was the most important mediator of infant overweight. The study supports efforts by WIC to vigorously promote breastfeeding.
A randomized clinical trial with oral Immunonutrition (omega3-enhanced formula vs. arginine-enhanced formula) in ambulatory head and neck cancer patients$$$ OBJECTIVE: The aim of our study was to investigate whether oral ambulatory nutrition of head and neck cancer patients, using an omega3 fatty acid‐enhanced diet (low ratio omega6/omega3 fatty acids) versus an arginine‐enhanced diet, could improve nutritional variables as well as clinical outcome, postoperative infectious and wound complications. RESEARCH METHODS: A population of 73 ambulatory postsurgical patients with oral and laryngeal cancer were enrolled. At discharge from hospital the postsurgical head and neck cancer patients were asked to consume two units per day of either a specially designed omega3 fatty acid‐enhanced supplement (group 1) or an arginine‐enhanced supplement (group 2) for a 12‐week period. RESULTS: No significant intergroup differences in the trend of the three serum proteins and lymphocytes were detected. Differences were detected in weight (group 1: 65.5 +/‐ 11.5 kg vs. 70.4 +/‐ 11.1 kg$$$ p < 0.05) with a significant increase in fat mass in group 1 (15.4 +/‐ 6.6 vs. 18.1 +/‐ 8.4 kg$$$ p < 0.05) and in tricipital skinfold. The postoperative infectious complications were similar in both groups (0 in group 1 and 8.57% in group 2$$$ nonsignificant). No local complications were detected in the surgical wound. Gastrointestinal tolerance (diarrhea and vomiting episodes) of both formulas was good. CONCLUSIONS: At the dose taken, the omega3‐enhanced formula improved fat mass and proteins in ambulatory postoperative head and neck cancer patients. The arginine‐enhanced formula improved proteins. Further studies are required to examine the potential role of immune‐enhanced supplements.
Estimation of diabetes in a high-risk adult chinese population using j48 decision tree model$$$ Background: To predict and make an early diagnosis of diabetes is a critical approach in a population with high risk of diabetes, one of the devastating diseases globally. Traditional and conventional blood tests are recommended for screening the suspected patients$$$ how‐ever, applying these tests could have health side effects and expensive cost. The goal of this study was to establish a simple and reliable predictive model based on the risk factors associated with diabetes using a decision tree algorithm. Methods: A retrospective cross‐sectional study was used in this study. A total of 10,436 participants who had a health check‐up from January 2017 to July 2017 were recruited. With appropriate data mining approaches, 3454 participants remained in the final dataset for further analysis. Seventy percent of these participants (2420 cases) were then randomly allocated to either the training dataset for the construction of the decision tree or the testing dataset (30%, 1034 cases) for evaluation of the performance of the decision tree. For this purpose, the cost‐sensitive J48 algorithm was used to develop the decision tree model. Results: Utilizing all the key features of the dataset consisting of 14 input variables and two output variables, the constructed decision tree model identified several key factors that are closely linked to the development of diabetes and are also modifiable. Furthermore, our model achieved an accuracy of classification of 90.3% with a precision of 89.7% and a recall of 90.3%. Conclusion: By applying simple and cost‐effective classification rules, our decision tree model estimates the development of diabetes in a high‐risk adult Chinese population with strong potential for implementation of diabetes management.
Variable effects of soy protein on plasma lipids in hyperlipidemic and normolipidemic hemodialysis patients$$$ BACKGROUND: Hyperlipidemic factors contribute to the high cardiovascular risk in hemodialysis patients. Soy protein has decreased some atherogenic lipid concentrations in subjects with normal renal function. This study evaluates the effect of soy protein on serum lipid profiles in hyperlipidemic and normolipidemic hemodialysis patients. METHODS: Nineteen hyperlipidemic and 18 normolipidemic hemodialysis patients were enrolled in a randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, clinical trial. After a 4‐week run‐in phase, subjects in each category were randomly assigned to 2 groups. Thirty grams of isolated soy protein or milk protein was consumed daily as a beverage at breakfast or postdialysis for 12 weeks. RESULTS: In hyperlipidemic subjects, soy protein intake significantly decreased total cholesterol levels by 18.6% (95% confidence interval [CI], ‐11.4 to ‐25.8$$$ P = 0.04), triglyceride levels by 43.1% (95% CI, ‐34.0 to ‐52.2$$$ P = 0.02), non‐high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol levels by 23.6% (95% CI, ‐14.7 to ‐32.5$$$ P < 0.01), apolipoprotein B levels by 15.4% (95% CI, ‐5.4 to ‐25.4$$$ P = 0.01), and insulin levels by 49.8% (95% CI, ‐23.3 to ‐66.1$$$ P < 0.01). Low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol concentration was decreased significantly (‐25.8%$$$ 95% CI, ‐8.3 to ‐42.7$$$ P = 0.01), and high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol level was increased significantly (17%$$$ 95% CI, 2 to 32.0$$$ P = 0.03), but there was no significant difference compared with the milk protein group (‐5.5% +/‐ 16.9% and 7.0% +/‐ 11.8%, respectively). There were no significant changes in serum lipid and lipoprotein concentrations in normolipidemic subjects. CONCLUSION: These results indicate soy protein substitution has lipid‐lowering effects in hyperlipidemic hemodialysis patients. However, soy protein intake had little effect on plasma lipid levels in normolipidemic hemodialysis patients.
A Vegan Diet Is Associated with a Significant Reduction in Dietary Acid Load: post Hoc Analysis of a Randomized Controlled Trial in Healthy Individuals$$$ The composition of diet strongly affects acid?base homeostasis. Western diets abundant in acidogenic foods (meat and cheese) and deficient in alkalizing foods (fruits and vegetables) increase dietary acid load (DAL). A high DAL has been associated with numerous health repercussions, including cardiovascular disease and type‐2‐diabetes. Plant‐based diets have been associated with a lower DAL$$$ however, the number of trials exploring this association is limited. This randomized‐controlled trial sought to examine whether an isocaloric vegan diet lowers DAL as compared to a meat‐rich diet. Forty‐five omnivorous individuals were randomly assigned to a vegan diet (n = 23) or a meat‐rich diet (n = 22) for 4 weeks. DAL was determined using potential renal acid load (PRAL) and net endogenous acid production (NEAP) scores at baseline and after 3 and 4 weeks, respectively. After 3 weeks, median PRAL (?23.57 (23.87)) and mean NEAPR (12.85 � 19.71) scores were significantly lower in the vegan group than in the meat‐rich group (PRAL: 18.78 (21.04) and NEAPR: 60.93 � 15.51, respectively). Effects were mediated by a lower phosphorus and protein intake in the vegan group. Our study suggests that a vegan diet is a potential means to reduce DAL, whereas a meat‐rich diet substantially increases the DAL burden.
The Influence of Exercise, Lifestyle Behavior Components, and Physical Fitness on Maternal Weight Gain, Postpartum Weight Retention, and Excessive Gestational Weight Gain$$$ This study examines (a) the influence of exercise, lifestyle behavior components (sedentary time, physical activity, and sleep and dietary patterns), and physical fitness on maternal weight gain, postpartum weight retention, and excessive gestational weight gain and (b) whether exercise protects against the adverse effects of impaired metabolism and nonoptimal body composition related to excessive gestational weight gain. Subjects were assigned to either a supervised concurrent (aerobic + resistance) exercise program followed 3 days/week (n = 47) or a control group (n = 54). Sedentary time, physical activity, sleep and dietary patterns (assessed by accelerometry and questionnaires), muscle strength (handgrip test), and cardiorespiratory fitness (Bruce test) were determined at gestational Weeks 16 and 33 (early‐middle and late pregnancy, respectively), and at 6 weeks postpartum. Weight gain and weight retention were calculated using recorded weights at prepregnancy, early‐middle, and late pregnancy, and at 6 weeks postpartum. Birth complications, maternal postpartum body composition, cardiometabolic, and inflammatory markers in maternal and umbilical cord arterial and venous blood, and in colostrum, and mature milk were also recorded. The exercise intervention reduced late weight gain (B = ‐2.7, SE = 0.83, p = .003) and weight retention (B = ‐2.85, SE = 1.3, p = .03), independent of any lifestyle behavior component or physical fitness, but did not prevent excessive weight gain. Increasing cardiorespiratory fitness, muscle strength, and sleep duration were associated with a smaller mean weight gain and lower excessive weight gain values (p < .05). Among the participants who experienced excessive weight gain, those who were exercisers had a lower body mass index and systemic tumor necrosis factor‐alpha concentration, lower umbilical cord venous tumor necrosis factor‐alpha and arterial interferon gamma levels, higher cord arterial interleukin‐10 levels, and improved placental function compared with controls (p < .05). In summary, exercise may help optimize gestational weight gain and weight retention, and may attenuate the impaired phenotype related to excessive weight gain. Increasing cardiorespiratory fitness, muscle strength, and sleep duration might help to prevent excessive weight gain during pregnancy.
Type and amount of dietary protein in the treatment of metabolic syndrome: a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Food‐based dietary patterns emphasizing plant protein that were evaluated in the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) and OmniHeart trials are recommended for the treatment of metabolic syndrome (MetS). However, the contribution of plant protein to total protein in these diets is proportionally less than that of animal protein. OBJECTIVE: This study compared 3 diets varying in type (animal compared with plant) and amount of protein on MetS criteria. DESIGN: Sixty‐two overweight adults with MetS consumed a healthy American diet for 2 wk before being randomly allocated to either a modified DASH diet rich in plant protein (18% protein, two‐thirds plant sources, n = 9 males, 12 females), a modified DASH diet rich in animal protein (Beef in an Optimal Lean Diet: 18.4% protein, two‐thirds animal sources, n = 9 males, 11 females), or a moderate‐protein diet (Beef in an Optimal Lean Diet Plus Protein: 27% protein, two‐thirds animal sources, n = 10 males, 11 females). Diets were compared across 3 phases of energy balance: 5 wk of controlled (all foods provided) weight maintenance (WM), 6 wk of controlled weight loss (minimum 500‐kcal/d deficit) including exercise (WL), and 12 wk of prescribed, free‐living weight loss (FL). The primary endpoint was change in MetS criteria. RESULTS: All groups achieved ∼5% weight loss at the end of the WL phase and maintained it through FL, with no between‐diet differences (WM compared with WL, FL, P < 0.0001$$$ between diets, P = NS). All MetS criteria decreased independent of diet composition (main effect of phase, P < 0.01$$$ between diets, P = NS). After WM, all groups had a MetS prevalence of 80‐90% [healthy American diet (HAD) compared with WM, P = NS], which decreased to 50‐60% after WL and was maintained through FL (HAD, WM vs WL, FL, P < 0.01). CONCLUSIONS: Weight loss was the primary modifier of MetS resolution in our study population regardless of protein source or amount. Our findings demonstrate that heart‐healthy weight‐loss dietary patterns that emphasize either animal or plant protein improve MetS criteria similarly. This study was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00937638.
Postprandial glycemia and insulin secretion following glutamine administration: a randomized controlled trial$$$ Objective: The objective of the present study is to investigate the effects of glutamine administration on postprandial glycemia, insulin, and C‐peptide concentration in patients with type 2 diabetes. Methods: A randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial was conducted on patients with type 2 diabetes so that 33 subjects were recruited in each group. The patients were randomly allocated to receive either 30 g/d glutamine or placebo (with instructions to take in half glass of ice‐cold water 5 to 10 min before each main meal) for 6 weeks. Postprandial C‐peptide, insulin, and glucose were measured at the baseline and at the end of the study at 30 and 90 min after consuming a meal comprising wheat‐cake and reduced fat milk. Results: The repeated measures ANOVA revealed no significant difference between the groups for glucose and insulin after 6 weeks of intervention (p > 0.05). However, C‐peptide was reduced in both intervention groups at all measurement points. Between‐group differences remained significant by the end of the study (p = 0.02). Conclusions: Glutamine supplementation before each main meal does not represent an effective nutritional strategy to improve postprandial glycemic control or postprandial insulin secretion in type 2 diabetes patients.
Energy intake, ghrelin, and cholecystokinin after different carbohydrate and protein preloads in overweight men$$$ CONTEXT: Dietary proteins appear to be more satiating than carbohydrate. The mechanism and effect of protein and carbohydrate type are unclear. OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study is to compare the acute effect of different proteins and carbohydrates on indicators of appetite and appetite regulatory hormones. DESIGN: This is a randomized cross‐over study of four orally consumed preloads followed by blood sampling (+15, 30, 45, 60, 90, 120, 180 min), then a buffet meal. SETTING: The study was carried out in an outpatient clinic. PATIENTS AND OTHER PARTICIPANTS: Nineteen overweight (body mass index 32.1 +/‐ 0.9 kg/m(2)) men participated. INTERVENTIONS: Liquid preloads (1 MJ) contained whey (55 g), casein (55 g), lactose (56 g), or glucose (56 g). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Plasma ghrelin, cholecystokinin (CCK), insulin, glucose and amino acids, gastric emptying rate (plasma paracetamol), appetite rating (visual analog scale), and ad libitum energy intake were the main outcome measures. RESULTS: Energy intake was 10 +/‐ 3% higher after the glucose preload compared with lactose and protein preloads (P < 0.05), which were predicted by ghrelin at 120 min (P < 0.05). CCK was 71 +/‐ 6% higher 90 min after the protein preloads compared with glucose and lactose (P < 0.05), which predicted appetite at 180 min (P < 0.05). There was a small increase in branched chain amino acids after the whey preload compared with casein (P < 0.01), but this was independent of appetite and energy intake. CONCLUSION: Acute appetite and energy intake are equally reduced after consumption of lactose, casein, or whey compared with glucose, which was consistent with differences in plasma ghrelin. Higher CCK responses after proteins correlated with satiety but did not affect energy intake.
Whey protein preloads are more beneficial than soy protein preloads in regulating appetite, calorie intake, anthropometry, and body composition of overweight and obese men$$$ High‐protein diets exert beneficial effects on appetite, anthropometry, and body composition$$$ however, the effects of protein preloads depend on the amount, type, and time of consumption. Therefore, we hypothesized that long‐term supplemental preloads of whey protein concentrate (WPC) and soy protein isolate (SPI) consumed 30 minutes before the largest meal would decrease appetite, calorie intake (CI), and anthropometry and improve body composition in overweight and obese men in free‐living conditions. The subjects included 45 men with a body mass index between 25 and 40 kg/m(2) and who were randomly allocated to either the WPC (n = 26) or SPI (n = 19) groups. For 12 weeks, the subjects consumed 65 g WPC or 60 g SPI that was dissolved in 500 mL water 30 minutes before their ad libitum lunch. Appetite, CI, anthropometry, and body composition were assessed before and after the study and biweekly throughout. After 12 weeks, mean changes between the groups were significant for appetite (P = .032), CI (P = .045), anthropometry (body weight [P = .008], body mass index [P = .006], and waist circumference), and body composition (body fat mass and lean muscle [P < .001]). Relative to baseline, within‐group mean changes from WPC were significant for appetite, CI, anthropometry, and body composition (P < .001). In the SPI group, mean changes were significant, relative to baseline, for all variables except lean muscle (P = .37). According to this 12‐week study, WPC preloads conducted 30 minutes prior to the ad libitum main meal exerted stronger beneficial effects than did SPI preloads on appetite, CI, anthropometry, and body composition of free‐living overweight and obese men.
A randomized trial of supplementation with docosahexaenoic acid-rich tuna oil and its effects on the human milk cytokines interleukin 1 beta, interleukin 6, and tumor necrosis factor alpha$$$ BACKGROUND: Increased consumption of n‐3 long‐chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) has been recommended during pregnancy and lactation. The production of proinflammatory cytokines by human peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) can be modified by dietary n‐3 PUFAs. OBJECTIVE: We sought to determine whether dietary supplementation of lactating women with docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) can modulate the concentration of cytokines in the aqueous phase of human milk and the production of cytokines by human milk cells (HMCs) and PBMCs. DESIGN: In this double‐blind, prospective, randomized trial, mothers of healthy full‐term infants were asked to consume daily a nutritional supplement of 2000 mg oil containing either placebo (n = 40), 300 mg DHA + 70 mg eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA$$$ n = 40), or 600 mg DHA + 140 mg EPA (n = 40). The fatty acid composition of plasma, PBMCs, milk, and HMCs from lactating mothers at 4 wk postpartum was measured by gas chromatography. The concentration of interleukin 6 and tumor necrosis factor alpha in milk and the production of interleukin 1beta, tumor necrosis factor alpha, and interleukin 6 by PBMCs and HMCs after stimulation with lipopolysaccharide was measured by enzyme‐linked immunosorbent assay. RESULTS: At 4 wk postpartum, 82 mothers were still breast‐feeding their infants. DHA increases in maternal plasma, PBMCs, milk, and HMCs were proportional to dietary DHA. There was no relation between tissue DHA status and cytokine concentrations. CONCLUSIONS: Consumption of < or = 600 mg DHA and 140 mg EPA/d for 4 wk increased n‐3 PUFA concentrations in relevant tissues but did not cause perturbations in cytokine concentrations in human milk.
Effects of an 8-Week Protein Supplementation Regimen with Hyperimmunized Cow Milk on Exercise-Induced Organ Damage and Inflammation in Male Runners: A Randomized, Placebo Controlled, Cross-Over Study$$$ Prolonged strenuous exercise may induce inflammation, cause changes in gastrointestinal permeability, and lead to other unfavorable biological changes and diseases. Nutritional approaches have been used to prevent exercise‐induced inflammatory responses and gastrointestinal disorders. Hyperimmunized milk, obtained by immunizing cows against specific antigens, promotes the development of immunity against pathogens, promotes anti‐inflammatory effects, and protects intestinal function. Immune protein (IMP) is a concentrated product of hyperimmunized milk and is a more promising means of supplementation to protect against acute infections and inflammation. To determine whether IMP has protective properties against exercise‐induced gastrointestinal dysfunction and inflammation, we examined biochemical markers, intestinal damage markers, and pro‐/anti‐inflammatory profiles of young male runners using a randomized, placebo controlled, cross‐over design. Urine samples were collected and used for measurements of creatinine, N‐acetyl‐β‐d‐glucosaminidase, osmotic pressure, and specific gravity. Titin was measured as a muscle damage marker. Further, urine concentrations of complement 5a, calprotectin, fractalkine, myeloperoxidase, macrophage colony‐stimulating factor, monocyte chemotactic protein‐1, intestinal fatty acid binding protein (I‐FABP), interferon (IFN)‐γ, interleukin (IL)‐1β, IL‐1 receptor antagonist, IL‐2, IL‐4, IL‐6, IL‐8, IL‐10, IL‐12p40, and tumor necrosis factor (TNF)‐α were measured by enzyme‐linked immunosorbent assays. We demonstrated that urine osmotic pressure, urine specific gravity, I‐FABP, IFN‐γ, IL‐1β, and TNF‐α were reduced by 8 weeks of IMP supplementation, indicating that IMP may have potential in preventing strenuous exercise‐induced renal dysfunction, increased intestinal permeability, and inflammation. Thus, IMP supplementation may be a feasible nutritional approach for the prevention of unfavorable exercise‐induced symptoms.
Whey protein supplementation preserves postprandial myofibrillar protein synthesis during short-term energy restriction in overweight and obese adults$$$ BACKGROUND: Higher dietary energy as protein during weight loss results in a greater loss of fat mass and retention of muscle mass$$$ however, the impact of protein quality on the rates of myofibrillar protein synthesis (MPS) and lipolysis, processes that are important in the maintenance of muscle and loss of fat, respectively, are unknown. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to determine how the consumption of different sources of proteins (soy or whey) during a controlled short‐term (14‐d) hypoenergetic diet affected MPS and lipolysis. METHODS: Men (n = 19) and women (n = 21) (age 35‐65 y$$$ body mass index 28‐50 kg/m(2)) completed a 14‐d controlled hypoenergetic diet (‐750 kcal/d). Participants were randomly assigned, double blind, to receive twice‐daily supplements of isolated whey (27 g/supplement) or soy (26 g/supplement), providing a total protein intake of 1.3 ± 0.1 g/(kg · d), or isoenergetic carbohydrate (25 g maltodextrin/supplement) resulting in a total protein intake of 0.7 ± 0.1 g/(kg · d). Before and after the dietary intervention, primed continuous infusions of L‐[ring‐(13)C6] phenylalanine and [(2)H5]‐glycerol were used to measure postabsorptive and postprandial rates of MPS and lipolysis. RESULTS: Preintervention, MPS was stimulated more (P < 0.05) with ingestion of whey than with soy or carbohydrate. Postintervention, postabsorptive MPS decreased similarly in all groups (all P < 0.05). Postprandial MPS was reduced by 9 ± 1% in the whey group, which was less (P < 0.05) than the reduction in soy and carbohydrate groups (28 ± 5% and 31 ± 5%, respectively$$$ both P < 0.05) after the intervention. Lipolysis was suppressed during the postprandial period (P < 0.05), but more so with ingestion of carbohydrate (P < 0.05) than soy or whey. CONCLUSION: We conclude that whey protein supplementation attenuated the decline in postprandial rates of MPS after weight loss, which may be of importance in the preservation of lean mass during longer‐term weight loss interventions. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01530646.
Epidemiology and risk factors of prediabetes and diabetes in elderly subjects of Dali Bai autonomous prefecture$$$ Background: As the population ages, diabetes has become one of the most important chronic noncommunicable diseases that seriously threatens people's health. This research aimed to study the epidemiology and risk factors of prediabetes and diabetes in elderly subjects of Dali Bai Autonomous Prefecture. Methods: The epidemiology and risk factors of prediabetes and diabetes in 1,845 Bai elderly subjects (939 males and 906 females) aged ≥ 60 years living in urban and rural areas or urban‐rural fringe of Dalli Bai Autonomous Prefecture were investigated from January 2014 to December 2014 by multistaging and randomized cluster sampling. Results: The prevalence of prediabetes was 38.45% in the 1,845 elderly subjects and was significantly higher in males than in females (44.70% vs 33.00%, P < .01). The prevalence of diabetes was 17.02% in the 1,845 elderly subjects with no significant difference found between males and females (20.48% vs 13.46%, P > .05). The prevalence of prediabetes and diabetes was significantly lower in elderly males and females living in urban and rural areas or urbanrural fringe (P < .05). UA, high salt diet, food intake volume and family history of diabetes were the independent risk factors for diabetes and prediabetes while milk intake and high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL‐C) were the protective factors for diabetes and prediabetes. Conclusions: The prevalence of diabetes and prediabetes is rather high in elderly subjects of Dalli Bai Autonomous Prefecture. It is thus important to strengthen diabetes education for the prevention and control of type 2 diabetes, blood pressure, blood glucose, blood lipid, UA, and body weight.
Satiety scores and satiety hormone response after sucrose-sweetened soft drink compared with isocaloric semi-skimmed milk and with non-caloric soft drink: a controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Observational studies indicate that sugar‐sweetened soft drinks (SSSD) may promote obesity, among other factors, owing to low‐satiating effects. The effect of energy in drinks on appetite is still unclear. We examined the effect of two isocaloric, but macronutrient, different beverages (SSSD versus semi‐skimmed milk) and two non‐energy‐containing beverages (aspartame‐sweetened soft drink (ASSD) and water) on appetite, appetite‐regulating hormones and energy intake (EI). SUBJECTS/METHODS: In all, 24 obese individuals were included in a crossover trial. Each subject was served either 500 ml of SSSD (regular cola: 900 kJ), semi‐skimmed milk (950 kJ), ASSD (diet cola: 7.5 kJ), or water. Subjective appetite scores, ghrelin, GLP‐1, and GIP concentrations were measured at baseline and continuously 4‐h post intake. Ad libitum EI was measured 4 h after intake of the test drinks. RESULTS: Milk induced greater subjective fullness and less hunger than regular cola (P<0.05). Also, milk led to 31% higher GLP‐1 (95% CI: 20, 44$$$ P<0.01) and 45% higher GIP (95% CI: 23, 72$$$ P<0.01) concentrations compared with SSSD. Ghrelin was equally 20% lower after milk and SSSD compared with water. The total EI (ad libitum EI+EI from the drink) was higher after the energy‐containing drinks compared with diet cola and water (P<0.01). CONCLUSIONS: Milk increased appetite scores and GLP‐1 and GIP responses compared with SSSD. The energy containing beverages were not compensated by decreased EI at the following meal, emphasizing the risk of generating a positive energy balance by consuming energy containing beverages. Furthermore, there were no indications of ASSD increased appetite or EI compared with water.
Effectiveness of a new breastfeeding counselling intervention on breastfeeding prevalence, infant growth velocity and postpartum weight loss in overweight women: a randomized controlled trial$$$ Objectives and Study: A randomized controlled trial was conducted to investigate the effect of a new EBF counselling intervention in overweight or obese women, on the prevalence of BF and EBF, infant growth velocity and maternal post‐partum weight loss at 4 months. Hypothesis: A new EBF counselling intervention for overweight woman would result in: i) increase in the prevalence of EBF at four months of age, ii) slower infant weight for length growth from birth up to four months of age, iii) increase in weight loss in the overweight woman after delivery up to the fourth month post‐partum. The primary outcomes were: i) prevalence of EBF at 4 months, ii) growth velocity as change in WLZ in kg/cm$$$ and LAZ in cm/d$$$ from birth up to 4 months, and iii) Maternal weight loss in kg up to 4 month after delivery. Methods: Recruitment was carried out after 32w of gestation in a primary care centre in Colombia. Mothers were eligible if they had i) pregnancy BMI at 32w ≥ 28.1 kg/m2 using Atalahs criteria$$$ ii) singleton pregnancy$$$ iii) older than 18y$$$ iv) did not have pre‐eclampsia/eclampsia or gestational diabetes$$$ v) permanent residence in Bogotá and vi) intended to breastfeed. Randomization and blinding: The mothers were allocated to: i) breastfeeding counselling intervention group (IG) or ii) standard counselling control group (CG). After delivery, a second screening was performed. The study was approved by Ethics Committee of the Health Secretary of Bogota, Colombia (Code Approval SNCI‐021‐CEI Acta 08, 28 April 2018) and Ethics Committee of the Science Faculty of Pontificia Universidad Javeriana and registered at isrctn.com as ISRCTN15922904 February 27th 2019. The WHO Universal Trial Number is (UTN) U1111‐1228‐9913, February 20th 2019. Intervention: Mothers assigned to the IG received both the standard BF counselling based on Carl Rogers' centered‐client theory. EBF estimation and anthropometric measurements (at birth, 1, 3 and 4 mo): Infant 24 hour dietary recall: EBF was defined as no consumption of other milks, formula or beverages. Newborn and infant anthropometry: weight, length, MUAC and head circumference‐following the WHO protocol in both groups (IG and CG) and growth velocity were determined. Maternal anthropometric data: Weight, height and MUAC were measured at enrolment. Statistical analysis: Comparisons between IG and CG were carried out using t test, Mann‐Whitney test or Chi‐square test as appropriate. The difference in prevalence of EBF between groups was analysed as the prevalence ratio (PR) at 4 months between IG and CG, using statistical program STATA v. 21 by IBM. Results: n=90, 43 at the IG and 47 at the CG. The IG had significantly higher EBF prevalence at 4 months (82.8%) compared to the CG (30.1%)(Prevalence ratio or PR=2.7$$$ 95% CI=1.6, 4.5$$$ p=0.0002). There were no intervention effects on infant growth velocity, maternal weight loss. The intervention, which could be implemented in primary care settings, was highly effective for increasing the prevalence of EBF in overweight/obese mothers at 4 months post‐partum. Conclusions: Counselling intervention based on the client‐centered theory (Carl Rogers) is highly efficacy when compared with CG. The intervention increased the prevalence of EBF at 4 months but did not influence infant growth velocity or maternal weight loss.
Metabolic and cardiovascular benefits of high-intensity interval training in type 2 diabetes$$$ High‐intensity interval training (HIIT), comprised of alternating periods of brief high‐ and low‐intensity exercise, has been shown to rapidly improve metabolic and cardiovascular health. As such, HIIT may provide a sufficient exercise stimulus to reduce cardiovascular risk in type 2 diabetes (T2D). Several studies have shown that HIIT is effective for improving glucose control and cardiorespiratory fitness. However, the acute and chronic effects of HIIT on the vasculature of individuals with T2D have yet to be established. The addition of post‐exercise nutritional supplementation with high‐quality protein from milk has previously been shown to augment favorable body composition changes with exercise interventions, which could promote further improvements in glycemic control and reduce cardiovascular risk factors in older adults with T2D. This thesis examines the impact of acute HIIT on vascular endothelial function, and the chronic metabolic and cardiovascular adaptations to HIIT with or without a post‐exercise nutritional beverage, in individuals with T2D. In a randomized clinical trial, fifty‐three individuals with T2D completed 12 weeks of low‐volume HIIT (4‐10 X 1 min intervals) with post‐exercise nutritional support of non‐fat milk, milk‐protein concentrate or flavored water (placebo) beverage. Separately, thirty‐five age‐matched older adults (12 T2D, 12 untrained normoglycemic, and 11 trained normoglycemic) completed an acute session of cycling HIIT, leg resistance HIIT, or resting control. The principal findings of this thesis were: a) 12 weeks of HIIT improved glucose control, body composition, cardiorespiratory fitness and vascular function in individuals with T2D, b) no additive effects were observed with post‐exercise milk or milk‐protein supplementation, and c) acute resistance or cardio‐based HIIT improves endothelial function in individuals with T2D. Noteworthy, the changes in blood pressure, arterial stiffness, femoral intima‐media thickness and endothelial function were likely clinically beneficial based on magnitude based inferences that are associated with 15‐30% reductions in future cardiovascular events. Therefore, HIIT may be an effective means to reduce the burden of cardiovascular complications in T2D.
Effects of acute postexercise chocolate milk consumption during intensive judo training on the recovery of salivary hormones, salivary SIgA, mood state, muscle soreness, and judo-related performance$$$ This study examined the effects of postexercise chocolate milk (CM) or water (W) consumption during 5 days of intensive judo training with concomitant weight loss on salivary cortisol and testosterone, salivary secretory immunoglobulin A (SIgA), delayed‐onset muscle soreness (DOMS), and judo‐related performance. Twelve trained male judo athletes engaged in 5 days of intensive judo training followed by a simulated judo competition, on 2 separate training weeks 14 days apart. The athletes consumed 1000 mL of W (week 1) or CM (week 2) immediately post‐training. During both weeks, athletes were instructed to "make weight" for the upcoming competition. Performance in timed push‐ups and the Special Judo Fitness Test improved by 14.6% and 6.8%, respectively, at the end of the training week with CM consumption (both p < 0.001). Decreased salivary cortisol (p < 0.01) and a trend for an increased salivary testosterone/cortisol ratio (p = 0.07) were also observed midweek in the CM condition. Saliva flow rate was higher during the week with CM intake compared with W intake (p < 0.001). DOMS (p < 0.001) and mood disturbance (p < 0.0001) increased after the first day of training in the W condition but not in the CM condition. Salivary testosterone and SIgA responses were similar between treatments (p > 0.05). Body mass decreased by 1.9% in the W condition and by 1.1% in the CM condition, with no significant difference between treatments. This study indicates that postexercise CM consumption during short‐term intensive judo training enhances aspects of recovery without affecting intentional weight loss.
Teaching subjects with type 2 diabetes how to incorporate sugar choices into their daily meal plan promotes dietary compliance and does not deteriorate metabolic profile$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine whether teaching free‐living subjects with type 2 diabetes how to incorporate added sugars or sweets into their daily meal plan results in a greater consumption of calories (fat or sugar) and deteriorates their glycemic or lipid profiles but improves their perceived quality of life. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: In an 8‐month randomized controlled trial, 48 free‐living subjects with type 2 diabetes were taught either a conventional (C) meal plan (no concentrated sweets) or one permitting as much as 10% of total energy as added sugars or sweets (S). Mean individual nutrient intake was determined using the average of six 24‐h telephone recalls per 4 months. Metabolic control and quality of life were evaluated every 2 months. Quality of life was assessed using the Medical Outcome Survey and the Diabetes Quality of Life questionnaire. RESULTS: The S group did not consume more calories (fat or sugar) and in fact ate significantly less carbohydrate (‐15 vs. 10 g) and less starch (‐7 vs. 8 g) and had a tendency to eat fewer calories (‐77 vs. 81 kcal) than the C group. Weight remained stable, and there was no evidence that consuming more sugar worsened metabolic profile or improved their perceived quality of life. CONCLUSIONS: Giving individuals with type 2 diabetes the freedom to include sugar in their daily meal plan had no negative impact on dietary habits or metabolic control. Health professionals can be reassured and encouraged to teach the new "sugar guidelines," because doing so may result in a more conscientious carbohydrate consumption.
Soy protein reduces serum LDL cholesterol and the LDL cholesterol: HDL cholesterol and apolipoprotein B: apolipoprotein A-I ratios in adults with type 2 diabetes$$$ Type 2 diabetes is highly prevalent in North America and is associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Evidence supports a role for soy protein in the reduction of serum lipids related to CVD risk$$$ however, few studies have focused on adults with type 2 diabetes who are not on lipid‐lowering medications and/or do not have diabetic complications. The purpose of this study was to determine the effect of soy protein isolate (SPI) consumption on serum lipids in adults with diet‐controlled type 2 diabetes. Using a double‐blind, randomized, crossover, placebo‐controlled intervention study design, adults with diet‐controlled type 2 diabetes (n = 29) consumed SPI (80 mg/d aglycone isoflavones) or milk protein isolate (MPI) for 57 d each separated by a 28‐d washout period. Twenty‐four‐hour urine samples were collected on d 54‐56 of each treatment for analysis of isoflavones and blood was collected on d 1 and 57 of each treatment and analyzed for serum lipids and apolipoproteins. SPI consumption increased urinary isoflavones compared with MPI. SPI consumption reduced serum LDL cholesterol (P = 0.04), LDL cholesterol:HDL cholesterol (P = 0.02), and apolipoprotein B:apolipoprotein A‐I (P = 0.05) compared with MPI. SPI did not affect serum total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, triacylglycerol, apolipoprotein B, or apolipoprotein A‐I. These data demonstrate that consumption of soy protein can modulate some serum lipids in a direction beneficial for CVD risk in adults with type 2 diabetes.
Effects of acute postexercise chocolate milk consumption during intensive judo training on the recovery of salivary hormones, salivary SIgA, mood state, muscle soreness, and judo-related performance$$$ This study examined the effects of postexercise chocolate milk (CM) or water (W) consumption during 5 days of intensive judo training with concomitant weight loss on salivary cortisol and testosterone, salivary secretory immunoglobulin A (SIgA), delayed‐onset muscle soreness (DOMS), and judo‐related performance. Twelve trained male judo athletes engaged in 5 days of intensive judo training followed by a simulated judo competition, on 2 separate training weeks 14 days apart. The athletes consumed 1000 mL of W (week 1) or CM (week 2) immediately post‐training. During both weeks, athletes were instructed to "make weight" for the upcoming competition. Performance in timed push‐ups and the Special Judo Fitness Test improved by 14.6% and 6.8%, respectively, at the end of the training week with CM consumption (both p < 0.001). Decreased salivary cortisol (p < 0.01) and a trend for an increased salivary testosterone/cortisol ratio (p = 0.07) were also observed midweek in the CM condition. Saliva flow rate was higher during the week with CM intake compared with W intake (p < 0.001). DOMS (p < 0.001) and mood disturbance (p < 0.0001) increased after the first day of training in the W condition but not in the CM condition. Salivary testosterone and SIgA responses were similar between treatments (p > 0.05). Body mass decreased by 1.9% in the W condition and by 1.1% in the CM condition, with no significant difference between treatments. This study indicates that postexercise CM consumption during short‐term intensive judo training enhances aspects of recovery without affecting intentional weight loss.
Effects of a dietary intervention on gastrointestinal symptoms after prostate cancer radiotherapy: long-term results from a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background and purpose To evaluate the long‐term effects of dietary intervention on gastrointestinal symptoms after highly dose‐escalated radiotherapy for localized prostate cancer, using boost with protons or high‐dose‐rate brachytherapy. Materials and methods Patients were randomized to an intervention group (n = 64) advised to reduce insoluble dietary fiber and lactose intake, or to a standard care group (n = 66) advised to continue their usual diet. Gastrointestinal symptoms, other domains of health‐related quality of life (HRQOL), and dietary intake were evaluated for <24 months post‐radiotherapy with the European Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer quality‐of‐life questionnaires QLQ‐C30 and QLQ‐PR25, Gastrointestinal Side Effects Questionnaire, and Food Frequency Questionnaire. The effect of the intervention on gastrointestinal symptoms was evaluated using generalized estimating equations. Results Dietary intervention had no obvious effect on long‐term gastrointestinal symptoms or HRQOL. The intervention group markedly reduced their dietary fiber and lactose intake during radiotherapy, but adherence tended to decline over time. The vast majority of long‐term gastrointestinal symptoms were reported as 'a little', with a noticeable difference from pre‐treatment only for unintentional stool leakage, limitations on daily activities, and mucus discharge. Conclusion Long‐term gastrointestinal symptoms were predominantly mild, and dietary intervention was not superior to a usual diet in preventing these symptoms.
Circulating insulin-like growth factors: correlates and responses to calcium supplementation in colorectal adenoma patients$$$ Insulinlike growth factor 1 (IGF‐1) and its binding proteins are an important part of the IGF/growth hormone axis needed for normal growth and organ function. IGF‐1 signaling has also been implicated in tumorigenesis with higher circulating levels of IGF‐1 and the molar ratio of IGF‐1 to IGF binding protein 3 (IGFBP‐3) being directly associated with colorectal, breast, and prostate cancers, as well as with colorectal adenomas. IGF binding protein 2 (IGFBP‐2) also appears to be overexpressed in colorectal and lung cancers and leukemias. Limited evidence suggests that various dietary and lifestyle factors may influence circulating levels of IGF‐1, IGFBP‐2, and IGFBP‐3. Among these factors, calcium has been statistically significantly associated with IGF‐1, IGFBP‐2, and IGFBP‐3, but its effects on them have not been tested in a clinical trial. To investigate the effects of supplemental calcium (1.0 or 2.0 g/day) on serum levels of IGF‐1, IGFBP‐2, and IGFBP‐3, we analyzed samples from a randomized, doubleb‐linded, placebo‐controlled, dose‐response clinical trial of patients with previous sporadic, colorectal adenoma. We also investigated associations of various risk factors with the growth factors at baseline. IGF‐1 was measured using an enzyme‐linked immunosorbent assay, and IGFBP‐2 and IGFBP‐3 were measured using quantitative Western ligand blot assays. We found no appreciable effects of calcium over the 4‐month treatment period on IGF‐1, IGFBP‐2, and IGFBP‐3. At baseline, lower levels of IGF‐1 and IGFBP‐3 were associated with being female (P = 0.02 and 0.01, respectively) or older (P = 0.02 and 0.02, respectively)$$$ the IGF‐1/ IGFBP‐3 molar ratio was inversely associated with body mass index (BMI) (P = 0.04)$$$ and IGFBP‐2 was directly associated with age (P = 0.002) but inversely associated with BMI (P < 0.0001). We calculated residuals of non‐fat milk intake as a novel method of examining the non‐calcium, nonfat component of milk, modeled after the energy adjustment residual method. These residuals were inversely associated with IGFBP‐2 (P = 0.05) and directly associated with the IGF‐1/ IGFBP‐3 molar ratio (P = 0.11). Overall, our results do not support that calcium supplementation can modulate circulating levels of IGF‐1, IGFBP‐2, or IGFBP‐3 among patients with previous colorectal adenoma. However, our findings do suggest potential associations of these growth factors with established risk factors for colorectal cancer (age [inversely associated with IGF‐1 and IGFBP‐3, directly associated with IGFBP‐2] and adiposity [inversely associated with IGFBP‐2 and the IGF‐1/ IGFBP‐3 molar ratio]). Finally, our results provide new evidence of potential associations of IGF‐1, IGFBP‐2, and IGFBP‐3 with milk intake independent of its calcium and fat content.
The effect of intravenous glucose solutions on neonatal blood glucose levels after cesarean delivery$$$ PURPOSE: Intravenous solutions are often administered to the mother on the day of a cesarean delivery to minimize the effect of preoperative fasting or to stabilize the hemodynamics. Different intravenous solutions contain varying amounts of glucose, and rapid administration may lead to hypoglycemia in the neonate. We conducted a study to compare blood glucose levels of the mother and the fetus/neonate after they were rapidly given a Ringer's solution containing 0, 1, or 5 % glucose. The effect of the glucose load that these intravenous solutions impose during cesarean delivery has not been fully reported. Therefore, we compared the effect of 0 % (Group I, n = 15), 1 % (Group II, n = 15), and 5 % (Group III, n = 15) glucose acetated Ringer's solutions on maternal and umbilical blood glucose levels to determine the optimal glucose concentration. METHODS: Once the patients were in the operating room, the intravenous solutions were administered before delivery. The primary endpoint was changes in umbilical blood glucose levels and minimum neonatal blood glucose levels, and the secondary endpoint was the proportion of neonates who received a glucose infusion. RESULTS: Maternal blood glucose levels before and after intravenous infusion were 79.2 ± 12.2 and 74.6 ± 4.6 in Group I, 81.2 ± 12.9 and 103.3 ± 11.2 in Group II (P < 0.001), and 82.3 ± 8.7 and 252.5 ± 41.8 in Group III (P < 0.001). Umbilical blood glucose levels were 53.9 ± 10.2 in Group I, 80.8 ± 13.7 in Group II, and 181.8 ± 22.2 in Group III (P < 0.01: Group I vs. Group II and P < 0.01: Group II vs. Group III) (P < 0.001: Group I vs. Group III). Minimum neonatal blood glucose levels measured up to 8 h after birth were 35.7 ± 9.6 in Group I, 49.8 ± 10.8 in Group II, and 29.2 ± 7.5 in Group III. Neonatal hypoglycemia requiring glucose before the first milk feeding occurred in 6 neonates whose mothers were in Group I, 3 in Group II, and 9 in Group III, indicating a trend towards less neonatal hypoglycemia in Group II. CONCLUSIONS: The use of 1 % glucose acetated Ringer's solution did not induce hyperglycemia in the mother and it was able to maintain appropriate blood glucose levels in the fetus.
Five-year predictive factors of type 2 diabetes in men with impaired fasting glucose$$$ AIM: The outcome of 743 French men (age 20‐60) with impaired fasting glucose (IFG) [blood glucose 6.1‐6.9 mmol/l] at T1 was evaluated 5 years later, at T2. METHODS: Personal and family medical history, smoking, nutritional habits, physical activity, blood pressure, body mass index (BMI) and waist girth, fasting biological data were collected at T1 and T2. Predictive factors for developing diabetes were compared between those who returned to normal fasting glucose and those who had diabetes, before and after adjustment for age, BMI, glucose and triglyceride (TG) levels. RESULTS: At T2, 44%, 39%, 17% were classified as normal fasting plasma glucose (FPG), IFG or diabetic, respectively. Odd ratios for diabetes were 4.2 for men with a family history of diabetes (FHD), 3.4 if BMI > or = 25 kg/m(2), 2.9 if waist girth > or = 90 cm, 2.8 if TG > or = 2 mmol/l and 1.9 if no daily dairy products were eaten. Still significant after adjustment for age, BMI, glucose and TG levels were: FHD (P=0.001), no daily dairy products (P=0.001), high alcohol intake (P=0.02) and low physical activity (P = 0.02). CONCLUSION: No daily dairy products, high alcohol intake and low physical activity were independent predictive factors of a 5‐year onset of diabetes after adjusting for BMI, FHD, triglyceride and glucose levels at baseline. For a better prevention of diabetes, these findings give clues for behaviour modifications as soon as IFG is detected.
Feasibility of multi domain preventive lifestyle intervention in stroke patients. Twelve-month findings from a randomized, multi-center, multi-intervention study to prevent cognitive decline after ischemic stroke (ASPIS)$$$ Background: Cognitive impairment after stroke is a considerable burden to stroke survivors. Using the data of the 1‐year interim analysis of the ASPIS trial designed to examine whether intensive multi‐intervention lifestyle modifications can prevent cognitive decline at 24 months we evaluated the effectiveness of such intervention on lifestyle parameters. Methods: A randomized, multicenter, observer‐blind, two‐arm parallel group clinical trial in 202 acute stroke patients. Lifestyle interventions in the intervention group were individually designed with the target of increasing regular physical activity, improving healthy diet and adequate blood pressure control. The control group obtained standard stroke care. Results: After 12months the use of reduced‐fat milk (p = 0.031), reducedfat spreads (p = 0.007) and the consumption of fish (p = 0.021) significantly increased in the intervention group compared to baseline, but no changes were observed in the control group. Furthermore, we created a low‐risk lifestyle summary score including lifestyle indicators (nutrition, physical exercise, body mass index, non‐smoking) and a low‐risk lifestyle and laboratory summary score including additionally fasting glucose, blood pressure and non‐high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol. Those scores indicated a significant improvement in the number of healthy lifestyle indicators and adequately controlled laboratory parameters (p < 0.001) in the intervention group compared with the control group. Conclusions: These interim results of the ASPIS‐trial demonstrate the feasibility of intensified individualized lifestyle interventions in stroke patients and confirm that multidomain interventions might be more effective in changing lifestyle habits than standard stroke care.
Very low energy diets: the past and presence$$$ Failure to achieve appropriate weight loss, particularly in severely obese patients, by traditional low calorie diets led to implementation of strict calorie restrictions in the weight management. Serious health hazards including sudden deaths associated with semi‐starvation and the use of liquid protein diets in the past led to development of very low energy diets (VLEDs). VLEDs were prepared by using proteins of a high biological quality as that of milk or egg white. The whey protein represented the main source of supplied proteins in the frst Czechoslovak VLED (Redita®) prepared in the late eighties. Currently used VLEDs are characterized by energy intake about 3500 kJ and provide an appropriate supply of proteins incl. all essential amino acids, minerals, vitamins and trace elements. Amount of fat is substantially reduced and is mainly represented by essential fatty acids. Daily supply of carbohydrate in VLEDs is reduced to 30‐80 g. High protein intake and mild ketosis exert protein‐sparing and satiating effects. The rapid weight loss, approximately 10 kg after one month of VLED administration, is mainly due to fat loss. In severely obese patients weight loss of 20‐25 kg is observed after 4 months of VLED treatment. VLEDs are primarily indicated for weight management, particularly in severely obese, in whom weight loss before surgery is recommended or who cannot undergo bariatric surgery. In addition VLEDs have also been proved an efcient approach to treat type 2 diabetes (T2D), obstructive sleep apnea, arthritis, and non‐alcoholic fatty liver disease. VLEDs rapidly reduce cardiometabolic health risks: improve lipid profle and glucose homeostasis, reduce blood pressure and visceral fat. Improvements in steroid profle and SHBG levels were observed after the treatment with Redita®. Some VLEDs signifcantly reduce carbohydrate intake which leads to a more profound improvement in insulin sensitivity and glucose homeostasis. VLEDs mimic the early benefcial effect of gastric bypass on insulin sensitivity and beta‐cell function in T2D. Reversal of T2D in youth who adhered to a VLED was demonstrated. VLED‐induced weight loss is associated with improved insulin signaling and with a decrease in intramyocellular lipid content. Replacement of 1‐2 daily meals with portion/s of VLED is one of the most effective tools for weight loss maintenance. Look AHEAD trial conducted in overweight/obese patients with T2D clearly demonstrated that the degree of weight loss after 1 year of intensive lifestyle intervention was dependent on the number of daily consumed portions of VLED. effects of meal replacement (MR) are mostly due to the controlled energy content and to the high protein vs. low fat content. MR also contributes to a more appropriate intake of essential nutrients. Use of VLEDs both as a sole source of nutrition and as MR should be initiated by a physician who should take into account indications and contraindications in individual patients. VLEDs should be included into long‐term weight management programs with diet, increased physical activity and cognitive behavioral intervention. During the follow‐up dietitians or trained nurses/counselors may be responsible for the weight management while physicians might play only advisory role.
Ayurvedic management of diabetic complication$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Mustaa â?? Aamalaki Siddha Takra Dhaaraa for 8 days followed by the oral administration of rasayana dravya Churna: Mustaa(cyperus rotundus) â?? Aamalaki(emblica officinelis)Siddha Takra(butter milk) Dhaaraa for 8 days followed by the oral administration of Guduchi(tinospora cordifolia) and Aamalaki Churna with the dose of 6 gm BD before food with warm water (40â?°C â?? 50â?°C) for 30 days Control Intervention1: Yashtavhadi Niruha Basti with Madhuyashti Taila Anuvaasana Basti for 8 days as Yoga Basti followed by the oral administration of rasayana dravya Churna: Yashtavhadi Niruha Basti with Madhu(honey)50gm, Saindhava Lavana(rock salt)5gm,Go Ghrita75gm, Shatapushpa(anethum sowa),Madanaphala Pippali(randia spinosa)25gm (equal quantity),Madhuya shti Kwatha 150ml,Go Dugdha 100ml,and Madhuyashti(glycyrrhiza glabra)Taila 60ml Anuvaasana Basti for 8 days as Yoga Basti followed by the oral administration of Guduchi and Aamalaki Churna in the dose of 6 gm BD before food with warm water (40â?°C â?? 50â?°C) for a period of 30 days CONDITION: Madhumeha janya Daahaa(Diabetic Neuropathy) PRIMARY OUTCOME: Response in burning sensation in limbs‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 38 days SECONDARY OUTCOME: overall improvement of quality of life in diabetic neuropathy(MOS SF‐36)‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 90 days INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1.Patients with positive clinical history of type 2 diabetes mellitus with the symptoms of neuropathy (peripheral). 2.Patients fit for Basti Karma, Takra Dhaaraa. 3.Metabolically stable diabetic patients with symptomatic diabetic sensory motor polyneuropathy.
Australian sweet lupin flour addition reduces the glycaemic index of a white bread breakfast without affecting palatability in healthy human volunteers$$$ The addition of some legume ingredients to bread has been associated with effects on glycaemic, insulinaemic and satiety responses that may be beneficial in controlling type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease and obesity. However, the effect of Australian sweet lupin (Lupinus angustifolius) flour (ASLF) is unknown. This investigation examined the effect of adding ASLF to standard white bread on post‐meal glycaemic, insulinaemic and satiety responses and palatability in healthy subjects. Using a randomised, single‐blind, cross‐over design, 11 subjects consumed one breakfast of ASLF bread and two of standard white bread > or =7 days apart after fasting overnight. Each breakfast also included margarine, jam, and tea with milk and contained 50 g available carbohydrate. On each test day, blood samples were taken after fasting, then several times over 2 hours post‐prandially, and analysed for plasma glucose and serum insulin. Subjects rated breakfast palatability and perception of satiety, in the fasting state and over 3 hours post‐prandially, after which food intake from an ad libitum buffet and for the rest of the day was recorded. Incremental areas under the curves for glucose, insulin and satiety, glycaemic index, insulinaemic index and satiety index were calculated. ASLF addition to the breakfast reduced its glycaemic index (mean +/‐SEM$$$ ASLF bread breakfast = 74.0 +/‐9.6. Standard white bread breakfast = 100, P=0.022), raised its insulinaemic index (ASLF bread breakfast = 127.7 +/‐12.0. Standard white bread breakfast = 100, P=0.046), but did not affect palatability, satiety or food intake. ASLF addition resulted in a palatable breakfast$$$ however, the potential benefits of the lowered glycaemic index may be eclipsed by the increased insulinaemic index.
Delivering a lifestyle and weight loss intervention to individuals in real-world mental health settings: lessons and opportunities$$$ Most weight loss interventions for obesity‐related risks 11 exclude people with serious mental health conditions. Our goal was to adapt a successful lifestyle/weight loss intervention for this population, deliver it in mental health clinics, and concurrently measure implementation factors. Developmental and implementation‐focused formative evaluations guided adaptations and identified barriers/facilitators to successful program deployment. Adaptations included content specific to the population's needs, consciousness‐raising among clinicians and patients, additional case management, and greater program flexibility. Barriers included instability in both settings from different sources. Facilitators included familiarity with groups, manual integrity, and appreciation of the program. It was delivered consistently across settings with maximum exposure and fairly good fidelity to the protocol (mean rating = 1. 7, 2. 0 = complete fidelity). This mixed‐method implementation evaluation demonstrated that lifestyle/weight loss interventions in mental health settings are complex, but feasible, and valued by participants. Main program outcomes will be reported at the trial's conclusion. © 2011 Society of Behavioral Medicine.
Urinary lithogenic risk profile in recurrent stone formers with hyperoxaluria: a randomized controlled trial comparing DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension)-style and low-oxalate diets$$$ BACKGROUND: Patients with nephrolithiasis and hyperoxaluria generally are advised to follow a low‐oxalate diet. However, most people do not eat isolated nutrients, but meals consisting of a variety of foods with complex combinations of nutrients. A more rational approach to nephrolithiasis prevention would be to base dietary advice on the cumulative effects of foods and different dietary patterns rather than single nutrients. STUDY DESIGN: Randomized controlled trial. SETTING & PARTICIPANTS: Recurrent stone formers with hyperoxaluria (urine oxalate > 40 mg/d). INTERVENTION: The intervention group was asked to follow a calorie‐controlled Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH)‐style diet (a diet high in fruit, vegetables, whole grains, and low‐fat dairy products and low in saturated fat, total fat, cholesterol, refined grains, sweets, and meat), whereas the control group was prescribed a low‐oxalate diet. Study length was 8 weeks. OUTCOMES: Primary: change in urinary calcium oxalate supersaturation. SECONDARY: Changes in 24‐hour urinary composition. RESULTS: 57 participants were randomly assigned (DASH group, 29$$$ low‐oxalate group, 28). 41 participants completed the trial (DASH group, 21$$$ low‐oxalate group, 20). As‐treated analysis showed a trend for urinary oxalate excretion to increase in the DASH versus the low‐oxalate group (point estimate of difference, 9.0mg/d$$$ 95% CI, ‐1.1 to 19.1mg/d$$$ P=0.08). However, there was a trend for calcium oxalate supersaturation to decrease in the DASH versus the low‐oxalate group (point estimate of difference, ‐1.24$$$ 95% CI, ‐2.80 to 0.32$$$ P=0.08) in association with an increase in magnesium and citrate excretion and urine pH in the DASH versus low‐oxalate group. LIMITATIONS: Limited sample size, as‐treated analysis, nonsignificant results. CONCLUSIONS: The DASH diet might be an effective alternative to the low‐oxalate diet in reducing calcium oxalate supersaturation and should be studied more.
Effect of Probiotic Supplementation on Cognitive Function and Metabolic Status in Alzheimer's Disease: a Randomized, Double-Blind and Controlled Trial$$$ Alzheimer's disease (AD) is associated with severe cognitive impairments as well as some metabolic defects. Scant studies in animal models indicate a link between probiotics and cognitive function. This randomized, double‐blind, and controlled clinical trial was conducted among 60 AD patients to assess the effects of probiotic supplementation on cognitive function and metabolic status. The patients were randomly divided into two groups (n = 30 in each group) treating with either milk (control group) or a mixture of probiotics (probiotic group). The probiotic supplemented group took 200 ml/day probiotic milk containing Lactobacillus acidophilus, Lactobacillus casei, Bifidobacterium bifidum, and Lactobacillus fermentum (2 × 109 CFU/g for each) for 12 weeks. Mini‐mental state examination (MMSE) score was recorded in all subjects before and after the treatment. Pre‐ and post‐treatment fasting blood samples were obtained to determine the related markers. After 12 weeks intervention, compared with the control group (‐5.03% ± 3.00), the probiotic treated (+27.90% ± 8.07) patients showed a significant improvement in the MMSE score (P <0.001). In addition, changes in plasma malondialdehyde (‐22.01% ± 4.84 vs. +2.67% ± 3.86 μmol/L, P <0.001), serum high‐sensitivity C‐reactive protein (‐17.61% ± 3.70 vs. +45.26% ± 3.50 μg/mL, P <0.001), homeostasis model of assessment‐estimated insulin resistance (+28.84% ± 13.34 vs. +76.95% ± 24.60, P = 0.002), Beta cell function (+3.45% ± 10.91 vs. +75.62% ± 23.18, P = 0.001), serum triglycerides (‐20.29% ± 4.49 vs. ‐0.16% ± 5.24 mg/dL, P = 0.003), and quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (‐1.83 ± 1.26 vs. ‐4.66 ± 1.70, P = 0.006) in the probiotic group were significantly varied compared to the control group. We found that the probiotic treatment had no considerable effect on other biomarkers of oxidative stress and inflammation, fasting plasma glucose, and other lipid profiles. Overall, the current study demonstrated that probiotic consumption for 12 weeks positively affects cognitive function and some metabolic statuses in the AD patients. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: http://www.irct.ir/, IRCT201511305623N60.
Nutritional Intervention Contributes to the Improvement of Symptoms Related to Quality of Life in Breast Cancer Patients Undergoing Neoadjuvant Chemotherapy: a Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ During breast cancer treatment, worsening quality of life (QoL) and the presence of toxicities are common, but healthy eating practices are associated with better clinical results. Thus, this study aims to evaluate the effect of a nutritional intervention on QoL and on gastrointestinal and hematological toxicities resulting from chemotherapy in women with breast cancer. A randomized clinical trial was performed at the beginning of neoadjuvant chemotherapy treatment for women with breast cancer. All participants received nutritional advice on healthy eating practices, but only the intervention group (IG) received an individualized diet plan. The study enrolled 34 women, 19 in the IG and 15 in the control group (CG). During the study, the CG significantly presented a reduction (from 21.6 ± 5.9 kg to 18.8 ± 4.0 kg, p = 0.009) in handgrip strength (HGS), while the IG did not present changes in this variable. Regarding QoL, the IG preserved the role function during treatment and presented better results for nausea/vomiting and loss of appetite compared to the CG. In gastrointestinal and hematological toxicities, the IG had lower frequencies of leukopenia and abdominal pain. The nutritional intervention preserved the role function of QoL and HGS, reduced the occurrence of nausea/vomiting, loss of appetite and the frequency of leukopenia and abdominal pain.
Does a diagnosis of Type 2 diabetes lead to a change in diet?$$$ Background: The Early ACTivity In Diabetes trial is a randomised controlled trial looking at the effect of diet and exercise in people with newly diagnosed Type 2 diabetes. Participants are randomised into the trial 5‐8 months after diagnosis. Here we describe participants' self‐reported dietary changes made between diagnosis and randomisation and compare them to current recommendations. Methods: At study entry, all participants had a 45 minute consultation with a dietitian where they were questioned about the dietary changes they had made since diagnosis. Records of the first 491 participants were examined. Results: 33 reported no change since diagnosis: 14 of these reported already eating healthily. 457 participants reported at least one change with 198 reporting changes to four or more areas. 244 participants reported changes to fat consumption e.g. changing spreads, reducing cheese$$$ 228 a reduction in foods high in fat and sugar and 217 reduced sugar intake e.g. using sweeteners. 20% reported reducing portions, increasing fruit, increasing vegetables, reducing alcohol or increasing wholegrains. Less common changes included having breakfast (10%) increasing oily fish (9%), reducing salt (8%) and increasing pulses (1%). Conclusions: Within the first 8 months of diagnosis the majority of patients with diabetes have made changes to their diet. These are in line with Diabetes UK guidelines and focus on reducing fat and fatty‐sugary foods as well as sugar intake. Further education in these patients should focus on increasing intake of healthy foods, reducing salt and alcohol, portion control and meal pattern.
Effects of hydrolysed casein, intact casein and intact whey protein on energy expenditure and appetite regulation: a randomised, controlled, cross-over study$$$ Casein and whey differ in amino acid composition and in the rate of absorption$$$ however, the absorption rate of casein can be increased to mimic that of whey by exogenous hydrolysis. The objective of the present study was to compare the effects of hydrolysed casein (HC), intact casein (IC) and intact whey (IW) on energy expenditure (EE) and appetite regulation, and thereby to investigate the influence of amino acid composition and the rate of absorption. In the present randomised cross‐over study, twenty‐four overweight and moderately obese young men and women consumed three isoenergetic dietary treatments that varied in protein source. The study was conducted in a respiration chamber, where EE, substrate oxidation and subjective appetite were measured over 24 h at three independent visits. Moreover, blood and urine samples were collected from the participants. The results showed no differences in 24 h and postprandial EE or appetite regulation. However, lipid oxidation, estimated from the respiratory quotient (RQ), was found to be higher after consumption of IW than after consumption of HC during daytime (P= 0014) as well as during the time after the breakfast meal (P= 0008) when the food was provided. Likewise, NEFA concentrations were found to be higher after consumption of IW than after consumption of HC and IC (P< 001). However, there was no overall difference in the concentration of insulin or glucagon‐like peptide 1. In conclusion, dietary treatments when served as high‐protein mixed meals induced similar effects on EE and appetite regulation, except for lipid oxidation, where RQ values suggest that it is higher after consumption of IW than after consumption of HC.
Randomized, controlled nutrition education trial promotes a Mediterranean diet and improves anthropometric, dietary, and metabolic parameters in adults$$$ Several studies have shown that uptake of a Mediterranean diet could prevent many chronic diseases, such as cancer. However, the effectiveness of Mediterranean diet promotion interventions has not been well researched. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effectiveness of a nutrition education intervention for promoting the Mediterranean diet, by assessing changes in anthropometric, physical activity, dietetic and metabolic parameters in healthy adult subjects, before and after the intervention. Eighty participants, both sexes, aged 51‐59 years, were randomly assigned in a 1:1 ratio to the intervention or the control group. The intervention group participated in the Med‐Food Anticancer Program (MFAP), designed to promote a Mediterranean diet. This was organized into 15 weeks of intensive training and 10 weeks of consolidation. Participants of the two groups were assessed at baseline (T0) and after 25 weeks (T1) for anthropometric, physical activity, dietetic, and metabolic parameters. The hypothesis was that subjects participating in MFAP would show an improvement in these parameters. The primary endpoint was an improvement of the Mediterranean Adequacy Index (MAI), calculated by dividing the percentage of total energy from typical Mediterranean food groups by the percentage of total energy from non‐typical Mediterranean food groups. At T1, the intervention group showed a significant decrease in body weight (‐8.3%, P = 0.045), body mass index (‐12.4%, P = 0.05), cheese (53.0%, P < 0.0001) and meat (‐49.3%, P = 0.005) intake, fasting glycaemia (‐9.2%, P = 0.012), and fasting insulin (‐32.6%, P = 0.014), C‐Reactive Protein (‐34.0%, P = 0.005). They showed a significant increase in MAI (+213, P < 0.0001), physical activity (expressed in steps per day, +200.4%, P < 0.0001), fruit (+38.8, P < 0.0001), vegetables (29.3%, P < 0.0001), and dietary fiber (+38.6%, P = 0.04) intake. In contrast, the control group presented non‐significant variations in measured parameters, for exception of cheese intake (+18.2%, P < 0.0001). The MFAP was found to promote uptake of the Mediterranean diet, and improve anthropometric, physical activity, dietary, and metabolic parameters in healthy subjects.
Effect of folic acid fortification of foods on folate intake in female smokers with cervical dysplasia$$$ OBJECTIVE: We investigated the effect of folic acid fortification of enriched cereal grains on folate intake in women of predominantly childbearing age at high risk for cervical cancer. METHODS: Subjects in this cross‐sectional study were 77 women randomized between November 1999 and December 2000 in the Women's Intervention to Stay Healthy (WISH), a clinical trial evaluating the effect of a tobacco control intervention on the progression of cervical dysplasia. All subjects were cigarette smokers, had a previously abnormal Papanicolaou test, and were positive for high‐risk human papillomavirus at entry. Dietary intake was assessed with food‐frequency questionnaires completed at the baseline visit for WISH. The effect of folic acid fortification on folate intake was assessed by using pre‐ and postfortification folate databases to estimate folate intake. RESULTS: Mean folate intake assessed with the postfortification database was 63% higher than intake assessed with the prefortification database: 417 versus 256 microg/d of dietary folate equivalents (P < 0.0001). The proportion of subjects below the estimated average requirement for folate was smaller after fortification than before fortification: 40.3% versus 75.3% (P < 0.0001). Several foods, including white bread, cheese dishes, spaghetti, and rice, became major sources of folate as a result of fortification. CONCLUSIONS: Folic acid fortification resulted in an increased intake of folate in these subjects. However, even with fortification, folate intake in a large proportion of these women remained below recommended levels. These results should be considered before decisions regarding future levels of folic acid fortification are made.
Influence of diet on nipple aspirate fluid production and estrogen levels$$$ One possible mechanism how nutritional factors may affect breast cancer risk is through an influence on estrogen levels. Nipple aspirate fluid (NAF) is thought to provide a more direct insight into hormonal influences on breast tissue than serum. The ability to produce NAF may be an indicator of breast cancer risk. The current analysis was conducted as part of a soy trial in 92 premenopausal women and evaluated the relation of usual dietary intake with NAF volume and the most predominant steroidal estrogens in NAF and serum at baseline. Estradiol (E(2)) and estrone sulfate (E(1)S) were assessed in NAF and E(2), estrone (E(1)), and E(1)S, in serum using highly sensitive radioimmunoassays. The statistical analysis applied multivariate, log‐linear regression models. Intake of saturated fat and cheese (p = 0.06 for both) indicated a positive trend with NAF volume whereas isoflavonoid and soy consumption suggested inverse associations (p = 0.01 and p = 0.08). For estrogens in NAF, total fat and monounsaturated fat intake was positively associated with E(2) (p = 0.05 and p = 0.02) and in serum, alcohol intake was associated with higher E(1)S levels (p = 0.02). These findings suggest a weak influence of dietary composition on NAF production and estrogen levels in serum and NAF.
The effect of soy consumption on the urinary 2: 16-hydroxyestrone ratio in postmenopausal women depends on equol production status but is not influenced by probiotic consumption$$$ Some epidemiologic studies reported an association between a low ratio of urinary 2‐hydroxyestrogens (2‐hydroxyestradiol + 2‐hydroxyestrone) to 16alpha‐hydroxyestrone (2:16OHE(1)) and increased breast cancer risk. Some studies show that soy consumption increases this ratio, and it is suggested that this effect may reduce breast cancer risk. We hypothesized that consumption of probiotic bacteria would alter fecal bacteria and enzymes involved in soy isoflavone metabolism, thereby increasing isoflavone bioavailability and enhancing the beneficial effects of soy on estrogen metabolism. Breast cancer survivors (n = 20) and controls (n = 20) were given 4 treatments for 6 wk each, separated by 2‐wk washout periods, in a randomized, crossover design: soy protein (26.6 +/‐ 4.5 g protein/d containing 44.4 +/‐ 7.5 mg isoflavones/d)$$$ soy protein + probiotics (10(9) colony‐forming units Lactobacillus acidophilus DDS(R)+1 & Bifidobacterium longum, 15‐30 mg fructooligosaccharide/d)$$$ milk protein (26.6 +/‐ 4.5 g protein/d)$$$ and milk protein + probiotics. Survivors tended to have a lower baseline urine 2:16OHE(1) ratio than controls (P = 0.10). In the group as a whole, soy consumption tended to increase urinary 2‐hydroxyestrogens (P = 0.07) and 16alpha‐hydroxyestrone (P = 0.11) but had no effect on the urinary 2:16OHE(1) ratio. When subjects were divided into groups by plasma concentrations and urinary levels of the daidzein metabolite equol, soy increased urinary 2‐hydroxyestrogens (P = 0.01) and the 2:16OHE(1) ratio (P = 0.04) only in subjects with high plasma equol concentrations. None of these results were influenced by probiotic consumption. These results are consistent with studies that found lower urine 2:16OHE(1) ratios in women with breast cancer and suggest that soy consumption increases this ratio only in women who are equol producers.
Fibroblast growth factor receptor fusions in cancer: opportunities and challenges$$$ Fibroblast growth factors (FGFs) and their receptors (FGFRs) play critical roles in many biological processes and developmental functions. Chromosomal translocation of FGFRs result in the formation of chimeric FGFR fusion proteins, which often cause aberrant signaling leading to the development and progression of human cancer. Due to the high recurrence rate and carcinogenicity, oncogenic FGFR gene fusions have been identified as promising therapeutic targets. Erdafitinib and pemigatinib, two FGFR selective inhibitors targeting FGFR fusions, have been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to treat patients with urothelial cancer and cholangiocarcinoma, respectively. Futibatinib, a third‐generation FGFR inhibitor, is under phase III clinical trials in patients with FGFR gene rearrangements. Herein, we review the current understanding of the FGF/FGFRs system and the oncogenic effect of FGFR fusions, summarize promising inhibitors under clinical development for patients with FGFR fusions, and highlight the challenges in this field.
The Type of Dietary Fat in an Isocaloric Breakfast Meal Does Not Modify Postprandial Metabolism in Overweight/Obese Pregnant Women$$$ Almonds provide a satiating, healthy source of fat and fiber. The postprandial metabolic and satiety response to 2 ounces of nuts or dairy was assessed in 18 overweight/obese women during late pregnancy. Serum glucose, triglycerides, insulin, c‐peptide, leptin, ghrelin, and lipoprotein particles were measured prior to and during a 5‐h postprandial period following the consumption of an isocaloric breakfast meal with equivalent amounts of fat from either nuts or dairy on two separate mornings. Satiety was assessed by visual analogue scale (VAS) questionnaires and ad libitum food intake at the end of the study. At 33 weeks gestation, the women had gained an average of 7.0 ± 4.4 kg during gestation. Body fat averaged 41.9 ± 5.5% and hemoglobin A1c levels were elevated, (7.2 ± 0.6%). Fasting glucose levels were normal, but hyperinsulinemia was evident. The two test meals did not affect the postprandial metabolic response, but glucose, triglyceride, and ghrelin concentrations changed with time during the postprandial period (p < 0.001, p = 0.0008, p = 0.006). Satiety measures did not differ between the two test meals. Consuming an isocaloric breakfast meal with equivalent amounts of fat from nuts or dairy did not alter postprandial levels of blood lipids, glucose, hormones, or measures of satiety in overweight/obese, pregnant women.
Butter differs from olive oil and sunflower oil in its effects on postprandial lipemia and triacylglycerol-rich lipoproteins after single mixed meals in healthy young men$$$ Accumulation of postprandial triacylglycerol‐rich lipoproteins is generated by assimilation of ingested dietary fat and has been increasingly related to atherogenic risk. Nevertheless, the influence of different kinds of dietary fatty acids on postprandial lipid metabolism is not well established, except for (n‐3) polyunsaturated long‐chain fatty acids. Our goal was to evaluate the effects of test meals containing a common edible fat source of saturated (butter), monounsaturated (olive oil) or (n‐6) polyunsaturated (sunflower oil) fatty acids on postprandial lipid and triacylglycerol‐rich lipoprotein responses. After a 12‐h fast, 10 healthy young men ingested mixed meals containing 0 g (control) or 40 g fat, provided as butter, olive oil or sunflower oil in a random order. Fasting and postmeal blood samples were collected for 7 h. The no‐fat test meal did not elicit any change over baseline except for plasma phospholipids, insulin and nonesterified fatty acids. Conversely, the three fat‐containing meals elicited bell‐shaped postprandial changes (P < 0.05) in serum triacylglycerols, free and esterified cholesterol, and nonesterified fatty acids. The butter meal induced a lower postprandial rise of triacylglycerols in serum and chylomicrons (incremental AUC, mmol.h/L: 0.72) than the two unsaturated oils (olive oil: 1.6, sunflower oil: 1.8), which did not differ. Circulating chylomicrons were smaller after the butter meal than after the two vegetable oil meals. The in vitro susceptibility of circulating chylomicrons to hydrolysis by postheparin plasma was higher after sunflower oil than after butter or olive oil. We conclude that butter results in lower postprandial lipemia and chylomicron accumulation in the circulation of young men than olive or sunflower oils after consumption of a single mixed meal.
Beneficial effects of combined olive oil ingestion and acute exercise on postprandial TAG concentrations in healthy young women$$$ Foods high in monounsaturated fat, such as olive oil, and endurance exercise are both known to independently reduce postprandial TAG concentrations. We examined the combined effects of exercise and dietary fat composition on postprandial TAG concentrations in nine healthy pre‐menopausal females (age 26·8 (sd 3·3) years, BMI 22·3 (sd 2·0) kg/m2). Each participant completed four, 2 d trials in a randomised order: (1) butter‐no exercise, (2) olive oil‐no exercise, (3) butter‐exercise, (4) olive oil‐exercise. On day 1 of the exercise trials, participants walked or ran on a treadmill for 60 min. On the no‐exercise trials, participants rested on day 1. On day 2 of each trial, participants rested and consumed an olive oil meal (saturated fat 15 % and unsaturated fat 85 %) or a butter meal (saturated fat 71 % and unsaturated fat 29 %) for breakfast. Venous blood samples were obtained in the fasted state and for 6 h postprandially on day 2. A significant main effect on physical activity (exercise or control) was obtained for plasma TAG concentration (three‐way ANOVA, P = 0·043), and the total area under the concentration v. time curve for TAG was 26 % lower on the olive oil‐exercise trial (4·40 (sd 0·40) mmol × 6 h/l) than the butter‐no exercise trial (5·91 (sd 1·01) mmol × 6 h/l) (one‐way ANOVA, P = 0·029). These findings suggest that the combination of exercise and a preference for monounsaturated dietary fat intake in the form of olive oil may be most beneficial for reducing postprandial TAG concentrations.
Influence of a stearic acid-rich structured triacylglycerol on postprandial lipemia, factor VII concentrations, and fibrinolytic activity in healthy subjects$$$ BACKGROUND: An elevated postprandial lipid concentration is believed to be atherogenic and to increase the risk of thrombosis. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to test whether the consumption of a stearic acid‐rich structured triacylglycerol has adverse effects on postprandial fibrinolytic activity and lipemia, factor VII coagulant (FVII:c) activity, and activated FVII (FVIIa) concentrations. DESIGN: A randomized crossover design was used to compare the effects on middle‐aged healthy men (n = 17) and women (n = 18) of meals enriched with cocoa butter, high‐oleate sunflower oil (oleate), or a structured triacylglycerol containing stearic acid. RESULTS: The mean increases from fasting in plasma triacylglycerol 3 h after the oleate, cocoa butter, and structured triacylglycerol meals were 1.36 (95% CI: 1.17, 1.56), 1.39 (1.17,1.63), and 0.65 (0.50, 0.82) mmol/L, respectively. Tissue plasminogen activator activity increased and plasminogen activator type 1 activity decreased after all 3 meals. Plasma FVII:c increased after the oleate and cocoa butter meals but not after the structured triacylglycerol meal. The values 6 h after the oleate and cocoa butter meals were 11.3% (7.0%, 15.6%) and 9.9% (4.7%, 15.2%), respectively, and were significantly different (P < 0.0001 and P = 0.001, respectively) from the value after the triacylglycerol meal [2.1% (‐1.1%, 5.3%)]. Plasma FVIIa increased after all 3 meals, more so after the oleate and cocoa butter meals than after the structured triacylglycerol meal. CONCLUSION: The consumption of stearic acid in the form of a structured triacylglycerol leads to less of an increase in plasma triacylglycerol and in FVII:c than does a meal enriched in cocoa butter or oleate.
Substituting enzymatically interesterified butter for native butter has no effect on lipemia or lipoproteinemia in Man$$$ The aim of this study was to determine whether substituting enzymatically interesterified butter for native butter in the usual diet affects lipid and lipoprotein levels in man. Parameters studied were serum total cholesterol, LDL‐cholesterol, HDL‐cholesterol, free cholesterol, phospholipids, triglycerides, apoA1 and apoB and the fatty acid composition of serum triglycerides, free fatty acids, phospholipids and cholesterol esters. Subjects were healthy volunteers and a controlled design was used. The only mathematically significant difference found when interesterified butter was substituted for butter was an about 7% lower fraction of oleic acid in the serum cholesterol esters (p = 0.005). In contrast to an earlier study where chemically interesterified butter fat was substituted for native butter, no indications are found in this study that replacing native butter by enzymatically interesterified butter, in amounts normally consumed, may have any beneficial effect on health.
Differential effects of saturated and monounsaturated fatty acids on postprandial lipemia and incretin responses in healthy subjects$$$ BACKGROUND: Elevations of postprandial triacylglycerol‐rich plasma lipoproteins and suppressions of HDL‐cholesterol concentrations are considered potentially atherogenic. Long‐term studies have shown beneficial effects of monounsaturated fatty acids (eg, oleic acid) on fasting lipid and lipoprotein concentrations in humans. A direct stimulatory effect of oleic acid on the secretion of glucagon‐like peptide 1 (GLP‐1) was shown in animal studies. OBJECTIVE: We compared the postprandial responses of glucose, insulin, fatty acids, triacylglycerol, gastric inhibitory polypeptide (GIP), and GLP‐1 to test meals rich in saturated and monounsaturated fatty acids. DESIGN: Ten young, lean, healthy persons ingested 3 meals: an energy‐free soup consumed with 50 g carbohydrate (control meal), the control meal plus 100 g butter, and the control meal plus 80 g olive oil. Triacylglycerol and retinyl palmitate responses were measured in total plasma, in a chylomicron‐rich fraction, and in a chylomicron‐poor fraction. RESULTS: No significant differences in glucose, insulin, or fatty acid responses to the 2 fat‐rich meals were seen. Plasma triacylglycerol responses were highest after the butter meal, with chylomicron triacylglycerol rising 2.5‐5‐fold. Retinyl palmitate responses were higher and more prolonged after the butter meal than after the control and olive oil meals, whereas both postprandial HDL‐cholesterol concentrations and GLP‐1 and GIP responses were higher after the olive oil meal than after the butter meal. CONCLUSIONS: Olive oil induced lower triacylglycerol concentrations and higher HDL‐cholesterol concentrations than butter, without eliciting differences in concentrations of glucose, insulin, or fatty acids. Furthermore, olive oil induced higher concentrations of GLP‐1 and GIP than did butter, which may point to a relation between fatty acid composition, incretin responses, and triacylglycerol metabolism in the postprandial phase.
Dietary cocoa butter or refined olive oil does not alter postprandial hsCRP and IL-6 concentrations in healthy women$$$ Contrary to other long chain saturated fatty acids (SFA), fats high in stearic acid do not raise plasma cholesterol concentrations, however, a slight elevation in inflammatory markers, plasma fibrinogen and interleukin‐6 (IL‐6), has been observed in the fasting state. The effect of stearic acid on inflammation in the postprandial state has not yet been reported. We conducted a single blind crossover, randomized, postprandial study to compare the effects of a fat load of cocoa butter high in stearic acid and olive oil in ten healthy women. The test meals contained 1 g of fat per kg body weight (mean 62 g). Blood samples were collected at 0 (fasting), 4 and 6 h. Both diets resulted in a significant increase in serum triacylglycerol (TAG) concentration over time (P = 0.003) and a decrease in serum IL‐6 concentration after 4 h followed by an increase to post absorptive values after 6 h (P < 0.001)$$$ whereas serum high sensitivity C‐reactive protein (hsCRP) concentration was not affected. There was no difference between diets in effects on serum TAG, hsCRP and IL‐6 concentrations and no association between postprandial lipemia and inflammatory markers. High intake of dietary fats increase postprandial serum TAG, however, may not affect inflammatory markers postprandially. Thus, fat rich in stearic acid does not seem to increase postprandial inflammation.
Contributions of fat and protein to the incretin effect of a mixed meal$$$ BACKGROUND: The relative contributions of fat and protein to the incretin effect are still largely unknown. OBJECTIVE: This study assessed the incretin effects elicited by a mixed meal, and by its fat and protein components alone, with the use of a hyperglycemic clamp combined with oral nutrients. DESIGN: Eight healthy volunteers were studied over 6 h after ingestion of a sandwich containing 1) dried meat, butter, and white bread$$$ 2) dried meat alone$$$ 3) butter alone$$$ or 4) no meal (fasting control). Meals were ingested during a hyperglycemic clamp, and the incretin effect was calculated as the increment in plasma insulin after food intake relative to the concentrations observed during the control study. RESULTS: A significant augmentation of postprandial insulin secretion, independent of plasma glycemia, occurred after ingestion of the mixed nutrients and the lipid component of the mixed meal (203 ± 20.7% and 167.4 ± 22.9% of control, respectively$$$ both P < 0.05), whereas the protein component did not induce a significant incretin effect (129.0 ± 7.9% of control$$$ P = 0.6) CONCLUSIONS: Fat ingestion, in an amount typical of a standard meal, increases insulin secretion during physiologic hyperglycemia and thus contributes to the incretin effect. In contrast, ingestion of protein typical of normal meals does not contribute to the augmentation of postprandial insulin secretion. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00869453.
Dietary fat and carbohydrate quality have independent effects on postprandial glucose and lipid responses$$$ PURPOSE: The magnitude of postprandial lipemia is influenced not only by the amount but also the type of fat and carbohydrate consumed. The aim of this study was to evaluate differences in postprandial glucose and lipid responses after a mixed meal containing low‐ or high‐glycemic‐index (GI) carbohydrate and three different types of fat varying in the degree of saturation in healthy subjects. METHODS: A randomized, controlled, single‐blinded crossover study was conducted in 20 healthy Chinese men. Subjects consumed in random order six experimental isocaloric meals that differed in carbohydrate and fat quality, and contained 40 g of either saturated fat (SFA, butter), monounsaturated fat (MUFA, olive oil) or polyunsaturated fat (PUFA, grapeseed oil), and 50 g of either low‐GI (basmati rice) or high‐GI (jasmine rice) carbohydrate. Glucose, insulin, c‐peptide, triglycerides (TG) and non‐esterified fatty acids (NEFA) were measured over 4 h. RESULTS: For all substrates evaluated, there were no significant interactions between fat and carbohydrate. The incremental area under the curve (iAUC) for TG was significantly lower after the SFA and PUFA meals compared with the MUFA meal, irrespective of GI. No significant difference was found for NEFA iAUC in all treatments. Glucose, insulin and c‐peptide iAUCs were significantly lower after ingestion of low‐GI than high‐GI meals, independent of the type of fat. CONCLUSIONS: A carbohydrate‐rich meal (of either low or high GI) that contains butter or grapeseed oil results in lower postprandial TG concentrations relative to olive oil in healthy Chinese males. Glucose, insulin and c‐peptide responses, however, are directly dependent on the GI of the meal and not on the degree of saturation of dietary fat. The trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02585427.
The solid fat content of stearic acid-rich fats determines their postprandial effects$$$ BACKGROUND: The process of randomization is used commercially to harden fats as an alternative to partial hydrogenation, but its effects on cardiovascular disease risk factors are uncertain. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to compare the chronic and acute effects of randomization of a fat rich in 1,3‐distearyl, 2‐oleyl glycerol on fasting and postprandial lipids, glucose, insulin, and activated clotting factor VII (FVIIa) concentrations. DESIGN: A crossover design study in 16 men compared fasting and postprandial lipid, glucose, insulin, and FVIIa concentrations at baseline and after a 3‐wk diet providing 30 g unrandomized or randomized shea butter and sunflower oil blends (SSOBs), both of which contained approximately 50% stearic acid. Fecal fat excretion was measured during each dietary period. Postprandial changes were assessed after the consumption of meals providing 50 g test fat. A subsequent study compared postprandial changes after the consumption of an oleic acid‐rich sunflower oil meal and an unrandomized SSOB meal. RESULTS: Both SSOBs were well digested and absorbed. Randomization did not affect fasting or postprandial lipid, glucose, insulin, or FVIIa concentrations. Compared with the oleic acid‐rich meal, the unrandomized SSOB resulted in 53% lower postprandial lipemia, 23% higher hepatic lipase activity, and a 25% lower postprandial increase in FVIIa concentration. The solid fat contents at 37 degrees C were 22%, 41%, and 0% with the unrandomized SSOB, randomized SSOB, and oleic acid‐rich meals, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Stearic acid‐rich triacylglycerol in both unrandomized and randomized forms does not adversely affect lipid risk factors for cardiovascular disease. The high proportion of solid fat at 37 degrees C may explain the decreased postprandial lipemic response.
Daily egg consumption in hyperlipidemic adults--effects on endothelial function and cardiovascular risk$$$ BACKGROUND: Limiting consumption of eggs, which are high in cholesterol, is generally recommended to reduce risk of cardiovascular disease. However, recent evidence suggests that dietary cholesterol has limited influence on serum cholesterol or cardiac risk. OBJECTIVE: To assess the effects of egg consumption on endothelial function and serum lipids in hyperlipidemic adults. METHODS: Randomized, placebo‐controlled crossover trial of 40 hyperlipidemic adults (24 women, 16 men$$$ average age = 59.9 +/‐ 9.6 years$$$ weight = 76.3 +/‐ 21.8 kilograms$$$ total cholesterol = 244 +/‐ 24 mg/dL). In the acute phase, participants were randomly assigned to one of the two sequences of a single dose of three medium hardboiled eggs and a sausage/cheese breakfast sandwich. In the sustained phase, participants were then randomly assigned to one of the two sequences of two medium hardboiled eggs and 1/2 cup of egg substitute daily for six weeks. Each treatment assignment was separated by a four‐week washout period. Outcome measures of interest were endothelial function measured as flow mediated dilatation (FMD) and lipid panel. RESULTS: Single dose egg consumption had no effects on endothelial function as compared to sausage/cheese (0.4 +/‐ 1.9 vs. 0.4 +/‐ 2.4%$$$ p = 0.99). Daily consumption of egg substitute for 6 weeks significantly improved endothelial function as compared to egg (1.0 +/‐ 1.2% vs. ‐0.1 +/‐ 1.5%$$$ p < 0.01) and lowered serum total cholesterol (‐18 +/‐ 18 vs. ‐5 +/‐ 21 mg/dL$$$ p < 0.01) and LDL (‐14 +/‐ 20 vs. ‐2 +/‐ 19 mg/dL$$$ p = 0.01). Study results (positive or negative) are expressed in terms of change relative to baseline. CONCLUSIONS: Egg consumption was found to be non‐detrimental to endothelial function and serum lipids in hyperlipidemic adults, while egg substitute consumption was beneficial.
Influence of stearic acid on hemostatic risk factors in humans$$$ Stearic acid has been claimed to be prothrombotic. Elevated plasma factor VII coagulant activity (FVIIc) may raise the risk of coronary thrombosis in the event of plaque rupture. Fibrinogen, an acute‐phase protein, is necessary for normal blood clotting$$$ however, elevated levels of fibrinogen increase the risk of coronary heart disease (CHD). Here I report the results of three controlled, human dietary intervention studies, which used a randomized crossover design to investigate the hemostatic effects of stearic acid‐rich test diets in healthy young men. A diet high in stearic acid (shea butter) resulted in a 13% lower fasting plasma FVIIc than a high palmitic acid diet, and was 18% lower than a diet high in myristic and lauric acids (P = 0.001) after 3 wk of intervention. The stearic acid‐rich test fat increased plasma fibrinogen concentrations slightly compared with the myristic‐lauric acid diet (P < 0.01). When investigating the acute effects of fatty meals, those high in stearic acid (synthesized test fat) resulted in a smaller postprandial increase in FVII than those high in trans and oleic FA, indicating a smaller increase in activated FVII after ingesting stearic acid compared with fats high in monounsaturated FA, probably caused by lower postprandial lipemia. Thus, the present investigations did not find dietary stearic acid to be more thrombogenic, in either fasting effects compared with other long‐chain FA, or in acute effects compared with dietary unsaturated FA, including trans monounsaturated FA. The slightly increased effect on fasting plasma fibrinogen may be biologically insignificant, but it should be investigated further.
Influence of triacylglycerol structure on the postprandial response of factor VII to stearic acid-rich fats$$$ BACKGROUND: The consumption of a synthetic, randomized, stearic acid‐rich triacylglycerol results in decreased postprandial lipemia and activated factor VII (FVII:a) compared with cocoa butter (a nonrandomized, symmetrical, stearic acid‐rich triacylglycerol). It was hypothesized that this difference is a consequence of the differences in structure between the 2 triacylglycerols. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to test whether the consumption of randomized cocoa butter decreases postprandial lipemia and FVII:a. DESIGN: A randomized crossover trial with 17 male subjects compared the effects of meals containing 50 g fat provided as a symmetrical (cocoa butter) or an asymmetrical (randomized cocoa butter) triacylglycerol on postprandial changes in lipids, chylomicron composition, and FVII:a. RESULTS: After randomization, the postprandial area under the curve for plasma triacylglycerol decreased by 41% (P < 0.01). At 3 h the plasma concentrations of triacylglycerol, palmitic acid, stearic acid, and oleic acid were 26%, 18%, 34%, and 19% lower, respectively. The proportion of oleic acid in the sn‐2 position of the chylomicron triacylglycerol was reduced from 67.4 mol% to 35.9 mol% and resulted in an increase in the proportion of stearic acid in the sn‐2 position from 9.2 mol% to 25.4 mol%. FVII:a did not increase 6 h after consumption of the randomized cocoa butter (: 1.2$$$ 95% CI: ‐2.7, 4.6 U/L) but increased significantly (: 7.7$$$ 95% CI: 2.5,12.9 U/L) 6 h after consumption of the unrandomized cocoa butter. CONCLUSIONS: Symmetrical stearic acid‐rich triacylglycerol with oleic acid in the sn‐2 position appears to be absorbed more rapidly than is asymmetrical triacylglycerols with long‐chain saturated fatty acids in the sn‐2 position, which leads to activation of FVII.
Dietary fat and carbohydrate quality have independent effects on postprandial glucose and lipid responses$$$ Purpose: The magnitude of postprandial lipemia is influenced not only by the amount but also the type of fat and carbohydrate consumed. The aim of this study was to evaluate differences in postprandial glucose and lipid responses after a mixed meal containing low‐ or high‐glycemic‐index (GI) carbohydrate and three different types of fat varying in the degree of saturation in healthy subjects. Methods: A randomized, controlled, single‐blinded crossover study was conducted in 20 healthy Chinese men. Subjects consumed in random order six experimental isocaloric meals that differed in carbohydrate and fat quality, and contained 40 g of either saturated fat (SFA, butter), monounsaturated fat (MUFA, olive oil) or polyunsaturated fat (PUFA, grapeseed oil), and 50 g of either low‐GI (basmati rice) or high‐GI (jasmine rice) carbohydrate. Glucose, insulin, c‐peptide, triglycerides (TG) and non‐esterified fatty acids (NEFA) were measured over 4 h. Results: For all substrates evaluated, there were no significant interactions between fat and carbohydrate. The incremental area under the curve (iAUC) for TG was significantly lower after the SFA and PUFA meals compared with the MUFA meal, irrespective of GI. No significant difference was found for NEFA iAUC in all treatments. Glucose, insulin and c‐peptide iAUCs were significantly lower after ingestion of low‐GI than high‐GI meals, independent of the type of fat. Conclusions: A carbohydrate‐rich meal (of either low or high GI) that contains butter or grapeseed oil results in lower postprandial TG concentrations relative to olive oil in healthy Chinese males. Glucose, insulin and c‐peptide responses, however, are directly dependent on the GI of the meal and not on the degree of saturation of dietary fat. The trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02585427.
Effects of exercise and dietary polyunsaturated fatty acid intervention in alleviating the detrimental effects of streptozotocininduced diabetes in rats$$$ Diabetes mellitus is now becoming a major health problem with an increasing prevalence rate. The risk for diabetes mellitus results from lifestyle changes which is related to diet and physical activities. Diabetic patients would have the clinical characteristics of diabetes mellitus such as hyperglycaemia and lipid abnormalities which significantly contribute to produce complications of diabetes mellitus. Attention to diet and weight management, combine with exercise may help to improve the glycaemic control and lipid profiles. A prompt and adequate treatment to prevent or delay the complications of diabetes mellitus by alleviating these deleterious characteristics of diabetes mellitus is needed. Thus, the present study was undertaken to assess the potential of exercise and dietary polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) intervention in alleviating the detrimental effects of diabetes mellitus, particularly on the blood glucose level and blood lipid profiles. The efficacy of exercise and dietary PUFA intervention in streptozotocin (STZ)‐induced diabetic rats was investigated on the basis of body weight, blood glucose levels and blood lipid profiles. A total of 32 Sprague‐Dawley male rats weighing between 250‐300 grams were divided equally into eight groups. Diabetes mellitus was induced by giving a single intraperitoneal injection of STZ at the dosage of 40 mg/kg. Four groups were exercised daily by swimming for 8 weeks while the other four groups were not subjected to any exercise. Menhaden oil, soybean oil and butter were incorporated into the treatment diets for both exercise and non‐exercise groups. The treatment diets were defined as follows: rat chow diet only (Control diet), rat chow added with 6.66% (w/w) menhaden oil and 3.34% (w/w) soybean oil (Diet 1), rat chow added with 3.34% (w/w) menhaden oil and 6.66% (w/w) soybean oil (Diet 2) and rat chow containing 10% (w/w) butter (Diet 3). Experiment I was conducted to determine the body weight and blood glucose levels of rats at week 0, 2, 4, 6 and 8. In Experiment II, blood was collected at the end of 8 weeks for the determination of blood lipid profiles that encompassed: Triglycerides, Total cholesterol, High‐density lipoprotein (HDL)‐cholesterol and Low‐density lipoprotein (LDL)‐cholesterol. The results obtained from this study showed that exercise and dietary PUFA intervention can be considered as the integral components of treatment and prevention strategy in diabetes mellitus by improving the body weight control and blood glucose levels. The exercise and dietary PUFA intervention groups (2 groups, Diet 1 and 2) significantly reduced the body weight gain and blood glucose level compared to the non‐exercise groups (2 groups) (average from 2 groups$$$ body weight gain: 237 vs 289 g$$$ blood glucose level: 8.99 vs 16.43 mmol/L) over a period of eight weeks in STZ‐induced diabetic rats. This study also has documented a significance of exercise and dietary PUFA intervention to improve the lipid profiles by lowering the triglycerides, total cholesterol and LDL‐cholesterol levels as compared to the nonexercise groups. (average from 2 groups$$$ 0.43 vs 1.34, 1.04 vs 1.39 and 0.38 vs 0.47 mmol/L, respectively). Thus, results obtained in the present study suggested that exercise and dietary PUFA intervention may have an impact on alleviating the detrimental effects of diabetes mellitus by improving the body weight gain, blood glucose levels, and blood lipid profiles.
Effect of broccoli seedlings on postprandial inflammation and insulin sensitivity$$$ INTERVENTION: Part A$$$ 12 volunteers will participate in the study$$$ each person will be studied on two different occasions at least one week apart, consuming 8 gram butter lettuce (Lactuca sativa var. Capitataor) or 8 gram BroccoCress. 45 minutes after either lettuce or BroccoCress a first glucose load (75 gram glucose) will be ingested, followed by a second load of 75 gram naturally 13C enriched glucose, 4 hours after the first glucose load. Part B$$$ 4 volunteers will participate in the study$$$ each person will be studied on one occasion, consuming 8 gram BroccoCress (of which 4 gram will be labelled with 13C). 45 minutes after BroccoCress a first glucose load (75 gram glucose) will be ingested, followed by a second load of 75 gram glucose, 4 hours after the first glucose load CONDITION: $$$ carbohydrates hyperglycemia 10018424 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Postprandial inflammation will be tested by measuring nuclear NF‐*B abundance $$$ in peripheral blood mononuclear cells and by measuring plasma cytokine $$$ concentrations. In addition, postprandial insulin sensitivity will be $$$ determined by measuring plasma concentrations of glucose and insulin as well as $$$ glucose uptake in peripheral tissues using dual isotope labelling. $$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: Evaluate the effect of BroccoCress on insulin sensitivity after a 2nd glucose $$$ load $$$ Monitor the bioavailability and kinetics of SFN and related metabolites in $$$ blood and urine $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: healthy men
A short-term pilot study investigating the efficacy of DASH diet in reducing systolic and/or diastolic blood pressure in patients with essential hypertension$$$ Background: Hypertension, being the commonest cardiovascular disorder, poses major health challenge to the population by causing coronary artery disease, stroke, left ventricular failure etc. Despite development of several therapeutic strategies, it results in millions of death every year. The aim of this study is to investigate the role of dietary intervention in treatment of essential hypertension. Objective: To assess the role of DASH (Dietary Approach to Stop Hypertension) diet on elevated blood pressure in patients with essential hypertension. Methods: A short‐term, single arm, open‐label, experimental, prospective, interventional, non‐randomized, non‐controlled, before and after comparison pilot study was conducted over 30 participants. Out of 64 hypertensive patients assessed, 19 were excluded and 43 eligible patients were allocated to DASH diet that included restriction of sodium and fat intake, consumption of vegetables and fruits in increased amount, inclusion of fish and low fat milk in the diet. Among 43, a total of 13 were dropouts. After dietary intervention of 2 months, all the data was collected on pre‐specified outcome parameters. Results: Analysis of data after 2 months shows statistically significant fall in systolic blood pressure (151.9±12.3 vs. 147.8±14.3$$$ P=0.0000), pulse pressure (58.3±7.5 vs. 55.1±9.3$$$ P=0.0004), and mean pressure (113.0±8.1 vs. 111.0±9.2$$$ P=0.0002). However, no significant change was detected in diastolic blood pressure (i.e. 93.6±6.3 vs. 92.6±7.3$$$ P=0.1204). Conclusion: DASH diet may have beneficial effects in patients of essential hypertension. But it should be confirmed only after a multi‐centric randomized controlled trial involving large sample size.
Associations among endocrine, inflammatory, and bone markers, body composition and weight loss induced bone loss$$$ Introduction: Weight loss reduces co‐morbidities of obesity, but decreases bone mass. Purpose: Our aims were to 1) determine if adequate dairy intake attenuates weight loss‐induced bone loss$$$ 2) evaluate the associations of endocrine, inflammatory and bone markers, anthropometric and other parameters to bone mineral density and content (BMD, BMC) pre‐ and post‐weight loss$$$ and 3) model the contribution of these variables to post weight‐loss BMD and BMC. Methods: Overweight/obese women (BMI: 28‐37kg/m2) were enrolled in an energy reduced (‐500kcal/d$$$ ‐2092kJ/d) diet with adequate dairy (AD: 3‐4servings/d$$$ n=25, 32.2±8.8years) or low dairy (LD: ≤1serving/d$$$ n=26, 31.7±8.4years). BMD, BMC and body composition were measured by DXA. Bone markers (CTX, PYD, BAP, OC), endocrine (PTH, vitamin D, leptin, adiponectin, ghrelin, amylin, insulin, GLP‐1, PAI‐1, HOMA) and inflammatory markers (CRP, IL1‐β, IL‐6, IL‐8, TNF‐α, cortisol) were measured in serum or plasma. PA was assessed by accelerometry. Results: Following weight loss, AD intake resulted in significantly greater (p. = 0.004) lumbar spine BMD and serum osteocalcin (p. = 0.004) concentration compared to LD. Pre‐ and post‐body fat was negatively associated with hip and lumbar spine BMC (r. = ‐. 0.28, p. = 0.04 to ‐. 0.45, p. = 0.001). Of note were the significant negative associations among bone markers and IL‐1β, TNFα and CRP ranging from r. = ‐. 0.29 (p. = 0.04) to r. = ‐. 0.34 (p. = 0.01)$$$ magnitude of associations did not change with weight loss. Adiponectin was negatively related to change in osteocalcin. Factor analysis resulted in 8 pre‐ and post‐weight loss factors. Pre‐weight loss factors accounted for 13.7% of the total variance in pre‐weight loss hip BMD$$$ post‐weight loss factors explained 19.6% of the total variance in post‐weight loss hip BMD. None of the factors contributed to the variance in lumbar spine BMD. Conclusion: AD during weight loss resulted in higher lumbar spine BMD and osteocalcin compared to LD. Significant negative associations were observed between bone and inflammatory markers suggesting that inflammation suppresses bone metabolism. Using factor analysis, 19.6% of total variance in post‐weight loss hip BMD could be explained by endocrine, immune, and anthropometric variables, but not lumbar spine BMD. © 2014.
Randomized trial to assess the impact of venlafaxine and soy protein on hot flashes and quality of life in men with prostate cancer$$$ PURPOSE: Hot flashes occur in approximately 80% of androgen‐deprived men. Few intervention studies have been conducted to relieve hot flashes in men. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Eligible androgen‐deprived men were randomly assigned to one of four daily regimens (2 × 2 factorial design) for 12 weeks: milk protein powder and placebo pill, venlafaxine and milk protein powder, soy protein powder and placebo pill, or venlafaxine and soy protein powder. The primary end point was hot flash symptom severity score (HFSSS), defined as number of hot flashes times severity. The secondary end point was quality of life (QoL), assessed by using the Functional Assessment of Cancer Therapy‐Prostate. RESULTS: In all, 120 men age 46 to 91 years participated. Most were white (78%) and overweight or obese (83%). Toxicity was minimal. Neither venlafaxine nor soy protein alone or in combination had a significant effect on HFSSS. Soy protein, but not venlafaxine, improved measures of QoL. CONCLUSION: In androgen‐deprived men, neither venlafaxine nor soy proved effective in reducing hot flashes. Interventions that appear effective for decreasing hot flashes in women may not always turn out to be effective in men.
Testing the intensity of multiple, complex interventions for life-style modification in randomized stroke trials$$$ Introduction: Multiple, complex interventions are increasingly tested in randomized, clinical trials without enabling a clear view of the strength of the intervention, especially its probability to influence outcome. Such interventions have to be strong enough to create group differences, be acceptable by patients, be realistically designed and deliverable within the health system, and ethical. If found to have a positive effect, it should have a sustainable effect after the trial is drawn to a close. It is necessary to adapt the intensity of the intervention to contrast with guideline‐based treated controls and to ensure sufficient means to carry through to the end of the trial. Method: Using a multiple domain life‐style based intervention in a randomized trial to prevent cognitive decline following stroke (ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT01109836), our focus was on nutrition and physical exercise in addition to risk factor management. We performed single component analysis as well as the use of a life‐style summary score and a laboratory supported life‐style summary score. Results: 80 participants in the intervention group and 87 in the control group completed the 12 months visit. We found a significant improvement in adherence to healthy lifestyle factors and adequately controlled physiological parameters as well as significant differences for both summary scores, all p <0.001. The summary scores includes the use of reduced milk and fat spreads, consuming fish ≥1/week, drinking alcohol 1‐6 times/week, physical activity ≥90 minutes/week, body mass index <30 kg/m2 and currently non‐smoking. Laboratory values included blood pressure <140/<90 mmHg, non‐HDL‐cholesterol ≥2.6 mmol/L and fasting blood glucose <7.0. mmol/L Conclusion: Complex interventions used for secondary prevention stroke trials have to be intense enough to become effective when comparing to treatment according to current guidelines.
Short- and long-term eating habit modification predicts weight change in overweight, postmenopausal women: results from the WOMAN study$$$ BACKGROUND: Standard behavioral obesity treatment produces poor long‐term results. Focusing on healthy eating behaviors rather than energy intake may be an alternative strategy. In addition, important behaviors might differ for short‐ vs long‐term weight control. OBJECTIVE: Our aim was to describe and compare associations between changes in eating behaviors and weight after 6 and 48 months. DESIGN: We performed secondary analysis of data collected during a randomized weight‐loss intervention trial with 48‐month follow‐up. PARTICIPANTS: We studied 481 overweight and obese postmenopausal women enrolled in the Women on the Move through Activity and Nutrition (WOMAN) Study. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: We measured changes in weight from baseline to 6 and 48 months. STATISTICAL ANALYSES PERFORMED: Linear regression models were used to examine the associations between 6‐ and 48‐month changes in eating habits assessed by the Conner Diet Habit Survey and changes in weight. Analyses were conducted in the combined study population and stratified by randomization group. RESULTS: At 6 months in the combined population, weight loss was independently associated with decreased desserts (P<0.001), restaurant eating (P=0.042), sugar‐sweetened beverages (P=0.009), and fried foods (P<0.001), and increased fish consumption (P=0.003). Results were similar in intervention participants$$$ only reduced desserts and fried foods associated with weight loss in controls. At 48 months in the combined population, weight loss was again associated with decreased desserts (P=0.003) and sugar‐sweetened beverages (P=0.011), but also decreased meats/cheeses (P=0.024) and increased fruits/vegetables (P<0.001). Decreased meats/cheeses predicted weight loss in intervention participants$$$ desserts, sugar‐sweetened beverages, and fruits/vegetables were independently associated in controls. CONCLUSIONS: Changes in eating behaviors were associated with weight change, although important behaviors differed for short‐ and long‐term weight change and by randomization group. Future studies should determine whether interventions targeting these behaviors could improve long‐term obesity treatment outcomes.
The Effects of Fermented Rice Drink With Lactiplantibacillus plantarum JSA22 in Overweight Irritable Bowel Syndrome Patients: a Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Study$$$ Background/Aims This study aims to investigate the effect of a fermented rice drink with Lactiplantibacillus plantarum JSA22 on symptoms, blood tests, microbiomes, and fecal metabolites in patients with irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) who were overweight. Methods Sixty overweight (body mass index ≥ 23 kg/m2) patients aged between 20 and 65 with IBS were enrolled. Patients were divided into 2 groups and administered either a fermented rice drink or an nonfermented rice drink for a month. The symptom questionnaire, blood samples, and stool samples for microbiome and metabolite were collected before and after the month of rice drink administration. The primary efficacy variable was the subject’s global assessment of IBS symptoms. Results In both groups, global IBS symptoms, including abdominal pain, bowel habit, urgency, and abdominal distension, improved significantly (P < 0.01). The abdominal bloating was more significantly improved in the fermented rice drink group than in the nonfermented rice drink group (P < 0.05). Significant changes were not observed in metabolic syndrome‐related blood tests or fecal metabolites in either group. However, microbiome analysis showed significant differences in genus levels before and after consuming fermented rice drink, such as in Blautia in stool (P = 0.020) and Prevotella (P = 0.017) and Oribacterium (P = 0.018) in saliva. Conclusions The fermented rice drink with L. plantarum JSA22 showed a beneficial effect in reducing abdominal distension in IBS patients. Bacteria that reduce visceral fat accumulation increased in the stool and saliva of patients who consumed fermented rice drinks.
The effect of preoperative oral carbohydrate containing fluid on gastric volume in diabetes patients: randomized controlled trial$$$ INTERVENTION: Procedure/Surgery : ? All subjects with diabetes are randomly assigned to either the intervention group or the control group after receiving an explanation of the study and signing the consent form the day before the surgery. ? Both groups attach the FreeStyle Libre on the back of one upper arm to measure continuous real‐time glucose levels. Patients who are already using the FreeStyle Libre will receive glucose information through the app they are using. ? The control group fasts from full meal for 8 hours, light meal or nonhuman milk for 6 hours, and clear fluid for 2 hours before the surgery. ? The intervention group observes the same pre‐surgery fasting protocol as the control group but consumes two cans of "no‐NPO"(200ml, 12.8% carbohydrates, 50 kcal·100 ml$$$ Nucare NoNPO®$$$ Daesang Wellife, Seoul, Korea) three hours before the surgery starts. ? Both groups manage their blood glucose levels using the modified Albert protocol during the fasting periods before and after the surgery. CONDITION: Endocrine, nutritional and metabolic diseases PRIMARY OUTCOME: Gastric fluid acidity Gastric fluid volume SECONDARY OUTCOME: Cortisol level CRP level Degree of recovery Insulin resistance Patient's hunger, thirst, and anxiety levels Postoperative complication Postoperative recovery satisfaction Pre‐, Peri‐, Post‐operative glucose level Recovery of bowel function (time to first flatus) INCLUSION CRITERIA: ASA class II‐III adult patients (ages 19 ‐ 69) Patients undergoing gynecological surgery via laparoscopy Patients diagnosed with diabetes mellitus before surgery
Appetite regulatory hormone responses to various dietary proteins differ by body mass index status despite similar reductions in ad libitum energy intake$$$ CONTEXT: Although dietary protein produces higher acute satiety relative to carbohydrate, the influence of protein source and body mass index (BMI) has not been clearly described. OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to assess postprandial responses to different protein sources, compared with glucose, in males with normal and high BMI. DESIGN: This was a randomized, crossover study of four preloads followed by blood sampling (+15, 30, 45, 60, 90, 120, 180 min) and buffet meal. SETTING: The study was conducted at an outpatient clinic. PARTICIPANTS: The study population included 72 men, with a BMI range 20.6‐39.9 kg/m(2). INTERVENTIONS: Interventions consisted of liquid preloads (1.1 MJ, 450 ml) containing 50 g whey, soy, gluten, or glucose. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Fasting and postprandial plasma glucose, insulin, ghrelin, glucagon‐like peptide‐1 (GLP‐1) and cholecystokinin (n = 38), ad libitum energy intake, and appetite ratings were measured. RESULTS: Energy intake was 10% lower after all protein preloads, compared with the glucose treatment (P < 0.05), independent of BMI status and protein type. All protein loads prolonged the postprandial suppression of ghrelin (P < 0.01) and elevation of GLP‐1 (P < 0.01) and cholecystokinin (P < 0.05). Fasting GLP‐1 concentrations [overweight, 17.5 +/‐ 1.3$$$ lean, 14.7 +/‐ 0.1 pg/ml (5.2 +/‐ 0.4 and 4.4 +/‐ 0.1 pmol/liter, respectively)$$$ P < 0.001] and postprandial responses (P = 0.038) were higher in overweight subjects. CONCLUSIONS: Whey, soy, and gluten similarly tend to reduce ad libitum food intake 3 h later in lean and overweight males relative to glucose. Postprandial ghrelin, GLP‐1, insulin, and cholecystokinin may contribute to this higher satiety after protein consumption. GLP‐1 concentrations are increased in overweight subjects, which may affect satiety responses in this group.
Clusters of IgE levels to common food allergens in adults with asthma or rhinitis$$$ Background : To our knowledge, the profiles and clusters of levels of IgE of common food allergens in adults have not been previously characterized. Using an unsupervised machine learning approach (deep embedded clustering), we characterised the clusters of IgE levels to nine common food allergens in adults with asthma or rhinitis. Method : The West Sweden Asthma Study is an ongoing longitudinal cohort of adults (16‐75 years) randomly recruited from the general population. Of 2006 participants who underwent detailed clinical examinations, 1078 had current asthma or rhinitis and underwent Phadiatop test and their IgE to common food allergens (milk, egg white, fish, wheat, peanut, soybean, hazelnut, brazil nut, almond, and coconut) was measured. Using deep learning, part of the family of machine learning approaches, we computationally derived clusters of IgE levels that included the aforementioned food allergens, as well as gender, age, body mass index (BMI), being raised on a farm, and family history of asthma or allergy. Results : We derived four distinct clusters, namely: 'Very low IgE levels' (cluster 1, n = 708, [66%])$$$ 'High milk, peanut, and fish IgE levels' (cluster 2, n = 31, [3%])$$$ 'Mild IgE levels' (cluster 3, n = 269, [25%])$$$ and 'High IgE levels' (cluster 4, n = 70, [6%]). Cluster 1 had individuals with very low IgE levels to all foods, had normal weight, 10% grew on a farm, 51% had family history of asthma or allergy, were generally old, and more of them were females than males. Cluster 2 had individuals with moderate IgE levels to all foods, except for high IgE levels to milk, peanut, and fish$$$ were overweight$$$ 6% grew on a farm$$$ 74% had family history of asthma/allergy$$$ and had equal proportions of females and males. Cluster 3 had individuals with mild to moderate IgE levels to all foods, were overweight, 11% grew on a farm, 64% had family history of asthma/allergy, were middle age, and more of them were females than males. Cluster 4 had individuals with very high IgE levels to all foods, were obese, 9% grew on a farm, 55% had family history of asthma/allergy, were generally young, and more were males than females. Conclusion : For the first time, our study demonstrates that in a general population of adults with asthma or rhinitis, there are distinct clusters of IgE levels to common food allergens. The impact of these clusters on asthma and its clinical outcomes need to be further investigated.
Acute effects of ingestion of a novel whey-derived extract on vascular endothelial function in overweight, middle-aged men and women$$$ Whey protein intake reduces CVD risk, but little is known whether whey‐derived bioactive peptides regulate vascular endothelial function (VEF). We determined the impact of a whey‐derived extract (NOP‐47) on VEF in individuals with an increased cardiovascular risk profile. Men and women with impaired brachial artery flow‐mediated dilation (FMD) (n 21, age 55 (sem 1·3) years, BMI 27·8 (sem 0·6) kg/m2, FMD 3·7 (sem 0·4) %) completed a randomised, cross‐over study to examine whether ingestion of NOP‐47 (5 g) improves postprandial VEF. Brachial artery FMD, plasma amino acids, insulin, and endothelium‐derived vasodilators and vasoconstrictors were measured for 2 h after ingestion of NOP‐47 or placebo. Acute NOP‐47 ingestion increased FMD at 30 min (4·6 (sem 0·5) %) and 120 min (5·1 (sem 0·5) %) post‐ingestion (P< 0·05, time × trial interaction), and FMD responses at 120 min were significantly greater in the NOP‐47 trial compared with placebo (4·3 (sem 0·5) %). Plasma amino acids increased at 30 min following NOP‐47 ingestion (P< 0·05). Serum insulin increased at 15, 30 and 60 min (P< 0·001) following NOP‐47 ingestion. No changes were observed between the trials for plasma NO∙ and prostacyclin metabolites or endothelin‐1. Ingestion of a rapidly absorbed extract derived from whey protein improved endothelium‐dependent dilation in older adults by a mechanism independent of changes in circulating vasoactive compounds. Future investigation is warranted in individuals at an increased CVD risk to further elucidate potential health benefits and the underlying mechanisms of extracts derived from whey.
Changes in antioxidant status and cardiovascular risk factors of overweight young men after six weeks supplementation of whey protein isolate and resistance training$$$ The study's purpose was to examine the effects of whey protein supplementation and resistance training on antioxidant status and cardiovascular risk factors in overweight young men. Thirty healthy male subjects (age, 23.4±3.6years$$$ body mass index, 25‐30kg/m(2)) were randomly divided into three groups of 10 persons including$$$ Experimental group 1: resistance training+whey supplement (RW)$$$ Experimental group 2: resistance training+placebo (RP), and Control group (C). Subjects in intervention groups underwent 3 resistance training sessions per week, each session with 60‐70% 1RM, for 6weeks. No significant changes in fibrinogen level, fasting blood glucose, resting systolic and diastolic blood pressures, waist to hip ratio (WHR), and body mass index were observed in any of the groups. Total antioxidant capacity (TAC), cholesterol and HDL varied significantly in the RW group compared with the pre‐test. We found significant changes in both RW and RP groups for glutathione, vitamin C, LDL, and triglyceride levels. In addition, in the post‐test, TAC, glutathione, and HDL levels were higher in the RW in comparison to C group. Research findings showed that although exercise can lead to antioxidant system improvement and reduce some cardiovascular risk factors among overweight subjects, the combination of resistance training and whey consumption is more effective.
Effect of glycomacropeptide fractions on cholecystokinin and food intake$$$ Glycomacropeptide (GMP) is the hydrophilic 64‐amino acid C‐terminal glycopeptide released into cheese whey when kappa‐casein is cleaved by chymosin. GMP exists as a mixture of different glycoforms due to the carbohydrates sialic acid (N‐acetylneuraminic acid, NeuNAc), galactose (Gal), galactosamine and glucosamine attached by O‐glycosidic linkages. GMP reportedly stimulates the release of cholecystokinin (CCK), which may promote satiety. The objectives of the present study were to manufacture three glycoforms of GMP, minimally glycosylated GMP (3.5 (sd 0.1) % NeuNAc and 1.5 (sd 0.1) % Gal), glycosylated GMP (12.0 (sd 0.3) % NeuNAc and 4.2 (sd 0.2) % Gal) and a GMP‐depleted whey protein concentrate, and to assess the effects of these fractions relative to glucose on CCK, subjective measures of satiety and food intake. In a randomised double‐blind acute study, twenty overweight/obese males (56.9 (sd 7.2) years, 97.4 (sd 8.1) kg, 31.5 (sd 3.0) kg/m2) were recruited to consume four 50 g preloads (two GMP preparations, GMP‐depleted whey and glucose) containing 895 kJ. Blood samples and subjective measures of satiety were collected before and at 15, 30, 60, 90, 120 and 180 min after the consumption of preload, and CCK levels were measured. A lunchtime meal of hot food was provided from which subjects ate ad libitum until satisfied. Energy and nutrient intakes from the food consumed were calculated. There was no significant difference in CCK levels, subjective measures of satiety or food intake between treatments at the given preload level. These results suggest that the protein fractions at the dose employed do not influence satiety, CCK levels or energy intake at a subsequent meal.
Short-term effects of sugar-free apricot jam, cocoa powder and dried cranberry cereal bar on glycaemic responses in healthy adults: a randomised clinical trial$$$ High sugar intake has been associated with adverse effects on health, with some types of breakfast being highly linked to overweight and obesity. The aim was to compare the effects of four sugar‐free breakfast items, apricot jam with white bread (JWB), white bread (WB), cocoa with fat‐free milk (CM), and dried cranberry cereal bar (CB), compared to d‐glucose on the glycaemic responses. Using a cross‐over design, twelve healthy individuals (25 ± 4 years$$$ BMI 22 ± 2 kg/m2) received isoglucidic test meals (25 g of available carbohydrate) and 25 g glucose reference, in random order. Glycaemic index/load (GI/GL) were calculated, and capillary blood glucose samples were collected at 0‐120 min after meal consumption. Subjective appetite was assessed with visual analogue scales. Sugar‐free apricot jam and cocoa powder contained traces of available carbohydrates and were consumed along with bread and fat‐free milk, respectively. JWB and WB were classified as medium GI, low‐to‐medium GL$$$ CM as medium GI, low GL$$$ and CB as high GI, low‐to‐medium GL. Subjective hunger was lower after JWB, fullness was higher after CM and pleasure was higher after CB (P for all < 0·05). In conclusion, sugar‐free apricot jam with and without WB and cocoa powder with fat‐free milk are suitable healthy breakfast options leading to improved glycaemic and subjective appetite responses.
Whey protein delays gastric emptying and suppresses plasma fatty acids and their metabolites compared to casein, gluten, and fish protein$$$ Whey protein has been demonstrated to improve fasting lipid and insulin response in overweight and obese individuals. To establish new hypotheses for this effect and to investigate the impact of stomach emptying, we compared plasma profiles after intake of whey isolate (WI), casein, gluten (GLU), and cod (COD). Obese, nondiabetic subjects were included in the randomized, blinded, crossover meal study. Subjects ingested a high fat meal containing one of the four protein sources. Plasma samples were collected at five time points and metabolites analyzed using LC‐Q‐TOF‐MS. In contrast to previous studies, the WI meal caused a decreased rate of gastric emptying compared to the other test meals. The WI meal also caused elevated levels of a number of amino acids, possibly stimulating insulin release leading to reduced plasma glucose. The WI meal also caused decreased levels of a number of fatty acids, while the GLU meal caused elevated levels of a number of unidentified hydroxy fatty acids and dicarboxylic fatty acids. Also reported are a number of markers of fish intake unique to the COD meal.
A randomized controlled study for evaluation of psyllium effects on kinetics of carbohydrate absorption$$$ Background: This study was performed to evaluate the effects of psyllium on kinetics of alimentary carbohydrate absorption in diet‐treated type 2 diabetic patients. Methods: This was a double blind, prospective, controlled clinical trial. Twelve patients (6 in each group) participated in the present study. After an overnight fast, a standard 435 kcal breakfast was given to participants. Fasting, 1‐ and 2‐ hour postprandial plasma glucose was measured in the case and control groups. Cow's milk containing 5 grams of psyllium granules for the case and without psyllium for the control groups was also delivered. Results: Plasma glucose changes in the first hour were significantly different between control and case groups (53.8 versus 17.8 respectively, P = 0.037). Also, mean 2‐hour postprandial plasma glucose was 167.67 and 117.67 mg/dl for control and case groups, respectively (P = 0.05). Conclusions: This pilot study revealed that psyllium may effectively reduce postprandial plasma glucose possibly by retarding GI carbohydrate absorption. Larger studies are needed to confirm the results of this study and define its role compared to acarbose or meglitinides.
A randomised, controlled, crossover study of the effect of diet on angiopoietin-like protein 4 (ANGPTL4) through modification of the gut microbiome$$$ Angiopoietin‐like protein 4 (ANGPTL4) is a lipoprotein lipase inhibitor that is involved in lipid metabolism and angiogenesis. Animal studies have suggested that the ANGPTL4 protein is modulated by the gut microbiota, possibly through increased concentrations of SCFA, such as C4, found in whole‐fat milk or as a result of fermentation of inulin. This study investigated whether a standardised diet either high in fat content or supplemented with inulin powder would increase plasma ANGPTL4 in overweight men and whether this increase was mediated through a compositional change of the gut microbiota. The study had a crossover design with three arms, where participants were given a standardised isoenergetic diet supplemented with inulin powder, whole‐fat milk or water (control). Plasma and urine samples were collected before and after each intervention period. Faecal samples and adipose tissue biopsies were collected after each intervention period. The study included twenty‐one participants of whom eighteen completed the study. The dietary interventions did not change ANGPTL4 plasma concentration, nor was plasma ANGPTL4 associated with plasma lipids, TAG or NEFA concentration. The relative abundance of bifidobacteria following the inulin diet was higher, compared with the control diet. However, the changes in microbiota were not associated with plasma ANGPTL4 and the overall composition of the microbiota did not change between the dietary periods. Although weight was maintained throughout the dietary periods, weight was negatively associated with plasma ANGPTL4 concentration. In the adipose tissue, ANGPTL4 expression was correlated with leptin expression, but not with hypoxia‐inducible factor 1α (HIF‐1α) expression.
Differential Effects of Dietary Patterns on Advanced Glycation end Products: a Randomized Crossover Study$$$ Dietary advanced glycation end products (AGEs) are believed to contribute to pathogenesis of diabetes and cardiovascular disease. The objective of this study was to determine if a diet high in red and processed meat and refined grains (HMD) would elevate plasma concentrations of protein‐bound AGEs compared with an energy‐matched diet high in whole grain, dairy, nuts and legumes (HWD). We conducted a randomized crossover trial with two 4‐week weight‐stable dietary interventions in 51 participants without type 2 diabetes (15 men and 36 women aged 35.1 ± 15.6 y$$$ body mass index (BMI), 27.7 ± 6.9 kg/m2). Plasma concentrations of protein‐bound Nε‐(carboxymethyl) lysine (CML), Nε‐(1‐carboxyethyl) lysine (CEL) and Nδ‐(5‐hydro‐5‐methyl‐4‐imidazolon‐2‐yl)‐ornithine (MG‐H1) were measured by liquid chromatography– tandem mass spectrometry (LC‐MS/MS). The HMD significantly increased plasma concentrations (nmol/mL) of CEL (1.367, 0.78 vs. 1.096, 0.65$$$ p < 0.01$$$ n = 48) compared with the HWD. No differences in CML and MG‐H1 between HMD and HWD were observed. HMD increased plasma CEL concentrations compared with HWD in individuals without type 2 diabetes.
Effect of energy restriction and exercise on vitamin B-6 status of women during lactation$$$ PURPOSE: Lactation increases vitamin B‐6 requirements because its concentration in breast milk is related to maternal intake and it is essential for infants. Exercise may also increase the requirement because it increases utilization and excretion of vitamin B‐6. Therefore, the purpose of this study was to determine whether energy restriction and exercise affected vitamin B‐6 status of lactating women. METHODS: Breastfeeding women with a body mass index > or = 25 and < or = 30 kg x m(‐2) were randomly assigned at 4 wk postpartum to either restrict energy intake by 500 kcal x d(‐1) and exercise for 45 min x d(‐1), 4 d x wk(‐1) (weight loss group, WG) or maintain usual diet and not exercise (control group, CG) for 10 wk. Women were given a supplement containing 2.0 mg of vitamin B‐6. Measurements included vitamin B‐6 concentrations in breast milk and plasma, plasma pyridoxal 5'‐phosphate, and erythrocyte alanine aminotransferase activity. RESULTS: The WG lost more weight (‐4.4 +/‐ 0.4 vs ‐0.9 +/‐ 0.5 kg, P < 0.01) than the CG. Cardiovascular fitness increased by 12% in the WG, compared to 3% in the CG (P = 0.09). Milk vitamin B‐6 concentrations increased in both groups (161 +/‐ 107 and 191 +/‐ 85 nmol x L(‐1), WG and CG, respectively, P = 0.05). There were no significant differences in other vitamin B‐6 parameters. Weight and length gain (2.06 +/‐ 0.21 and 1.83 +/‐ 0.17 kg$$$ 8.6 +/‐ 0.6 and 7.2 +/‐ 0.5 cm$$$ WG and CG, respectively) of infants was not significantly different between groups. CONCLUSIONS: Energy restriction and exercise from 4 to 14 wk postpartum in overweight, breastfeeding women consuming adequate dietary intakes and 2.0 mg of supplemental vitamin B‐6 does not adversely affect vitamin B‐6 status or infant growth.
Racial/ethnic differences in maternal feeding practices and beliefs at 6 months postpartum$$$ OBJECTIVE: To examine racial/ethnic differences in maternal feeding practices and beliefs in a sample of low‐income smoke‐exposed women. DESIGN: Cross‐sectional analysis using data collected during a randomised control trial. Maternal feeding practices and beliefs were assessed using the Infant Feeding Questionnaire (IFQ), which was administered at 6 months postpartum. ANOVA was used to examine differences in IFQ items by race/ethnicity, while multivariable linear regression models were used to examine differences in IFQ factor scores by race/ethnicity adjusting for potential confounders. SETTING: Participants were recruited from prenatal clinics. PARTICIPANTS: 343 women (39 % non‐Hispanic White, 28 % Hispanic/Latina, 13 % Black, and 20 % other). RESULTS: Racial/ethnic minority mothers were more likely than non‐Hispanic White mothers to put cereal in their infant's bottle so that the infant would stay full longer (P = 0·032), state their infant wanted more than just formula or breast milk prior to 4 months (P = 0·019), allow their infant to eat whenever he/she wanted (P = 0·023) and only allow their infant to eat at set times (P < 0·001). Adjusting for potential confounders, racial/ethnic minority mothers had higher scores for factors 1 (concern about infant undereating or becoming underweight), 2 (concern about infant's hunger), 4 (concern about infant overeating or becoming overweight) and 5 (feeding infant on a schedule), and lower scores for factor 7 (social interaction with the infant during feeding) than White mothers. Racial/ethnic differences were not found for the other two factors. CONCLUSIONS: Differences in maternal feeding practices and beliefs across race/ethnicity are present at 6 months postpartum.
Low glycemic index breakfasts and reduced food intake in preadolescent children$$$ OBJECTIVE: Recent reports have suggested that a low glycemic index (GI) diet may have a role in the management of obesity through its ability to increase the satiety value of food and modulate appetite. To date, no long‐term clinical trials have examined the effect of dietary GI on body weight regulation. The majority of evidence comes from single‐day studies, most of which have been conducted in adults. The purpose of this study was to investigate the effect of 3 test breakfasts‐low‐GI, low‐GI with 10% added sucrose, and high‐GI‐on ad libitum lunch intake, appetite, and satiety and to compare these with baseline values when habitual breakfast was consumed. METHODS: A 3‐way crossover study using block randomization of breakfast type was conducted in a school that already ran a breakfast club. A total of 37 children aged 9 to 12 years (15 boys and 22 girls) completed the study. The proportion of nonoverweight to overweight/obese children was 70:30. Children were divided into 5 groups, and a rolling program was devised whereby, week by week, each group would randomly receive 1 of 3 test breakfasts for 3 consecutive days, with a minimum of 5 weeks between the test breakfasts. Participants acted as their own control. The 3 test breakfasts were devised to match the energy and nutritional content of an individual's habitual breakfast as far as possible. All test breakfasts were composed of fruit juice, cereal, and milk with/without bread and margarine$$$ foods with an appropriate GI value were selected. After each test breakfast, children were instructed not to eat or drink anything until lunchtime, except water and a small serving of fruit supplying approximately 10 g of carbohydrate, which was provided. Breakfast palatability, satiation after breakfast, and satiety before lunch were measured using rating scales based on previously used tools. Lunch was a buffet‐style meal, and children were allowed free access to a range of foods. Lunch was served in the school hall where the rest of the schoolchildren were eating. Food intake at lunch was unobtrusively observed and recorded. Leftovers and food swapping were recorded, and plate waste was estimated. Lunch intakes were analyzed using a multilevel regression model for repeated measures data. The likelihood ratio statistic was used to determine whether the type of breakfast eaten had a significant effect on lunch intake after allowing for sex and weight status. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that low‐GI foods eaten at breakfast have a significant impact on food intake at lunch. This is the first study to observe such an effect in a group of normal and overweight children and adds to the growing body of evidence that low‐GI foods may have an important role in weight control and obesity management. The potentially confounding effect of differences in the macronutrient and dietary fiber content of the test breakfasts warrants additional study. In addition, the impact of GI on food intake and body weight regulation in the long term needs to be investigated. RESULTS: The type of breakfast eaten had a statistically significant effect on mean energy intake at lunchtime: lunch intake was lower after low‐GI and low‐GI with added sucrose breakfasts compared with lunch intake after high‐GI and habitual breakfasts (which were high‐GI). Overweight and sex did not have a significant effect on lunch intake. Pairwise comparisons among the 3 types of test breakfasts and between each test breakfast and habitual breakfast were made. Lunch intake after the high‐GI breakfast was significantly higher than after the low‐GI breakfast and low‐GI breakfast with added sucrose. The details of the pairwise comparisons were as follows: high‐GI versus low‐GI = 145 +/‐ 54 kcal$$$ high‐GI versus low‐GI plus sucrose = 119 +/‐ 53 kcal$$$ low‐GI plus sucrose versus low‐GI = 27 +/‐ 54 kcal. Lunch intake after the low‐GI breakfast and the low‐GI breakfast with added sucrose was significantly lower than after the habitual breakfast. The details of the pairwise comparisons were as follows: low‐GI versus habitual = ‐109 +/‐ 75 kcal$$$ low‐GI plus sucrose versus habitual = ‐83 +/‐ 75 kcal$$$ high‐GI versus habitual = 36 +/‐ 75 kcal. There were no significant differences between the test breakfasts in immediate satiation. The high‐GI breakfasts were rated to be more palatable than the low‐GI breakfasts. At lunchtime, hunger ratings were greater after the high‐GI breakfast compared with the other 2 test breakfasts on 2 of the 3 experimental days. Prelunch satiety scales were inversely related to subsequent food intake.
Do food provisions packaged in single-servings reduce energy intake at breakfast during a brief behavioral weight-loss intervention?$$$ Larger portion sizes increase energy intake, yet it is unclear whether single‐serving packages can reduce intake. This study examined the effects of providing breakfast foods in single‐serving packages and nonportioned packages on energy intake of these foods during an 8‐week behavioral weight‐loss program. In fall 2005, 19 adults (mean body mass index [calculated as kg/m(2)]=31.8+/‐4.0) were randomized to conditions that provided foods in single‐serving packages (Single‐Serving) or in nonportioned packages (Standard). Overall amounts and types of foods provided were consistent across conditions: cereal and peaches (weeks 1, 3, 5, and 7) and applesauce and cheese (weeks 2, 4, 6, and 8). Participants were instructed to eat one serving of each food for breakfast and not to consume the provided foods at other times. Mean daily energy intake of the provided foods was the primary dependent variable. The Single‐Serving group ate less energy from the combined pairs of foods provided together as compared to Standard (cereal and peaches, 117.0+/‐3.2 kcal/day vs 143.5+/‐39.3 kcal/day$$$ P<0.05 and applesauce and cheese, 174.2+/‐13.5 kcal/day vs 199.0+/‐29.4 kcal/day$$$ P<0.05). This effect was a result of less energy consumed from cereal and applesauce in Single‐Serving compared to Standard conditions (cereal, 80.2+/‐2.9 kcal/day vs 106.3+/‐22.9 kcal/day$$$ P<0.01 and applesauce, 44.5+/‐0.6 kcal/day vs 59.3+/‐5.0 kcal/day$$$ P<0.01), with no differences in energy consumption for peaches and cheese (P>0.10). This suggests that single‐serving packages may help reduce energy intake at breakfast within the context of a behavioral weight‐control program.
Metabolic responses of healthy or prediabetic adults to bovine whey protein and sodium caseinate do not differ$$$ Background: Casein is considered a slowly digestible protein compared with whey protein, and this may cause differences in hormone responses and the kinetics of delivering amino acids into the circulation. Objective: We investigated whether postprandial plasma hormone and metabolite responses were different when bovine casein or whey protein was co‐administered with carbohydrates in healthy and prediabetic adults. Methods: White healthy male adults (n = 15) and white, well‐defined male and female prediabetic adults (n = 15) received test drinks randomly on 3 different occasions at least 2 d apart which contained 50 g of maltodextrin19 (MD19) alone or in combination with 50 g of whey protein isolate (WPI) or 50 g of sodium caseinate (SC). Blood samples were collected over a 240‐min time period and were analyzed for hormone profiles and defined metabolites. Results: No evidence was found that gastric emptying was different between the 2 protein drinks. Both proteins increased peak plasma insulin concentrations in prediabetic persons by 96% compared with MD19 (each, P < 0.05), which was accompanied by a reduction of peak venous blood glucose by 21% (each, P < 0.0001) without a difference between the 2 proteins. Peak plasma glucagon concentrations increased by 101% in both groups after the protein drinks (P < 0.05). The WPI drink also increased peak plasma glucose‐dependent insulinotropic polypeptide concentrations in healthy volunteers by 56% (P < 0.01). Differences in plasma metabolite concentrations in volunteers could be attributed exclusively to the differences in the amino acid composition of the 2 proteins ingested. Conclusion: The WPI and the SC drinks similarly reduced postprandial glucose excursions when ingested with carbohydrates in healthy and prediabetic volunteers. Under our experimental conditions, however, no evidence was found that gastrointestinal processing of the 2 protein varieties differed substantially. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as DRKS00005682.
Towards Prepared mums (TOP-mums) for a healthy start, a lifestyle intervention for women with overweight and a child wish: study protocol for a randomised controlled trial in the Netherlands$$$ INTRODUCTION: Periconception obesity is associated with a higher risk for adverse perinatal outcomes such as gestational diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia, large for gestational age, operative delivery and preterm birth. Lifestyle interventions during pregnancy have resulted in insufficient effects on reducing these perinatal complications. A few reasons for this disappointing effect can be suggested: (1) the time period during pregnancy for improvement of developmental circumstances is too short$$$ (2) the periconception period in which complications originate is not included$$$ and (3) lifestyle interventions may not have been sufficiently multidisciplinary and customised. A preconception lifestyle intervention might be more effective to reduce perinatal complications. Therefore, the aim of the Towards Prepared mums study is to evaluate the effect of a lifestyle intervention starting prior to conception on lifestyle behaviour change. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: This protocol outlines a non‐blinded, randomised controlled trial. One hundred and twelve women (18‐40 years of age) with overweight or obesity (body mass index≥25.0 kg/m2) who plan to conceive within 1 year will be randomised to either the intervention or care as usual group. The intervention group will receive a multidisciplinary, customised lifestyle intervention stimulating physical activity, a healthy diet and smoking cessation, if applicable. The lifestyle intervention and monitoring will take place until 12 months postpartum. The primary outcome is difference in weight in kg from baseline to 6 weeks postpartum. Secondary outcomes are gestational weight gain, postpartum weight retention, smoking cessation, dietary and physical activity habits. Furthermore, exploratory outcomes include body composition, cardiometabolic alterations, time to pregnancy, need for assisted reproductive technologies, perinatal complications of mother and child, and lung function of the child. Vaginal and oral swabs, samples of faeces, breast milk, placenta and cord blood will be stored for evaluation of microbial flora, epigenetic markers and breast milk composition. Furthermore, a cost‐effectiveness analysis will take place. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: Ethical approval was obtained from the Medical Ethical Committee of Maastricht University Medical Centre+ (NL52452.068.15/METC152026). Knowledge derived from this study will be made available by publications in international peer‐reviewed scientific journals and will be presented at (inter)national scientific conferences. A dissemination plan for regional and national implementation of the intervention is developed. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT02703753.
Diets with high-fat cheese, high-fat meat, or carbohydrate on cardiovascular risk markers in overweight postmenopausal women: a randomized crossover trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Heart associations recommend limited intake of saturated fat. However, effects of saturated fat on low‐density lipoprotein (LDL)‐cholesterol concentrations and cardiovascular disease risk might depend on nutrients and specific saturated fatty acids (SFAs) in food. OBJECTIVE: We explored the effects of cheese and meat as sources of SFAs or isocaloric replacement with carbohydrates on blood lipids, lipoproteins, and fecal excretion of fat and bile acids. DESIGN: The study was a randomized, crossover, open‐label intervention in 14 overweight postmenopausal women. Three full‐diet periods of 2‐wk duration were provided separated by 2‐wk washout periods. The isocaloric diets were as follows: 1) a high‐cheese (96‐120‐g) intervention [i.e., intervention containing cheese (CHEESE)], 2) a macronutrient‐matched nondairy, high‐meat control [i.e., nondairy control with a high content of high‐fat processed and unprocessed meat in amounts matching the saturated fat content from cheese in the intervention containing cheese (MEAT)], and 3) a nondairy, low‐fat, high‐carbohydrate control (i.e., nondairy low‐fat control in which the energy from cheese fat and protein was isocalorically replaced by carbohydrates and lean meat (CARB). RESULTS: The CHEESE diet caused a 5% higher high‐density lipoprotein (HDL)‐cholesterol concentration (P = 0.012), an 8% higher apo A‐I concentration (P < 0.001), and a 5% lower apoB:apo A‐I ratio (P = 0.008) than did the CARB diet. Also, the MEAT diet caused an 8% higher HDL‐cholesterol concentration (P < 0.001) and a 4% higher apo A‐I concentration (P = 0.033) than did the CARB diet. Total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, apoB, and triacylglycerol were similar with the 3 diets. Fecal fat excretion was 1.8 and 0.9 g higher with the CHEESE diet than with CARB and MEAT diets (P < 0.001 and P = 0.004, respectively) and 0.9 g higher with the MEAT diet than with the CARB diet (P = 0.005). CHEESE and MEAT diets caused higher fecal bile acid excretion than did the CARB diet (P < 0.05 and P = 0.006, respectively). The dominant type of bile acids excreted differed between CHEESE and MEAT diets. CONCLUSIONS: Diets with cheese and meat as primary sources of SFAs cause higher HDL cholesterol and apo A‐I and, therefore, appear to be less atherogenic than is a low‐fat, high‐carbohydrate diet. Also, our findings confirm that cheese increases fecal fat excretion. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01739153.
The acute effects of four protein meals on insulin, glucose, appetite and energy intake in lean men$$$ Different dietary proteins vary in their ability to influence satiety and reduce food intake. The present study compared the effects of four protein meals, whey, tuna, turkey and egg albumin, on postprandial glucose and insulin concentrations as well as on appetite measures and energy intake in twenty‐two lean, healthy men. This was a randomised, cross‐over design study where participants consumed four liquid test meals on separate occasions followed by the collection of regular blood samples (fasting, +30, 60, 90, 120, 180 and 240 min). They were then offered a buffet meal 4 h later. The blood glucose response after the consumption of the test meal, as an incremental area under the curve (AUC), was significantly lower with the whey meal than with the turkey (P < 0.023) and egg (P < 0.001) meals, but it was not lower than with the tuna meal (P < 0.34). The AUC blood insulin after the consumption of the test meal was significantly higher with the whey meal than with the tuna, turkey and egg meals (all P < 0.001). The AUC rating of hunger was significantly lower with the whey meal than with the tuna (P < 0.033), turkey (P < 0.001) and egg (P < 0.001) meals. Mean energy intake at the ad libitum meal was significantly lower (P < 0.001) with the whey meal than with the tuna, egg and turkey meals. There was a strong relationship between self‐rated appetite, postprandial insulin response and energy intake at lunch. Whey protein meal produced a greater insulin response, reduced appetite and decreased ad libitum energy intake at a subsequent meal compared with the other protein meals, indicating a potential for appetite suppression and weight loss in overweight or obese individuals.
The effect of dietary counselling on diet in pregnant women at risk for gestational diabetes$$$ Introduction: The prevalence of gestational diabetes (GDM) is increasing worldwide. GDM might be prevented by improving diet of pregnant women. Objectives: The objective of the study was to evaluate the effect of dietary counselling on food intake in pregnant women at increased GDM risk. Method / Design: This study was a part of the Finnish gestational diabetes prevention study (RADIEL) which is a randomized controlled lifestyle intervention study. The present study included pregnant women with previous GDM or BMI >30 kg/m2 who were allocated into two groups. The control group received standard antenatal dietary counselling according to national recommendations. The intervention group participated, in addition, in one individual dietary counselling session and one group dietary counselling session. Food intake was assessed using a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). The follow‐up of the present study was conducted between February 2008 and January 2014, and included 242 pregnant women who were followed from the first to the second trimester of pregnancy. Bootstrap type analysis of covariance was used to indicate the changes in food intake. Results: The intake of low‐fat cheese increased in the intervention group and decreased in the control group (baseline adjusted means 0.09 times/day and ‐0.14 times/day$$$ P = 0.040). Also, the intake of fish increased more in the intervention group compared to the control group (baseline adjusted means 0.28 times/day and 0.06 times/day$$$ P = 0.011). Conclusions: The present study showed that dietary counselling in early pregnancy can improve diet of pregnant women at increased GDM risk.
An investigation of fetal, postnatal and childhood growth with insulin-like growth factor I and binding protein 3 in adulthood$$$ OBJECTIVE: Weight at birth and adult height are positively associated with cancer risk. These patterns may be mediated by the insulin‐like growth factor (IGF) axis. We have examined whether pre‐ and postnatal growth patterns have a long‐term influence on adult IGF‐I and IGFBP‐3 levels. DESIGN: A follow‐up study of a randomized controlled trial of milk supplementation in pregnancy and childhood. SUBJECTS: A total of 951 individuals took part in a study of diet and growth in South Wales between 1972 and 1974 followed up from birth until their mid‐20s. MEASUREMENTS: Anthopometric measures at birth, postnatally up to 5 years of age and in adulthood, and serum measures of IGF‐I and IGF‐I to IGFBP‐3 ratio at mean age of 25 years. RESULTS: A total of 63 subjects (70%) provided blood for analysis. We found no association between birth dimensions and adult IGF‐I. Subjects who exhibited 'catch‐down growth' had lower IGF‐I levels (P‐value for trend 0.02). Adult height was positively related to IGF‐I, for every one standard deviation increase in adult height, IGF‐I increased by 3.75 ng/dl (95% CI 0.46‐7.08, P = 0.03). Adiposity was inversely associated with the IGF‐I and IGF‐I to IGFBP‐3 ratio and positively associated with IGFBP‐3. The strength of the associations increased with age. Downward centile crossing at any time in childhood was associated with lower IGF‐I whilst the highest levels were observed in subjects who were tall throughout their early life course. Adult height remained a significant predictor of IGF‐I even after adjustment for earlier growth. CONCLUSIONS: Our results indicate that IGF‐I levels in early adulthood are associated with patterns of childhood growth as well as adult stature and adiposity. These associations suggest the IGFs may contribute to anthropometric associations with cancer risk.
Impact of the lactation advice through texting can help (LATCH) randomized controlled trial$$$ In the U.S. low income women lack breastfeeding education and support. LATCH was a multi‐site single‐blind randomized controlled trial designed to test the effectiveness of a two‐way text messaging intervention encouraging exclusive breastfeeding among low‐income women enrolled in breastfeeding peer counseling programs in four WIC clinics. LATCH combined in‐person prenatal and post‐partum (pp) breastfeeding education and support (breastfeeding peer counseling) with mHealth technology based on behavior change evidence‐based prenatal, perinatal and postnatal text messaging. The purpose of LATCH was to determine whether the two‐way interactive SMS intervention: (1) improved the time‐to‐contact between participants and their breastfeeding peer counselors$$$ and (2) had an impact upon exclusive breastfeeding rates at two weeks pp. At baseline (N = 174) participants ranged in age from 18 to 42 and were on average 26.8 (SD 5.6) years old. Participants were on average 23.3 weeks gestation, 152.4 (SD 43.7) pounds, and had an average BMI in the overweight range (28.0 kg/m2). Nearly three‐quarters of the sample self‐identified as Hispanic, 71.8% were single ‐ never married, 69.4% were living with their partner, and 43.0% had graduated from high school or obtained their GED. Participants also planned to provide their child with any breast milk for an average of 9.3 (SD 5.5) months, exclusively breastfeed for an average of 5.1 (SD 4.9) months, and partially breastfeed for an average of 4.1 (SD 4.8) months. The follow‐up rate at two weeks pp was 73.0% (127/174). LATCH had a significant impact on facilitating early contact between participants and their peer counselors. Almost sixty percent (58.7%) of women in the intervention group contacted their BFPC either immediately or within the first 48 hours after the baby was born, compared to 34.6% in the control group (p = 0.018). This finding was seen across study sites, although the within clinic differences were not always statistically significant due to limited statistical power for the within site comparisons. At two weeks pp the effect of LATCH was in the expected direction but not statistically significant: 50.7% of women in the intervention group were exclusively breastfeeding versus 44.6% in the control group (p = 0.497). Effect modification analyses showed large effect size differences in exclusive breastfeeding at two weeks pp as a function of study site, level of maternal education, income, ethnicity, English speaking, planned breastfeeding for > 6 months, and prepregnancy BMI. LATCH improved exclusive breastfeeding at two weeks pp among women who were more motivated to breastfeed, spoke English and somewhat socioeconomically better off. By contrast it had no impact in exclusive breastfeeding at two weeks among women who spoke Spanish or who were more socioeconomically vulnerable and less motivated to breastfeed. Our process evaluation findings indicate that is key for WIC clinics to have adequate IBCLC/PC coverage to be able to properly meet the demand for their services created by LATCH.
A cross-sectional analysis of the association between diet and insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-I, IGF-II, IGF-binding protein (IGFBP)-2, and IGFBP-3 in men in the United Kingdom$$$ BACKGROUND: There is evidence of associations between insulin‐like growth factor I (IGF‐I), IGF‐II, insulin‐like binding protein‐2 (IGFBP‐2), IGFBP‐3, and prostate cancer risk. This study examines the association between dietary factors associated with prostate cancer and serum levels of these peptides. METHODS: A cross‐sectional analysis of self‐reported 12‐month dietary intake with serum IGF and IGFBP levels was performed using data from 1,798 subjects screened negative for prostate cancer as part of a UK multicenter trial comparing treatments for this condition. Multivariable linear regression models tested associations of diet with IGFs and IGFBPs. RESULTS: For a one standard deviation (SD) increase in dairy product and dairy protein intake, IGF‐I increased by 5.28 ng/mL (95 % confidence interval: 2.64, 7.92 ng/mL) and 6.02 ng/mL (3.34, 8.71 ng/mL), respectively. A 25 % increase in calcium and selenium intake was associated with an increase in IGF‐I of 5.92 ng/mL (3.77, 8.07 ng/mL) and 2.61 ng/mL (1.10, 4.13 ng/mL), respectively. A one SD increase in animal protein was associated with a decrease in IGFBP‐2 of 6.20 % (‐8.91, ‐3.41 %), and there was some evidence of an inverse association with dairy protein and calcium. There was no evidence of any dietary associations with IGFBP‐3 or IGF‐II. CONCLUSIONS: Diet is associated with IGF‐I and IGFBP‐2 levels in men in the UK, and these peptides warrant further investigation as part of randomized trials of dietary interventions to reduce the risk or progression of prostate cancer. There is no evidence that IGF‐II or IGFBP‐3 are mediators of dietary associations with prostate cancer.
Sucrose-sweetened beverages increase fat storage in the liver, muscle, and visceral fat depot: a 6-mo randomized intervention study$$$ BACKGROUND: The consumption of sucrose‐sweetened soft drinks (SSSDs) has been associated with obesity, the metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disorders in observational and short‐term intervention studies. Too few long‐term intervention studies in humans have examined the effects of soft drinks. OBJECTIVE: We compared the effects of SSSDs with those of isocaloric milk and a noncaloric soft drink on changes in total fat mass and ectopic fat deposition (in liver and muscle tissue). DESIGN: Overweight subjects (n = 47) were randomly assigned to 4 different test drinks (1 L/d for 6 mo): SSSD (regular cola), isocaloric semiskim milk, aspartame‐sweetened diet cola, and water. The amount of intrahepatic fat and intramyocellular fat was measured with (1)H‐magnetic resonance spectroscopy. Other endpoints were fat mass, fat distribution (dual‐energy X‐ray absorptiometry and magnetic resonance imaging), and metabolic risk factors. RESULTS: The relative changes between baseline and the end of 6‐mo intervention were significantly higher in the regular cola group than in the 3 other groups for liver fat (132‐143%, sex‐adjusted mean$$$ P < 0.01), skeletal muscle fat (117‐221%$$$ P < 0.05), visceral fat (24‐31%$$$ P < 0.05), blood triglycerides (32%$$$ P < 0.01), and total cholesterol (11%$$$ P < 0.01). Total fat mass was not significantly different between the 4 beverage groups. Milk and diet cola reduced systolic blood pressure by 10‐15% compared with regular cola (P < 0.05). Otherwise, diet cola had effects similar to those of water. CONCLUSION: Daily intake of SSSDs for 6 mo increases ectopic fat accumulation and lipids compared with milk, diet cola, and water. Thus, daily intake of SSSDs is likely to enhance the risk of cardiovascular and metabolic diseases. This trial is registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00777647.
Postnatal nutrition in preterm-born infants: could this developmental window be a target to reduce long-term changes in cardiac structure and function?$$$ Introduction: Preterm birth relates to long‐term alterations in cardiac structure and function. Understanding whether preterm postnatal life is a tractable period of cardiovascular development that can be positively altered by nutrition is relevant to long term outcomes. Purpose: To determine whether being fed human breastmilk during early postnatal life is beneficial to long‐term cardiac structure and function in preterm‐born individuals compared to infant formulae. Methods: 926 preterm‐born infants originally took part in a randomized controlled trial of postnatal milk feeding regimes between 1982‐1985 across five different centres. Preterm‐born individuals were randomly assigned to either breastmilk donated by unrelated lactating women or nutrient‐enriched formulae. We followed up 102 individuals from this cohort$$$ 30 of which had been randomized to being fed exlusively human milk and 16 to being fed exclusively formula. As a comparison group, we recruited an additional 102 individuals born term to uncomplicated pregnancies. Cardiac volumes and function were assessed by magnetic resonance imaging and creation of a 3D computational atlas of the left ventricle. Results: Preterm‐born individuals fed exclusively human milk as infants had an increased left and right ventricular end‐diastolic volume index (+9.73%, P=0.04 and +18.2%, P<0.001), as well as left and right ventricular stroke volume index (+9.79%, P=0.05 and +22.1%, P=0.01) compared to preterm‐born individuals who were exclusively formula fed as infants. In a multivariable regression model across the entire preterm group (n=102) with gestational age, sex, percentage of human milk in the diet, and postnatal weight gain as predictors, the percentage of human milk was positively related to both right ventricular end‐diastolic volume index (P=0.009) and stroke volume index (P=0.04). Use of our computational atlas allowed us to confirm that cardiac differences between groups were proportional size changes, rather than alterations in geometric dimensions. Conclusions: In summary, we provide the first evidence of a beneficial association between breast milk and cardiac shape in adult life in those born preterm. The findings implicate early preterm postnatal life as a potentially tractable period of cardiovascular development, relevant to long‐term outcomes, and support promotion of human milk for the care of preterm infants to reduce long‐term cardiovascular risk.
Metabolic effects of amino acid mixtures and whey protein in healthy subjects: studies using glucose-equivalent drinks$$$ BACKGROUND: Milk protein, in particular the whey fraction, has been shown to display insulinotrophic properties in healthy persons and persons with type 2 diabetes. In parallel to the hyperinsulinemia, a pronounced postprandial rise of certain amino acids and of glucose‐dependent insulinotrophic polypeptide (GIP) was observed in plasma. OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to determine to what extent the insulinotrophic properties of whey could be simulated by specific amino acid mixtures. DESIGN: Twelve healthy volunteers were served drinks consisting of pure glucose (reference drink) or glucose supplemented with free amino acids or whey proteins (test drinks). RESULTS: A test drink with the branched‐chain amino acids isoleucine, leucine, and valine resulted in significantly higher insulin responses than did the glucose reference. A drink containing glucose and leucine, isoleucine, valine, lysine, and threonine mimicked the glycemic and insulinemic responses seen after whey ingestion. With consumption of this drink, the glucose area under the curve (AUC) was 44% smaller (P < 0.05) and the insulin AUC was 31% larger (NS) than with consumption of the reference drink. With consumption of the whey drink, the AUCs were 56% smaller (glucose$$$ P < 0.05) and 60% larger (insulin$$$ P < 0.05), respectively, than with the reference drink. The whey drink was accompanied by an 80% greater GIP response (P < 0.05), whereas the drinks containing free amino acids did not significantly affect GIP secretion. CONCLUSION: A mixture of leucine, isoleucine, valine, lysine, and threonine resulted in glycemic and insulinemic responses closely mimicking those seen after whey ingestion in the absence of an additional effect of GIP and glucagon‐like peptide 1.
Effectiveness of mobile application promoting healthy behaviors among adults with prediabetes in Muang District, Phitsanulok Province, Thailand: a randomized controlled trial study$$$ INTERVENTION: DM Winner application ,The information briefly for diabetes prevention was provided for the control group by the researcher team at starting of this study a brief of healthy dietary and physical activity for introduction to the prevention of type 2 diabetes in a dairy lifestyle. Experimental Other,No Intervention No treatment The DM Winner application (web‐based) on personal devices was designed to reaching the ultimate goal for improving healthy behaviors of adults with prediabetes to prevent or delay type 2 DM progressing. It was provided features such as weekly goal setting, tracking, self‐monitoring, and rewarding. The application includes five elements: a home screen with health information, weekly reminders, physical activity goal setting, dietary habit goal setting, and health behavior reports. Participants could use the application to set weekly goals (at least once a week login in 6 months) for dietary habits and exercise, reporting achieved goals at the end of each week. Weekly reminders were customizable to encourage participants to improve health behaviors. The application collected data on age, weight, height, BMI, blood pressure, waist circumference, blood glucose, exercise, dietary habits, and challenge scores.,The information for diabetes prevention was provided for the control group by the researcher team at starting of this study a brief of healthy dietary and physical activity for introduction to the prevention of type 2 diabetes in daily life. CONDITION: In Thailand, the mobile application for DM prevention has been limited to conduct the effects of mobile phone applications on improving healthy behaviors particularly among adults with prediabetes in urban areas. However, there have been so far no such a study for collecting and analyzing data for evaluate their achievement of any application for DM preventive measures in Thailand. $$$ Mobile application, healthy behaviors, physical activity, prediabetes, type 2 diabetes mellitus Mobile application, healthy behaviors, physical activity, prediabetes, type 2 diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Healthy behaviors (dietary habits and physical activity) At baseline, 3 months and 6 months. Self‐reported questionnaire of physical activity frequencies (days per week) and dietary habits frequencies (times per week) SECONDARY OUTCOME: Biochemical parameters At baseline and 3 months. Participants were collected blood samples by the physician from Biolab medical technic clinic at health promoting hospitals. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) Participants live in Muang Phitsanulok. 2) Participants who had aged 30‐59 years. 3) Participants who were prediabetes as defined by fasting plasma glucose between 100 mg/dL and 125.9 mg/dL or postprandial plasma glucose between 140 mg/dL and 199.9 mg/dL 4) Participants who has access to internet on smartphone. 5) Participants having of smartphone. 6) Participants who can use application in daily life.
Acute effects of dietary or supplemental calcium on serum CTX levels in post-menopausal women with high or low viceral fat levels$$$ Obesity has been shown to be associated with low bone mass and fractures which is associated with reduced bone turnover and altered calcium metabolism. The mechanism for which higher visceral adipose tissue (VAT) has on bone metabolism in healthy post‐menopausal women is however not clear. In particular, it is not clear if the recommended calcium supplementation is as effective in reducing bone resorption in women with higher VAT levels. To assess the acute effects of dietary calcium and a calcium supplement on bone resorption (C‐telopeptide of type 1 collagen, CTX‐1) in women with varying body mass index (BMI) and VAT levels, 77 postmenopausal women were recruited to a calcium treatment trial. All participants underwent measures for body weight, height, whole‐body bone mineral density, total fat, lean mass, abdominal fat, and visceral adipose tissue levels. Each week participants received one of three supplements in a randomized order over three sessions: milk (1000 mg Ca, 210 cal), calcium carbonate in water (1000 mg Ca), and fruit juice (no Ca, 210 cal). At each session, blood samples were collected at 0, 30min, 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5 hours‐post treatment. Blood specimens were analyzed for CTX‐1, Ca, Phos, and total ALP. Institutional Human Ethics approval was obtained. Participants as baseline had a mean age of 65.6+/‐4.5, BMI range of 18.5 ‐ 53.9 kg/m2 and a VAT range of 86 ‐ 3200g. VAT and trunk fat mass inversely correlated with CTX‐1 levels (r=‐0.36, p=0.002$$$ r=‐0.3, p=0.008) at baseline. Both the level ans rate of CTX‐1 suppression with milk and Ca carbonate was greater than with levels with fruit juice consumption. However, milk treatment caused a rapid CTX supression response with the maximal suppression at 2h‐post consumption. Whereas Ca carbonate treatment caused a maximal suppression of CTX levels at 4h which remained low at 5h‐post treatment. Importantly, the highest suppression in CTX was observed in women with the lowest VAT tertile for milk and Ca carbonate consumption (P<0.01). While all participant responded to Ca treatment, women with higher VAT demonstrated the lowest response to both milk and Ca carbonate supplements, either because baseline bone resorption levels were significantly lower and/or because of a reduced response to 1000mg of calcium supplementation. These data suggest a review of the efficacy and guidelines for calcium supplementations for obese women may be required.
Associations between Diet Quality and Body Composition in Young Children Born with Very Low Body Weight$$$ BACKGROUND: Very low birth weight (VLBW$$$ <1500 g) infants have increased adiposity and metabolic disease risk in adulthood. Limited evidence suggests low‐quality childhood diets are a predisposing risk factor. Despite this, to our knowledge no study has yet examined associations between diet quality and body composition in VLBW individuals. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to determine associations between Healthy Eating Index‐2010 (HEI‐2010) scores and consumption of fruits/vegetables, added sugars, and macronutrients with body composition in 5.5‐y‐old children born VLBW. We hypothesized HEI‐2010 scores were inversely associated with adiposity. METHODS: This cohort study leveraged the 5.5‐y follow‐up to the Donor Milk for Improved Neurodevelopmental Outcomes randomized controlled trial. From June 2016 to July 2018, participants attended a follow‐up visit at The Hospital for Sick Children, Canada, or were visited in their home. All 316 surviving infants from the trial were eligible, and the caregivers of 158 children (50%$$$ 53% male) consented to follow‐up. Diet quality (HEI‐2010) and usual intake of fruits/vegetables, added sugars, and macronutrients were determined from two 24‐h dietary recalls (ASA24). Linear regressions evaluated associations of diet with BMI (kg/m2) and waist circumference z‐scores, total fat, fat‐free mass (air displacement plethysmography), and skinfolds. RESULTS: Mean ± SD age at follow‐up was 5.7 ± 0.2 y, birth weight was 1013 ± 264 g, and gestational age was 27.9 ± 2.5 wk. Dietary data and BMI z‐scores were available for all children$$$ 123 completed air displacement plethysmography. HEI‐2010 score was 58.2 ± 12.4 out of 100, and 27% of children had poor quality diets (scores ≤50). HEI‐2010 scores were inversely associated with BMI z‐score, but only in children with obese mothers. A 10‐point increase in HEI‐2010 score was associated with reduced BMI (β: ‐0.5 SD$$$ 95% CI: ‐0.7, ‐0.2) and subscapular (‐0.3 SD$$$ 95% CI: ‐0.6, ‐0.06) z‐scores. CONCLUSIONS: Improving diet quality in children born VLBW with obese mothers may be an important strategy to prevent excess adiposity. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as Optimizing Mothers' Milk for Preterm Infants (OptiMoM) Program of Research: Study 1‐Impact of Donor Milk at Kindergarten, NCT02759809.
Effect of soybean protein on novel cardiovascular disease risk factors: a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in the United States and the world. Clinical trials have suggested that soybean protein lowers lipids and blood pressure. The effect of soybean protein on novel CVD risk factors has not been well studied. The objective of this study was to examine the effect of soybean protein on biomarkers of inflammation, endothelial dysfunction and adipocytokines. SUBJECTS/METHODS: The effect of 8 weeks of 40 g of soybean protein supplement (89.3 mg isoflavones), 40 g of milk protein supplement and 40 g of complex carbohydrate placebo was examined in a randomized, placebo‐controlled, double‐blind, three‐phase crossover trial among adults in New Orleans, Louisiana and Jackson, Mississippi. Plasma levels of inflammation biomarkers (C‐reactive protein, interleukin‐6, tumor necrosis factor‐α), endothelial dysfunction biomarkers (E‐selectin, intercellular adhesion molecule‐1, vascular cell adhesion molecule‐1, thrombomodulin) and adipocytokines (high‐molecular weight adiponectin, leptin, resistin) were measured at baseline and at the end of each intervention using immunoturbidimetric and enzyme‐linked immunosorbent assay techniques. RESULTS: Soy protein supplementation resulted in a significant mean net change (95% confidence interval) in plasma E‐selectin of ‐3.93 ng/ml (‐7.05 to ‐0.81 ng/ml$$$ P=0.014) compared with milk protein, and in plasma leptin of ‐2089.8 pg/ml (‐3689.3 to ‐490.3 pg/ml$$$ P=0.011) compared with carbohydrate. There were no significant changes in any other risk factors. CONCLUSIONS: Soy protein supplementation may reduce levels of E‐selectin and leptin. Further research is warranted to investigate the mechanisms through which protein may confer protective effects on novel CVD risk factors.
Effect of multiple micronutrient supplementation during pregnancy on inflammatory markers in Nepalese women$$$ BACKGROUND: Multiple micronutrient supplementation of Nepalese women during pregnancy is associated with a significant increase in birth weight. OBJECTIVE: We tested the hypothesis that improved birth weight in infants of mothers supplemented with micronutrients is associated with a decrease in inflammatory responses and an increase in the production of T helper 1 cells and T helper 2 cells. DESIGN: The study was embedded in a randomized controlled trial of 15 micronutrients, compared with iron‐folate supplementation (control), given during pregnancy with the aim of increasing birth weight. Blood samples were collected at 32 wk of gestation, 12‐20 wk after supplementation began, for the measurement of inflammatory markers. Breast‐milk samples were collected 1 mo after delivery for the measurement of the ratio of milk sodium to potassium (milk Na:K). In an opportunistically selected subgroup of 70 women, mitogen‐stimulated cytokine production was measured ex vivo in whole blood. RESULTS: Blood eosinophils$$$ plasma concentrations of the acute phase reactants C‐reactive protein, alpha(1)‐acid glycoprotein (AGP), neopterin, and ferritin$$$ milk Na:K$$$ and the production of interleukin (IL) 10, IL‐4, interferon gamma, and tumor necrosis factor alpha in whole blood did not differ significantly between the supplemented and control groups. Plasma C‐reactive protein and AGP were higher in women who had a preterm delivery, and AGP was higher in women who delivered a low‐birth‐weight term infant than in women who delivered a normal‐birth‐weight term infant. CONCLUSIONS: The results indicate an association between systemic inflammation in late pregnancy and compromised delivery outcome in Nepalese women but do not support the hypothesis that multiple micronutrient supplementation changes cytokine production or inflammatory markers.
Mechanistic investigation of the negative food effect of modified release zolpidem$$$ AIMS: When administered orally as either an immediate or modified release dosage form, zolpidem demonstrates a negative food effect, i.e. decrease in Cmax and AUC. The aim of the study was to arrive at a better understanding of the absorption of this BCS class I compound in vivo and to simulate the observed plasma profiles using in vitro and in silico methods. METHODS: Pharmacokinetic profiles of zolpidem are presented from a bioavailability (8mg intravenous$$$ 10mg immediate release Stilnox®$$$ 10mg and 12.5mg modified release Ambien® CR) and from a food effect study (12.5mg modified release Ambien® CR). The dissolution behavior of the 12.5mg strength was investigated using compendial methods in the USP apparatus II and using biorelevant methods in the USP apparatus III and IV. The mean plasma profiles as well as selected individual plasma profiles were simulated with Simcyp® and GastroPlus™. The absorption behavior was additionally investigated using the Qgut model, which entails algebraic deconvolution of all individual profiles, incorporating both first pass gut and liver extraction. RESULTS: It was possible to simulate the mean plasma profiles using a "middle‐out" approach, based on in vitro data combined with pharmacokinetic parameters obtained after intravenous administration, using PBPK software (Simcyp® and GastroPlus™), resulting in average fold error (AFE) values <1.5. Deconvolution verified that the in vivo absorption rate from the modified release formulation is controlled by the formulation in the fasted state, whereas in the fed state, the absorption rate is mainly controlled by gastric emptying. One‐stage in vitro tests suggested that interactions with meal components, resulting in incomplete release, may be the source of the negative food effect for both the immediate and modified release formulations. CONCLUSIONS: The present study demonstrated that a combination of biorelevant dissolution testing with modeling approaches enables a mechanistic understanding of the absorption of zolpidem from various formulations and can serve as a useful biopharmaceutical approach for the development of modified release solid oral dosage forms.
Supplementation with a whey protein hydrolysate enhances recovery of muscle force-generating capacity following eccentric exercise$$$ There is evidence that protein hydrolysates can speed tissue repair following damage and may therefore be useful for accelerating recovery from exercise induced muscle damage. The potential for a hydrolysate (WPI(HD)) of whey protein isolate (WPI) to speed recovery following eccentric exercise was evaluated by assessing effects on recovery of peak isometric torque (PIT). In a double‐blind randomised parallel trial, 28 sedentary males had muscle soreness (MS), serum creatine kinase (CK) activity, plasma TNFalpha, and PIT assessed at baseline and after 100 maximal eccentric contractions (ECC) of their knee extensors. Participants then consumed 250 ml of flavoured water (FW$$$ n=11), or FW containing 25 g WPI (n=11) or 25 g WPI(HD) (n=6) and the assessments were repeated 1, 2, 6 and 24h later. PIT decreased approximately 23% following ECC, remained suppressed in FW and WPI, but recovered fully in WPI(HD) by 6h (P=0.006, treatment x time interaction). MS increased following ECC (P<0.001 for time), and remained elevated with no difference between groups (P=0.61). TNFalpha and CK did not change (P>0.45). WPI(HD) may be a useful supplement for assisting athletes to recover from fatiguing eccentric exercise.
Soy isoflavones modulate immune function in healthy postmenopausal women$$$ BACKGROUND: The immune system may be compromised after menopause because of the effects of aging and diminishing concentrations of estrogen, an immune‐modulating hormone. Isoflavones, plant‐derived compounds with estrogenic and antioxidant properties, may offer immunologic benefits to women during this stage of life. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to evaluate the effects of soy isoflavones, both in soymilk and in supplement form, on markers of immunity and oxidative stress in postmenopausal women. DESIGN: Postmenopausal women aged 50‐65 y (n = 52) enrolled in this 16‐wk double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 experimental groups: 1) control, 706 mL cow milk/d plus a placebo supplement$$$ 2) soymilk, 71.6 mg isoflavones derived from 706 mL soymilk/d plus a placebo supplement$$$ and 3) supplement, 70 mg isoflavones in a supplement plus 706 mL cow milk/d. Plasma and 24‐h urine samples were obtained at baseline and at 16 wk. Immune variables included lymphocyte subsets, cytokine production, and markers of inflammation and oxidative damage. RESULTS: Isoflavone intervention in postmenopausal women resulted in higher (P < 0.05) B cell populations and lower (P < 0.05) plasma concentrations of 8‐hydroxy‐2‐deoxy‐guanosine, an oxidative marker of DNA damage. Isoflavone treatment did not significantly influence concentrations of interferon gamma, interleukin 2, tumor necrosis factor alpha, or C‐reactive protein in plasma or of 8‐isoprostane in urine. CONCLUSIONS: Soymilk and supplemental isoflavones modulate B cell populations and appear to be protective against DNA damage in postmenopausal women.
Latin American Society for Pediatric Research, LASPR - Selected Abstracts from the Annual Meeting 2012$$$ The proceedings contain 16 papers. The topics discussed include: sea level postnatal exposure modifies the pulmonary arterial pressure, reactivity and remodeling in neonatal lambs born in highlands$$$ type of delivery and indicators of adiposity in young adults$$$ impact of a clinical rule for the initial management of children with pneumonia on antibiotic use: a randomized controlled trial$$$ maternal obesity as a risk factor for birth defects$$$ racecadotril, a good alternative in the management of acute watery diarrhea in children$$$ variation in sodium serum levels using two different intravenous maintenance fluids in appendectomy postsurgical hospitalized children$$$ risk of microbiological contamination between samples of human milk obtained at home and obtained at hospital$$$ neonatal heart rate measurement and analysis system$$$ gastroschisis (GQ): growth and development at two years of life$$$ and intensive pharmacovigilance program of calcineurin inhibitors in pediatric renal and hepatic transplant patients.
Effects of diet-induced weight loss on postprandial vascular function after consumption of a mixed meal: results of a randomized controlled trial with abdominally obese men$$$ BACKGROUND: Effects of weight loss on postprandial vascular function have not been studied so far. We therefore examined (i) effects of diet‐induced weight loss on postprandial changes in various vascular function markers after consumption of a mixed meal and (ii) differences between normal‐weight and abdominally obese men of comparable age at baseline and after weight loss. METHODS: Fifty‐four apparently healthy abdominally obese (waist circumference: 102‐110 cm) and 25 normal‐weight men (waist circumference: <94 cm) participated. The abdominally obese men were randomly allocated to a diet‐induced weight‐loss program or a no‐weight loss control group. Men assigned to the weight‐loss program followed a calorie‐restricted diet for six weeks targeting a waist circumference of less than 102 cm, followed by a weight‐maintenance period for two weeks. The control group maintained their habitual diet and physical activity levels. Measurements were performed before and two hours after consumption of the test meal consisting of two muffins (containing 56.6 g fat) and 300 mL low‐fat milk. RESULTS: The mean weight loss was 10.3 kg in the weight‐loss compared with the control group. The postprandial change in flow‐mediated vasodilation of the brachial artery (FMD) was significantly higher at baseline in normal‐weight as compared with the postprandial change in abdominally obese men (1.89 ± 2.52 versus 0.48 ± 2.50 percentage points$$$ P = 0.027). However, no differences in postprandial changes were observed in the abdominally obese men after weight loss compared with the control treatment. Also, weight reduction did not affect postprandial changes in carotid‐to‐femoral pulse wave velocity, retinal microvascular caliber properties, or plasma markers of microvascular endothelial function. Even though postprandial increases in triacylglycerol (P = 0.028), insulin (P = 0.029) and C‐peptide concentrations (P < 0.001) were reduced in the abdominally obese men following weight loss, postprandial changes in FMD at the end of the weight‐loss treatment were still more unfavorable as compared with those observed in normal‐weight individuals. CONCLUSION: In this trial with abdominally obese men, we did not find effects of diet‐induced weight loss on postprandial changes in vascular endothelial function, arterial stiffness and markers of microvascular function. This trial was registered on ClinicalTrials.gov under study number NCT01675401.
Preoperative liver shrinking diet for bariatric surgery may impact wound healing: a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: In bariatric surgery, preoperative very low‐calorie diets (VLCD) may better meet the technical demands of surgery by shrinking the liver. However, diets may affect tissue healing and influence bowel anastomosis in an as‐yet‐undefined manner. Objective: This randomized controlled trial aimed to examine the effect on collagen deposition in wounds in patients on a 4‐week VLCD before laparoscopic gastric bypass. Setting: University hospital. Methods: The trial was undertaken in patients undergoing laparoscopic Roux‐en‐Y gastric bypass, with a control group (n = 10) on normal diet and an intervention group (n = 10) on VLCD (800 kcal) for 4 weeks. The primary outcome measured was expression of collagen I and III in skin wounds, with biopsies taken before and after the diet and 7 days postoperatively as a surrogate of anastomotic healing. Secondary outcome measures included liver volume and fibrosis score, body composition, operating time, blood loss, hospital stay, and complications. Results: Patients in both groups were similar in age, sex, body mass index (53.4 versus 52.8 kg/m2), co‐morbidities, liver volume, and body composition. Expression of mature collagen type I was significantly decreased in diet patients compared with controls after 4 weeks of diet and 7 days after surgery. This was significant decrease in liver volume (23% versus 2%, P =.03) but no difference in operating times (129 versus 139 min, P =.16), blood loss, length of stay, or incidence of complications. Conclusions: Preoperative diets shrink liver volume and decrease expression of mature collagen in wounds after surgery. Whether the latter has a detrimental effect on clinical outcomes requires further evaluation.
ANALYSIS ON THE INFLUENCE OF SPORTS DANCE ON CHILDREN'S PSYCHOLOGICAL QUALITY AND THINKING COGNITION$$$ Background: With the progress and development of social civilization, children's psychological education has attracted more and more attention. However, in real life, due to the poor overall quality of preschool teachers, inappropriate preschool education methods and methods have caused harm to children's psychological cognition. In addition, immoral business phenomena emerge one after another in modern society, such as toxic milk powder, gutter oil, toxic rice, clenbuterol, etc. These problems have caused the cognitive health problems of children in modern society, and they are facing a huge test. Children's sports dance is a new sports event integrating sports and art. It has a wide variety, is easy to implement, is not limited by the number of venues, and is suitable for children's psychological and cognitive development. Subjects and methods: In this study, children of different ages in large, medium and small classes of kindergartens of Wuhan University were taken as subjects, aged 3‐6 years. Twenty children with the same sex ratio of men and women in each class were randomly selected as the subjects, a total of 60 children. The subjects were divided into two groups: experimental group and control group. The control group was conducted according to traditional teaching, and the experimental group used traditional teaching combined with children's sports dance course teaching experiment. In order to control and reduce the experimental error, a member of the research group served as the teaching teacher, hired the pediatric nurse of Wuhan people's hospital to measure the children's physique, and measured the children's physical fitness indexes before and after the experiment. Results: Children's sports dance has an obvious effect on children's body, weight and chest circumference, and has an obvious effect on children's abdominal skinfold thickness. Children's sports dance teaching experimental intervention can improve children's body shape, reduce the proportion of obese children, and make children's body shape development more symmetrical. Children's sports dance can significantly improve children's sitting forward flexion, 10 meter turn back run, walking balance beam and standing long jump. The combination of kindergarten traditional teaching and children's sports dance intervention has made positive improvements in children's psychological and behavioral problems, especially in the three indicators of aggression, depression and discipline violation. Conclusions: There is a subordinate relationship between children's sports dance and sports dance. Children's sports dance is an integral part of sports dance. It is compiled according to the laws and characteristics of children's physical and mental development. Children's sports dance has a significant effect on improving children's body shape, and has an intervention effect on children's physical quality, but the effect is different. Children's sports dance plays an obvious role in eliminating children's psychological and behavioral problems.
A whey-protein supplement increases fat loss and spares lean muscle in obese subjects: a randomized human clinical study$$$ BACKGROUND: This study evaluated a specialized whey fraction (Prolibratrade mark, high in leucine, bioactive peptides and milk calcium) for use as a dietary supplement to enhance weight loss. METHODS: This was a randomized, double‐blind, parallel‐arm, 12‐week study. Caloric intake was reduced 500 calories per day. Subjects consumed Prolibra or an isocaloric ready‐to‐mix beverage 20 minutes before breakfast and 20 minutes before dinner. Body fat and lean muscle tissue were measured by dual‐energy x‐ray absorptiometry (DEXA). Body weight and anthropometric measurements were recorded every 4 weeks. Blood samples were taken at the beginning and end of the study. Statistical analyses were performed on all subjects that completed (completer analysis) and all subjects that lost at least 2.25 kg of body weight (responder analysis). Within group significance was determined at P < 0.05 using a two‐tailed paired t‐test and between group significance was determined using one way analysis of covariance with baseline data as a covariate. RESULTS: Both groups lost a significant amount of weight and the Prolibra group tended to lose more weight than the control group$$$ however the amount of weight loss was not significantly different between groups after 12 weeks. Prolibra subjects lost significantly more body fat compared to control subjects for both the completer (2.81 vs. 1.62 kg P = 0.03) and responder (3.63 vs. 2.11 kg, P = 0.01) groups. Prolibra subjects lost significantly less lean muscle mass in the responder group (1.07 vs. 2.41 kg, P = 0.02). The ratio of fat to lean loss (kg fat lost/kg lean lost) was much larger for Prolibra subjects for both completer (3.75 vs. 1.05) and responder (3.39 vs. 0.88) groups. CONCLUSION: Subjects in both the control and treatment group lost a significant amount of weight with a 500 calorie reduced diet. Subjects taking Prolibra lost significantly more body fat and showed a greater preservation of lean muscle compared to subjects consuming the control beverage. Because subjects taking Prolibra lost 6.1% of their body fat mass, and because a 5% reduction of body fat mass has been shown to reduce the risk of obesity related disease, the results have practical significance.
Protein intake and nutritional programming: metabolic consequences$$$ According to recent epidemiological evidence, early protein intakes that exceeds metabolic requirements (>15% of energy) may increase weight gain during infancy and the risk of developing obesity in childhood: the so‐called “early protein hypothesis” [1]. A high protein intake, indeed, especially milk's protein [2,3], may enhance the secretion of insulin and insulin‐like growth factor‐I (IGF‐I), associated with increased weight gain during the first 2 years of life, increase of adipocyte differentiation and adipogenic activity [4]. In a large number of studies increased weight gain in infancy and early adiposity rebound have been associated with the development of later obesity [4]. The presence of a positive strong association between early protein intake and increased weight gain in early childhood has been recently demonstrated in the European Childhood Obesity Project (CHOP): a multicenter, double‐blind intervention trial involving both formula fed infants, randomly assigned to receive, during the first year of life, infant and follow‐on formulas with different protein content (high or low), and breastfed infants as control group. This trial showed that both weight‐for‐length and BMI z‐scores were significantly higher in the high protein (HP) compared with the low protein (LP) group at 12 and 24 months [5]. Moreover the body composition analysis at 6 months of life showed that weight gain velocity from baseline to 6 months was significantly associated with fat mass, proving that higher early protein intakes may influence adiposity [6]. Concerning metabolic data, HP group compared with LP group showed higher plasma concentrations of branched chain aminoacids, IGF‐I and insulin at 6 months. Moreover, IGF‐I concentrations have been associated with weight gain in the first 6 months of life [7]. Additionally IGF‐I could partly mediate protein‐induced kidney growth in healthy children [8]. This phenomenon was observed in the HP group: children at 6 months of life showed a significantly greater kidney volume compared with the LP group [9]. However the long‐term consequences of these results should be further evaluated. Lastly it has been recently published that protein content of infant formulas may influence not only the growth pattern in the first two years, but also the risk of developing obesity at school‐age, showing a 2.43 increased risk of obesity at 6 years of age in the HP vs LP group [10]. In conclusion these results suggest that early nutritional intervention programs are needed to avoid negative long‐term consequences on health, especially to prevent “non‐communicable diseases”in adult age.
Dietary intervention and/or probiotic capsules in obese pregnant women and infant growth and feeding at 5 months: healthy mums and babies (humba) trial$$$ Background: Effective interventions are needed in women with obesity to reduce obesity in offspring. Method: 2 x 2 factorial trial in 230 pregnant women with obesity and without diabetes, recruited at 12‐17 weeks$$$ randomised to [A]‐culturally‐tailored multifaceted dietary intervention or [B]‐routine dietary advice$$$ and re‐randomised to [C]‐probiotic (Lactobacillus rhamnosusGG, Bifidobacterium lactisBB12) or [D]‐ placebo capsules. Dietary intervention reduced gestational weight gain by 1.8 kg. At 5‐months, infants underwent anthropometric and PeaPod measures, and caregivers completed feeding and appetite (BEBQ) questionnaires. Results: 161/222 eligible infants were assessed at mean [SD] age 4.9[1.2] months (A = 81$$$B = 80$$$C = 85$$$D = 76). Body size was similar between groups, including length, weight, head/‐ chest/abdominal circumference, BMI, and associated age/sex zscores. Dietary intervention was associated with slightly higher subscapular skinfolds (A = 9.7 mm, B = 8.8 mm, z‐score MD = 0.46, 95%CI 0.07,0.85) but other body composition measures were similar between groups, including triceps/suprailiac skinfolds, arm muscle/fat area, and whole‐body fat/lean mass. Growth in length, weight, and fat and lean mass (conditional SDgain 0‐5 months) was similar between groups. Dietary intervention was associated with lower appetite scores (mean [SD] A = 3.8[1.2], B = 4.1[1.0], MD ‐0.4, 95%CI ‐0.7,‐0.1), increased rates of exclusive/predominant breastfeeding (A = 30% vs B=16%, OR=2.49, 95%CI 1.11,5.58) and continued breastfeeding at 5‐months (A = 67% vs B = 50%, OR=2.33, 95%CI 1.18,4.58). Estimated milk energy intake tended to be lower in the dietary group (A = 272[132] vs B = 315[151] kJ/kg/d, MD ‐46, 95%CI ‐92,1). Conclusions: In pregnant women with obesity, a multifaceted dietary intervention by community health workers appears to have beneficial effects on infant feeding$$$ potential mechanisms may include altered infant appetite. Maternal probiotics did not affect infant growth or feeding.
The effect of probiotic supplementation in head and neck cancer patients on hemogram profile: a randomized pilot study$$$ Introduction It was to analyze the effect of probiotic supplementation in patients with head and neck cancer. Methods Eleven male undergoing radiotherapy and chemotherapy (cisplatin) concomitant with stage 3 to 4 of HNC participated, 9 of them were eligible (48 to 85 yrs old).This pilot study was a double blind randomized control trial. Five patients were randomized in control group (CG) and 4 in the probiotic group (PG), they took skimmed powder milk without lactose and Lactobacillus Acidophilus Bifidobacterium Lactis respectively 500 g each. The supplementation started 5 days before the treatment. Repeated measure ANOVA, Mann‐Whitney U test and Kruskal‐Wallis (p<0.05) were calculated. Results It was observed decreases in the CG for the following variables$$$erythrocytes (p=0.001)$$$hemoglobin (p=0.03)$$$platelets (p=0.018) and$$$hematocrit (p=0.04).Significant increments were observed in the CG for the following variables:creatinine (p=0.032)$$$urea (p=0.008).Leukocytes, lymphocytes, calcium, glucose, aspartate amino transferase and amino transferase had no difference in both groups after probiotic consumption.
The acute effect of chocolate consumption on vascular and cerebrovascular function, cognition and appetite$$$ Introduction: Cocoa contains polyphenols which are thought to be beneficial to specific aspects of human health. However, no previous acute concentration‐response study has assessed the impact of chocolate containing distinct levels of polyphenols on vascular and cerebrovascular function, cognition and appetite. Methods: Using a counterbalanced within‐subject design, twelve healthy postmenopausal women (57.3±5.3 yr) attended a familiarisation session followed by three experimental trials each separated by one week where they consumed energy‐matched chocolate containing 80, 35, and 0% single‐origin cacao in a randomised, counterbalanced design. Outcome measures included cerebral blood flow velocity responses, recorded before and during completion of a computerised cognitive assessment battery (CogState), brachial artery flow‐mediated dilation (FMD), hemodynamic responses (heart rate, blood pressure) and appetite measures of perceived appetite, ad libitum energy intake and appetite‐related hormones. Results: Dark chocolate (80% cocoa) consumption increased brachial FMD compared with pre‐chocolate baseline (P = 0.002), while milk (35%) and white (0%) chocolate incurred no change. Although no intervention had an impact on any of the cognitive domains, both milk (P = 0.02) and dark chocolate (P = 0.003) were associated with significantly lower cerebral blood flow responses during the cognitive tasks, after normalisation for changes in arterial pressure. With regards to appetite, ad libitum energy intake was significantly lower following dark (1355±750 kJ) compared with both milk (1693±969 kJ$$$ P = 0.008) and white (1842±756 kJ$$$ P = 0.001) chocolate consumption. Blood glucose and insulin concentrations were transiently elevated in response to white and milk chocolate consumption compared with the dark chocolate (P < 0.05), while pancreatic polypeptide was elevated in response to higher cocoa content chocolate (dark and milk) compared with white chocolate (P < 0.05). No differences in ghrelin or leptin were observed between conditions (P > 0.05). Discussion: Consumption of chocolate containing high concentrations of cocoa were associated with enhanced vascular endothelial function, reflected by improvements in FMD. Cognitive function outcomes remained unchanged between conditions, however cerebral bloodflowresponses during these cognitive tasks were lower in the milk and dark chocolate conditions, suggesting a change in the relationship between tasks that increase cerebral metabolism and consequential blood flow responses. Higher cocoa concentrated chocolate also attenuates subsequent food intake in postmenopausal women, compared to the impact of lower cocoa concentrated chocolate consumption.
Evaluation of TGF-beta level after supplementation with whey protein concentrate for oral mucositis prophylaxis$$$ Background: Transforming growth factor beta (TGF‐β) present in whey is associated with the control of intestinal inflammation and mucositis. It was previously published by our research group that whey protein concentrate (WPC) reduces the severity and duration of oral mucositis (OM). Therefore, we conducted a randomized trial with WPC supplementation in patients undergoing hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) to assess whether these findings are related to serum TGF‐β level. Methods: A blind randomized study was conducted with patients undergoing HSCT at the UFJF University Hospital between January 2018 and June 2019. Patients received WPC (treatment group) or milk powder (control group) daily starting on the first day of conditioning chemotherapy until the end of neutropenia. Blood samples were collected on the first day of chemotherapy (sample 1) and on the first day of neutropenia (sample 2) in order to determine TGF‐β levels, and the analysis was performed by ELISA with the Human TGF beta1 ELISA Kit (BMS249‐4) from the company INVITROGEN. Samples with undetectable value were excluded. The World Health Organization oral toxicity scale was used to assess the degree of oral mucositis, and adverse events were graded according to the National Cancer Institute criteria. All patients underwent mucositis prevention protocols using low‐intensity laser therapy (1J / cm2). Results: Forty patients were randomized, with no difference between treatment and control groups for the main factors that may influence the occurrence of mucositis. The overall incidence of OM was 57.5% (n = 23). Of these 23 patients 43.5% (n = 10) were supplemented with WPC, and 56.5% (n = 13) were not (p = 0.523). Although without significant statistical difference (p = 0.669), there was twice as much severe oral mucositis in the control group (66.6%, n = 6) in comparison to the patients receiving WPC (33.3%, n = 3). A reduction in TGF‐β levels was observed at neutropenia compared to pre‐supplementation in both groups. There was a trend towards higher TGF‐β in sample 2 of the WPC‐supplemented group (p = 0.079) compared to the control group, which was confirmed by the fact that the reduction in TGF‐β variation between the pre‐supplementation and onset of neutropenia samples was thirteen times greater in the control group, with a mean reduction of 35.38 ng ± 202.38 in the WPC group and 417.70 ng ± 377.05 in the control (p = 0.005). Conclusions: Patients supplemented with WPC had a significantly lower reduction in TGF‐β than the control group at the onset of neutropenia, which probably resulted in twice as much severe OM in patients who did not receive WPC.
Soy compared to casein meal replacement shakes with energy-restricted diets for obese women: randomized controlled trial$$$ Recent studies suggest that obese individuals lose weight more rapidly and lose more total weight with soy protein than with animal protein as a major diet component. The purpose of the present study was to evaluate the weight‐loss efficacy and changes in body composition, waist circumference, blood pressure, and levels of plasma glucose, insulin, serum lipids, C‐reactive protein, and homocysteine from consumption of either 3 soy shakes or 3 casein shakes daily as part of a 16‐week, energy‐restricted diet for obese women. Forty‐three women with body mass index values of 30 to 40 kg/m(2) were randomized to intensive dietary interventions using either casein (n = 21) or soy (n = 22) shakes. Subjects were instructed to consume 3 shakes, 1 prepackaged entrée, and 5 servings of fruits or vegetables daily to achieve an energy intake of 4.5 to 5.0 MJ/d. Subjects attended classes weekly or biweekly. Weight, body fat, lipid, and glucose measurements were obtained at baseline and at 8 and 16 weeks. For both groups combined, subjects lost 8.1% of initial body weight (7.7 kg) at 8 weeks and 13.4% (12.7 kg) at 16 weeks. Weight loss from baseline did not differ significantly by group and, for completing subjects, was 14.0% +/‐ 1.2% (mean +/‐ SE) for casein and 12.8% +/‐ 1.4% for soy. With the intention‐to‐treat analysis, weight losses at 16 weeks were 12.5% +/‐ 1.4% for casein and 11.3% +/‐ 1.2% for soy. Body fat losses were 23.7% +/‐ 2.0% for casein and 21.8% +/‐ 2.4% for soy and did not differ significantly. Both study groups lost significant amounts of weight with a highly structured behavioral program incorporating 4 meal replacements and vegetables and fruits. Differences in weight loss and body composition changes between casein and soy treatments were not significant.
Reduced-fat Gouda-type cheese enriched with vitamin D3 effectively prevents vitamin D deficiency during winter months in postmenopausal women in Greece$$$ Objective: The primary aim of the present study was to examine the effectiveness of daily consumption of vitamin D3‐enriched, reduced‐fat Gouda‐type cheese on 25‐hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) concentration in postmenopausal women. Health‐related quality of life (HRQL) indices were examined as secondary outcomes. Design: This is a single‐blinded (i.e., to study participants), randomized, controlled food‐based dietary intervention study. Methods: A sample of 79 postmenopausal women (55–75 years old) was randomized either to a control group (CG: n = 39) or an intervention group (IG: n = 40) that consumed, as part of their usual diet, 60 g of either non‐enriched or vitamin D3 enriched Gouda‐type cheese, respectively, for eight consecutive weeks (i.e., from January to March 2015). Sixty grams of enriched cheese provided a daily dose of 5.7 μg of vitamin D3. Results: There was a differential response of mean (95 % CI) serum 25(OH)D levels in the IG and CG, with the former increasing and the latter decreasing significantly over the eight weeks of the trial [i.e., by 5.1 (3.4, 6.9) nmol/L vs. −4.6 (−6.4, −2.8) nmol/L, P < 0.001, respectively]. The percentages of study participants with 25(OH)D levels <30 (deficiency) and <50 nmol/L (insufficiency) were significantly higher at follow‐up in the CG compared to the IG (41.0 vs. 0 %, P < 0.001 and 74.4 vs. 47.5 %, P < 0.001, respectively). The emotional well‐being scale of the HRQL score increased in the IG compared to a decrease in the CG (3.2 vs. −3.8, P = 0.028). However, none of the other seven scales of the HRQL score significantly differentiated between study groups (P > 0.1). Conclusions: Consumption of 60 g of vitamin D3‐enriched, reduced‐fat Gouda‐type cheese provided a daily dose of 5.7 μg of additional vitamin D3 and was effective in increasing mean serum 25(OH)D concentration and in counteracting vitamin D deficiency during winter months in postmenopausal women in Greece.
Starting Early Program Impacts on Feeding at Infant 10 Months Age: a Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Background: Disparities in obesity‐promoting feeding patterns begin in pregnancy and infancy, underscoring the need for early primary prevention in high‐risk groups. We sought to determine the impact of a primary care‐based child obesity prevention intervention beginning during pregnancy on maternal infant feeding practices, knowledge, and styles at 10 months in low‐income Hispanic families. Methods: The Starting Early Program (StEP) randomized controlled trial enrolled pregnant women at a third trimester visit. Women (n = 533) were randomized to standard care or an intervention with prenatal/postpartum individual nutrition counseling and nutrition and parenting support groups coordinated with pediatric visits. Feeding practices (breastfeeding, family meals, juice, and cereal in the bottle) were assessed using questions from the Infant Feeding Practices Study II. Feeding styles were assessed using the Infant Feeding Style Questionnaire. We analyzed impacts on feeding practices, knowledge, and styles using regression analyses adjusting for covariates. Results: Four hundred twelve mothers completed 10‐month assessments. Intervention mothers were more likely to give breast milk as the only milk source [adjusted odds ratio (AOR) 1.65, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.06‐2.58] and have daily family meals (AOR 1.91, 95% CI 1.19‐3.05), and less likely to give juice (AOR 0.60, 95% CI 0.39‐0.92) or cereal in the bottle (AOR 0.54, 95% CI 0.30‐0.97) compared to controls. Intervention mothers were more likely to exhibit lower pressuring, indulgent and laissez‐faire feeding styles, and to have higher knowledge. Attending a greater number of group sessions increased intervention impacts. Conclusions: StEP led to reduced obesity‐promoting feeding practices and styles, and increased knowledge and provides great potential for population‐scalability.
The Effects of Using the Baby-Feed Web Application on Diet Quality and Weight Gain in Infants in the Healthcare Setting$$$ Objectives: Nutrition is a key component in early childhood obesity prevention and it is important to develop more tools for healthcare providers and parents that target healthy eating in infants. This study assessed the efficacy of Baby‐Feed, an online tool that easily evaluates infant diet quality and provides immediate feedback to improve feeding practices and weight gain. Methods: Two healthcare providers and 50 parents with infants aged 4–12 months were recruited from a Miami community health center during well‐child visits$$$ 25 were randomized to the intervention (access to Baby‐Feed) and 25 to the control group (no access). All participants completed the Food Frequency Questionnaire (FFQ) validated for infants and reported their infant's weight and length at baseline. The intervention group had access via Baby‐Feed to immediate feedback from the FFQ and discussed the results with their healthcare provider. Baby‐Feed also provided the recommended amounts of each food group (milks, grains, proteins, vegetables, fruits, sugary drinks, and snacks), and the intervention group was asked to track their weekly progress with the recommendations using their cell phones. At the next well‐child visit about 3 months later, all participants completed the FFQ again and reported their infant's weight and length. Diet was assessed by improvements in food group intake and the Diet Quality Index Score (DQIS). Weight‐for‐length z‐score was calculated at each visit and the rate of weight gain was categorized as rapid, healthy, or slow. Results: Forty‐six participants with similar characteristics completed the study (n=23 intervention and n=23 control). Most were mothers (92%), mean age 30.9 years, Hispanic (86%), and WIC participants (86%). The mean age of infants was 8.1 months and 54% were boys. The intervention group had more diet improvements (mean 1.73 vs. 1.00$$$ p=0.018), less negative change in the DQIS (mean −2.95 vs. −7.69$$$ p=0.039), and a higher proportion of infants with a healthy weight gain (95% vs. 58%$$$ p=0.006) compared to the control. Conclusions: Using Baby‐Feed during well‐child visits and in between improved infant diets and the rate of weight gain compared to usual care. This online tool for healthcare providers and parents could be used in a larger‐scale randomized control trial as a tool for early childhood obesity prevention. Funding Sources: The Children's Trust.
The new child food package is associated with reduced obesity risk among formula fed infants participating in the Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants and Children (WIC) in Los Angeles County, California, 2003-2016$$$ Background: The Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants and Children (WIC) changed the food packages provided to its participants in 2009, to better align them with the Dietary Guidelines for Americans. Previous research found that the 2009 WIC food package change was associated with reduced obesity risk, particularly among breastfed infants but also among those who were never breastfed. The objective of this study was to determine if the new child food package introduced in 2009, including more produce and whole grains for 1‐4‐year old children, was associated with healthier growth trajectories and reduced obesity risk at age 4 years among children who were exclusively formula fed during infancy. Methods: Administrative data on WIC‐participating children in Los Angeles County, 2003‐2016, were used (N = 74,871), including repeated measures of weight and length (or height)$$$ child's age, gender, and race/ethnicity$$$ maternal education and language$$$ and family poverty. Gender‐stratified spline mixed models were used to examine weight‐for‐height z‐score (WHZ) growth trajectories from 0 to 4 years and Poisson regression models were used to assess obesity (BMI‐for‐age > 95th percentile) at age 4. The main independent variable was duration of receipt (dose) of the new child package, categorized as 0, > 0 to < 1, 1 to < 2, 2 to < 3, 3 to < 4, and 4 years. Results: WHZ growth trajectories were similar for children across new child package dose groups. Boys and girls who were fully formula fed during infancy but received the new child food package for 4 years had a 7% (RR = 0.93$$$ 95%CI = 0.89‐0.98) and a 6% (RR = 0.94$$$ 95%CI = 0.89‐0.99) lower obesity risk, respectively, compared to children who received the new child food package for 0 years. There were no differences in obesity risk for children receiving < 4 years of the new child package vs. 0 years. Conclusions: Providing healthy foods during childhood to children who were exclusively formula fed as infants was associated with modest improvements in obesity outcomes. While breastfeeding promotion should still be prioritized among WIC participants, providing healthy foods during childhood may provide health benefits to formula fed children, who comprise a sizeable proportion of children served by WIC.
Predictors of Age at Juice Introduction and Associations with Subsequent Beverage Intake in Early and Middle Childhood$$$ BACKGROUND: The American Academy of Pediatrics recommends that if parents choose to introduce juice, they wait until�?12 months, citing concerns of obesity and dental caries. OBJECTIVES: We sought to identify correlates of early juice introduction (<6 months) and determine whether early introduction establishes a pattern of sugary beverage intake in childhood. METHODS: Upstate KIDS is a prospective birth cohort study with follow‐up through 7 years (n�=�4989). The age of juice introduction was assessed from responses on periodic questionnaires from 4‐18 months and categorized as�<6, �6 to <12, and�?12 months. Sociodemographic information was reported using vital records or maternal questionnaires. At 24, 30, and 36 months and 7 years, mothers reported their child's regular juice, soda, water, and milk intakes. The analysis was restricted to singletons and 1 randomly selected twin from each pair with information on juice introduction (n�=�4067). We assessed associations of sociodemographic correlates with juice introduction using Cox proportional hazard models. The relations of juice introduction with beverage intake were evaluated using Poisson or logistic regression for adjusted risk ratios (aRR) or ORs, adjusting for sociodemographic covariates and total beverage intake. RESULTS: Of the mothers, 25% and 74% introduced juice prior to 6 and 12 months, respectively. Younger maternal age$$$ black or Hispanic race/ethnicity$$$ lower educational attainment$$$ Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children participation (yes)$$$ smoking during pregnancy$$$ a higher pre‐pregnancy BMI$$$ a lower household income$$$ and living in a townhouse/condominium or mobile home were associated with earlier juice introduction. Earlier juice introduction was related to a higher childhood juice intake, any soda intake, and lower water intake, holding total beverage intake constant [aRR, 1.5 (95% CI: 1.3‐1.7$$$ P‐trend�<�0.0001)$$$ adjusted OR 1.6 (95% CI: 1.0‐2.4$$$ P‐trend�=�0.01)$$$ aRR 0.9 (95% CI: 0.8‐0.9$$$ P‐trend�<�0.0001), respectively]. CONCLUSIONS: Markers of lower socioeconomic status are strongly associated with earlier juice introduction, which, in turn, relates to sugary beverage intake in childhood, potentially replacing water.
A Fatty Acid Mouth Rinse Decreases Self-Reported Hunger and Increases Self-Reported Fullness in Healthy Australian Adults: a Randomized Cross-Over Trial$$$ Fatty acid (FA) chemoreception in the oral cavity, known as fat taste, may trigger a satiety response that is homologous to FA chemoreception in the gastrointestinal tract. In addition, individuals with an impaired fat taste sensitivity are more likely to have an impaired satiety response. This study aimed to assess the effect of an FA mouth rinse on self‐reported appetite, and to determine if the effect is modified by fat taste sensitivity. Thirty‐one participants (age, 32.0 ± 8.4 y$$$ body mass index (BMI), 26.1 ± 8.1 kg/m2) were studied on four separate days to evaluate the effect of a 20 mM oleic acid (OA) mouth rinse (in duplicate) compared to a control (in duplicate) on self‐reported appetite by using a visual analogue scale (VAS) every 30 min for three hours following a standardized low‐fat breakfast. The area under the curve ratings for fullness were greater (p = 0.003), and those for hunger were lower (p = 0.002) following the OA rinse compared to the control. The effect of the OA rinse was greater in individuals who were hypersensitive to fat taste compared to moderately sensitive and hyposensitive individuals for fullness (p < 0.010) and hunger (p < 0.010) ratings. In summary, an OA mouth rinse decreases self‐reported hunger and increases self‐reported fullness, particularly in those who are more sensitive to fat taste. FA receptors in the oral cavity may be potential targets to regulate appetite.
Effect of dietary interventions during weaning period on parental practice and lipoproteins and vitamin D status in two-year-old children$$$ Objective: Evaluate if a two‐day course for parents on nutrition and applied baby food preparation had an effect on child’s intake of home‐made foods, lipid concentration, and vitamin D status. Design: Randomized controlled trial at age 6 months and follow‐up at ages 15 and 24 months. Setting: Four health care clinics in Kristiansand, Norway. Subjects: Thirty‐nine pairs of 6‐month‐old children and their parents in the intervention group and 20 pairs in the control group. Results: At age 15 months, the intervention group had lower intakes of ready‐made porridge (2.0 vs. 5.8 servings per week (p < 0.05)), lower intake of canned baby food (2.9 vs. 6.3 servings per week (p < 0.05)) and higher intakes of home‐made porridge (4.8 servings vs. 0.9 servings per week (p < 0.001)) compared with the control group. The intervention group had higher HDL cholesterol concentrations at 2 years than the control group, 1.08 mol/l compared to 0.89 mol/l (p < 0.05). Conclusions: This is the first study to show that providing dietary information and applied baby food preparation to parents during the weaning period may have impact on the children’s diet at 15 and 24 months and improve their lipid profile. Our results call for studies with more power and longer follow‐up.
Are Low-Income, Diverse Mothers Able to Meet Breastfeeding Intentions After 2 Months of Breastfeeding?$$$ Background: Little is known about intended breastfeeding duration of women who initiate breastfeeding. We describe the association between intended and actual breastfeeding duration among low‐income, diverse mothers who report maintaining breastfeeding for the first 2 months postpartum. Materials and Methods: We included mothers (64% Hispanic, 17% non‐Hispanic black) participating in Greenlight, a cluster randomized childhood obesity prevention trial, who were providing breast milk at the 2‐month preventive service visit and reported intended breastfeeding duration at this visit. Breastfeeding status was assessed at subsequent visits, up to 24 months. Poisson regression with a robust variance estimator was used to estimate risk ratios and 95% confidence intervals for meeting breastfeeding intentions. Covariates included race/ethnicity, income, receiving benefits from the Special Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program for Women, Infants and Children (WIC), education, age, employment, depression, maternal obesity, U.S. born, whether infant was first born, and study site. Results: Median intended breastfeeding duration was 11.5 months (interquartile range [IQR]: 6‐12) and median actual breastfeeding duration was 8.6 months (IQR: 4‐14) (n = 349). Approximately half (49%) met intended breastfeeding duration. Breastfeeding duration differed based on milk type provided at the 2‐month visit in that mothers providing mostly or only breast milk had increased likelihood of meeting breastfeeding intentions. Regardless of milk type provided at 2 months, the longer a mother intended to breastfeed, the less likely she was to meet her breastfeeding intentions. Conclusions: In this diverse sample of women less than half met breastfeeding intentions despite maintaining breastfeeding for 2 months. Understanding factors that prevent mothers from attaining intended breastfeeding duration is critical to improving breastfeeding outcomes, especially in low income and ethnic minority populations.
Food Insecurity During Pregnancy and Breastfeeding by Low-Income Hispanic Mothers$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Pregnancy, infancy, and toddlerhood are sensitive times in which families are particularly vulnerable to household food insecurity and when disparities in child obesity emerge. Understanding obesity‐promoting infant‐feeding beliefs, styles, and practices in the context of food insecurity could better inform both food insecurity and child obesity prevention interventions and policy guidelines. METHODS: We performed purposive sampling of low‐income Hispanic mothers (n = 100) with infants in the first 2 years of life, all of whom were participants in a randomized controlled trial of an early child obesity prevention intervention called the Starting Early Program. Bilingual English‐Spanish interviewers conducted semistructured qualitative interviews, which were audio recorded, transcribed, and translated. By using the constant comparative method, transcripts were coded through an iterative process of textual analysis until thematic saturation was reached. RESULTS: Three key themes emerged: (1) contributors to financial strain included difficulty meeting basic needs, job instability, and high vulnerability specific to pregnancy, infancy, and immigration status$$$ (2) effects on infant feeding included decreased breastfeeding due to perceived poor maternal diet, high stress, and limiting of healthy foods$$$ and (3) coping strategies included both home‐ and community‐level strategies. CONCLUSIONS: Stakeholders in programs and policies to prevent poverty‐related disparities in child obesity should consider and address the broader context by which food insecurity is associated with contributing beliefs, styles, and practices. Potential strategies include addressing misconceptions about maternal diet and breast milk adequacy, stress management, building social support networks, and connecting to supplemental nutrition assistance programs.
Novel Infant Formula Enriched With Alpha-Lactalbumin Increases Available Tryptophan and Improves Sleep Outcomes$$$ Background: Sleep is crucial during the first year of life, as it supports infant health and development and is associated with cognitive function, behavior, and future obesity risk. Tryptophan, as a precursor to serotonin, is influential in the sleep‐wake cycle, and studies in infants and adults have shown that increasing tryptophan intake can improve sleep outcomes. Tryptophan must pass through the blood‐brain barrier in competition with other large neutral amino acids (LNAA). Therefore, the serum ratio of tryptophan to LNAA functions as an indicator of brain tryptophan concentrations. Alpha‐lactalbumin has the highest tryptophan to LNAA ratio of all food‐derived proteins. Studies have shown that consumption of alpha‐lactalbumin increases ratios of tryptophan to LNAA and may improve sleep outcomes in infants. Given these findings, it was hypothesized that the enrichment of a novel infant formula with alpha‐lactalbumin would improve sleep outcomes. Methods: This IRB approved, randomized, double‐blind, multi‐center trial included healthy, term infants, birth weight of ≥ 2500 g, age ≤ 14 d, fifth to 95th percentile of WHO Growth Standards. Infants were randomized to receive either the study formula (ByHeart, Inc.) enriched with alpha‐lactalbumin (SF) or an isoenergetic formula with identical total protein content without alpha‐lactalbumin enrichment (CF). Three‐day formula intake records were completed every 4 weeks for 24 weeks. Parents reported date, start time of each feed, and amount consumed for 3 consecutive 24‐hour periods. Blood was drawn at 16 weeks of life in a subgroup of infants without any complementary food intake, and serum amino acids were analyzed. The ratio of tryptophan to LNAA (including leucine, isoleucine, valine, tyrosine, and phenylalanine) was calculated and compared between SF and CF using Wilcoxon rank‐sum test. Repeated measures mixed models with an unstructured covariance matrix were fit with continuous outcome and study group, visit and their interaction as predictors, adjusted for sex, age at enrollment and site to evaluate number of night feedings and time between feeds. Results: 124 infants were included in the sleep analysis (61 in SF group, 67 in CF group), and a subgroup of 49 infants were included in the amino acid analysis (21 in the SF group, 28 in the CF group). At 16 weeks, the number of night feeds was lower in the study formula group versus the comparator formula group (mean 1.2 versus 1.5, mean difference ‐0.3 (95% CI: ‐0.6, 0.0)$$$ p = 0.04). For time between feeds, significant group differences were observed at week 16, where the time between feeds was greater in the study formula group versus the comparator formula group (18 minutes (95% CI 0, 35), p = 0.04). The ratio of tryptophan to large neutral amino acids (LNAA) concentration was higher in the SF group (0.146 ± 0.026) compared to the CF group (0.130 ± 0.018$$$ p = 0.007). There was a significant positive correlation between tryptophan:LNAA ratio and time between feeds at week 16 (Pearson correlation ρ = 0.42, p = 0.004$$$ n = 45). Conclusion: At 16 weeks, infant who consumed the study formula, enriched with alpha‐lactalbumin, had a higher tryptophan:LNAA ratio, indicating more available tryptophan. Clinically, these infants had significantly fewer nighttime feeds and a longer duration between feeds, possibly indicating improved sleep quality.
Impact of phenylketonuria type meal on appetite, thermic effect of feeding and postprandial fat oxidation$$$ Background: Dietary management of phenylketonuria (PKU) requires the replacement of natural protein‐containing foods with special low protein foods. The effect of a PKU type diet on factors contributing to energy balance requires investigation. Objective: To investigate the impact of a PKU type meal on appetite ratings, gut appetite hormones, thermic effect of feeding (TEF) and fat oxidation. Methods: Twenty‐three healthy adults (mean ± SD age: 24.3 ± 5.1 years$$$ BMI: 22.4 ± 2.5 kg/m2) participated in a randomized, crossover design study. Each participant conducted two (PKU and Control) experimental trials which involved consumption of a PKU type meal and protein substitute drink or an isocaloric and weight matched ordinary meal and protein‐enriched milk. Appetite, metabolic rate, fat oxidation measurements and blood collections were conducted for the duration of 300 min. On the completion of the measurements ad libitum buffet dinner was served. Results: Responses of appetite ratings, plasma concentrations of GLP‐1 and PYY (P > 0.05, trial effect, two‐way ANOVA) and energy intake during ad libitum buffet dinner (P > 0.05, paired t‐test) were not significantly different between the two trials. The TEF (PKU, 10.2 ± 1.5%$$$ Control, 13.2 ± 1.0%) and the total amount of fat oxidized (PKU, 18.90 ± 1.10 g$$$ Control, 22.10 ± 1.10 g) were significantly (P < 0.05, paired t‐tests) lower in the PKU than in the Control trial. The differences in TEF and fat oxidation were significant (P < 0.05, paired t‐tests) for the post‐meal period. Conclusions: Consumption of a meal composed of special low protein foods has no detrimental impact on appetite and appetite hormones but produces a lower TEF and postprandial fat oxidation than an ordinary meal. These metabolic alterations may contribute to the increased prevalence of obesity reported in patients with PKU on contemporary dietary management. Clinical trial registration: The trial has been registered in ClinicalTrials as NCT02440932.
The Latino Tienda as food oasis not food desert$$$ Residents in Latino neighborhoods may feel they are living in a food “desert with limited access to healthy, affordable, and nutritious foods. In fact, some research suggests customers will shop at large chain supermarkets that offer perceived better quality, greater variety, and lower prices for foods if they can. Poor diet, limited access to healthy foods, and low fruit and vegetable intakes increase chronic disease risk and obesity among low‐income groups, including Latinos. However, few studies have examined the contents of Latino markets or tiendas. Unlike chain grocery stores, tiendas rarely have computerized records of their inventory, and little research has looked at what they actually sell. The study purpose was to describe the availability of different culturally specific food types in tiendas around Iowa ‐ a state with a burgeoning Hispanic or Latino population. Using the Latino Nutrition Environment Measures Survey for Stores (NEMS‐S), trained research staff assessed food availability in 37 randomly selected Latino grocery stores of the 76 in Iowa. Beyond completing the NEMS‐S assessment, raters recorded information on up to five additional items in a food category such as canned fruits. For fruits and vegetables they noted different varieties available, e.g. names of different apples, and brand names based on descending order of shelf space. We pooled three waves of data collection from a 2‐week period from each store for analysis to reduce variability based on time of stocking or deliveries. Data were collected between June and August 2016. Shelf availability of milk, eggs, fresh fruits and vegetables, beefsteak, chicken, fish, beverages, tortillas, canned and dry beans, rice, canned fruit and vegetables, canned fish, and cooking oils were recorded. We did not collect information on produce used as garnish or seasoning in foods. All of the 37 tiendas sold: fruit nectars, Coca Cola®, canned beans, and corn tortillas. Fresh fruits commonly found in most stores were: plantains 81% (30/37), oranges 79% (29/37), mango 76% (28/37), and bananas 57% (21/37). Strawberries, honeydew melon, and plums were found in less than 5% (2/37). The most frequently found fresh vegetables were: tomatoes 97% (36/37), onions 95% (34/37), tomatillos and chiles 92% (34/37). Potatoes, squash, and cacti were present in 89% (33/37). Spinach was not found in any tienda, and broccoli and cauliflower were found in 5% (2/37). Although a great variety of fresh produce and meats were available, some other healthier options were less evident on the shelves. Only 14% (5/37) of the tiendas stocked brown rice and 100% juice. Low‐fat milk was found in 11% (4/37) of the tiendas. By knowing the food availability in the tiendas, public health and extension outreach agencies should promote these stores to nearby residents, and educate store owners to stock healthy products for a win‐win in Latino communities.
Neonatal Birthweight, Infant Feeding, and Childhood Metabolic Markers$$$ Objective Antenatal and early neonatal nutritional environment may influence later metabolic health. Infants of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have higher risk for childhood obesity and metabolic syndrome (MetS). Leptin and adiponectin are known biomarkers for MetS and may guide interventions to reduce later obesity. We sought to examine the relationship between birthweight, early infancy feeding practices, and biomarkers for MetS in offspring of women with mild GDM. Study Design Secondary analysis of a prospective observational follow‐up study on the offspring of women who participated in a multicenter randomized treatment trial on mild GDM. Children were evaluated by research coordinators and biospecimens collected at the age of 5 to 10. Plasma concentrations of leptin and adiponectin were compared between large for gestational age (LGA) and average birthweight (AGA) infants, and according to whether solid foods were introduced early (<6 months of age) or at the recommended age (≥6 months of age). Multivariable analysis adjusted for fetal sex, race/ethnicity, and maternal body mass index. Results Leptin and adiponectin were measured in 336 plasma samples. In bivariate analysis, compared with AGA children, LGA children had lower leptin (5.0 ng/mL [3.6‐6.0] vs. 5.8 ng/mL [4.5 = 6.6], p = 0.01) and similar adiponectin (6.3 μg/mL [5.1‐7.9] vs. 6.4 μg/mL [5.3‐8.6], p = 0.49) concentrations. Maternal/child characteristics were similar between the early/delayed solid feeding groups. Leptin and adiponectin concentrations were similar in the early fed and delayed feeding groups (5.8 ng/mL [4.6‐6.7] vs. 5.6 ng/mL [4.2‐6.6], p = 0.50 and 6.4 μg/mL [5.4‐8.1] vs. 6.4 μg/mL [5.1‐8.8], p = 0.85, respectively). After controlling for covariates, children who were LGA and AGA at birth had similar leptin concentrations. Conclusion Birthweight and early infancy feeding practice are not associated with alterations in leptin and adiponectin in children of women with mild GDM. Key Points Adipocytokines are markers of metabolic status. Children of women with mild GDM may be at risk for MetS. Biomarkers similar in LGA and AGA groups. Biomarkers similar in early and delayed solid‐fed groups. Nonhuman milk does not modify effect of feeding practice.
Nutrition Society of New Zealand Annual Conference$$$ The proceedings contain 75 papers. The topics discussed include: sustained olive leaf phenolic consumption in humans and health benefits$$$ transcriptomic profiling and mechanisms of action$$$ fluoride intakes in pregnant women in Palmerstone north, New Zealand$$$ the relationship between vitamin d status and allergic diseases in New Zealand preschool children$$$ lean mass significantly predicts bone health in pre‐menopausal Pacific island women living in New Zealand$$$ marginal ascorbate status (hypovitaminosis c) results in an attenuated response to supplementation$$$ impact of a baby‐led approach to complementary feeding on iron status at 12 months of age: a randomised controlled trial$$$ how do the eating habits and diet quality of pacific youth living in New Zealand contribute to their risk of developing obesity?$$$ medium chain triglyceride oil (MCT oil), a placebo with unexpected adverse effects$$$ a history of nutrition and war: from ancient china to gallipoli and beyond$$$ nutrition and gut inflammation‐lessons from inflammatory bowel disease$$$ how does the policy context affect the implementation of the national healthy start workforce project (HSWP)?$$$ the link between breast milk, infant faecal and maternal faecal microbiota$$$ and the effect of vitamin D on chronic plaque psoriasis: a randomised, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled supplementation trial.
Intentions, practices, and representations regarding breastfeeding among mothers experiencing social disadvantage: findings from the qualitative component of the ECAIL trial$$$ Introduction: The PrEgnanCy and eArly childhood nutrItion triaL (ECAIL$$$ Clinicaltrials.gov NCT03003117) is currently being conducted among families experiencing social disadvantage. It primarily aims at assessing the effectiveness of a multi‐behavioural intervention combining nutritional support and the facilitation of access to appropriate foods to promote healthy lifestyle behaviours and prevent obesity risk in young children. Pregnant women are recruited during their prenatal care at two main hospital maternity wards in northern France, then followed by dietitians at home until the child's second birthday. Given the scarcity of studies conducted in such underprivileged populations, the aim here was to explore the mothers' intentions, practices, and representations regarding breastfeeding. Methods: Semi‐structured interviews were conducted on a voluntary basis with 30 mothers participating in the trial. These interviews took place at the participants' homes, lasted on average 68 minutes (range 36 to 169 minutes) and were scheduled when the child was 18 to 24 months old. The interview guide covered various themes, including intentions regarding breastfeeding, practices, and associated representations. The interviews were conducted until data saturation was achieved, and once recorded, were transcribed and coded using NVivo software by a researcher in psychosocial sciences (DP). Results: Nearly all participants (29/30) had intended to breastfeed their child. Regarding actual practices, 3 participants did not breastfeed, whereas 3 others were still breastfeeding at the time of the interview. Mothers who did not breastfeed mentioned a lack of milk as the main obstacle to initiating this practice. Having breastfed previous children in the past contributed to the success of breastfeeding. However, the return to work was a major obstacle to the continuation of breastfeeding, leading mothers to breastfeed for a shorter duration than they would have ideally wished. Participants cited the bond with the child and financial savings among the benefits of breastfeeding. Because breastfeeding was considered a natural mode of feeding, breast milk was perceived as suitable in terms of nutritional composition for the child's needs. Among the drawbacks to breastfeeding according to mothers was that it required their constant presence, creating a dependency relationship with the child and a feeling that their body no longer belonged to them entirely. Mothers also mentioned the pain associated with cracked nipples and engorgement, along with the resulting fatigue. Conclusion: This qualitative study sheds light on obstacles and facilitators regarding breastfeeding practices, with some appearing to be more specific to the context of deprivation in which the mothers live. Further investigations are needed to determine the extent to which intentions, practices and representations are moderated by socio‐economic, socio‐demographic or socio‐cultural traits of the participants. These findings will be valuable to guide tailored interventions supporting breastfeeding in diverse contexts while considering the specific realities of women experiencing social disadvantage .
The relationship between persistent organic pollutants in maternal and neonatal tissues and immune responses to allergens: a novel exploratory study$$$ BACKGROUND: Modern persistent organic pollutants (POPs) contamination are logical candidates in the investigation of the, as yet, unexplained association between allergic disease and progressive industrialisation. POPs have been detected in human cord blood, placental tissues and breast milk, and the reported association between cord blood IgE levels and cord/placental POP levels has raised concerns about potential immunological effects in early life. METHODS: The initial aim of this study was to determine if POPs were detectable in maternal blood, cord blood, placental tissues, adipose tissue and breast milk samples from randomly selected Western Australian women (n = 31), where allergic disease is epidemic. Gas chromatography was used to detect polychlorinated biphenyl compounds [PCBs] (as Aroclor 1232, 1254, 1260) and organochlorine (OC) pesticides, including p,p'‐DDT, p,p'‐DDE, hexachlorobenzene (HCB), lindane, heptachlor epoxide, dieldrin and chlordane. Secondly, we assessed the relationship between POP levels detected in vivo and maternal and neonatal responses (cytokine and lymphoproliferation) to allergens and mitogens. RESULTS: Low level POP contamination was detected in adipose tissue and breast milk (but not in cord blood, maternal blood or placental tissues). The most ubiquitous compound found in over 90% of adipose tissues samples was a OC metabolite of DDT, p,p'‐DDE (median 0.07 mg/kg$$$ interquartile range [IQR] 0.05‐0.12). However, the majority of other OC compounds were not detectable and PCB were not detectable in any samples. The three main residues detected in breast milk were p,p'‐DDE (0.003 mg/l$$$ 0.001‐0.009), dieldrin (0.001 mg/l$$$ 0.001‐0.046) and HCB (0.001 mg/l$$$ 0.001‐0.001). These levels are significantly lower than reported over 20 years ago. There were no consistent relationships between POP levels in vivo and maternal or infant responses, with the exception of a significant inverse association (Spearman rank correlation: r = ‐0.406, p = 0.049) between maternal adipose tissue levels of OC p,p'‐DDE and maternal T helper cell Type 1 interferon [IFN] gamma to mitogens. CONCLUSION: This study provides the first evidence (in Australia) since the early 1990's that adipose OC levels have continued to fall. The negligible levels in this randomly selected group are significantly lower than those previously recorded, suggesting that POP contamination (at biologically relevant levels) is not likely to be a major contributing factor in the increasing rates of allergy in Western Australia. However, the relationship between Th1 immune function and OC contamination is consistent with other reports and is worth investigating as a relevant factor in populations where OC contamination is greater.
Modifications to Infant Formula Instructions Improve the Accuracy of Formula Dispensing$$$ Readability of infant formula preparation instructions is universally poor, which may result in inaccurate infant feeding. Given that inaccurate formula dispensing can lead to altered infant growth and increased adiposity, there is an increased need for easy to follow instructions for formula preparation. We hypothesize that altering infant formula instruction labels using feedback from iterative focus groups will improve the preparation accuracy of powdered infant formula in a randomized controlled trial. Participants were recruited from the community, 18 years of age or older, willing to disclose demographic information for focus group matching, and willing to participate freely in the first (n = 21) or second (n = 150) phase of the study. In the second phase, participants were randomized to use the standard manufacturer instructions or to use the modified instructions created in the first phase. Accuracy was defined as the percent error between manufacturer‐intended powder formula quantity and the amount dispensed by the participant. Participants who were assigned to the modified instructions were able to dispense the powdered formula more accurately than participants who used the standard manufacturer instructions (‐0.67 ± 0.76 vs. ‐4.66 ± 0.74% error$$$ p < 0.0001). Accuracy in powdered formula dispensing was influenced by bottle size (p = 0.02) but not by body mass index (p = 0.17), education level (p = 0.75), income (p = 0.7), age (p = 0.89) or caregiver status (p = 0.18). Percent error of water measurement was not different between the groups (standard: ‐1.4 ± 0.6 vs. modified: 0.7 ± 0.6%$$$ p = 0.38). Thus, caloric density was more accurate in the modified instructions group compared to the standard manufacturer instructions group (‐0.3 ± 0.6 vs.‐2.9 ± 0.9%$$$ p = 0.03). Infant formula label modifications using focus group feedback increased infant formula preparation accuracy.
Short-, medium-and long-term metabolic responses of adult meat ewes subjected to nutritional and β-adrenergic challenges$$$ Shortage and refeeding situations lead to switches in metabolic pathways induced by undernutrition and body energy reserve (BR) replenishment cycles. In a 122‐d experiment, 36 adult Merinos d’Arles ewes were chosen and first accustomed to diet ingredients (i.e., wheat straw, pelleted alfalfa and sugar beet pulp) and the facility environment for 22 d. Then, ewes were randomly assigned to one of three “diet challenge” treatments during 50 d, (control, underfed and overfed$$$ 12 ewes each) corresponding to 100%, 70% or 160% of energy requirements allowances, respectively. Then, a “refeeding challenge” was applied the last 50 d (i.e., diets adjusted with the same ingredients). An individual monitoring of body weight (BW), body condition score (BCS) and energy metabolism was carried out. The last day, a “ß‐adrenergic challenge” was applied. Anabolic or catabolic responses were accompanied by synchronized metabolic regulations, leading to contrasting metabolic and BR profiles. Average BW and BCS were higher and lower in overfed and underfed ewes, respectively, which was proportional to lower and higher BR mobilization dynamics. Higher plasma free fatty acids (FFA) were accompanied by lower blood insulin, leptin and glucose levels. After refeeding, a rebound in BW and BCS were observed, and FFA were drastically reduced in underfed ewes. No differences were detected in plasma FFA at the end of the study, but the lipolytic activity was different and contrasted with the adipose tissue mass.
Dolphin-1: dolutegravir vs efavirenz when initiating treatment in late pregnancy$$$ Background: Initiation of ART in the 3rd trimester of pregnancy is associated with adverse outcomes and increased vertical transmission of HIV. DolPHIN‐1 (NCT02245022) is a randomised trial of EFV or DTG plus 2NRTIs in pregnant women initiating ART between 28‐36w of gestation in Uganda and South Africa. This scheduled interim review was undertaken after the first 16 mothers delivered. The primary endpoint was pharmacokinetics (PK) of DTG$$$ secondary endpoints included VL responses, safety and tolerability of DTG, and placental/breast milk transfer of DTG. Methods: Eligible, consenting mothers were randomised 1:1 to EFV or DTG arms. To comply with national guidelines, EFV‐containing ART was initiated on the day of referral. Subjects randomized to DTG were switched from EFV within 7 days. Demographic, serial clinical and laboratory data and birth outcome data were collected. VL responses were collected at baseline, 14d and 28d, as well as post‐partum. All infants were exclusively breastfed. Intensive PK sampling (0‐24h) was performed at 14d on DTG, and 2w postpartum. Results: Of the 16 subjects who delivered, 8 each received DTG or EFV. Median baseline VL was log 4.15 (range 2.43‐6.07) copies/mL and similar between arms. PK data in 3rd trimester are shown (Table 1). The proportion of VL reported as less than 50 copies or undetectable at 2 weeks and at 4 weeks of therapy was 5/8 and 4/8 in mothers on DTG, and 1/5 and 2/7 in mothers on EFV, respectively. At 2 weeks post‐partum 5/6 and 4/7 mothers on DTG, and EFV respectively had VL less than 50 copies. Two mothers in the DTG arm were withdrawn for virological failure$$$ the first had no detectable drug in plasma and was non‐adherent, the second had evidence of 3 class drug resistance (RT and protease mutations)$$$ no women were withdrawn from the EFV arm. Both regimens were well‐tolerated. A total of 4 SAE's were reported: DTG arm: 1 G3 elevation in liver function tests (possibly drug related, concomitant herbal use recorded) with stillbirth in the same mother (tight cord around the neck, deemed unrelated to study drug)$$$ EFV arm: 1 G3 hypertension, 1 baby with polydactyly. Conclusion: This planned interim assessment suggests DTG appears to be well‐tolerated and effective when initiated in late pregnancy. PK findings are consistent with other studies and suggest that dosing of DTG at 50mg once‐daily appears appropriate in third trimester. The study continues, with a definitive efficacy study (DolPHIN‐2) in development. (Table Presented).
312: factors associated with formula feeding among late preterm neonates$$$ Objective: Late preterm births (delivery at 34 to 36 wks) account for nearly three‐quarters of the preterm births and among them there is a knowledge gap about an important aspect of infant care: Breast vs. formula feeding. The aim of this study was to assess factors associated with exclusive formula feeding in late preterm neonates. Study Design: This was a secondary analysis of a multicenter randomized trial of antenatal corticosteroids for women at risk for late preterm birth. All women with a singleton pregnancy that delivered at 34.0 to 36.6 weeks were included. Women with no information on neonatal feeding or known fetal anomalies were excluded. The outcome evaluated was the type of neonatal feeding during hospital stay. Maternal and neonatal characteristics were compared among women who initiated breast vs formula feeding. Adjusted relative risks (aRR) for formula feeding with 95% confidence intervals (CI) were calculated. Results: Of the 2831 women in the parent trial, 2329 (82%) women met inclusion criteria and among them 696 (30%) were formula feeding. After multivariable regression, the following characteristics were associated with increased risk of formula feeding: maternal age < 20 (aRR 1.47 95%CI 1.20‐1.80) or ≥35 (aRR 1.19 95%CI 1.02‐1.40), unmarried status (aRR 1.39 95%CI 1.20‐1.60), government assisted insurance (aRR 1.41 95%CI 1.16‐1.70), chronic hypertension (aRR 1.19 95%CI 1.01‐1.40), smoking (aRR 1.51 95%CI 1.31‐1.74), cesarean delivery (aRR 1.16 95%CI 1.03‐1.32) and admission to neonatal intensive care unit (aRR 1.3195%CI 1.16‐1.48). Hispanic ethnicity (aRR 0.78 95%CI 0.64‐0.94), education >12 years (aRR 0.81 95%CI 0.69‐0.96) and nulliparity (aRR 0.71 95%CI 0.62‐0.82) were associated with reduced risk for formula feeding. Conclusion: In this geographically diverse, cohort of high‐risk deliveries, 3 out 10 late preterm newborns did not benefit from breastfeeding. Women at risk for utilizing formula may benefit from evidence‐based interventions to increase the rate of breastfeeding among late preterm neonates. [Formula presented] [Formula presented]
Factors Associated with Formula Feeding among Late Preterm Neonates$$$ OBJECTIVE:  Late preterm births (delivery at 34‐36 weeks) account for nearly three quarters of the preterm births and among them there is a knowledge gap about an important aspect of infant care: breast versus formula feeding. The aim of this study was to assess factors associated with formula feeding in late preterm neonates. STUDY DESIGN:  Secondary analysis of a multicenter randomized trial of antenatal corticosteroids for women at risk for late preterm birth. All women with a singleton pregnancy who delivered at 340/7 to 366/7 weeks were included. Women with no information on neonatal feeding or known fetal anomalies were excluded. The outcome evaluated was the type of neonatal feeding during hospital stay. Maternal and neonatal characteristics were compared among women who initiated breast versus formula feeding. Adjusted relative risks (aRRs) for formula feeding with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated. RESULTS:  Of the 2,831 women in the parent trial, 2,329 (82%) women met inclusion criteria and among them, 696 (30%) were formula feeding. After multivariable regression, the following characteristics were associated with an increased risk of formula feeding: maternal age < 20 years (aRR: 1.47, 95% CI: 1.20‐1.80) or ≥35 years (aRR: 1.19, 95% CI: 1.02‐1.40), never married status (aRR: 1.39, 95% CI: 1.20‐1.60), government‐assisted insurance (aRR: 1.41, 95% CI: 1.16‐1.70), chronic hypertension (aRR: 1.19, 95% CI: 1.01‐1.40), smoking (aRR: 1.51, 95% CI: 1.31‐1.74), cesarean delivery (aRR: 1.16, 95% CI: 1.03‐1.32), and admission to neonatal intensive care unit (aRR: 1.31, 95% CI: 1.16‐1.48). Hispanic ethnicity (aRR: 0.78, 95% CI: 0.64‐0.94), education >12 years (aRR: 0.81, 95% CI 0.69‐0.96), and nulliparity (aRR 0.71, 95% CI: 0.62‐0.82) were associated with a reduced risk for formula feeding. CONCLUSION:  In this geographically diverse cohort of high‐risk deliveries, 3 out 10 late preterm newborns were formula fed. Smoking cessation was a modifiable risk factor that may diminish the rate of formula feeding among late preterm births. KEY POINTS: · Three of ten late preterm do not benefit from breastfeeding.. · Demographic characteristics are associated with type of feeding.. · Smoking cessation may improve the rate of breastfeeding..
Effect of whole soy and purified daidzein on ambulatory blood pressure and endothelial function-a six-month randomized controlled trial among chinese equol-producing postmenopausal women with prehypertension or untreated early hypertension$$$ Objective: Although observational studies suggest soy foods or isoflavones are cardio‐protective, clinical trials on whole soy or isoflavone daidzein (one major isoflavone and also the precursor of equol) on blood pressure (BP) and endothelial function are few and have not been specifically conducted among equol producers,a population most likely to benefit from soy treatment. Methods: We performed a 6‐month double‐blind, randomized, placebo‐controlled trial to examine the effect of whole soy (soy flour) or purified daidzein on BP, endothelial function and other cardiovascular risk factors in 270 prehypertensive or untreated hypertensive postmenopausal women verified to be equol‐producers. Eligible women were randomized to either one of the three treatment groups: 40g soy flour (whole soy group), 40g low‐fat milk powder +63mg daidzein (daidzein group) or 40g low‐fat milk powder (placebo group) daily, each given as a solid beverage for 6 months. The primary outcome measures were 24h ambulatory BP and endothelial function assessed by ultrasound determined brachial flow mediated dilation. Results: Total 253 subjects completed the study according to the protocol. Urinary isoflavones indicated a good compliance to the interventions. Intention to treat and per‐protocol analysis indicated that there was no significant difference in the 6‐month changes or % changes in parameters of ambulatory BP and brachial flow mediated dilation among the 3 treatment groups. A further subgroup analysis among hypertensive women (n=138) did not alter the conclusions. Conclusion: Whole soy and purified daidzein had no significant effect on BP and vascular function among equol producing postmenopausal women with prehypertension or untreated hypertension.
A food-based dietary strategy lowers blood pressure in a low socio-economic setting: a randomised study in South Africa$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess the impact of a food‐based intervention on blood pressure (BP) in free‐living South African men and women aged 50‐75 years, with drug‐treated mild‐to‐moderate hypertension. METHODS: A double‐blind controlled trial was undertaken in eighty drug‐treated mild‐to‐moderate hypertensive subjects randomised to an intervention (n 40) or control (n 40) arm. The intervention was 8‐week provision of six food items with a modified cation content (salt replacement (SOLO ), bread, margarine, stock cubes, soup mix and a flavour enhancer) and 500 ml of maas (fermented milk)/d. The control diet provided the same quantities of the targeted foods but of standard commercial composition and 500 ml/d of artificially sweetened cooldrink. FINDINGS: The intervention effect estimated as the contrast of the within‐diet group changes in BP from baseline to post‐intervention was a significant reduction of 6.2 mmHg (95 % CI 0.9, 11.4) for systolic BP. The largest intervention effect in 24 h BP was for wake systolic BP with a reduction of 5.1 mmHg (95 % CI 0.4, 9.9). For wake diastolic BP the reduction was 2.7 mmHg (95 % CI ‐0.2, 5.6). CONCLUSIONS: Modification of the cation content of a limited number of commonly consumed foods lowers BP by a clinically significant magnitude in treated South African hypertensive patients of low socio‐economic status. The magnitude of BP reduction provides motivation for a public health strategy that could be adopted through lobbying of the food industry by consumer and health agencies.
Effect of Foot Reflexology and Benson Relaxation on Pain, Breastfeeding and Weight of Neonates of Women Undergoing a Cesarean Section$$$ Background: Given the negative effect of postoperative pharmacological pain control on breastfeeding, the present study aimed to compare the effects of reflexology and Benson relaxation methods on pain, breastfeeding, and infant weight gain in women undergoing a cesarean section (C/S). Methods: This randomized clinical trial was conducted on 135 women undergoing a C/S in the Gynecology Ward of Bushehr Persian Gulf Martyrs Hospital in Bushehr, Iran, in 2020. The participants were selected using convenience sampling, and randomly divided into three groups of foot reflexology, Benson relaxation, and control. The interventions were performed two hours post‐operation and six hours after the first intervention. The pain score was measured and recorded immediately, and 30 and 60 minutes after each intervention. Breastfeeding frequency and duration were also assessed in the first 18 hours of birth. The infants’ weight was assessed at birth and 10 days later. Data analysis was performed using inferential statistics, chi‐square or Fisher’s exact test, Kruskal‐Wallis test, Mann‐Whitney U or one‐way ANOVA, Wilcoxon test and logistic regression analysis. Results: There was a larger decrease in the pain score of the reflexology and Benson relaxation (P<0.01) groups after the first and second interventions, compared to the control group. The breastfeeding frequency was higher in the two intervention groups, compared to the control group (P<0.001). Furthermore, the rate of return to the birth weight in ten days of birth was higher in the reflexology (P<0.01) and Benson groups (P<0.05) than the control group. Conclusion: Both the reflexology and the Benson relaxation methods effectively decreased pain and increased breastfeeding frequency and the infant’s weight gain.
The efficiency of cabergoline vs pyridoxine for lactation inhibition-a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Some mothers may seek lactation inhibition on personal, social, or medical grounds. The common drug used for lactation inhibition is cabergoline. Several adverse effects and contraindications are known for this drug. Its use is contraindicated for patients with hypertensive disorders and fibrotic, cardiac, or hepatic diseases. In addition, pyridoxine (vitamin B6) has been used for this indication, with no significant adverse effect, following studies that demonstrated its efficacy. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to compare the efficiency of cabergoline vs pyridoxine for lactation inhibition. STUDY DESIGN: A randomized controlled trial was conducted. Postpartum patients who requested lactation inhibition were randomly allocated to receive either cabergoline (1 mg once on postpartum day 1 or divided to 0.25 mg twice a day for 2 days thereafter, according to the departmental protocol, which is in line with the manufacturer recommendations) or pyridoxine (200 mg 3 times a day for 7 days). The patients enrolled were free of diseases in which contraindications to cabergoline are present. All patients completed a questionnaire for assessing breast engorgement, breast pain, and milk leakage on a scale of 0 (no symptom) to 5 (severe symptom) on days 0, 2, 7, and 14. The primary outcome was lactation inhibition success, defined as a score of 0 for both engorgement and pain on day 7. The secondary outcomes included the assessment of milk leakage, adverse effects, fever, mastitis, and treatment discontinuation or alteration. RESULTS: Of note, 45 and 43 patients received cabergoline or pyridoxine, respectively, and were included in the analysis following the intention‐to‐treat principle. Cabergoline was superior to pyridoxine in inhibiting lactation at day 7 (78% vs 35%, respectively$$$ P<.0001). Mild symptoms, defined as a score of 0 to 2 for breast engorgement and pain, at day 7 were 40 (89%) in the cabergoline group and 29 (67%) in the pyridoxine group (P=.01). The incidence of milk leakage was lower in the cabergoline group after 7 and 14 days than in the pyridoxine group (9% vs 42% [P=.0003] and 11% vs 31% [P=.02], respectively). Cabergoline had more adverse effects than pyridoxine (31% vs 9%, respectively$$$ P=.01), but all adverse effects were mild. The rates of mastitis and fever that were related to engorgement were similar in the cabergoline and pyridoxine groups (4 [9%] vs 2 [5%], respectively$$$ P=.67). Furthermore, 9 patients (21%) in the pyridoxine group switched to or added cabergoline because of treatment failure. Accordingly, on day 7, the pyridoxine success rate was reduced from 35% (15 women) to 28% (12 women) and from 67% (29 women) to 53% (23 women) for a score of 0 and 0 to 2 for both engorgement and pain, respectively. CONCLUSION: Cabergoline was superior to pyridoxine in inhibiting lactation. Cabergoline had more adverse effects, but no major adverse effect was documented in either treatment group. As pyridoxine inhibited lactation successfully in previous studies and in 67% of patients in this study, its use should be considered in women with contraindications for cabergoline.
The Effect of Young Coconut Water on Blood Pressure in Hypertensive Patients$$$ Objective: To determine the effect of young coconut water on reducing blood pressure in hypertensive patients. Method: The quasi‐experimental study was conducted in the work area of the Perhentian Luas Public Health Centre, Kuantan Singingi district, Riau province, Indonesia, from June 12 to 26, 2022, and comprised people aged >35 years with stage I hypertension. They were divided into intervention group A and control group B. Group A received young coconut water 150ml for 1 week once a day in the morning. Data was collected using observation sheets and blood pressure monitoring. Data was analysed using SPSS 20. Results: Of the 30 subjects, 15(50%) were each in each of the two groups. All the 15(100%) respondents in group A were females, while there were 10(66.7%) males and 5(33.3%) females in group B. In both the groups, there were 8(53.3%) subjects aged 26‐45 years and 7(46.7%) aged >45 years. Systolic and diastolic blood pressure before and after the intervention showed significant difference in group A (p<0.05), while the difference in group B was not significant (p>0.05). Conclusions: Consuming young coconut water every day for 7 days reduced blood pressure in hypertensive patients.
Effect of whole soy and purified daidzein on ambulatory blood pressure and endothelial function--a 6-month double-blind, randomized controlled trial among Chinese postmenopausal women with prehypertension$$$ Background/Objectives:Although observational studies suggest that soy foods or isoflavones are cardio‐protective, clinical trials on whole soy or isoflavone daidzein (one major isoflavone and the precursor of equol) on blood pressure (BP) and endothelial function (EF) are few and have not been specifically conducted among equol producers, a population most likely to benefit from soy treatment.Subjects/Methods:We performed a 6‐month double‐blind, randomized, placebo‐controlled trial to examine the effect of whole soy (soy flour) or purified daidzein on BP and EF in prehypertensive or untreated hypertensive postmenopausal women verified to be equol producers. A total of 270 eligible women were recruited and randomized to either one of the three treatment groups, 40 g soy flour (whole soy group), 40 g low‐fat milk powder+63 mg daidzein (daidzein group) or 40 g low‐fat milk powder (active control group) daily, each given as a solid beverage powder for 6 months. The primary outcome measures were 24 h ambulatory BP (ABP) and EF assessed by flow‐mediated dilation using brachial artery ultrasound.Results:A total of 253 subjects completed the study according to protocol. Urinary isoflavones indicated good compliance with the interventions. Intention to treat and per‐protocol analysis indicated that there was no significant difference in the 6‐month changes or % changes in parameters of ABP and brachial flow‐mediated dilation among the three treatment groups. A further subgroup analysis among hypertensive women (n=138) did not alter the conclusions.Conclusions:Whole soy and purified daidzein had no significant effect on BP and vascular function among equol‐producing postmenopausal women with prehypertension or untreated hypertension.
The control of hypertension by use of coconut water and mauby: two tropical food drinks$$$ In this study, the authors investigated the effect of regular consumption of two tropical food drinks, coconut (Cocos nucifera) water and mauby (Colubrina arborescens), on the control of hypertension. Twenty‐eight hypertensive subjects were assigned to four equal groups and their systolic and diastolic blood pressures recorded for two weeks before and then for another two weeks while receiving one of four interventions. One group (the control) received bottled drinking water, the second group received coconut water, the third received mauby and the fourth group, a mixture of coconut water and mauby. Significant decreases in the mean systolic blood pressure were observed for 71%, 40% and 43% respectively of the groups receiving the coconut water, mauby and the mixture (p < or = 0.05). For these groups, the respective proportions showing significant decreases in the mean diastolic pressure were 29%, 40% and 57%. For the group receiving the mixture, the largest decreases in mean systolic and mean diastolic pressure were 24 mmHg and 15 mmHg respectively$$$ these were approximately double the largest values seen with the single interventions.
The efficiency of cabergoline vs pyridoxine for lactation inhibition-a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Some mothers may seek lactation inhibition on personal, social, or medical grounds. The common drug used for lactation inhibition is cabergoline. Several adverse effects and contraindications are known for this drug. Its use is contraindicated for patients with hypertensive disorders and fibrotic, cardiac, or hepatic diseases. In addition, pyridoxine (vitamin B6) has been used for this indication, with no significant adverse effect, following studies that demonstrated its efficacy. Objective: This study aimed to compare the efficiency of cabergoline vs pyridoxine for lactation inhibition. Study Design: A randomized controlled trial was conducted. Postpartum patients who requested lactation inhibition were randomly allocated to receive either cabergoline (1 mg once on postpartum day 1 or divided to 0.25 mg twice a day for 2 days thereafter, according to the departmental protocol, which is in line with the manufacturer recommendations) or pyridoxine (200 mg 3 times a day for 7 days). The patients enrolled were free of diseases in which contraindications to cabergoline are present. All patients completed a questionnaire for assessing breast engorgement, breast pain, and milk leakage on a scale of 0 (no symptom) to 5 (severe symptom) on days 0, 2, 7, and 14. The primary outcome was lactation inhibition success, defined as a score of 0 for both engorgement and pain on day 7. The secondary outcomes included the assessment of milk leakage, adverse effects, fever, mastitis, and treatment discontinuation or alteration. Results: Of note, 45 and 43 patients received cabergoline or pyridoxine, respectively, and were included in the analysis following the intention‐to‐treat principle. Cabergoline was superior to pyridoxine in inhibiting lactation at day 7 (78% vs 35%, respectively$$$ P<.0001). Mild symptoms, defined as a score of 0 to 2 for breast engorgement and pain, at day 7 were 40 (89%) in the cabergoline group and 29 (67%) in the pyridoxine group (P=.01). The incidence of milk leakage was lower in the cabergoline group after 7 and 14 days than in the pyridoxine group (9% vs 42% [P=.0003] and 11% vs 31% [P=.02], respectively). Cabergoline had more adverse effects than pyridoxine (31% vs 9%, respectively$$$ P=.01), but all adverse effects were mild. The rates of mastitis and fever that were related to engorgement were similar in the cabergoline and pyridoxine groups (4 [9%] vs 2 [5%], respectively$$$ P=.67). Furthermore, 9 patients (21%) in the pyridoxine group switched to or added cabergoline because of treatment failure. Accordingly, on day 7, the pyridoxine success rate was reduced from 35% (15 women) to 28% (12 women) and from 67% (29 women) to 53% (23 women) for a score of 0 and 0 to 2 for both engorgement and pain, respectively. Conclusion: Cabergoline was superior to pyridoxine in inhibiting lactation. Cabergoline had more adverse effects, but no major adverse effect was documented in either treatment group. As pyridoxine inhibited lactation successfully in previous studies and in 67% of patients in this study, its use should be considered in women with contraindications for cabergoline.
Effects of soy protein on HDL-C function, central blood pressure, and arterial stiffness: study design and participant characteristics$$$ Epidemiologic studies report lower rates of cardiovascular disease in Asian populations where soy products are a staple food. Soy protein consumption has been shown to reduce non‐HDL cholesterol and is the richest dietary source of isoflavones (phytoestrogens), a group of bioactive compounds also shown to have potentially favorable effects on CVD risk. We are conducting a randomized, three‐period, double blind crossover study designed to evaluate the effects of soy protein supplementation on HDL function (measured via cholesterol efflux), central blood pressure and indices of arterial stiffness. Healthy males and females 35‐60 years of age with systolic blood pressure ≥120 mm Hg and/or diastolic blood pressure ≥80 mm Hg were recruited. The three dietary treatments are: A) 25 g/d soy protein isolate (SPI)$$$ B) 50 g/d SPI$$$ and C) 0 g/d SPI (isocaloric carbohydrate control). Participants were free living and followed their habitual diets to which they incorporated the SPI or control powders mixed with milk or water twice daily for 6 weeks each followed by a 2‐week break between treatments. Participants were instructed to keep their diet consistent during treatment periods and asked not to consume any soy containing products other than those provided. Three day dietary records were completed at baseline and during the last week of each treatment to ensure consistency in dietary intake. Participants reported to the diet center weekly to monitor body weight, review consumption logs and collect their soy (or control) powder. Twenty participants are included in the study$$$ 18 have completed all study procedures and 2 will complete their final treatment period by December 2015. Baseline characteristics (mean ± SE) of participants (n=20$$$ 9M & 11F) are as follows: age 51.9 ± 0.72 years, BMI 26.4 ± 0.1 kg/m2, systolic blood pressure 129.7 ± 1.9 mm Hg, diastolic blood pressure 82.5 ± 1.1 mm Hg, fasting glucose 88.7 ± 1.0 mg/dL, total cholesterol 197.3 ± 3.3 mg/dl, LDL‐C 120.3 ± 3.0 mg/dL and HDL‐C 55.3 ± 1.4 mg/dL. We hypothesize that consumption of soy protein (in a dose‐dependent manner) will favorably affect HDL particle size, increase HDL‐mediated ex vivo cholesterol efflux and improve central BP and arterial health in this normolipidemic, mildly hypertensive population.
Appetite hormones and energy intake in obese men after consumption of fructose, glucose and whey protein beverages$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate appetite responses over 4 h to fructose beverages in obese men, relative to glucose and whey protein. Second, to investigate the effect of combining whey and fructose on postprandial appetite hormones. DESIGN: Randomized, double‐blind crossover study of four beverages (1.1 MJ) containing 50 g of whey, fructose, glucose or 25 g whey+25 g fructose. Blood samples and appetite ratings were collected for 4 h then a buffet meal was offered. SUBJECTS: Twenty‐eight obese men (age: 57.0+/‐1.6 years, body mass index: 32.5+/‐0.6 kg/m(2)). MEASUREMENTS: Plasma ghrelin (total), glucagon‐like peptide‐1 (GLP‐1 7‐36), cholecystokinin‐8, glucose, insulin and appetite ratings were assessed at baseline and 30, 45, 60, 90, 120, 180, 240 min after beverages, followed by measurement of ad libitum energy intake. RESULTS: Fructose produced lower glycaemia and insulinaemia compared to the glucose treatment (P<0.0001)$$$ whereas postprandial ghrelin, GLP‐1 and cholecystokinin responses were similar after both treatments. Whey protein produced a prolonged (2‐4 h) suppression of ghrelin (P=0.001) and elevation of GLP‐1 (P=0.002) and cholecystokinin (P=0.003) that were reduced when combined with fructose, while glucose and insulin responses were similar. Energy intake after 4 h was independent of beverage type (glucose 4.7+/‐0.2 MJ$$$ fructose 4.9+/‐0.3 MJ$$$ whey 4.6+/‐0.3 MJ$$$ whey/fructose 4.8+/‐0.3 MJ$$$ P>0.05). CONCLUSION: In obese men, fructose‐ and glucose‐based beverages had similar effects on appetite and associated regulatory hormones, independent of the differing glycaemic and insulinaemic responses. The contrasting profile of plasma ghrelin, GLP‐1 and cholecystokinin after whey protein consumption did not impact on ad libitum intake 4 h later and was attenuated when 50% of whey was replaced with fructose.
A high whey protein-, leucine-, and vitamin D-enriched supplement preserves muscle mass during intentional weight loss in obese older adults: a double-blind randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Intentional weight loss in obese older adults is a risk factor for muscle loss and sarcopenia. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to examine the effect of a high whey protein‐, leucine‐, and vitamin D‐enriched supplement on muscle mass preservation during intentional weight loss in obese older adults. DESIGN: We included 80 obese older adults in a double‐blind randomized controlled trial. During a 13‐wk weight loss program, all subjects followed a hypocaloric diet (‐600 kcal/d) and performed resistance training 3×/wk. Subjects were randomly allocated to a high whey protein‐, leucine‐, and vitamin D‐enriched supplement including a mix of other macro‐ and micronutrients (150 kcal, 21 g protein$$$ 10×/wk, intervention group) or an isocaloric control. The primary outcome was change in appendicular muscle mass. The secondary outcomes were body composition, handgrip strength, and physical performance. Data were analyzed by using ANCOVA and mixed linear models with sex and baseline value as covariates. RESULTS: At baseline, mean ± SD age was 63 ± 5.6 y, and body mass index (in kg/m(2)) was 33 ± 4.4. During the trial, protein intake was 1.11 ± 0.28 g · kg body weight(‐1) · d(‐1) in the intervention group compared with 0.85 ± 0.24 g · kg body weight(‐1) · d(‐1) in the control group (P < 0.001). Both intervention and control groups decreased in body weight (‐3.4 ± 3.6 kg and ‐2.8 ± 2.8 kg$$$ both P < 0.001) and fat mass (‐3.2 ± 3.1 kg and ‐2.5 ± 2.4 kg$$$ both P < 0.001), with no differences between groups. The 13‐wk change in appendicular muscle mass, however, was different in the intervention and control groups [+0.4 ± 1.2 kg and ‐0.5 ± 2.1 kg, respectively$$$ β = 0.95 kg (95% CI: 0.09, 1.81)$$$ P = 0.03]. Muscle strength and function improved over time without significant differences between groups. CONCLUSION: A high whey protein‐, leucine‐, and vitamin D‐enriched supplement compared with isocaloric control preserves appendicular muscle mass in obese older adults during a hypocaloric diet and resistance exercise program and might therefore reduce the risk of sarcopenia. This trial was registered at the Dutch Trial Register (http://www.trialregister.nl) as NTR2751.
The impact of nutritional fatty acids during pregnancy and lactation on early human adipose tissue development. Rationale and design of the INFAT study$$$ Recent observational studies suggest that mean birth weight and body fat growth in the first year of life have increased continuously over the last decades. Both elevated birth weight and early fat mass are potential risk factors for childhood obesity. Experimental and limited clinical data suggest that the dietary ratio of n‐6 to n‐3 fatty acids (FAs) during pregnancy is critical for early adipose tissue growth. The aim of this randomized controlled study is to examine the effect of the supplementation with n‐3 long‐chain polyunsaturated FAs and reduction in the n‐6/n‐3 ratio in the diet of pregnant women/breast‐feeding mothers on adipose tissue growth in their newborns using various methods for the assessment of body fat mass. Measurement of skinfold thickness in the newborn is the primary outcome parameter. Two hundred and four pregnant women will be recruited before the 15th week of gestation and randomly assigned to either active intervention or an isocaloric control diet. This upcoming study will explore the potential of this dietary approach to limit early adipose tissue growth and may contribute to the development of a new strategy for the primary prevention of childhood obesity.
Food Innovation for Reduction of Carcinogen from Alcohol Drinking$$$ INTERVENTION: 150 ml milk fermented by Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG ,150 ml milk containing lactic‐acid and flavor imitating the experimental intervention Experimental Dietary Supplement,Placebo Comparator Dietary Supplement LGG fermented milk,placebo milk CONDITION: alcohol‐related cancer $$$ probiotic$$$ milk$$$ acetaldehyde$$$ alcohol$$$ carcinogen probiotic$$$ milk$$$ acetaldehyde$$$ alcohol$$$ carcinogen PRIMARY OUTCOME: Salivary acetaldehyde 0, 5, 15, 30, 45, 60, 90, 120, 150, 210 min HPLC,Blood acetaldehyde 0, 5, 15, 30, 45, 60, 90, 120, 150, 210 min HPLC SECONDARY OUTCOME: Number of LGG bacterial count in saliva 0, 5, 15, 30, 45, 60, 90, 120, 150, 210 min Selective culture INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ Thai male age 20‐50 years old ‐ Normal vital signs ‐ No uncontrolled systemic diseases or autoimmune diseases ‐ Normal blood chemistry (complete blood count, liver and kidney function, lipid an d sugar) ‐ Active (1/*1) or inactive (1/*2) ALDH2 gene (10 subjects of each) ‐ Able to consume milk ‐ Moderate alcohol drinking (less than 2 drinks per day or 14 drinks per week)
Ayurvedic treatment for Diabetes$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Group A ‐UstriDugdh (She Camel Milk) : 200 ml milk per day empty stomach for 2 month Intervention2: Group B‐Madhumehari yoga: 3‐5 gm churna BD and empty stomach for 2 month Control Intervention1: Group C‐Madhumehari&UstriDugdh (She Camel Milk): Group C‐200 ml per day &3‐5 gm twice a day empty stomach Control Intervention2: Group C‐Madhumehari & UstriDugdh (She Camel Milk): 200 ml per day & 3‐5 gm churna twice a day empty stomach for 2 month CONDITION: PATIENT WITH TYPE 2 DIABETES MELLITUS PRIMARY OUTCOME: Improvement in Subjective and objective parameter‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 2 month SECONDARY OUTCOME: To find the comparative efficacy of the treatment $$$ in different groups‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 4 month INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Fasting blood sugar 126to250mg/dl 2. Post prandial blood sugar 200to 300mg/dl
Odd-chain fatty acids as a biomarker for dietary fiber intake: a novel pathway for endogenous production from propionate$$$ Background: The risk of type 2 diabetes is inversely correlated with plasma concentrations of odd‐chain fatty acids [OCFAs$$$ pentadecanoic acid (15:0) and heptadecanoic acid (17:0)], which are considered as biomarkers for dairy fat intake in humans. However, rodent studies suggest that OCFAs are synthesized endogenously from gut‐derived propionate. Propionate increases with dietary fiber consumption and has been shown to improve insulin sensitivity.Objective: We hypothesized that OCFAs are produced in humans from dietary fibers by a novel endogenous pathway.Design: In a randomized, double‐blind crossover study, 16 healthy individuals were supplemented with cellulose (30 g/d), inulin (30 g/d), or propionate (6 g/d) for 7 d. In addition, human hepatoma cells were incubated with different propionate concentrations. OCFAs were determined in plasma phospholipids and hepatoma cells by gas chromatography.Results: Cellulose did not affect plasma OCFA levels, whereas inulin and propionate increased pentadecanoic acid by ∼17% (P < 0.05) and 13% (P = 0.05), respectively. The effect on heptadecanoic acid was even more pronounced, because it was elevated in almost all participants by inulin (11%$$$ P < 0.01) and propionate (13%$$$ P < 0.001). Furthermore, cell culture experiments showed a positive association between propionate and OCFA levels (R2 = 0.99, P < 0.0001), whereas palmitate (16:0) was negatively correlated (R2 = 0.83, P = 0.004).Conclusions: Our data show that gut‐derived propionate is used for the hepatic synthesis of OCFAs in humans. The association of OCFAs with a decreased risk of type 2 diabetes may therefore also relate to dietary fiber intake and not only dairy fat. This trial was registered at www.germanctr.de as DRKS00010121.
Acute cocoa flavanol improves cerebral oxygenation without enhancing executive function at rest or after exercise$$$ Acute exercise‐induced improvements in cognitive function are accompanied by increased (cerebral) blood flow and increased brain‐derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) levels. Acute cocoa flavanol (CF) intake may improve cognitive function, cerebral blood flow (in humans), and BNDF levels (in animals). This study investigated (i) the effect of CF intake in combination with exercise on cognitive function and (ii) cerebral hemodynamics and BDNF in response to CF intake and exercise. Twelve healthy men participated in this randomized, double‐blind, crossover study. Participants performed a cognitive task (CT) at 100 min after acute 903‐mg CF or placebo (PL) intake, followed by a 30‐min time‐trial. Immediately after this exercise, the same CT was performed. Prefrontal near‐infrared spectroscopy was applied during CT and exercise to measure changes in oxygenated (ΔHbO2), deoxygenated (ΔHHb), and total haemoglobin (ΔHbtot) and blood samples were drawn and analyzed for BDNF. Reaction time was faster postexercise, but was not influenced by CF. ΔHbO2 during the resting CT was increased by CF, compared with PL. ΔHbO2, ΔHHb, and ΔHbtot increased in response to exercise without any effect of CF. During the postexercise cognitive task, there were no hemodynamic differences between CF or PL. Serum BDNF was increased by exercise, but was not influenced by CF. In conclusion, at rest, CF intake increased cerebral oxygenation, but not BDNF concentrations, and no impact on executive function was detected. This beneficial effect of CF on cerebral oxygenation at rest was overruled by the strong exercise‐induced increases in cerebral perfusion and oxygenation.
Acute cocoa flavanol improves cerebral oxygenation without enhancing executive function at rest or after exercise$$$ Acute exercise‐induced improvements in cognitive function are accompanied by increased (cerebral) blood flow and increased brain‐derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) levels. Acute cocoa flavanol (CF) intake may improve cognitive function, cerebral blood flow (in humans), and BNDF levels (in animals). This study investigated (i) the effect of CF intake in combination with exercise on cognitive function and (ii) cerebral hemodynamics and BDNF in response to CF intake and exercise. Twelve healthy men participated in this randomized, double‐blind, crossover study. Participants performed a cognitive task (CT) at 100 min after acute 903‐mg CF or placebo (PL) intake, followed by a 30‐min time‐trial. Immediately after this exercise, the same CT was performed. Prefrontal near‐infrared spectroscopy was applied during CT and exercise to measure changes in oxygenated (ΔHbO2), deoxygenated (ΔHHb), and total haemoglobin (ΔHbtot) and blood samples were drawn and analyzed for BDNF. Reaction time was faster postexercise, but was not influenced by CF. ΔHbO2 during the resting CT was increased by CF, compared with PL. ΔHbO2, ΔHHb, and ΔHbtot increased in response to exercise without any effect of CF. During the postexercise cognitive task, there were no hemodynamic differences between CF or PL. Serum BDNF was increased by exercise, but was not influenced by CF. In conclusion, at rest, CF intake increased cerebral oxygenation, but not BDNF concentrations, and no impact on executive function was detected. This beneficial effect of CF on cerebral oxygenation at rest was overruled by the strong exercise‐induced increases in cerebral perfusion and oxygenation.
Effects of protein quality on appetite and energy metabolism in normal weight subjects$$$ OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to compare the effects of consumption of different protein sources on food intake and energy expenditure in normal weight subjects. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Breakfast preparations (casein, soy protein, whey protein or control) were ingested during seven consecutive days. Appetite, food intake, and energy expenditure were assessed. RESULTS: Casein consumption led to a lower energy intake than whey protein. There was lower energy intake on day 7 than on day 1 of the casein session. Soy protein preparations resulted in higher diet induced thermogenesis (DIT) than in control preparations. The respiratory quotient (RQ) obtained in the whey protein session was lower than the control and soy protein sessions. CONCLUSION: These results suggest that the consumption of different protein types leads to distinct effects on satiety (casein), DIT (soy protein), and/or RQ (whey protein).
Dietary whey protein influences plasma satiety-related hormones and plasma amino acids in normal-weight adult women$$$ Background/objective:A distinct suppressive effect of a whey protein (including glycomacropeptide)‐enriched preload drink on subsequent food intake in comparison with a maltodextrin carbohydrate‐enriched preload was demonstrated in an earlier companion study with the same female subjects$$$ however, the potential mediators underlying the effect are unclear. The objective of this study was to investigate how the ingestion of a whey protein‐enriched preload beverage affected postprandial plasma concentrations of several satiety‐related gastrointestinal hormones and metabolites in comparison with a maltodextrin carbohydrate‐enriched preload.Subjects/methods:Eighteen normal‐weight women were studied in a single‐blind, randomized block design. Blood samples were collected at various time intervals for 120 min after consumption of a test drink (300 ml, 1300 kJ) enriched (45 g) with either maltodextrin carbohydrate or whey protein containing naturally present glycomacropeptide.Results:Plasma‐active ghrelin concentrations decreased after both maltodextrin carbohydrate‐ and whey protein‐enriched test drinks (P<0.05). The whey protein‐enriched beverage led to increased plasma concentrations of cholecystokinin (CCK) at 60 and 75 min (P<0.05), glucagon‐like peptide‐1 (GLP‐1) at 90 min (P<0.001), peptide tyrosine‐tyrosine (PYY) at 90 and 120 min (P<0.01) and pancreatic polypeptide (PP) from 15 to 120 min (P<0.05) compared with maltodextrin carbohydrate. Total amino acid, urea and ammonia plasma concentrations were also higher after whey protein compared with maltodextrin carbohydrate ingestion (P<0.01).Conclusions:Increased plasma concentrations of some gastrointestinal hormones related to satiety, particularly PP, and of amino acids and their metabolites, may have acted either singly or together to mediate the observed satiety response to whey protein.
No long-term weight maintenance effects of gelatin in a supra-sustained protein diet$$$ In the short‐term, gelatin showed stronger hunger suppression and less energy intake compared with other proteins. This study investigated if a supra‐sustained gelatin‐milk protein (GMP) diet improves weight maintenance (WM) compared with a sustained milk protein (SMP) diet and supra‐sustained milk protein (SSMP) diet during a 4‐months WM period after 8‐week weight loss (WL) in sixty‐five healthy subjects (28.6+/‐3.4kg/m(2)$$$ 44+/‐10years). Absolute protein intake was kept constant (sustained) throughout per subject. Diets were: protein(P)/fat(F)/carbohydrate(C): 15/40/45% of energy (En%) (SMP) and 30/25/45 En% (SSMP or GMP) for weeks 9‐16. Diets on weeks 17‐24: P/F/C: 30/35/35 En% (SMP) and 60/5/35 En% (SSMP or GMP). From weeks 8 to 16, and weeks 16 to 24, changes in BMI were similar between the GMP (‐0.4+/‐0.6 and 0.3+/‐0.7kg/m(2) respectively), and the SMP (‐0.7+/‐0.9 and 0.1+/‐0.7kg/m(2) respectively) and SSMP (‐0.6+/‐0.6 and 0.3+/‐0.6kg/m(2) respectively) diets. Sparing of fat free mass (FFM): increases/decreases in FFM%/fat‐mass% from weeks 8 to 16 were similar between the GMP and both control diets, and maintained from weeks 16 to 24. In conclusion, all 3 diets resulted in a successful WM period, while a GMP diet does not improve body weight maintenance and related variables after weight loss compared with a SMP and SSMP diet.
Sensory properties and expected satiation: effect of repeated exposure$$$ INTERVENTION: During the 5‐day study period, the dairy product will be offered ad libitum at baseline (day 1), in a fixed load on day 2 to 4, and ad libitum on day 5. Participants will perform a measurement on expected satiation on day 1, on day 2 and after repeated exposure on day 5. CONDITION: obesitas en overgewicht $$$ corpulency $$$ overweight PRIMARY OUTCOME: Expected satiation of the dairy products. Learning will be indicated by a shift $$$ in expectations relative to day 1.$$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: At baseline and on day 5, we will measure ad libitum intake of the products to $$$ test whether meal size will be different in response to different expectations $$$ of the products. $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: • Young‐adults: 18‐40 years • Normal weight: BMI 18.5 ‐ 25.0 kg/m2 • Eats breakfast regularly (>=5 times a week) • Apparently healthy (judged by the participant)
The effect of whey isolate and resistance training on strength, body composition, and plasma glutamine$$$ Different dietary proteins affect whole body protein anabolism and accretion and therefore, have the potential to influence results obtained from resistance training. This study examined the effects of supplementation with two proteins, hydrolyzed whey isolate (WI) and casein (C), on strength, body composition, and plasma glutamine levels during a 10 wk, supervised resistance training program. In a double‐blind protocol, 13 male, recreational bodybuilders supplemented their normal diet with either WI or C (1.5 gm/kg body wt/d) for the duration of the program. Strength was assessed by 1‐RM in three exercises (barbell bench press, squat, and cable pull‐down). Body composition was assessed by dual energy X‐ray absorptiometry. Plasma glutamine levels were determined by the enzymatic method with spectrophotometric detection. All assessments occurred in the week before and the week following 10 wk of training. Plasma glutamine levels did not change in either supplement group following the intervention. The WI group achieved a significantly greater gain (P < 0.01) in lean mass than the C group (5.0 +/‐ 0.3 vs. 0.8 +/‐ 0.4 kg for WI and C, respectively) and a significant (P < 0.05) change in fat mass (‐1.5 +/‐ 0.5 kg) compared to the C group (+0.2 +/‐ 0.3 kg). The WI group also achieved significantly greater (P < 0.05) improvements in strength compared to the C group in each assessment of strength. When the strength changes were expressed relative to body weight, the WI group still achieved significantly greater (P < 0.05) improvements in strength compared to the C group.
Impact of differing protein sources and a creatine containing nutritional formula after 12 weeks of resistance training$$$ OBJECTIVE: We evaluated whether colostrum (Col) or an isocaloric and isonitrogenous blend of whey and casein in addition to creatine (Cr) affects body composition, muscular strength and endurance, and anaerobic performance during resistance training. METHODS: Forty‐nine resistance‐trained subjects participated in a standardized 12‐wk total body resistance training program. In a double‐blind and randomized manner, subjects supplemented their diet with a protein control (Pro), Pro/Col, Pro/Cr, or Col/Cr. Supplements were isocaloric and isonitrogenous and provided 60 g/d of casein/whey (Pro) or Col as the protein source. At 0, 8, and 12 wk of supplementation, subjects were weighed, had body composition determined using dual‐energy X‐ray absorptiometry (DXA), performed one‐repetition maximum (1RM) and 80% of 1RM tests on the bench press and leg press, and 30‐s anaerobic sprint capacity tests. Data (mean +/‐ SD) were analyzed by repeated measures analysis of variance and reported as raw data in all tables and as changes from baseline for all figures for the Pro, Pro/Col, Pro/Cr, and Col/Cr groups, respectively. RESULTS: Resistance training increased 1RM strength, muscular endurance, and anaerobic sprint capacity equally in all groups. Significant main and interaction effects (P < 0.05) were found for body mass, DXA total scanned mass, and fat‐free mass (FFM$$$ lean plus bone), whereas no changes (P > 0.05) were noted for fat mass, percent fat, or bone content. Post hoc analysis showed that, compared with Pro, subjects ingesting Pro/Col, Pro/Cr, and Col/Cr showed greater gains in body mass and DXA total scanned mass. Subjects ingesting Pro/Cr and Col/Cr had greater increases in FFM during training in comparison with Pro/Col. CONCLUSION: In conjunction with 12 wk of resistance training, ingestion of Col or a blend of whey and casein protein with a vitamin/mineral supplement containing Cr resulted in greater improvements in FFM in comparison with Pro and Pro/Col.
The relationship between dietary protein intake and blood pressure: results from the PREMIER study$$$ Observational and clinical studies suggest that high protein intake, particularly protein from plant sources, might reduce blood pressure (BP). To examine the association of dietary protein with BP, we analysed data from PREMIER, an 18‐month clinical trial (n=810) that examined the effects of two multi‐component lifestyle modifications on BP. We examined the association of protein intake with BP, and in particular the independent relationship of plant and animal protein with BP. Multivariable linear regression analyses were performed with both cross‐sectional and longitudinal data. Dietary plant protein was inversely associated with both systolic and diastolic BP in cross‐sectional analyses at the 6‐month follow‐up (P=0.0045 and 0.0096, respectively). Fruit and vegetable intake was also inversely associated with both systolic and diastolic BP cross‐sectionally at 6 months (P=0.0003 and 0.0157, respectively). In longitudinal analyses, a high intake of plant protein at 6 months was marginally associated with a reduction of both systolic and diastolic BP from baseline to 6 months only (P=0.0797 and 0.0866, respectively), independent of change in body weight and waist circumference. Furthermore, increased intake of plant protein, and fruits and vegetables was significantly associated with a lower risk of hypertension at 6 but not at 18 months. Results of this study indicate that plant protein had a beneficial effect on BP and was associated with a lower risk of hypertension at 6 months. Our data, in conjunction with other research, suggest that an increased intake of plant protein may be useful as a means to prevent and treat hypertension.
Long-term effects of a protein-enriched diet on blood pressure in older women$$$ Short‐term randomised, controlled trials have found that dietary protein relative to carbohydrate can reduce blood pressure. Our objective was to investigate the effects on blood pressure of an increase in protein intake from whey over 2 years in women aged over 70 years. From the general population, 219 women aged between 70 and 80 years were recruited to a 2‐year randomised, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled parallel‐design trial: 181 women completed the trial to the end of year 2. Participants were randomly assigned to consume a daily whey protein‐based beverage (protein) or an energy‐matched low‐protein high‐carbohydrate beverage (control). Blood pressure measurements were performed at baseline, year 1 and year 2. For protein relative to control, the estimated mean net differences in protein and carbohydrate intakes were 18 (95 % CI 13, 23) and ‐22 (95 % CI ‐9, ‐35) g/d at year 1, and 22 (95 % CI 17, 28) and ‐18 (95 % CI ‐6, ‐31) g/d at year 2. Intention‐to‐treat analysis found no overall differences between groups in blood pressure (P>0.5). Net differences in systolic and diastolic blood pressure were ‐2.3 (95 % CI ‐5.3, 0.7) and ‐1.5 (95 % CI ‐3.6, 0.6) mmHg at year 1, and 1.6 (95 % CI ‐1.5, 4.7) and 0.3 (95 % CI ‐1.9, 2.4) mmHg at year 2. Similar differences in systolic and diastolic blood pressure at years 1 and 2 were observed with per‐protocol analysis. Therefore, the present study did not provide evidence that a higher whey protein intake in older women can have prolonged effects on blood pressure
A six-month randomized controlled trial of whole soy and isoflavones daidzein on body composition in equol-producing postmenopausal women with prehypertension$$$ OBJECTIVES: This paper reported the effects of commonly used whole soy foods (soy flour) and purified daidzein (one of the major isoflavones and the precursor of equol) on changes in anthropometric measurements and body composition in a 6‐month double‐blind, randomized, placebo‐controlled trial among prehypertensive postmenopausal women who are also equol producers. METHODS: 270 eligible women were randomized to either one of the three treatments: 40 g soy flour (whole soy group), 40 g low‐fat milk powder + 63 mg daidzein (daidzein group), or 40 g low‐fat milk powder (placebo group) daily each for 6 months. Anthropometric indicators and body composition were measured before and after intervention. RESULTS: 253 subjects completed the study with good compliance. Urinary isoflavones levels suggested good compliance of subjects with supplementation. Whole soy and purified daidzein had no significant effect on body weight, body mass index (BMI), waist and hip circumferences, waist to hip ratio (WHR), body fat percentage, fat mass, and free fat mass. CONCLUSION: Six‐month consumption of whole soy and purified daidzein at provided dosage had no improvement on body weight and composition compared with isocaloric milk placebo among prehypertensive equol‐producing postmenopausal women. This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01270737.
Specific glycemic index goals improve dietary quality and glycemic control$$$ Results: Controversy exists regarding the benefit of a lower glycemic index (GI) diet in diabetes management. Prior research has not evaluated the effect of specific dietary goals for low GI foods on outcomes. This study evaluated the impact of a nutrition intervention with targeted GI goals on dietary quality and weight and glycemic control. Adults 40‐65 years old with type 2 diabetes ≥ 1 year with an A1c ≥ 7.0% who did not require insulin therapy were eligible for participation. A randomized two group parallel research design was employed following a 5‐week, group‐based intervention. The intervention explained GI, postprandial glucose response and strategies for incorporating lower GI foods. Participants were randomly assigned to treatment group and encouraged to consume either 6 or 8 servings/day of low GI foods for 8 weeks following the intervention. Four‐day foods records assessed dietary intake at baseline and study end. There were no significant differences between groups at baseline or study end for GI or servings of low GI foods. However, both groups reported significant reduction in energy intake and GI and significant increase in total and insoluble fiber (all p < 0.01). Participants in the 6 serving/day group consumed more servings of whole fruit, green/yellow vegetables, and reduced fat dairy foods and fewer servings of potatoes, eggs, refined breads, and animal fat$$$ mean (Â±SD) reduction in GI was ‐6.78 (Â±5.92) (all p < 0.05). Participants in the 8 serving/day group consumed more servings of whole fruit and fewer servings of regular fat meat, refined bread, full fat dairy foods, and animal fat$$$ mean (Â±SD) reduction in GI was ‐4.56 (Â±4.19) (all p < 0.05). There was a significant reduction in mean Â±SD weight (‐1.76 Â± 1.80 kg) and BMI (‐0.64 Â± 0.65 kg/m2) among females and in waist circumference (‐2.52 Â± 2.12 cm) among males in the 6 serving/day group (all p < 0.05). The mean (Â±SD) reduction in A1c in the 8 serving/day group was ‐0.73% (Â±1.28%) and in the 6 serving/day group was ‐0.38% (Â±1.25%). Targeted GI goals can improve dietary quality and glycemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes. Weight reduction also may occur in some individuals by adhering to a lower GI diet.
Cold and hot water immersion as a strategy to promote post-exercise recovery in healthy young men$$$ INTERVENTION: Healthy, young men will be assigned to a 2‐week resistance type exercise period combined with cold‐water immersion (CWI) to assess the effect on muscle protein synthesis. We will apply 2H2O measurements during repeated CWI sessions following exercise to measure muscle protein synthesis. In another group, healthy, young men will be assigned to a single bout of resistance type exercise followed by hot‐water immersion (HWI) to assess the effect on muscle protein synthesis. Following each session, subjects will ingest 20 g of milk protein combined with 45 g of carbohydrate immediately following 20 min of one‐legged CWI of both legs at different temperatures (i.e., 8 degrees Celsius vs. 30 degrees Celsius) or one‐legged HWI of both legs at different temperatures (i.e., 40 degrees Celsius vs. 30 degrees Celsius). During the CWI period, a total of 7 resistance training bouts will be performed separated by at least 1 recovery day. During the HWI period a single resistance type exercise session will be performed. During the first training day of this experiment, subjects will ingest 20 g of intrinsically [1‐13C]‐phenylalanine and [1‐13C]‐leucine labeled milk protein [1, 2] combined with 45 g of carbohydrate immediately following 20 min of one‐legged cold or hot water immersion (CWI/HWI). During this day, primed continuous intravenous tracer infusions will be applied and regular blood samples will be collected to assess digestion and absorption kinetics. Muscle biopsies will be obtained immediately prior to beverage ingestion and 120 min and 300 min after beverage ingestion from both legs to determine de novo muscle protein synthesis and glycogen resynthesis rates from both cold water immer CONDITION: Geen, gezonde proefpersonen zullen worden getest $$$ Not applicable PRIMARY OUTCOME: Muscle protein synthesis $$$ Muscle glycogen concentration$$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: Blood plasma glucose, insulin and amino acids. $$$ Muscle, skin and core temperature. $$$ Visual analogue scale $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ Males ‐ Aged between 18‐35 years ‐ Healthy, recreationally active ‐ BMI < 25 kg/m2 ‐ The ability to comply with the protocol (i.e. the set‐up for the CWI is designed for subjects that are at least 1.70 m or taller).
"Effect of probiotic supplementation on cognitive function and metabolic status in Alzheimer's disease: a randomized, double-blind and controlled trial": expression of concern$$$ Reports an expression of concern to "Effect of probiotic supplementation on cognitive function and metabolic status in Alzheimer's disease: A randomized, double‐blind and controlled trial" by Elmira Akbari, Zatollah Asemi, Reza Daneshvar Kakhaki, Fereshteh Bahmani, Ebrahim Kouchaki, Omid Reza Tamtaji, Gholam Ali Hamidi and Mahmoud Salami (Frontiers in Aging Neuroscience, 2016[Nov][10], Vol 8[256]). With this notice, Frontiers states its awareness of concerns regarding the validity of the participant data in this study. An investigation is currently being conducted by Kashan University of Medical Sciences research ethics committee. This expression of concern has been posted while Frontiers awaits the outcome of that investigation and will then be updated accordingly. (The following abstract of the original article appeared in record 2016‐56504‐001.) Alzheimer's disease (AD) is associated with severe cognitive impairments as well as some metabolic defects. Scant studies in animal models indicate a link between probiotics and cognitive function. This randomized, double‐blind, and controlled clinical trial was conducted among 60 AD patients to assess the effects of probiotic supplementation on cognitive function and metabolic status. The patients were randomly divided into two groups (n = 30 in each group) treating with either milk (control group) or a mixture of probiotics (probiotic group). The probiotic supplemented group took 200 ml/day probiotic milk containing Lactobacillus acidophilus, Lactobacillus casei, Bifidobacterium bifidum, and Lactobacillus fermentum (2 x 109 CFU/g for each) for 12 weeks. Mini‐mental state examination (MMSE) score was recorded in all subjects before and after the treatment. Pre‐ and post‐treatment fasting blood samples were obtained to determine the related markers. After 12 weeks intervention, compared with the control group (‐5.03% +/‐ 3.00), the probiotic treated (+27.90% +/‐ 8.07) patients showed a significant improvement in the MMSE score (P < 0.001). In addition, changes in plasma malondialdehyde (‐22.01% +/‐ 4.84 vs. +2.67% +/‐ 3.86 micromol/L, P < 0.001), serum high‐sensitivity C‐reactive protein (‐17.61% +/‐ 3.70 vs. +45.26% +/‐ 3.50 microg/mL, P < 0.001), homeostasis model of assessment‐estimated insulin resistance (+28.84% +/‐ 13.34 vs. +76.95% +/‐ 24.60, P = 0.002), Beta cell function (+3.45% +/‐ 10.91 vs. +75.62% +/‐ 23.18, P = 0.001), serum triglycerides (‐20.29% +/‐ 4.49 vs. ‐0.16% +/‐ 5.24 mg/dL, P = 0.003), and quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (‐1.83 +/‐ 1.26 vs. ‐4.66 +/‐ 1.70, P = 0.006) in the probiotic group were significantly varied compared to the control group. We found that the probiotic treatment had no considerable effect on other biomarkers of oxidative stress and inflammation, fasting plasma glucose, and other lipid profiles. Overall, the current study demonstrated that probiotic consumption for 12 weeks positively affects cognitive function and some metabolic statuses in the AD patients. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2020 APA, all rights reserved)
The effect of cold-water immersion on skeletal muscle blood flow during post-exercise recovery in healthy young males$$$ INTERVENTION: 12 healthy, young males will be assigned to perform a single bout of resistance exercise immediately followed by 20 min of one‐legged cold‐water immersion (CWI$$$ 8 degrees Celsius) to assess the effect on macro‐, microvascular blood flow, and subsequent amino acid incorporation in skeletal muscle tissue. The other leg will serve as control and will be submerged for 20 min in thermoneutral water (CON$$$ 30 degrees Celsius) at the same time as the CWI intervention. To mimic typical post‐exercise recovery, subjects will ingest 20 g of milk protein combined with 45 g of carbohydrate immediately following the 20 min of CWI. In combination with the recovery drink, subjects will ingest a single bolus of a stable amino acid tracer (L‐[ring‐13C6]‐phenylalanine), which allows for the quantification of amino acid incorporation into muscle tissue during the recovery period. During the test day, regular blood samples will be collected to assess postprandial plasma amino acid, glucose, and insulin concentrations. In addition, a muscle biopsy will be obtained 240 min after beverage ingestion from each leg to determine the incorporation of the amino acid tracer into muscle tissue. Finally, femoral artery and m. vastus lateralis blood flow will be assessed before, immediately following the exercise bout, following the CWI, and at 60 and 180 min after beverage ingestion with Doppler and contrast���enhanced ultrasound (CEUS), respectively. CONDITION: Niet van toepassing $$$ Niet van toepassing PRIMARY OUTCOME: he primary outcome is microvascular blood flow expressed in arbitrary units.$$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary outcomes include femoral artery blood flow expressed as L/min and $$$ L‐[ring‐13C6]‐phenylalanine enrichment in mixed muscle protein expressed as $$$ mole percent excess. $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ Aged between 18‐35 years ‐ Healthy, recreationally active ‐ Male ‐ BMI < 30 kg/m2
Evaluation of a novel alternative protein source to stimulate post-exercise muscle protein synthesis$$$ INTERVENTION: From p17 of C1 protocol document: Subjects will perform unilateral resistance exercise and consume either 30 g mealworm or milk protein. In addition, continuous intravenous tracer infusions will be applied, with plasma and muscle samples collected. The exercise session consists of a 5 min unilateral warm‐up on a cycle ergometer and 4 unilateral sets on the leg‐press and leg‐extension machines. The workload is set at 80% of the subjects* one‐repetition maximum (8*10 repetitions) to stimulate muscle hypertrophy. Resting periods of 2 min are allowed between sets and 2 min between exercises. Alternative protein source Muscle Protein Synthesis Resistance Exercise CONDITION: $$$ muscle growth $$$ Muscle protein synthesis 10028302 10037008 muscle growth Muscle protein synthesis PRIMARY OUTCOME: From p23 of C1 protocol document: $$$ $$$ The main study endpoint is the fractional synthetic rate (FSR) of muscle $$$ protein synthesis (myofibrillar proteins) from 0‐5 hours in the post‐prandial $$$ period.$$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: From p23 of C1 protocol document: $$$ $$$ * The fractional synthetic rate (FSR) of muscle protein synthesis (myofibrillar $$$ proteins) from ‐3‐0, 0‐2 and 2‐5 hours in the postabsorptive and $$$ post‐prandial period respectively. $$$ * Plasma free phenylalanine enrichment (expressed as MPE) $$$ * Plasma free tyrosine enrichment (expressed as MPE) $$$ * Plasma total phenylalanine (expressed as *mol/L) $$$ * Plasma total tyrosine (expressed as *mol/L) $$$ * Total plasma amino acids (AAma X[*mol/L]) $$$ * Plasma glucose (glucosema X[mmol/L]) $$$ * Plasma insulin (insulinma X[mU/L]) $$$ * Plasma total phenylalanine, leucine and tyrosine concentrations (expressed as $$$ *mol/L) $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: * Healthy males * Age between 18 and 35 y inclusive * BMI between 18.5 and 30 kg/m2
Effect of CLA supplementation on immune function in young healthy volunteers$$$ OBJECTIVES: This study investigated the effect of dietary CLA supplementation (3g/day$$$ 50:50 mix of the two major isomers) on the immune system and plasma lipids and glucose of healthy human (male and female) volunteers. DESIGN: Double‐blind, randomized, reference‐controlled study. SUBJECT AND INTERVENTION: A total of 28 healthy male and female participants aged 25‐50 y received either high oleic sunflower oil (reference) or 50% CLA 9‐11 and 50% CLA 10‐12 CLA isomers (50:50 CLA‐triglyceride form). The treatments were given as supplements in soft‐gel capsules providing a total 3 g (6 x 500 mg capsules) per day in treatment groups for 12 weeks. A 12‐week washout period followed the intervention period. RESULTS: Levels of plasma IgA and IgM were increased (P < 0.05 and 0.01 respectively), while plasma IgE levels were decreased (P < 0.05). CLA supplementation also decreased the levels of the proinflammatory cytokines, TNF‐alpha and IL‐1beta (P < 0.05), but increased the levels of the anti‐inflammatory cytokine, IL‐10 (P < 0.05). Another aspect of immune function, delayed type hypersensitivity (DTH) response, was decreased during and after CLA supplementation (P < 0.05). However, plasma glucose, lipids, lymphocyte phenotypic results were not affected significantly by CLA. CONCLUSION: This is the first study to show that CLA, a fatty acid naturally found in dairy and meat products, can beneficially affect immune function in healthy human volunteers. SPONSORSHIP: This study was supported by Loders‐Croklaan, The Netherlands and SEERAD (Scottish Executive Environmental Rural and Agriculture Department).
The Efficacy of Short-Term Weight Loss Programs and Consumption of Natural Probiotic Bryndza Cheese on Gut Microbiota Composition in Women$$$ Weight loss interventions with probiotics have favourable effects on gut microbiota composition and derived metabolites. However, little is known about whether the consumption of natural probiotics, such as Bryndza cheeses, brings similar benefits. The purpose of the study was to find the effect of short‐term weight loss programs and Bryndza cheese consumption on the structure of the gut microbiota, microbiota‐derived metabolites and body composition in middleaged women. We conducted a randomised controlled intervention study. Twenty‐two female participants with a body fat percentage ≥25% underwent a short weight loss program (4 weeks). Subjects were randomised to either the control or intervention group according to diet. The intervention group comprised 13 participants, whose diet contained 30 g of “Bryndza” cheese daily (WLPB). The control group comprised nine participants without the regular consumption of Bryndza cheese (WLP) in their diet. Both interventions lead to a significant and favourable change of BMI, body fat, waist circumference and muscle mass. Moreover, the relative abundance of Erysipelotrichales significantly increased in both groups. However, the relative abundance of lactic acid bacteria (Lactobacillales, Streptococcaceae, Lactococcus and Streptococcus) significantly increased only in the WLPB group. Furthermore, short‐chain fatty acid producers Phascolarctobacterium and Butyricimonas increased significantly in the WLPB group. A short‐term weight loss program combined with Bryndza cheese consumption improves body composition and increases the abundance of lactic acid bacteria and short‐chain fatty acid producers in middle‐aged women.
Diets with high-fat cheese, high-fat meat, or carbohydrate on cardiovascular risk markers in overweight postmenopausal women: a randomized crossover trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Heart associations recommend limited intake of saturated fat. However, effects of saturated fat on low‐density lipoprotein (LDL)‐cholesterol concentrations and cardiovascular disease risk might depend on nutrients and specific saturated fatty acids (SFAs) in food. OBJECTIVE: We explored the effects of cheese and meat as sources of SFAs or isocaloric replacement with carbohydrates on blood lipids, lipoproteins, and fecal excretion of fat and bile acids. DESIGN: The study was a randomized, crossover, open‐label intervention in 14 overweight postmenopausal women. Three full‐diet periods of 2‐wk duration were provided separated by 2‐wk washout periods. The isocaloric diets were as follows: 1) a high‐cheese (96‐120‐g) intervention [i.e., intervention containing cheese (CHEESE)], 2) a macronutrient‐matched nondairy, high‐meat control [i.e., nondairy control with a high content of high‐fat processed and unprocessed meat in amounts matching the saturated fat content from cheese in the intervention containing cheese (MEAT)], and 3) a nondairy, low‐fat, high‐carbohydrate control (i.e., nondairy low‐fat control in which the energy from cheese fat and protein was isocalorically replaced by carbohydrates and lean meat (CARB). RESULTS: The CHEESE diet caused a 5% higher high‐density lipoprotein (HDL)‐cholesterol concentration (P = 0.012), an 8% higher apo A‐I concentration (P < 0.001), and a 5% lower apoB:apo A‐I ratio (P = 0.008) than did the CARB diet. Also, the MEAT diet caused an 8% higher HDL‐cholesterol concentration (P < 0.001) and a 4% higher apo A‐I concentration (P = 0.033) than did the CARB diet. Total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, apoB, and triacylglycerol were similar with the 3 diets. Fecal fat excretion was 1.8 and 0.9 g higher with the CHEESE diet than with CARB and MEAT diets (P < 0.001 and P = 0.004, respectively) and 0.9 g higher with the MEAT diet than with the CARB diet (P = 0.005). CHEESE and MEAT diets caused higher fecal bile acid excretion than did the CARB diet (P < 0.05 and P = 0.006, respectively). The dominant type of bile acids excreted differed between CHEESE and MEAT diets. CONCLUSIONS: Diets with cheese and meat as primary sources of SFAs cause higher HDL cholesterol and apo A‐I and, therefore, appear to be less atherogenic than is a low‐fat, high‐carbohydrate diet. Also, our findings confirm that cheese increases fecal fat excretion. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01739153.
Acute effects of whey protein isolate on blood pressure, vascular function and inflammatory markers in overweight, post-menopausal women$$$ Background: The health benefits currently associated with increased dairy intake may be attributable to the whey component of dairy proteins. This study investigated the postprandial effects of whey protein isolate on blood pressure, vascular function and inflammatory markers in overweight and obese, postmenopausal women, a population highly susceptible to cardiovascular disease. Methods: A 3‐way crossover design study was conducted where 20 overweight or obese, postmenopausal women were randomised to consume either 45g whey protein isolate, 45g sodium caseinate or 45g of glucose in conjunction with a breakfast meal. Measurements and blood samples were taken for up to 6 hours. Results: After consumption of the meal, both systolic and diastolic blood pressure, and augmentation index (AI) decreased initially for all interventions and gradually returned to baseline levels by 6hrs. However, there were no significant differences in augmentation index, systolic or diastolic blood pressure within or between the glucose control, casein or whey groups. There were also no significant group effects on plasma inflammatory markers IL‐6, TNF‐ α and CRP concentrations. Conclusions: The health effects previously seen with chronic whey protein ingestion were not seen in the acute 6 hour postprandial period in relation to blood pressure, vascular function or inflammatory markers when compared to casein and a glucose control. Therefore this study demonstrated that supplementation with whey proteins are better observed from long‐term consumption of whey proteins in overweight and obese individuals.
The effect of television watching and portion size on intake during a meal$$$ Watching television while eating and eating from larger portion sizes of food are factors that have been found to independently increase food intake. When combined, these factors may further enhance consumption. This investigation, using a 4 × 2 × 2 mixed factorial design, with a between‐subjects factor of order of conditions and within‐subjects factors of television watching (NO TV and TV) and portion size (SMALL and LARGE), tested the independent effects and interaction of these factors in seventeen women and three men (21.6 ± 2.3 kg/m2, 22.3 ± 3.7 years, 80% white and 95% non‐Hispanic). In each condition, participants had 30 min to eat a meal containing macaroni and cheese and salad with dressing. For NO TV, participants sat for 30 min while eating, while for TV, participants viewed a 30‐min show containing no food cues while eating. In SMALL the meal provided 1083 kcal, while in LARGE the meal provided 200% of SMALL. Mixed factorial analysis of variance revealed a significant main effect of portion size on grams and energy consumed of the total meal. Participants consumed more grams (577.9 ± 150.5 g vs. 453.1 ± 96.6 g$$$ p < 0.001) and energy (903.9 ± 270.4 kcal vs. 734.6 ± 187.1 kcal$$$ p < 0.001) in LARGE as compared to SMALL. No significant effect of television watching or interaction of television watching and portion size was found. Results of this study suggest that to assist with reducing intake, smaller portion sizes should be implemented in all types of eating situations.
First and second meal effects of pulses on blood glucose, appetite, and food intake at a later meal$$$ Pulses are low‐glycemic appetite‐suppressing foods, but it is not known whether these properties persist after being consumed as part of a meal and after a second meal. The objective of this study was to determine the effects of a fixed‐size pulse meal on appetite and blood glucose (BG) before and after an ad libitum test meal (pizza) and on food intake (FI) at the test meal. Males (n = 25$$$ 21.3 ± 0.5 years$$$ 21.6 ± 0.3 kg·m(‐2)) randomly consumed 4 isocaloric meals: chickpea$$$ lentil$$$ yellow split pea$$$ and macaroni and cheese (control). Commercially available canned pulses provided 250 kcal, and were consumed with macaroni and tomato sauce. FI was measured at a pizza meal 260 min after consumption of the isocaloric meal. BG and appetite were measured from 0 to 340 min. The lentil and yellow pea, but not chickpea, treatments led to lower appetite ratings during the 260 min prepizza meal period, and less FI at the pizza meal, compared with macaroni and cheese (p < 0.05). All pulse treatments lowered BG immediately following consumption (at 20 min) (p < 0.05), but there was no effect of treatment on prepizza meal BG AUC (p = 0.07). Immediately after the pizza meal, BG was lower following the chickpea and lentil treatments, but not the yellow pea treatment (p < 0.05). Postpizza meal BG AUC was lower following the chickpea and lentil treatments than in the yellow pea treatment (p < 0.05). The beneficial effects of consuming a pulse meal on appetite, FI at a later meal, and the BG response to a later meal are dependent on pulse type.
Inclusion of walnut in the diets of adults at risk for type 2 diabetes and their dietary pattern changes: a randomized, controlled, cross-over trial$$$ BACKGROUND: In our recently published study, including walnuts in the diets of adults with prediabetes led to overall improvement in diet quality. This report adds to those study findings by examining the food groups displaced during walnut inclusion in the diets of those adults with prediabetes. METHODS: Randomized, controlled, modified Latin square parallel design with 2 treatment arms. The 112 participants (31 men, 81 women) were randomly assigned to a diet with or without dietary counseling to regulate calorie intake in a 1:1 ratio. Within each treatment arm, participants were further randomized to 1 of 2 sequence permutations to receive a walnut‐included diet with 56 g (366 kcal) of walnuts per day and a walnut‐excluded diet. Participants in the calorie‐regulated arm received advice from a dietitian to preserve an isocaloric condition while including walnuts. We analyzed the 12 components of the 2010 Healthy Eating Index to examine dietary pattern changes of study participants. RESULTS: Seafood and plant protein foods intake significantly increased with walnut inclusion, compared with their exclusion (2.14±2.06 vs ‐0.49±2.33$$$ p=0.003). The ingestion of healthful fatty acids also significantly increased with walnut inclusion, compared with their exclusion (1.43±4.53 vs ‐1.76±4.80$$$ p=0.02). Dairy ingestion increased with walnut inclusion in the calorie‐regulated phase, compared with walnut inclusion without calorie regulation (1.06±4.42 vs ‐2.15±3.64$$$ p=0.02). CONCLUSIONS: Our data suggest that walnut inclusion in the diets of adults at risk for diabetes led to an increase in intake of other healthful foods. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NCT02330848.
Inclusion of walnut in the diets of adults at risk for type 2 diabetes and their dietary pattern changes: a randomized, controlled, cross-over trial$$$ Background: In our recently published study, including walnuts in the diets of adults with prediabetes led to overall improvement in diet quality. This report adds to those study findings by examining the food groups displaced during walnut inclusion in the diets of those adults with prediabetes. Methods: Randomized, controlled, modified Latin square parallel design with 2 treatment arms. The 112 participants (31 men, 81 women) were randomly assigned to a diet with or without dietary counseling to regulate calorie intake in a 1:1 ratio. Within each treatment arm, participants were further randomized to 1 of 2 sequence permutations to receive a walnutincluded diet with 56 g (366 kcal) of walnuts per day and a walnut‐excluded diet. Participants in the calorieregulated arm received advice from a dietitian to preserve an isocaloric condition while including walnuts. We analyzed the 12 components of the 2010 Healthy Eating Index to examine dietary pattern changes of study participants. Results: Seafood and plant protein foods intake significantly increased with walnut inclusion, compared with their exclusion (2.14±2.06 vs −0.49±2.33$$$ p=0.003). The ingestion of healthful fatty acids also significantly increased with walnut inclusion, compared with their exclusion (1.43±4.53 vs −1.76±4.80$$$ p=0.02). Dairy ingestion increased with walnut inclusion in the calorie‐regulated phase, compared with walnut inclusion without calorie regulation (1.06±4.42 vs −2.15±3.64$$$ p=0.02). Conclusions: Our data suggest that walnut inclusion in the diets of adults at risk for diabetes led to an increase in intake of other healthful foods.
Supplementation with CLA: isomer incorporation into serum lipids and effect on body fat of women$$$ Animal studies have suggested that CLA, a natural component of meat and dairy products, may confer beneficial effects on health. However, human studies using supplementation with CLA have produced contradictory results. The aim of the present study was to further investigate the effect of CLA supplementation on human body fat, serum leptin, and serum lipids, as well as the incorporation of CLA isomers into serum lipids classes. Sixteen young healthy nonobese sedentary women received 2.1 g of CLA (divided equally between the cis,trans‐9,11 and trans,cis‐10,12 isomers) daily for 45 d and placebo for 45 d in a randomized double‐blind crossover design. Body fat was estimated (by measurement of skinfold thickness at 10 sites), and blood was sampled at the beginning, middle, and end of the entire intervention period$$$ an additional blood sample was obtained 2 wk thereafter. No significant differences in energy, carbohydrate, lipid, or protein intake existed between the CLA and placebo intake periods. No significant differences were found in body fat or serum leptin, TAG, total cholesterol, HDL‐cholesterol, and alanine aminotransferase between CLA and placebo. The CLA isomer content of serum TAG, phospholipids, and total lipids increased 2‐5 times with CLA supplementation (P < 0.05). In contrast, the CLA content of cholesteryl esters did not change significantly. The period of 2 wk after the end of CLA supplementation was sufficient for its washout from serum lipids. These data indicate that supplementation with 2.1 g of CLA daily for 45 d increased its levels in blood but had no effect on body composition or the lipidemic profile of nonobese women.
Comprehensive approach for hypertension control in low-income populations: rationale and study design for the hypertension control program in argentina$$$ Although the efficacy and effectiveness of lifestyle modifications and antihypertensive pharmaceutical treatment for the prevention and control of hypertension and concomitant cardiovascular disease have been demonstrated in randomized controlled trials, this scientific knowledge has not been fully applied in the general population, especially in low‐income communities. This article summarizes interventions to improve hypertension management and describes the rationale and study design for a cluster randomized trial testing whether a comprehensive intervention program within a national public primary care system will improve hypertension control among uninsured hypertensive men and women and their families. We will recruit 1,890 adults from 18 clinics within a public primary care network in Argentina. Clinic patients with uncontrolled hypertension, their spouses and hypertensive family members will be enrolled. The comprehensive intervention program targets the primary care system through health care provider education, a home‐based intervention among patients and their families (home delivery of antihypertensive medication, self‐monitoring of blood pressure [BP], health education for medication adherence and lifestyle modification) conducted by community health workers and a mobile health intervention. The primary outcome is net change in systolic BP from baseline to month 18 between intervention and control groups among hypertensive study participants. The secondary outcomes are net change in diastolic BP, BP control and cost‐effectiveness of the intervention. This study will generate urgently needed data on effective, practical and sustainable intervention programs aimed at controlling hypertension and concomitant cardiovascular disease in underserved populations in low‐ and middle‐income countries.
The Jacki Jacket after mastectomy with reconstruction: a randomized pilot study$$$ Background: Breast cancer patients undergoing mastectomy with reconstruction (TM + R) often experience post‐operative discomfort from surgical drains. Despite a variety of garment options for use in the post‐operative period, high‐quality data assessing the impact of specific garments on post‐operative pain are lacking. We report the results of a prospective randomized trial assessing the impact of the Jacki Jacket (JJ), a long‐sleeve jacket with inner drain receptacle pockets, on post‐discharge pain and quality of life (QOL) after TM + R. Methods: Breast cancer patients undergoing TM + R at a single institution were randomized post‐operatively to receive a JJ or usual care (UC). Participant‐reported demographics, pain intensity, and QOL were collected on post‐operative day 1 (T1). Following discharge, participants completed a daily pain and medication dairy (T2)$$$ on day of drain(s) removal (T3), participants again completed pain and QOL questionnaires. Linear models were used to evaluate associations between JJ use, post‐operative pain, and QOL. Results: From 3/8/17 to 12/20/17, 139 women were randomized. All participants completed T1 measures, 102 returned the T2 diary, and 118 (84.9%) completed T3 questionnaires. There was no significant difference in pain scores between JJ and UC arms at any timepoint. Adjusting for surgery type, age, marital status, depression, and obesity, participants randomized to JJ reported significantly better body image scores (estimate = 12.94, p = 0.009). There were no adverse events. Conclusions: Although JJ garment use did not impact post‐operative pain intensity scores, the significant impact of JJ use on body image supports consideration for inclusion of such garments in post‐operative care for patients undergoing TM + R. Clinical Trial Registration Information: Registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT number NCT02976103, November 18, 2016.
Role of protein and fat content, and protein/carbohydrate ratio in weight maintenance? The DiOGenes Study$$$ Introduction: Diets high in protein with reduced carbohydrate content have been shown to produce weight loss and improve body composition. The randomized DiOGenes study found a weight maintaining effect of higher protein / low glycaemic index diet. Whether the effect is due to increased protein or reduced carbohydrate is uncertain, as is the role played by increased fat content. Objectives: To determine if "protein as proportion of total energy" or "protein: carbohydrate (P:CHO) ratio" are equally predictive determinants of changes in body weight (BW) and composition after weight loss in obese and overweight adults in the DiOGenes study. Furthermore, to examine and compare P:CHO ratio and protein intake as predictors of BW regain. Method / Design: The study consisted of an 8 week weight loss phase and 6 month weight maintenance phase (WM). During WM subjects were randomized to five diets, differing in protein and glycaemic index. Analyses were based on pooled data from all subjects. Results: Increased P:CHO ratio was significantly associated with decreased BW regain (beta = ‐0.48, p=0.006). A non‐significant trend for decreased fat mass regain (kg) with increased P:CHO ratio was also observed (p=0.06). P:CHO ratio and protein intake (E%) were found to be equally strong predictors of body weight regain. Proportion of energy from fat increased with increasing P:CHO ratio. Increase in fat content up to 30% of energy was positively associated with weight gain, but further increase in fat content was inversely associated with weight gain. Conclusions: These results suggest that weight control can be achieved both by increasing protein content, and reducing carbohydrate intake to increase the ratio of protein to carbohydrate in the diet. An increase in fat content above 30% of energy does not impair weight control, suggesting that inclusion of nutrient‐dense fatty foods (e.g. fish, eggs, cheese, and meat) may be advantageous.
Exploring consumerś attitudes related to healthy nutrition in the context of reading labels$$$ Introduction: Consumers education on reading labels is one of the elements of prevention and treatment of overweight and obesity. The main objective of the study was to obtain information that will help build efec‐tive communication to consumers by identifying insights (barriers, beliefs, unmet needs) related to healthy eating and reading labels. Methods: The study was conducted in May and June 2016 among a randomly selected adults (20‐45 years), divided into 6 groups of 4‐6 people, in three Polish cities (Warsaw, Torun, Srem). Tose were healthy individuals, which are not on any diet, responsible for food shopping in the household. A qualitative consumer research ‐ FGI (Focus Group Interviews) was used. Results: In most cases consumers do everyday food shopping schemat‐ically, choose the same products, following their taste preferences and attachment to the brand. Tey belived that ingredients of the products are responsible for their quality, but in practice few people thoroughly an‐alyzes them, because they do not have knowledge of what they should pay attention. Tey are aware that a table of nutritional value is on the package, but the vast majority do not pay attention to it because they see it to be too complicated. Conclusion: The effective consumers education on reading labels should be simple, based on the idea of smart shopping ‐ you have a choice, make it smart, better. The best way is to give practical and clear message ie. to choose better cheese for you, compare it to another and buy this one with lower salt content.
Improved dietary quality in women with previous gestational diabetes: secondary analysis of a randomised trial$$$ Women with previous gestational diabetes are seven times more likely to develop type 2 diabetes compared with those with normoglycaemic pregnancies(1). Prevention of diabetes is possible$$$ women with previous of gestational diabetes had 50% reduced incidence with a combination of moderate exercise and weight loss provided as a US diabetes prevention group‐based program(2). The dietary quality of women with gestational diabetes is reported to be low(3) and we aimed to evaluate the effectiveness of a group‐based lifestyle modification program improving dietary quality in women with previous gestational diabetes within their first postnatal year. 573 women were randomised to intervention (n = 284) or usual care (n = 289). The diabetes prevention intervention comprised one individual session, five group sessions, and two telephone sessions. Dietary data was collected at baseline and twelve months using a validated food frequency questionnaire, which was recoded using the Australian Recommended Food Score (ARFS)(3). The ARFS category scores (vegetables, 22$$$ fruit, grains, protein, 14 each$$$ nuts/legumes, dairy, 7 each$$$ fat, 1$$$ alcohol, 2) are summed to provide a total ARFS of 74. Mixed model analyses investigated the effect of the intervention on ARFS. A per‐protocol‐set (PPS) was defined a priori to exclude women who did not receive minimum exposure to the intervention. The baseline total ARFS mean (SD) was 31 8 (8 9). No significant changes were seen in the total ARFS (intention‐to‐treat [ITT] and PPS analysis) over 12 months. The significant mean changes in ARFS sub‐scores were as follows: ‐0 2 nuts and legumes in intervention group (95%CI ‐0 36, ‐0 05) compared with +0 03 (SD) in usual care group (95%CI ‐0 13, 0 18) (group by treatment interaction ITT, p= 0 04)$$$ +0 28 dairy in intervention group (95%CI 0 08, 0 48) compared with +0 02 in usual care group (95%CI ‐0 14, 0 18) (group by treatment PPS interaction p = 0 05)$$$ and +0 16 fats in intervention group (95%CI 0 05, 0 26) compared with +0 02 in usual care group (95%CI ‐0 06, 0 09) (group by treatment PPS interaction p = 0 03). Our results confirm that women with previous gestational diabetes have low diet quality. Intervention engagement influenced dietary quality within the PPS showing changes in dietary quality that aligns with group session attendance. Further research is needed to improve engagement with diabetes prevention programs, potentially through embedding interventions into standard care and increased use of mobile technology.
Dietary patterns and blood pressure in African Americans$$$ Hypertension is a highly prevalent risk factor for vascular disease, particularly among African Americans. The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) study demonstrated that providing diets with 8‐10 fruits and vegetables and 2‐3 low‐fat dairy foods per day significantly lowered blood pressure. A recent reanalysis showed even stronger effects for African Americans. Studies are needed to translate these findings into methods of effecting dietary change in high‐risk populations.
The effects of mastication and sweetness on cephalic phase responses$$$ INTERVENTION: At the day of the test sessions, a canulla is inserted after which the participant has to feel " good" (this will be asked to the participant) for at least 30 minutes. After that the sham feed experiment will start. Participants will be asked to sham feed on one type of model food and will be instructed when to eat a new gel and when to spit out. Participants will chew approximately 30 gels of 5 gram in +/‐ 15 minutes. During the sham feed period 9 blood drawings will be taken and participants are asked to fill in appetite questionnaires. During the ad libitum intake video recordings will be made. Markers (stickers) will be placed on the chin and nose of the participant to measure chin movement. Based on the movements of the chin chewing behaviour will be determined (22). All subjects will eat all four types of model foods in a randomized order, one type per session. After the sham feeding experiment participants will be invited to the lunch room where they will receive a glass of water and buns with cheese, ham, hazelnut pasta, or strawberry jam from which they can eat until pleasantly full. After the ad libitum breakfast/lunch participants will again be asked to fill in an appetite questionnaire. CONDITION: Overgewicht of Obesitas $$$ Obesity $$$ Overweight PRIMARY OUTCOME: The main parameters of interest are glucose levels, Insulin, PP, Ghrelin, FFA $$$ and Leptin hormonal responses.$$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: The secondary study parameter is intake in gram during an ad libitum lunch $$$ meal. $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: * Male * Between 18‐35 years old at the day of inclusion * Able to understand and speak Dutch or English fluently or without difficulty * BMI 18.5‐25 kg/m2 * Good general health and appetite (F1 questionnaire and judge by the subject) * Eating three meals a day around the same time (self‐report, see F1 questionnaire)
Dietary manipulation of beta cell autoimmunity in infants at increased risk of type 1 diabetes: a pilot study$$$ AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: We aimed to assess the feasibility of a dietary intervention trial with weaning to hydrolysed formula in infants at increased risk of type 1 diabetes and to study the effect of the intervention on the emergence of diabetes‐associated autoantibodies in early childhood. METHODS: We studied 242 newborn infants who had a first‐degree relative with type 1 diabetes and carried risk‐associated HLA‐DQB1 alleles. After exclusive breastfeeding, the infants underwent a double‐blind, randomised pilot trial of either casein hydrolysate (Nutramigen$$$ Mead Johnson) or conventional cow's milk‐based formula until the age of 6‐8 months. During a mean observation period of 4.7 years, autoantibodies to insulin, anti‐glutamic acid decarboxylase and insulinoma‐associated antigen‐2 were measured by radiobinding assays, and islet cell antibodies (ICA) by immunofluorescence. RESULTS: The feasibility of screening and identifying a cohort of first‐degree relatives with HLA‐conferred disease susceptibility, enrolling them in a dietary intervention trial and following them for seroconversion to autoantibody positivity is established. The cumulative incidence of autoantibodies was somewhat smaller in the casein hydrolysate vs control formula group, suggesting the need for a larger well‐powered study. After adjustment for duration of study formula feeding, life‐table analysis showed a significant protection by the intervention from positivity for ICA (p=0.02) and at least one autoantibody (p=0.03). CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: The present study provides the first evidence ever in man, despite its limited power, that it may be possible to manipulate spontaneous beta cell autoimmunity by dietary intervention in infancy.
An acute intake of a walnut-enriched meal improves postprandial adiponectin response in healthy young adults$$$ A deficit in adiponectin plays an important causal role in insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome. We hypothesized that as seen during the fasting state, the intake of a walnut‐enriched meal increased postprandial adiponectin. Twenty‐one healthy white men followed a 4‐week baseline diet and then consumed 3 fat‐loaded meals that included 1 g fat/kg body weight (65% fat) according to a randomized crossover design: olive oil‐enriched meal (22% saturated fatty acids [SFA], 38% monounsaturated fatty acids [MUFA], 4% polyunsaturated fatty acids [PUFA]), butter‐enriched meal (35% SFA, 22% MUFA, 4% PUFA), and walnut‐enriched meal (20% SFA, 24% MUFA, 16% PUFA, and 4% α‐linolenic acid). Leptin, resistin, adiponectin, and free fatty acids were determined at 0, 3, 6, and 8.5 hours after the fat load. After the walnut‐enriched meal, plasma adiponectin concentrations were higher at 3 and 6 hours (P = .011, P = .046, respectively) compared with the butter‐enriched meal and higher at 6 hours compared with the olive oil‐enriched meal (P = .036). Free fatty acid levels decreased from baseline at 3 hours after the walnut‐enriched meal (P = .001). No differences were observed between the 3 meals for leptin and resistin responses. Our data confirmed a beneficial profile in the postprandial response to walnuts, source of omega‐3 PUFA with an increased postprandial adiponectin and lower postprandial free fatty acid responses. These findings suggest that the postprandial state is important for understanding the possible cardioprotective effects associated with omega‐3 PUFA dietary fat.
Blunted nutrient-response pathways in adipose tissue following high fat meals in men with metabolic syndrome: a randomized postprandial transcriptomic study$$$ Background: Excessive adipose tissue is central to disease burden posed by the Metabolic Syndrome (MetS). Whilst much is known of the altered transcriptomic regulation of adipose tissue under fasting conditions, little is known of the responses to high‐fat meals. Methods: Nineteen middle‐aged males (mean ± SD 52.0 ± 4.6 years), consumed two isocaloric high‐fat, predominately dairy‐based or soy‐based, breakfast meals. Abdominal subcutaneous adipose biopsies were collected after overnight fast (0 h) and 4 h following each meal. Global gene expression profiling was performed by microarray (Illumina Human WG‐6 v3). Results: In the fasted state, 13 genes were differently expressed between control and MetS adipose tissue (≥1.2 fold‐difference, p < 0.05). In response to the meals, the control participants had widespread increases in genes related to cellular nutrient responses (≥1.2 fold‐change, p < 0.05$$$ 2444 & 2367 genes$$$ dairy & soy, respectively). There was blunted response in the MetS group (≥1.2 fold‐change, p < 0.05$$$ 332 & 336 genes$$$ dairy & soy, respectively). Conclusions: In middle‐aged males with MetS, a widespread suppression of the subcutaneous adipose tissue nutrient responsive gene expression suggests an inflexibility in the transcriptomic responsiveness to both high‐fat meals.
Nutritional intervention, based on the Brazilian Cardioprotective Diet, with a physical exercise program, both in online format, to control health parameters in people in the late postoperative period stomach reduction surgery$$$ INTERVENTION: Open‐label, randomized, controlled clinical trial. A total of 125 people who meet the eligibility criteria will be randomly allocated into 2 distinct groups. Both researchers and participants will know the allocation group they are part of and the intervention they will be receiving. The multicomponent intervention group receives nutritional intervention based on the guidelines of Brazilian Cardioprotective Diet, with a behavioral approach, associated with an assisted physical exercise program, in accordance with the official guidelines of the World Health Organization (WHO) and scientific societies. Nutritional intervention will be carried out 1x/week and the following topics will be approached: 1) Importance of consumption of unprocessed and minimally processed food in everyday life$$$ 2) What are ultra‐processed foods and what are the reasons for avoiding them$$$ 3) Importance of eating carefully, in an appropriate environment and accompanied, when possible$$$ 4) Which foods should be avoided because they increase cardiovascular risk (cholesterol, saturated fat and sodium)$$$ 5) Importance of the presence of foods that contain cardioprotective nutrients (antioxidants and dietary fiber), with a focus on fruits, vegetables, legumes, milk and dairy products. The physical exercises will have a weekly frequency of 3 times and each one will be performed in two sets of 10 to 12 repetitions, with approximately one minute of rest between sets and exercises. Both nutrition and exercise sessions will be performed in an online format, with a total duration of 12 weeks. The control group will participate in a waiting list and will receive the multicomponent intervention after 12 weeks of data collection. CONDITION: E02.650.500.062 obesity and sarcopenia. PRIMARY OUTCOME: To evaluate the effect of the multicomponent intervention on sarcopenic obesity markers evaluated according to the consensus on sarcopenic obesity developed by the European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism (ESPEN) and the European Association for the Study of Obesity (EASO). The markers will be the force of palmar pressure, through the dynamometer$$$ a body composition, measured by the dual‐energy x‐ray absorptiometry technique$$$ functionality and muscle strength through testicles such as sit and stand, timed up and go (TUG), and a five‐minute walk. It is expected that after 12 weeks of multicomponent intervention, there will be a significant improvement (p<0.05) in muscle strength and function, verified through the improvement of performance in functional tests and body composition, with a reduction in body weight, an increase in the percentage of fat‐free mass, and reduction of the percentage of adipose tissue INCLUSION CRITERIA: Adults who are physically inactive$$$ age between 18 and 60 years$$$ both sexes$$$ submitted to bariatric surgery for more than 5 years, by the Unified Health System (SUS) or in private clinics$$$ residents of the Federal District SECONDARY OUTCOME: Evaluate the effect of the multicomponent intervention on the participant&apos$$$s global health. Global health will be assessed using office blood pressure, biochemical markers (plasma concentrations of glucose, insulin, glycated hemoglobin, blood count, lipogram), liver function (concentrations of oxaloacetate transaminase and glutamic pyruvic transaminase), markers of renal function (urea serum creatinine, glomerular filtration rate), sleep quality, using the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index, and resting energy expenditure, using indirect calorimetry. The usual food consumption will be evaluated, through the application of a 24‐hour recall, and the quality of the diet, through the application of the ultra‐processed food consumption tracking instrument, applied in the Risk and Protective Factors Surveillance System for Chronic Diseases by Telephone Inquiry (VIGITEL). Eating behavior and body image perception will be evaluated through the application of validated questionnaires, the Three Factor Eating Questionnaire (TFEQ), and the Body Appreciation Scale (BAS), respectively. It is expected that after 12 weeks of multicomponent intervention, there will be a significant improvement (p<0.05) in health markers, through the improvement of biochemical markers, and sleep quality$$$ food consumption, by increasing the amount and frequency of in unprocessed and minimally processed foods with low caloric density, and reducing the consumption of ultra‐processed foods with high caloric density$$$ and improvement of eating behavior, by reducing scores related to emotional eating, dismayed eating, uncontrolled eating, and increased conscious eating and body appreciation
Casein improves brachial and central aortic diastolic blood pressure in overweight adolescents: a randomised, controlled trial$$$ Arterial stiffness, blood pressure (BP) and blood lipids may be improved by milk in adults and the effects may be mediated via proteins. However, limited is known about the effects of milk proteins on central aortic BP and no studies have examined the effects in children. Therefore, the present trial examined the effect of milk and milk proteins on brachial and central aortic BP, blood lipids, inflammation and arterial stiffness in overweight adolescents. A randomised controlled trial was conducted in 193 overweight adolescents aged 12‐15 years. They were randomly assigned to drink 1 litre of water, skimmed milk, whey or casein for 12 weeks. The milk‐based test drinks contained 35 g protein/l. The effects were compared with the water group and a pretest control group consisting of thirty‐two of the adolescents followed 12 weeks before the start of the intervention. Outcomes were brachial and central aortic BP, pulse wave velocity and augmentation index, serum C‐reactive protein and blood lipids. Brachial and central aortic diastolic BP (DBP) decreased by 2.7% (P = 0.036) and 2.6 % (P = 0.048), respectively, within the casein group and the changes were significantly different from those of the pretest control group (P = 0.040 and P = 0.034, respectively). There was a significant increase in central aortic DBP, and in brachial and central systolic BP in the whey group compared with the water group (P = 0.003, P = 0.009 and P = 0.002, respectively). There were no changes in measures of arterial stiffness or blood lipid concentrations. A high intake of casein improves DBP in overweight adolescents. Thus, casein may be beneficial for younger overweight subjects in terms of reducing the long‐term risk of CVD. In contrast, whey protein seems to increase BP compared with drinking water$$$ however, water may be considered an active control group.
The effect of probiotic cheese consumption on inflammatory and anti-inflammatory markers, disease severity, and symptoms in patients with rheumatoid arthritis: study protocol for a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial$$$ Background: In recent decades, several studies have shown changes in the intestinal microflora among patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA). Therapeutic measures using probiotics have shown favorable effects on the recovery of these patients. However, most studies have used probiotic supplements. In this study, we aimed to investigate the effect of probiotic cheese consumption on inflammatory and anti‐inflammatory factors, disease severity, and symptoms in these patients. Methods: This study is a randomized, double‐blind clinical trial, in which forty patients with mild to moderate severity of RA will be randomly allocated to receive either 30 g/day probiotic cheese (n = 20) or only low‐salt and low‐fat cheese without any added probiotic (n = 20) for 12 weeks. Assessment of anthropometric measures and biochemical indicators, including serum concentrations of high‐sensitivity C‐reactive protein (hs‐CRP), tumor necrosis factor‐α (TNF‐α), interleukin‐6 (IL‐6), and interleukin‐10 (IL‐10), will be done at the study baseline and end of the trial. In addition, disease severity and disability will be assessed by DAS‐28 and the HAQ‐DI questionnaire, respectively. Discussion: Diet is the leading environmental factor affecting the gut microbiota. A prebiotic‐rich diet and probiotics might be beneficial in this regard. To the best of our knowledge, the effect of probiotic supplements on inflammation in these patients has widely been assessed$$$ however, there is only one study that examined the effect of probiotic‐containing food in these patients. Further studies are needed to investigate the effect of probiotic‐containing foods on inflammatory markers and symptoms in patients with RA. Trial registration: Iranian Registry of Clinical Trials IRCT20201120049449N1. Registered on 14 February 2021.
Moclobemide: therapeutic use and clinical studies$$$ Moclobemide is a reversible inhibitor of monoamine‐oxidase‐A (RIMA) and has been extensively evaluated in the treatment of a wide spectrum of depressive disorders and less extensively studied in anxiety disorders, Nearly all meta‐analyses and most comparative studies indicated that in the acute management of depression this drug is more efficacious than placebo and as efficacious as tricyclic (or some heterocyclic) antidepressants or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), There is a growing evidence that moclobemide is not inferior to other antidepressants in the treatment of subtypes of depression, such as dysthymia, endogenous (unipolar and bipolar), reactive, atypical, agitated, and retarded depression as with other antidepressants limited evidence suggests that moclobemide has consistent long‐term efficacy. However, more controlled studies addressing this issue are needed. For patients with bipolar depression the risk of developing mania seems to be not higher with moclobemide than with other antidepressants. The effective therapeutic dose range for moclobemide in most acute phase trials was 300 to 600 mg, divided in 2 to 3 doses. While one controlled trial and one long‐term open‐label study found moclobemide to be efficacious in social phobia, three controlled trials subsequently revealed either no effect or less robust effects with the tendency of higher doses (600 ‐ 900 mg/d) to be more efficacious. Two comparative trials demonstrated moclobemide to be as efficacious as fluoxetine or clomipramine in patients suffering from panic disorder. Placebocontrolled trials in this indication are, however, still lacking. A relationship between the plasma concentration of moclobemide and its therapeutic efficacy is not apparent but a positive correlation with adverse events has been found. Dizziness, nausea and insomnia occurred more frequently on moclobemide than on placebo. Due to negligible anticholinergic and antihistaminic actions, moclobemide has been better tolerated than tri‐ or heterocyclic antidepressants. Gastrointestinal side effects and, especially, sexual dysfunction were much less frequent with moclobemide than with SSRIs. Unlike irreversible MAO‐inhibitors, moclobemide has a negligible propensity to induce hypertensive crisis after ingestion of tyramine‐rich food ("cheese‐reaction"). Therefore, dietary restrictions are not as strict. However, with moclobemide doses above 900 mg/d the risk of interaction with ingested tyramine might become clinically relevant. After multiple dosing the oral bioavailability of moclobemide reaches almost 100%. At therapeutic doses, moclobemide lacks significant negative effects on psychomotor performance, cognitive function or cardiovascular system. Due to the relative freedom from these side effects, moclobemide is particularly attractive in the treatment of elderly patients. Moclobemide is a substrate of CYP2C19. Although it acts as an inhibitor of CYP1A2, CYP2C19, and CYP2D6, relatively few clinically important drug interactions involving moclobemide have been reported. It is relatively safe even in overdose. The drug has a short plasma elimination half‐life that allows switching to an alternative agent within 24 h. Since it is well tolerated, therapeutic doses can often be reached rapidly upon onset of treatment. Steady‐state plasma levels are reached approximately at one week following dose adjustment. Patients with renal dysfunction require no dose reduction in contrast to patients with severe hepatic impairment. Cases of refractory depression might improve with a combination of moclobemide with other antidepressants, such as clomipramine or a SSRI. Since this combination has rarely been associated with a potentially lethal serotonin syndrome, it requires lower entry doses, a slower dose titration and a more careful monitoring of patients. Combination therapy with moclobemide and other serotonergic agents, or opioids, should be undertaken with caution, although no serious adverse events have been published with therapeutic doses of moclobemide to date. On the basis of animal data the combined use of moclobemide with pethidine or dextropropoxyphene should be avoided. There is no evidence that moclobemide would increase body weight or produce seizures. Some preclinical data suggest that moclobemide may have anticonvulsant property.
Comparison between casein glycomacropeptide (CGMP-20) and free synthetic amino acids (AA) after a standardized meal on selected biomarkers in phenylketonuria (PKU) patients$$$ Background: Phenylketonuria (PKU) is a metabolic disorder with elevated blood levels of phenylalanine (Phe) due to deficiency of the enzyme phenylalanine hydroxylase. Casein glycomacropeptide (CGMP) is a natural peptide, released in whey during cheese making by the action of the enzyme chymosin. CGMP in its pure form does not contain Phe and this makes it nutritionally suitable as part of the diet for patients with PKU when supplemented with tyrosine, tryptophan, histidine, arginine, methionine, lysine and leucine. We investigated the influence of the following biomarkers when comparing the absorption of CGMP versus synthetic, free amino acids (AA): Ghrelin, glucose, insulin, Peptide‐Tyrosine‐Tyrosine (PYY), Cholecystokinin (CCK), Glucagon‐like‐peptide‐1 (GLP‐1) and Blood Urea Nitrogen (BUN). Lacprodan1 CGMP‐20 is the name of the product used in this study. Methods: Patients (7 females, 1 male, age 15‐48 (mean 33.25 + Standard deviation (SD) 11.21), weight 47‐85 kg (mean 72.8 + SD 15.9) were received in the clinic in the morning, fasting. They had been selected from the Kennedy Centre database from the following criteria: well treated from birth, age >15, and classical PKU. All patients had 4 identical visits in randomized order and had a new drink mixture (DM 1‐4) at every visit, containing CGMP or AA. The four DM were designed as follows: DM1:100% CGMP, DM2:100% AA (=DM1), DM3:78.4% CGMP+19.6% AA, DM4:100% AA (=DM3). Ghrelin was measured at time 0 (fasting) right before eating the meal), 15, 30, 60, 120, and 240 minutes after the meal. The rest of the biomarkers were measured at time 0 and 240 minutes. Results: None of the seven nutritional parameters showed a significant change from baseline (time 0) to 240 min: DM1: Ghrelin (P = .454), glucose (P = .334), insulin (P = .563), PYY (P = .981), CCK (P = .523), GLP‐1 (P = .871), and BUN (P = .260). DM2: Ghrelin (P = .180), glucose (P = .935), insulin (P = .726), PYY (P = 1.000), CCK (P = .910), GLP‐1 (P = 0.420) and BUN (P = .800). DM3: Ghrelin (P = .473), glucose (P = .071), insulin (P = .484), PYY (P = .382), CCK (P = .620), GLP‐1 (P = .131) and BUN (P = .937). DM4 Ghrelin (P = .986), glucose (P = .906), insulin (P = .537), PYY (P = .985), CCK (P = .297), GLP‐ 1 (P = .068) and BUN (P = .991). Conclusion: None of the selected biomarkers did significantly change from time 0 to 240 min after a meal. Thus, CGMP may be useful as a supplement in the PKU diet.
Effects of an oral hydro-ethanolic purple coneflower extract on performance, clinical health and immune parameters in calves$$$ The objective of this randomized, placebo‐controlled, double‐blinded field trial was to investigate the effects of oral administration of purple coneflower (Echinacea purpurea L. (EP)) on performance, health and immune parameters in calves. Calves (n = 27) were enrolled to three groups (9 calves per group): 0.5 g EP/calf per day (ECL), 5 g EP/calf per day (ECH) or placebo. Calves were vaccinated with Bluetongue‐Virus (BTV) serotype 4 vaccine to investigate EPs effects on seroconversion. Clinical and performance parameters, inter alia body weight, health and milk intake were recorded for 57 days. Blood samples were analyzed for BTV antibodies and IgG by ELISA, white and red blood cell counts by flow cytometry and mRNA abundance of various inflammatory markers in leukocytes (IL‐1β, IL‐8, tumor necrosis factor α (TNFα), cyclooxygenase 2 (Cox‐2) and prostaglandin E synthase) was studied. The findings demonstrated no differences between groups regarding performance parameters. In all groups, calves suffered from diarrhea for a minimum of 2 days, but EP reduced the number of diarrhea days by 44% in ECL and increased the body temperature. Interestingly, ECL resulted in an increased number of respiratory disease days during the follow‐up period. EP did not change blood cell and IgG counts, whereas eosinophil granulocytes were reduced in ECL. Decreased levels of hemoglobin and hematocrit were found in ECH. Prostaglandin E synthase levels in leukocytes were higher in ECL and ECH, whereas no differences were obtained for IL‐1β, IL‐8, TNFα and Cox‐2. Due to the unexpected occurrence of BTV seropositive calves before the first vaccination, 13 calves were excluded from the evaluation on seroconversion and no statistical analyses could be performed regarding antibody production. BTV‐4 antibodies were not produced in 4 placebo‐calves, whereas 4 of 5 and 1 of 6 ECL‐ and ECH‐calves produced antibodies. Further investigations are needed to draw final conclusions on mode of action and efficacy of EP in calves.
Immune activation markers in peripartum women in Botswana: association with feeding strategy and maternal morbidity$$$ Hormone levels shift the immune state in HIV‐uninfected pregnant and breastfeeding women away from Th1 responses and toward regulation to permit fetal tolerance. Limited data exist on inflammation during pregnancy or postpartum in HIV‐infected women, though certain inflammatory markers are associated with adverse health outcomes among HIV‐infected persons. We measured hsCRP, D‐dimer, IFN‐γ, IL‐6, IL‐10 and TNF‐α at 34 weeks gestation and six months postpartum in HIV‐infected women from the Botswana Mashi PMTCT trial who were randomized to breastfeeding or formula‐feeding. Differences in inflammatory markers between gestation and postpartum periods, and by randomized feeding method, were estimated using generalized estimating equations, adjusting for baseline plasma HIV‐1 viral load, CD4 count, calendar time, and antiretroviral treatment status. Additionally, we studied the association between marker concentrations at six months postpartum and major adverse clinical events over the following 4.5 years, using case‐cohort sampling and adjusted Cox proportional hazards models. In 86 breastfeeding and 75 formula‐feeding women, hsCRP and D‐dimer decreased significantly between 34 weeks gestation and six months postpartum, while IFN‐γ increased. There was no significant association between inflammatory marker change and randomized feeding method after adjusting for multiple comparisons and removing outliers. In univariate analysis, TNF‐α, D‐dimer, and IFN‐γ concentrations at six months postpartum were significant predictors of subsequent clinical events, and TNF‐α remained significant in multivariate analysis (HR = 4.16, p = 0.001). In young HIV‐infected women in Botswana inflammatory marker concentrations did not differ significantly between women who breast‐ vs. formula‐fed. However, postpartum TNF‐α level was predictive of subsequent adverse clinical event.
Hypocaloric diet supplemented with probiotic cheese improves body mass index and blood pressure indices of obese hypertensive patients--a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled pilot study$$$ BACKGROUND: Gut lactobacilli can affect the metabolic functions of healthy humans. We tested whether a 1500 kcal/d diet supplemented with cheese containing the probiotic Lactobacillus plantarum TENSIA (Deutsche Sammlung für Mikroorganismen, DSM 21380) could reduce some symptoms of metabolic syndrome in Russian adults with obesity and hypertension. METHODS: In this 3‐week, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, parallel pilot study, 25 subjects ingested probiotic cheese and 15 ingested control cheese. Fifty grams of each cheese provided 175 kcal of energy. Blood pressure (BP), anthropometric characteristics, markers of liver and kidney function, metabolic indices (plasma glucose, lipids, and cholesterol), and urine polyamines were measured. Counts of fecal lactobacilli and L. plantarum TENSIA were evaluated using molecular methods. The data were analyzed by t‐test for independent samples and Spearman's partial correlation analysis. RESULTS: The probiotic L. plantarum TENSIA was present in variable amounts (529.6 ± 232.5 gene copies) in 16/25 (64%) study subjects. Body mass index (BMI) was significantly reduced (p = 0.031) in the probiotic cheese group versus the control cheese group. The changes in BMI were closely associated with the water content of the body (r = 0.570, p = 0.0007) when adjusted for sex and age. Higher values of intestinal lactobacilli after probiotic cheese consumption were associated with higher BMI (r = 0.383, p = 0.0305) and urinary putrescine content (r = 0.475, p = 0.006). In patients simultaneously treated with BP‐lowering drugs, similar reductions of BP were observed in both groups. A positive association was detected between TENSIA colonization and the extent of change of morning diastolic BP (r = 0.617, p = 0.0248) and a trend toward lower values of morning systolic BP (r = ‐0.527, p = 0.0640) at the end of the study after adjusting for BMI, age, and sex. CONCLUSION: In a pilot study of obese hypertensive patients, a hypocaloric diet supplemented with a probiotic cheese helps to reduce BMI and arterial BP values, recognized symptoms of metabolic syndrome.
Menopause anxiety and depression$$$ how food can help?$$$ BACKGROUND: Anxiety and depression are reported as two major frequent and chief complaints among peri‐menopausal women in several societies. AIM: The objective of the study was to study the effect of using two dietary supplements to beat depression and anxiety associated with menopause. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Sixty‐six volunteers’ menopausal women participated on the study for 8 weeks, 35 subjects consumed daily cookies prepared mainly from soya flour and flaxseed, and 31 females consumed daily a blend composed mainly of raw unroasted peanut and raw sesame. Follow‐up was performed with menopause rating scale, anxiety score, depression score, and biochemical parameters. RESULTS: Soya cookies were rich in plant‐based protein and total phenols while blend was a good source of unsaturated fatty acid. Blend consumers showed significant percentage reduction in beck anxiety score and beck depression score after intervention, more than cookies consumers group. The anthropometrics parameters were statistical significant changed on both groups, more on the group who consumed the soya cookies. Soya cookies demonstrated an anti‐inflammatory effect, while blend had an antioxidant and anti‐inflammatory effects as was shown on the serum assay of interleukin‐6 and malondialdehyde as an inflammatory marker and an antioxidant marker, respectively. CONCLUSION: From the results, it can be concluded that the supplementation of products enriched with unsaturated fatty acid was more beneficial to slow down the psychological menopause symptoms than natural estrogen rich product consumption. of women’ menopause could develop a condition of.
Different quantities of two commercial liquid diets consumed by weight-losing cancer patients$$$ Twenty ambulatory, weight‐losing patients with advanced cancer of the lung, breast, or ovary were randomized to supplement their diet for 2 months with either of two commercial complete liquid diets, one containing intact milk proteins and the other partially hydrolyzed soy proteins. Both products were prescribed as sip feeds in addition to normal food. The patients consumed more of the hydrolysate‐containing product than of that with intact (milk) protein. The difference was significant and was maintained during both months of the study. An increase in total energy and protein was obtained in both groups, but was significant only with the hydrolysate product. At the end of the study there was no group difference in measures of nutritional status, but weight loss was halted in both groups.
Assessment of farmers' acceptance of veterinarians as human health advocates$$$ The project goal was to collaborate with veterinarians in delivering skin cancer information to a farming population. Two interventions and a control were utilized: in nine Wisconsin counties veterinarians delivered education materials as part of routine dairy herd health visits, veterinarians in nine additional counties provided client lists so education materials could be mailed, and veterinarians in nine control counties provided client lists but farmers received no education materials. A questionnaire was administered by phone to a random sample of farmers in each group, assessing knowledge, sun protection attitudes and behaviors, acceptance of veterinarians in a human health education role. Farmers responded quite favorably to veterinarians in this role. Veterinarians can be regarded as useful agents to disseminate health information to isolated rural populations.
Package unit size and amount of food: do both influence intake?$$$ OBJECTIVE: Large portions increase intake and are hypothesized to contribute to the obesity epidemic. However, it is unclear if portion size affects intake through changes in the unit size of available food or the overall amount of food available for consumption. Thus, this study examined the independent effects of package unit size and amount of food on intake. It was hypothesized that both variables would influence intake. RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: Non‐obese (BMI <30 kg/m(2)), non‐smoking, unrestrained, college‐aged men (n = 12) and women (n = 16) who regularly consumed (>or=3 times/wk) snack foods were randomly assigned to one of four groups crossing package unit size (small vs. large) and amount of food (small vs. large). Participants were given a box with 4 snack foods (potato chips, cheese crackers, cookies, and candy) packaged according to their assigned group to take home and eat over 3 days. Dependent variables were energy and gram intake of provided snack foods. RESULTS: An effect of amount of food was found (p < 0.01). A 100% increase in the amount of food provided produced an 81% increase in energy consumed from the snack foods [small amount, 21,037.6 +/‐ 10,852 kJ (5,028 +/‐ 2,596 kcal) vs. large amount, 11,640.7 +/‐ 4,914.1 kJ (2,782 +/‐ 1,174 kcal)]. No effect of package unit size was found. DISCUSSION: These results suggest that the amount of food available to eat strongly influences intake.
Fat intake and food choices during weight reduction with diet, behavioural modification and a lipase inhibitor$$$ OBJECTIVE: To study the composition of fat intake and fat‐rich meals consumed during a trial in which obese subjects were treated with a lipase‐inhibitor or placebo, with emphasis on food choices and eating hours. DESIGN: Patients were instructed to record all food and drink taken for four days prior to each dietician visit. The food diaries from all scheduled 15 treatment visits were analysed for nutritional content and composition and for temporal distribution. All meals containing 25 g of fat were defined as fat‐rich. SUBJECTS: Twenty‐eight women and six men, mean age 45.2 +/‐ 10.9 (SD) years with a mean body mass index of 37.3 +/‐ 3.3 (SD) kg m‐2 at the beginning of the study. RESULTS: Fat intake, both as absolute weight and as energy % was generally higher in the placebo group but no significant trend over time could be seen. Fat rich meals were increased by 59% towards the end of the study. Most fat rich meals were eaten at lunch and dinner. Cooking fat, fatty sauces, meat dishes and cheese contributed to the major proportion of fat, both for placebo and drug treated subjects. No major changes were seen in food choice over time. CONCLUSION: A lipase inhibitor may affect the amount of fat ingested but does not seem to change major sources of fat. The typical fat‐rich meal consumed by these subjects was a meat dish, consumed in the evening.
Long-term habituation to food in obese and nonobese women$$$ BACKGROUND: Habituation is a form of learning in which repeated exposure to a stimulus leads to a decrease in responding. Eating involves repeated presentation of the same food stimulus in a meal, and habituation is reliably observed within a meal such that faster rates of habituation are associated with less energy intake. It is possible that repeated presentation of the same food over days will lead to long‐term habituation, such that subjects habituate to foods repeated over meals. However, no research on long‐term habituation to food in humans has been conducted. OBJECTIVE: The current study was designed to assess long‐term habituation in 16 obese and 16 nonobese premenopausal women. DESIGN: Obese and nonobese women (aged 20‐50 y) were randomly assigned to receive a macaroni and cheese meal presented 5 times, either daily for 1 wk or once per week for 5 wk. RESULTS: In both obese and nonobese women, daily presentation of food resulted in faster habituation and less energy intake than did once‐weekly presentation of food. CONCLUSIONS: Long‐term habituation was observed when the same food was presented at daily meals but not when presented once weekly for 5 wk. These results provide the first evidence of long‐term habituation to food in women and show that memory of food over daily meals can increase the rate of habituation and reduce energy intake. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01208870.
Food selection and eating behaviour during weight maintenance intervention and 2-y follow-up in obese men$$$ OBJECTIVE: The aim was to assess long‐term changes in food consumption and eating behaviour during and 2 y after dietary counselling in weight‐reduced obese men. DESIGN: Observational study from a randomised controlled trial. SETTING: Outpatient clinic of a research institute. SUBJECTS: A total of 36 subjects with complete data on food intake during the study. Subjects were obese (mean body mass index (BMI) 32.8 kg/m2) men aged 35‐50 y, recruited by media advertising. INTERVENTIONS: Dietary counselling was included in 2 months weight reduction with very‐low‐energy‐diet and in 6 months weight maintenance programme, which also included physical activity counselling. This was followed by a 23 months unsupervised follow‐up with yearly assessments. Food intake was assessed six times during the study by 4‐day food records. Eating behaviour was assessed by Three‐Factor Eating Questionnaire (TFEQ). RESULTS: Increased consumption of low‐fat cheese, low‐fat margarine, vegetables and high‐fibre bread, and decreased consumption of sugar, sausage, high‐fat cheese, high‐fat margarine, fat products and sweets were observed during dietary counselling. Most of these changes returned later to prestudy consumption level. The relapse in dietary changes was partly associated with scoring low in restraint and high in disinhibition and hunger. CONCLUSION: In obese men, long‐term maintenance of dietary changes was difficult. New ways to ease self‐monitoring and increase self‐efficacy might be necessary to improve maintenance of dietary changes.
Does dietary fat affect inflammatory markers in overweight and obese individuals?-a review of randomized controlled trials from 2010 to 2016$$$ BACKGROUND: Obesity, a major cause of death and disability, is increasing worldwide. Obesity is characterized by a chronic, low‐grade inflammatory state which is suggested to play a critical role in the development of obesity‐related diseases like cardiovascular diseases and type 2 diabetes. In fact, in the hours following consumption of a meal, a transient increase in inflammatory markers occurs, a response that is exaggerated in obese subjects. Dietary composition, including content of dietary fatty acids, may affect this inflammatory response both acutely and chronically, and thereby be predictive of progression of disease. The aim of the review was to summarize the literature from 2010 to 2016 regarding the effects of dietary fat intake on levels of inflammatory markers in overweight and obesity in human randomized controlled trials. METHODS AND RESULTS: We performed a literature search in MEDLINE, EMBASE, and PubMed databases. The literature search included human randomized controlled trials, both postprandial and long‐term interventions, from January 2010 to September 2016. In total, 37 articles were included. Interventions with dairy products, vegetable oils, or nuts showed minor effects on inflammatory markers. The most consistent inflammatory‐mediating effects were found in intervention with whole diets, which suggests that many components of the diet reduce inflammation synergistically. Furthermore, interventions with weight reduction and different fatty acids did not clearly show beneficial effects on inflammatory markers. CONCLUSION: Most interventions showed either no or minor effects of dietary fat intake on inflammatory markers in overweight and obese subjects. To progress our understanding on how diet and dietary components affect our health, mechanistic studies are required. Hence, future studies should include whole diets and characterization of obese phenotypes at a molecular level, including omics data and gut microbiota.
An empirically derived dietary pattern associated with breast cancer risk is validated in a nested case-control cohort from a randomized primary prevention trial$$$ BACKGROUND & AIMS: We reported an association between cytologic atypia, a reversible biomarker of breast cancer risk, and lower omega‐3/omega‐6 fatty acid ratio in blood and breast tissue. Our goal was to develop and validate a dietary pattern index in this high‐risk sample of U.S. women, and test its capacity to predict incidence in a nested case‐control cohort of Canadian women from a randomized trial of a low‐fat dietary intervention for primary prevention of breast cancer. METHODS: Food intake was measured by food frequency questionnaire in the U.S. sample (n = 65) and multiple dietary recalls in the Canadian sample (n = 220 cases$$$ 440 controls). Principal component analysis identified a dietary pattern associated with atypia. We measured differences among dietary pattern tertiles in (a) fatty acid composition in blood lipids and breast tissue in the U.S. sample, and (b) risk of breast cancer subtypes in the Canadian cohort. Registered under ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT00148057. RESULTS: A Modern diet was characterized as consuming more grains, dairy, and sugar and less vegetables, fish and poultry$$$ these women had lower tissue omega‐3 fatty acids and higher omega‐6 and trans fatty acids. The low‐fat intervention increased the likelihood of a Modern diet after randomization. A Modern diet at baseline and post‐randomization was associated with estrogen‐receptor negative (ER‐) breast cancer risk among those at least 160 cm tall. A Traditional diet (the reciprocal of Modern) at baseline was associated with lower ER‐positive (ER+) risk in the comparison group, but not the low‐fat intervention group. CONCLUSIONS: A Modern diet (high in grains, dairy, and sugar and low in vegetables, fish, and poultry) is associated with ER‐ breast cancer risk among taller women. Recommending dietary fat reduction may have untoward effects on breast cancer risk.
*Comparison of absorption and efficacy of 3 different menaquinone-7 delivery systems$$$ casein powder, Arabic gum powder, or linseed oil.*$$$ INTERVENTION: Participants will be randomly divided to receive$$$ casein capsules (1 capsule/d), Arabic gum capsules (1 capsule/d), or linseed oil capsules (1 capsule/d). All capsules will be enriched with 90 µg MK‐7. One week before the start of the study and during the 8‐wk treatment, participants will be asked to refrain from consuming foods rich in vitamin K, including both K1‐rich foods (e.g. spinach, kale, broccoli, Brussels sprouts) and MK‐rich foods (e.g. curd cheese, cheese, natto). CONDITION: Preventie van osteoporosis en arteriosclerosis $$$ Osteoporosis and vascular calcifications PRIMARY OUTCOME: The main purpose of the study is to compare the absorption of MK‐7 from casein $$$ capsules (conventional MK‐7 delivery system), Arabic gum capsules (alternative $$$ MK‐7 delivery system), and linseed oil capsules in healthy subjects. The $$$ primary endpoint will be the serum level of MK‐7.$$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: The second purpose of the study is to determine the biological functionality of $$$ the different delivery systems. Therefore, the secondary endpoint will be the $$$ level of several circulating biochemical markers (cMGP, ucMGP, cOC, ucOC). $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: • Healthy men and women aged between 20 and 40 y • Normal body weight and height (BMI <30 kg/m2) • Stable body weight (weight gain or loss <3 kg in past 3 mo) • Written consent to take part in the study • Low vitamin K status (will be checked during the screening and not the informative meeting)
Metabolic and psychological effects of short-term increased consumption of less-processed foods in daily diets: a Pilot Study$$$ Aim: This study evaluated whether the consumption of locally produced food without additives might have a positive effect on known risk factors for non‐communicable diseases (NCDs) such as hypertension, and levels of fasting glucose and visceral adipose tissue (VAT). Attention was focused on various types of cheese, sausages, fresh pasta, pastries, biscuits and chocolate without additives to make them palatable and durable for transport. Methods: Healthy volunteers were randomized to purchase the foods under study from either local producers not using additives (group 1) or supermarkets (group 2). At baseline and after 6 months, both groups underwent evaluation for weight, blood pressure, VAT, serum sodium, potassium, fasting glucose, insulin, C‐peptide and creatinine levels, and also the State‐Trait Anxiety Inventory (STAI) and Beck Depression Inventory (BDI‐II) by examiners blinded to group allocation. At baseline, the state part of the STAI and Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale IV were also performed, and body mass index, HOMA index and estimated glomerular filtration rate calculated. Results: Data for 159 subjects (89 in group 1, 70 in group 2) were analyzed. Baseline evaluations did not differ between groups. At 6 months, HOMA scores and fasting glucose levels were lower in group 1 than in group 2 (P < 0.01). Also, in group 1, VAT (P = 0.006), systolic blood pressure (P = 0.001) and BDI‐II score (P = 0.0005) were decreased, whereas serum fasting glucose (P = 0.04) and C‐peptide (P = 0.03) levels, and diastolic blood pressure (P = 0.02), were increased in group 2. Conclusion: Consumption of the locally produced food under study improved some of the major risk factors for NCDs after 6 months.
Habitual Sleep Duration, Daytime Napping, and Dietary Intake: a Mendelian Randomization Study$$$ Background: Chronic inadequate sleep and frequent daytime napping may inflict deleterious health effects including weight gain, cardiometabolic and psychiatric diseases, and cancer. It is plausible that these relations may be partly influenced by the consumption of suboptimal diets. Objectives: The study aimed to identify potential causal links of genetically proxied longer habitual sleep duration and more frequent daytime napping on 61 dietary variables derived from an FFQ. In addition, the study aimed to assess potential bidirectional causal links between habitual sleep duration or daytime napping and macronutrient composition. Methods: Genetic variants robustly associated with habitual sleep duration and daytime napping from published genome‐wide association analyses were used. Outcomes included 61 dietary variables estimated from FFQs in the UK Biobank (n = 361,194). For bidirectional associations with macronutrient composition, genetic variants associated with percentage of energy from carbohydrate, fat, and protein were used. Two‐sample Mendelian randomization (MR) effects were estimated with inverse‐variance weighted (IVW) analysis. Results: In 2‐sample MR, genetically proxied longer sleep duration was associated with a 0.068 (95% CI: 0.034, 0.103) category increase in salad/raw vegetable intake [Pfalse discovery rate (FDR) = 0.006] per hour of sleep and with "no major dietary changes in the past 5 years"(PFDR = 0.043). No associations were evident for daytime napping on dietary variables (all PFDR > 0.05). In addition, there were no bidirectional associations between habitual sleep duration or daytime napping with the relative intake of carbohydrate, fat, and protein (all PIVW > 0.05). Conclusions: In this MR study, there was modest evidence for associations between habitual sleep duration with dietary intake and no evidence for associations between daytime napping frequency with dietary intake. These preliminary findings suggest that changes to habitual sleep duration or daytime napping frequency may have limited impact on long‐term changes in dietary intake.
Relative Bioavailability of Apixaban Solution or Crushed Tablet Formulations Administered by Mouth or Nasogastric Tube in Healthy Subjects$$$ PURPOSE: Crushed tablet and solution formulations of apixaban administered orally or via a nasogastric tube (NGT) may be useful in patients unable to swallow solid dose formulations. It is important to understand whether new formulations and/or methods of administration impact apixaban bioavailability and pharmacokinetic properties. These studies evaluated the relative bioavailability (Frel) of apixaban solution administered orally$$$ oral solution administered via NGT flushed with either 5% dextrose in water (D5W) or with infant formula$$$ oral solution via NGT with a nutritional supplement$$$ and crushed tablet suspended in D5W and administered via NGT. METHODS: Three open‐label, randomized, crossover studies were conducted in healthy adults (study 1: apixaban 10‐mg tablet [reference] versus oral solution, both administered PO$$$ study 2: apixaban 5‐mg oral solution PO [reference] versus oral solution via NGT flushed with either D5W or infant formula$$$ study 3: apixaban 5‐mg oral solution PO [reference] versus apixaban 5‐mg oral solution via NGT with a nutritional supplement and versus crushed tablet suspended in D5W and administered via NGT). Point estimates and 90% CIs of the geometric mean ratios (GMRs$$$ test/reference) were generated for Cmax and AUC. Adverse events were recorded throughout each study. FINDINGS: Frel of the oral solution was 105% versus tablet, and Frel for oral solution via NGT with D5W flush, infant formula flush, nutritional supplement, and crushed tablet via NGT versus oral solution administration were 96.7%, 92.2%, 81.3%, and 95.1%, respectively. The 90% CIs of the GMRs of all AUCs met the bioequivalence criterion except that of the nutritional supplement (0.766‐0.863). The corresponding GMRs for Cmax were 0.977, 0.953, 0.805, 0.682, and 0.884. For the solution via NGT flushed with D5W and for the crushed tablet, the 90% CIs of the Cmax GMRs met the bioequivalence criterion. Apixaban was well tolerated in all 3 studies$$$ most adverse events were mild. IMPLICATIONS: Comparable Frel was observed for oral apixaban solution, tablet, NGT administration of solution flushed with D5W and infant formula, and NGT administration of crushed tablet suspension. Exposure was less when oral solution was administered via NGT with nutritional supplement. These results support several alternative methods of administering apixaban that may be useful in certain clinical situations. ClinicalTrials.gov identifiers: NCT02034565, NCT02034578, and NCT02034591.
Salad and satiety: energy density and portion size of a first-course salad affect energy intake at lunch$$$ OBJECTIVE: We tested the effect on meal intake of varying the energy density and portion size of a compulsory first‐course salad. DESIGN: The study used a randomized crossover design. SUBJECTS/SETTING: Forty‐two women from the State College, PA, university community ate lunch in the laboratory once per week for 7 weeks. INTERVENTION: Lunch comprised one of six first‐course salads, or no salad in the control condition, followed by a main course of pasta. Subjects were required to consume the entire salad, but ate as much pasta as they wanted. The salads varied in energy density (0.33, 0.67, or 1.33 kcal/g) and portion size (150 or 300 g). The energy density of the salad was reduced by changing the amount and type of dressing and cheese. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Energy intake and ratings of hunger, satiety, and food characteristics were measured. STATISTICAL ANALYSES PERFORMED: Outcomes were analyzed using a linear mixed model with repeated measures. RESULTS: Compared with having no first course, consuming the low‐energy‐dense salads reduced meal energy intake (by 7% for the small portion and 12% for the large), and consuming the high‐energy‐dense salads increased intake (by 8% for the small portion and 17% for the large). When two salads with the same number of calories were compared, meal intake was decreased when the large portion of the lower‐energy‐dense salad was consumed. CONCLUSIONS: Eating a low‐energy‐dense first course enhances satiety and reduces meal energy intake. Consuming a large portion of a low‐energy‐dense food at the start of a meal may be an effective strategy for weight management.
The effect of a fish diet on serum lipids in healthy human subjects$$$ A cross‐over study was done with 19 male and 23 female volunteers living in a monastery and a convent, respectively. The effect of a fat gish (mackerel) diet on the blood serum lipid composition was studied. As the normal diet of these volunteers was of the lacto‐ovo‐vegetarian type, a control diet in which the fish was replaced by full‐fat cheese was used. Subjects consuming the fish diet had a daily uptake of polyunsaturated acids of the omega3 family of about 8 g$$$ comparable amounts of linoleic acid were ingested with both diets. Both diets were consumed for a period of 3 weeks. Serum cholesterol was slightly but significantly (7.5%) lower and serum triglycerides considerably lower (35%) on the fish diet, whereas high density lipoprotein cholesterol increased slightly. Lipoprotein analysis showed a strong very low density lipoprotein decrease by the fish diet while, in the men, both low and high density lipoproteins increased. The fatty acid composition of serum lipids showed considerable differences$$$ C20:5omega3 increased in all fractions and C22:6omega3 was found in the triglycerides and the phospholipids, but not in the sterol esters. These increases occurred chiefly at the expense of C18:1omega9 and, in particular, C18:2omega6, which indicates a replacement of omega6 by omega3 acids. Long‐chain monoenoic acids which are abundant in the mackerel were not detected in any serum lipid fraction.
Nudging and social marketing techniques encourage employees to make healthier food choices: a randomized controlled trial in 30 worksite cafeterias in The Netherlands$$$ Background: Currently, many studies focus on how the environment can be changed to encourage healthier eating behavior, referred to as choice architecture or "nudging." However, to date, these strategies are not often investigated in real‐life settings, such as worksite cafeterias, or are only done so on a short‐term basis. Objective: The objective of this study is to examine the effects of a healthy worksite cafeteria ["worksite cafeteria 2.0" (WC 2.0)] intervention on Dutch employees' purchase behavior over a 12‐wk period. Design: We conducted a randomized controlled trial in 30 worksite cafeterias. Worksite cafeterias were randomized to either the intervention or control group. The intervention aimed to encourage employees to make healthier food choices during their daily worksite cafeteria visits. The intervention consisted of 14 simultaneously executed strategies based on nudging and social marketing theories, involving product, price, placement, and promotion. Results: Adjusted multilevel models showed significant positive effects of the intervention on purchases for 3 of the 7 studied product groups: healthier sandwiches, healthier cheese as a sandwich filling, and the inclusion of fruit. The increased sales of these healthier meal options were constant throughout the 12‐wk intervention period. Conclusions: This study shows that the way worksite cafeterias offer products affects purchase behavior. Situated nudging and social marketing‐based strategies are effective in promoting healthier choices and aim to remain effective over time. Some product groups only indicated an upward trend in purchases. Such an intervention could ultimately help prevent and reduce obesity in the Dutch working population. This trial was registered at the Dutch Trial Register (http://www.trialregister.nl/trialreg/admin/rctview.asp?TC=5372) as NTR5372.
Do people eat the pain away? the effects of acute physical pain on subsequent consumption of sweet-Tasting food$$$ Sweet tasting foods have been found to have an analgesic effect. Therefore people might consume more sweet‐Tasting food when they feel pain. In Study 1, participants were randomly assigned to a pain or non‐pain condition and their consumption of cheesecake was measured. Participants ate more cheesecake (a sweet‐Tasting food) following a painful experience than a non‐painful one. In Study 2, participants were randomly assigned to a painful experience or a resource depleting experience (i.e., squeezing a handgrip) and then were asked to taste test two foods, one sweet and one not sweet. Participants ate more sweet‐Tasting food following a painful experience than a non‐painful or a resource‐depleting experience. These differences were not present for consumption of non‐sweet food. Further, habitual self‐control predicted consumption of sweet‐Tasting food when in pain, with those lower in self‐control particularly likely to eat more. Results suggest that people do eat more sweet‐Tasting food when they feel pain, particularly if they are not in the habit of controlling their impulses. These findings have implications for health given rising rates of obesity and pain‐related diagnoses.
Watching a food-related television show and caloric intake. A laboratory study$$$ Television watching has been positively associated with overeating and obesity. How popular food‐related television shows affects eating behavior has not been examined. An experimental study was conducted to examine how exposure to a food‐related television program affects amount and type of food consumed in adults (N=80). Participants were randomized to watch a cooking or nature television program and were then presented with 800 total calories of chocolate covered candies, cheese curls, and carrots. Food was weighed before and after the ad libitum eating session to determine amount consumed. After controlling for dietary restraint, hunger and food preference, significantly more chocolate covered candies were consumed among individuals who watched the cooking program compared to the nature program. No significant differences between conditions were found for overall caloric intake or for cheese curl or carrot consumption. Findings suggest that watching food‐related television programs may affect eating behavior and has implications for obesity prevention and intervention efforts.
Food properties, eating behaviour and food intake of composite foods$$$ INTERVENTION: Participants will eat crackers with a cheese dip until they are satisfied (while being video recorded). The four conditions of this study are 1) flat cracker with high viscous cheese dip, 2) flat cracker with low viscous cheese dip, 3) cracker stick with high viscous cheese dip, and 4) cracker stick with low viscous cheese dip. CONDITION: Obesity PRIMARY OUTCOME: The main study outcomes are eating behavior parameters (number of bites, total consumption time, eating rate measured from the video recordings) and intake from both the cracker and the cheese (measured from ad libitum amount). INCLUSION CRITERIA: Age between 18‐35 years old at the day of inclusion European nationality and Caucasian ethnicity Be a frequent consumer of crackers and cheese (dip), defined as at least once a month (self‐reported) Good general health and appetite (self‐reported)
Effects of dietary counseling on dietary habits and nutrient intakes of finnish pregnant women at increased risk for gestational diabetes-a cluster-randomized controlled trial$$$ Introduction: The incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is increasing and GDM might be prevented by improving diet. Few interventions have assessed the effects of dietary counseling on dietary intake in pregnant women. This study examined the effects of dietary counseling on dietary habits and nutrient intakes of Finnish pregnant women.Methods: A cluster‐randomized controlled trial was conducted in 14 municipalities in Finland, including 399 pregnant women in a risk group for developing GDM. The intervention consisted of dietary counseling focusing on dietary fat, fiber and saccharose intake at four routine maternity clinic visits. Usual counseling practices were continued in the usual care municipalities. A validated 181‐item food frequency questionnaire was used to assess changes in diet from baseline to 26‐28 and 36‐37 weeks' gestation. The data was analyzed using multilevel mixed‐effects linear regression models. Results: The intervention had beneficial effects on total intake of vegetable, fruits and berries (coefficient for between‐group difference in change 61.6 g/day, 95% confidence interval 25.7‐97.6), the proportions of high‐fiber bread of all bread (7.2%‐units, 2.5‐11.9), low‐fat cheeses of all cheeses (10.7%‐units, 2.6‐18.9) and vegetable fats of all dietary fats (6.1%‐units, 2.0‐10.3), and the intake of saturated fatty acids (‐0.67 energy‐%‐units, ‐1.16‐ ‐0.19), polyunsaturated fatty acids (0.38 energy‐%‐units, 0.18‐0.58), linolic acid (764 mg/day, 173‐1354), eicosapentaeic acid (9.4 mg/day, 0.2‐18.6) and fiber (2.07 g/day, 0.39‐3.75) by 36‐37 weeks' gestation. Conclusions: The intervention improved diet towards the recommendations in a risk group of pregnant women suggesting the counseling methods could be implemented in routine maternity care.
Comparison of Extracorporeal Shock Wave Therapy versus Manual Lymphatic Drainage on Cellulite after Liposuction: a Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Introduction. Cellulite is associated with variations in the skin appearance with cottage cheese, mattress‐like, or orange peel. The most common areas for these lesions are the posterior or upper thighs and buttocks and mainly affect females after puberty. The objective of the study was to determine whether extracorporeal shock wave therapy (ESWT) or manual lymphatic drainage (MLD) is more effective for the reduction of the grade of cellulite after liposuction. Methods. This study is a single‐blinded randomized controlled clinical trial. Thirty females with grade 3 cellulite were randomly distributed into two groups equal in number (n = 15), group A was equipped to ESWT and group B was equipped to MLD. The cellulite grading scale was used to assess cellulite grade, and the skinfold caliper was used to assess the thickness of subcutaneous fat. The assessment was carried out before and four weeks after starting the treatment. Both groups received topical retinol twice daily for four weeks$$$ in addition, group A received ESWT, while group B received MLD, two times/week for 4 weeks. Results. The mean values of the skinfold caliper in group A decreased by 24.4% and in group B by 15.38% with a significant difference between the two groups p<0.001. Also, the mean values of the cellulite grading scale decreased significantly after treatment in group A compared with the mean values of group B p<0.001. Conclusions. There was more reduction in the grade of cellulite and thickness of subcutaneous fat in the ESWT group than the MLD group after liposuction.
Is the failure of (-)deprenyl, a selective monoamine oxidase B inhibitor, to alleviate depression related to freedom from the cheese effect?$$$ The selective monoamine oxidase (MAO) B inhibitor (‐)deprenyl failed to produce any greater benefit than placebo in a limited double‐blind trial conducted in depressive patients. Its relative freedom from the so‐called cheese effect was confirmed, however, in drug‐treated patients challenged IV with tyramine. There is evidence to suggest that this cheese effect, a facilitated tyramine‐induced hypertensive response, is pharmacologically distinct from MAO inhibition proper. Thus, it is conceivable that its central counterpart, an enhanced noradrenaline release due to the access of traces of tyramine to the CNS, is a prerequisite for any therapeutic benefit obtainable with the MAO‐inhibitory drugs in general.
The Serum Metabolome Identifies Biomarkers of Dietary Acid Load in 2 Studies of Adults with Chronic Kidney Disease$$$ BACKGROUND: Dietary acid load is a clinically important aspect of the diet that reflects the balance between acid‐producing foods, for example, meat and cheese, and base‐producing foods, for example, fruits and vegetables. METHODS: We used metabolomics to identify blood biomarkers of dietary acid load in 2 independent studies of chronic kidney disease patients: the African American Study of Kidney Disease and Hypertension (AASK, n = 689) and the Modification of Diet in Renal Disease (MDRD, n = 356) study. Multivariable linear regression was used to assess the cross‐sectional association between serum metabolites whose identity was known (outcome) and dietary acid load (exposure), estimated with net endogenous acid production (NEAP) based on 24‐h urine urea nitrogen and potassium, and adjusted for age, sex, race, randomization group, measured glomerular filtration rate, log‐transformed urine protein‐to‐creatinine ratio, history of cardiovascular disease, BMI, and smoking status. RESULTS: Out of the 757 known, nondrug metabolites identified in AASK, 26 were significantly associated with NEAP at the Bonferroni threshold for significance (P < 6.6 × 10‐5). Twenty‐three of the 26 metabolites were also identified in the MDRD study, and 13 of the 23 (57%) were significantly associated with NEAP (P < 2.2 × 10‐3), including 5 amino acids (S‐methylmethionine, indolepropionylglycine, indolepropionate, N‐methylproline, N‐δ‐acetylornithine), 2 cofactors and vitamins (threonate, oxalate), 1 lipid (chiro‐inositol), and 5 xenobiotics (methyl glucopyranoside, stachydrine, catechol sulfate, hippurate, and tartronate). Higher levels of all 13 replicated metabolites were associated with lower NEAP in both AASK and the MDRD study. CONCLUSION: Metabolomic profiling of serum specimens from kidney disease patients in 2 study populations identified 13 replicated metabolites associated with dietary acid load. Additional studies are needed to validate these compounds in healthy populations. These 13 compounds may potentially be used as objective markers of dietary acid load in future nutrition research studies.
Ambulatory blood pressure and heart rate responses to vegetarian meals$$$ OBJECTIVES: To determine the effects of a vegetarian diet on daytime ambulatory (Accutracker) blood pressures and heart rates, and to relate these to the estimated peak in plasma glucose to determine whether low‐glycaemic‐index diets reduce sympathetic activity in response to differences in postprandial glucose and insulin. DESIGN: The subjects were matched for age and body mass index and randomly assigned to one of two parallel diet groups. SETTING: Clinical. PARTICIPANTS: Twenty‐one normotensive non‐vegetarian male hospital workers volunteered for the study and 20 completed it. INTERVENTION: After 2 weeks of baseline measurement the subjects followed an omnivorous or a lacto‐ovovegetarian diet for 6 weeks. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Daytime ambulatory blood pressures and heart rate, and postbreakfast catecholamines, insulin and glucose. RESULTS: Ambulatory systolic blood pressure and heart rates were lower in the vegetarian group during the working day. The preprandial rise in diastolic pressure was attenuated on the vegetarian diet. There were no differences in plasma catecholamine, glucose or insulin levels sampled after breakfast on the two dietary regimes. CONCLUSIONS: The blood pressure‐lowering effect of a lacto‐ovovegetarian diet, which occurs throughout the working day, is associated with lower heart rates, suggesting a central nervous or cardiac mechanism. The possibility that the lower glycaemic index of a lacto‐ovovegetarian diet has some effect needs to be investigated further in relation to major meal‐times and studied in both normotensive and hypertensive subjects.
Kinetics and metabolism of p-tyramine during monoamine oxidase inhibition by mofegiline$$$ The effects of monoamine oxidase B (MAO‐B) inhibition by mofegiline on the pharmacokinetics of p‐tyramine and its major metabolite, p‐hydroxyphenylacetic acid, were investigated in 24 healthy male volunteers. p‐Tyramine doses were administered before and after a 14‐day treatment period of 1, 12, or 24 mg mofegiline or placebo. Normalized p‐tyramine for area under the plasma concentration‐time curve after treatment were not significantly different from their respective before‐treatment values for any of the dose groups. The relative bioavailability of p‐tyramine after treatment was not significantly different from before treatment, although a tendency to a greater bioavailability was seen with the 12 and 24 mg doses. There were no significant differences between pharmacokinetic parameters for p‐hydroxyphenylacetic acid. The data suggest that mofegiline maintains its selectivity for MAO‐B in the intestine and liver at doses up to and including 24 mg. Therefore these doses would not be expected to be associated with the hypertensive crises normally associated with the "cheese effect."
Side effects of isocarboxazid$$$ Three double‐blind, placebo controlled studies found isocarboxazid (40‐50 mg/day) to be efficacious and safe for the treatment of atypical depression. The few instances of liver function elevations were generally borderline$$$ one patient had a marked increase of both SGOT and SGPT (with normal bilirubin and alkaline phosphatase) at Week 6 which normalized over the next several months. Another patient had a mild, temporary hypertensive reaction after eating cheese but did not require any treatment alterations. Drops in both systolic and diastolic blood pressures, as well as orthostatic changes, were common but generally mild and well‐tolerated. The most frequently noted side effects were dizziness, headache, dry mouth, insomnia, and constipation. Clinical adverse reactions tended to be mild and to respond to dosage decreases. Isocarboxazid appears to be an underutilized and potentially valuable agent for the treatment of depressed patients.
Effects of a tyramine-enriched meal on blood pressure response in healthy male volunteers treated with selegiline transdermal system 6 mg/24 hour$$$ BACKGROUND: Monoamine oxidase inhibitors are well recognized as effective antidepressant agents but are rarely used due, in part, to the risk of hypertensive crisis following the ingestion of foods high in tyramine ("cheese reaction"). A selegiline transdermal system (STS) was developed to provide antidepressant concentrations of selegiline in the brain, while preserving the gastrointestinal monoamine oxidase A (MAO‐A) barrier. The present study was conducted to determine the effect of the STS 6 mg/24 hour on cardiovascular safety following the ingestion of approximately 400 mg of tyramine consumed as a component of aged cheeses. METHODS: In this open‐label, single‐center phase I study, cardiovascular vital signs were recorded following tyramine challenges during placebo and STS 6 mg/24 hr treatment. Subjects were observed for clinical signs and symptoms of a pressor response and/or potential hypertensive crisis during and following the challenges. RESULTS: Ingestion of tyramine‐enriched meals following 13 consecutive days of treatment with the STS 6 mg/24 hr (pharmacokinetic steady‐state) produced no clinically significant changes in cardiovascular vital signs in 12 healthy adult male subjects. No evidence of a tyramine pressor effect on systolic blood pressure or evidence of hypertensive crisis occurred during the STS treatment. CONCLUSION: These results suggest that STS 6 mg/24 hr may be administered without concern for dietary tyramine consumption.
Interaction of moclobemide, a new reversible monoamine oxidase inhibitor with oral tyramine$$$ In a double‐blind placebo‐controlled cross‐over study in 8 healthy volunteers possible interactions between moclobemide and tyramine were studied. Eight volunteers received either moclobemide or placebo for a period of 6 days and received tyramine on day 5 and day 6 of each treatment period. Moclobemide was given in a daily dose of 450 mg to be taken in three divided doses at the end of the meals. Tyramine was administered in the form of an artificially tyramine enriched cheese (camembert) together with a meal at noon. The total tyramine doses administered were 50 mg on day 5 and 100 mg on day 6 of each treatment period. Comparisons of blood pressure and heart rate changes after tyramine ingestion between moclobemide and placebo conditions did not indicate any relevant moclobemide‐tyramine interaction. It is concluded that tyramine in quantities of up to 100 mg does not lead to clinically relevant blood pressure reactions in moclobemide‐treated subjects, if moclobemide is taken at the end of the meal.
Randomized, double blind placebo-controlled pilot study of the antihypertensive effects of Grana Padano D.O.P. cheese consumption in mild - moderate hypertensive subjects$$$ OBJECTIVE: Grana Padano, an Italian protected designation of origin (PDO) semi‐fat cheese, undergoes a long ripening period during which the proteolysis carried out by natural starter lactic acid bacteria releases peptides having sustained angiotensin‐converting enzyme (ACE)‐inhibitory activity. The length (generally 3‐8 amino acid residues) and the sequence of these peptides are responsible for their ability to elicit ACE‐inhibitory activity. The aim of this study has been the evaluation of the effect of a daily dietary supplement consisting in a small amount (30 g/day) of Grana Padano cheese, in terms of the lowering of the blood pressure (BP) of mild‐moderate hypertensive subjects. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Thirty mild‐moderate hypertensive patients, with BP values not on target (> 140 and/or > 90 mmHg) after at least 3 months of stable treatment were considered in this randomized, double‐blind placebo‐controlled cross‐over study. All patients randomly received a dietary integration (30 g/day) of Grana Padano cheese or a placebo (made from flavored grated bread mixed with fats and salts in concentrations equal to those of the cheese). BP was evaluated at baseline and at the end of the active and placebo treatments (2 months each) by: ‐ Office BP (OBP)$$$ ‐ Automated Office BP (AOBP) using the BpTRU®, an automated oscillometric device that provides the average of multiple (n=6) blood pressure measurements$$$ ‐ Ambulatory Blood Pressure (ABP) 24 hour monitoring. RESULTS: Dietary integration with Grana Padano cheese resulted in a significant decrease in Office, Automated Office and Ambulatory BP. The mean decrease (vs. placebo) for 24‐hour ABP was ‐3.5 mmHg for systolic and ‐2.4 mmHg for diastolic BP (p = 0.0063 and p = 0.0065, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Daily dietary integration with 30 g of Grana Padano DOP cheese effectively reduces BP and may help mild‐to‐moderate hypertensive patients to reach a target BP.
Oral tyramine pressor test and the safety of monoamine oxidase inhibitor drugs: comparison of brofaromine and tranylcypromine in healthy subjects$$$ The pressor effect of orally administered tyramine (TYR) has been evaluated in 124 tests of 49 healthy unmedicated volunteers, in 99 tests of 29 subjects treated with the reversible selective monoamine oxidase (MAO) A inhibitor brofaromine (BROF), and in 73 tests of 12 subjects treated with tranylcypromine (TCP). In unmedicated subjects, pressor doses of TYR to raise systolic blood pressure (BP) by 30 mm Hg (PD30) ranged between 200 and 800 mg of TYR. There was no correlation of PD30 with sex, age, or weight. In repeated tests, the intraindividual coefficient of variation of the PD30 (+/‐ SD) was 10 +/‐ 9%. During treatment for 8 to 16 days with the two MAO inhibitors (MAOIs) BROF and TCP, seven‐fold and 56‐fold increases of TYR pressor sensitivity were estimated. A significant correlation was found between the individual PD30 before and during MAO inhibition with BROF. Cheese with a pressor content equal to the PD30 of TYR raised the systolic BP in only three of 10 volunteers during BROF inconsistently by not more than 20 mm. Therefore, the probability of "cheese reactions" during treatment with this reversible MAOI seems to be small. For complete normalization of oral pressor responsiveness, delays of 8 and 30 days after the last doses of BROF and TCP, respectively, are needed. The total incidence of systolic BP elevations by more than 60 mm Hg was 13% in a total of 296 oral tests given to 49 subjects. This incidence of easily controllable hypertensive reactions is outweighed by the importance of the test as predictor of clinical risks for drugs with TYR potentiating effects.
A controlled study of the antidepressant efficacy and side effects of (-)-deprenyl. A selective monoamine oxidase inhibitor$$$ Monoamine oxidase (MAO) inhibitors are effective antidepressants whose use is limited because of unwanted side effects and the possibility of a tyramine‐induced hypertensive crisis (cheese reaction). (‐)‐Deprenyl (the official nonproprietary name for this substance is selegiline), a selective MAO type B inhibitor, may be safer and have fewer side effects, but its antidepressant efficacy is uncertain. A double‐blind placebo‐controlled study was carried out in depressed outpatients who were treated with (‐)‐deprenyl in an MAO type B selective dose range and at a higher nonselective dose range. (‐)‐Deprenyl did not have a statistically significant antidepressant effect after three weeks of treatment at doses of 10 mg/d. However, after six weeks and at higher doses (averaging about 30 mg/d for the second three weeks), (‐)‐deprenyl was superior to placebo in antidepressant effect with a positive response rate of 50% vs 13.6% and with a 41% reduction in the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale mean score vs 10% in the placebo‐treated group. No hypertensive crises were seen. The rate of occurrence of side effects with (‐)‐deprenyl was no greater than with placebo. It was concluded that (‐)‐deprenyl is an effective antidepressant in a dose range where it is distinguished by the absence of many of the side effects typical of nonselective MAO inhibitors.
Fibromyalgia and migraine, two faces of the same mechanism. Serotonin as the common clue for pathogenesis and therapy$$$ In this study fibromyalgia sufferers were randomly administered a combination of monoamine‐oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs)‐A/B with 5‐HTP, 5‐HTP alone, MAOIs‐A/B alone, or the tricyclic drug amitriptyline in order to compare the efficacy of these treatments. The benefits on the painful syndrome were assessed by using Visual Analogic Scale score rating from 0 to 4. The combination of MAOIs with 5‐HTP significantly improved fibromyalgia syndrome as determined by Visual Analogic Scale whereas the other treatments yielded poorer benefits. No subject withdrew from the trial due to adverse effects, even if some sleep disturbances and mild stomach‐ache were reported. The tolerability of the association MAOIs/5‐HTP was good, although a transient cheese effect occurred in one of the patients treated with MAOIs as well as in a patient treated with the association MAOIs and 5‐HTP. No one of these two cases was due to pharmacological dietetic mistake of the patient. In both the cases the transient hypertension was associated to very dramatic emotional events. The benefits obtained by using the combination of MAOIs with 5‐HTP can be explained with a treatment‐induced enhancement of aminergic and serotonergic transmission. The recently shown high prevalence of migraine in the population of fibromyalgia sufferers, suggests a common ground shared by fibromyalgia and migraine. Migraine has been demonstrated to be characterized by a defect in the serotonergic and adrenergic systems. A parallel dramatic failure of serotonergic systems and a defect of adrenergic transmission have been evidenced to affect fibromyalgia sufferers too. Enhancing serotonergic analgesia while increasing adrenergically mediated analgesia seems to be an important tool in fibromyalgia. Treatment consisting with the association MAOIs/5‐HTP is aimed at enhancing serotonergic/adrenergic transmission by inducing an up‐regulation of serotonergic/adrenergic receptors and a simultaneous increase of serotonin levels in the central nervous system.
Moclobemide (Ro 11-1163) safety in depressed patients$$$ Safety aspects were compared in 2203 patients given moclobemide and 1214 who received other antidepressants or placebo. A total of 2294 adverse events were reported by patients on moclobemide, mainly subjective symptoms (28.6%). Adverse events such as dry mouth, tremor, sweating, dizziness and constipation occurred much more frequently among 681 patients treated with various tricyclic antidepressants than in the 694 moclobemide patients with whom they were compared. Among 271 placebo‐treated patients there were 287 adverse events, compared with 386 events in the 285 moclobemide patients in the same studies. Hypertensive episodes or food‐drug interactions were reported by 19 patients on moclobemide and 5 on other antidepressants, but in only 2 of the former was ingestion of cheese a possible cause of headache. The assessment of tolerance on moclobemide was essentially the same as for placebo. Of the 1401 moclobemide patients in the electronic database, only 3.2% stopped treatment prematurely because of poor tolerance$$$ the rates were higher for tranylcypromine, nomifensine, desipramine, clomipramine, amitriptyline and imipramine. During treatment, 6 patients attempted suicide with moclobemide alone (950‐2000 mg) or together with imipramine (300 mg and 1200 mg). None of the intoxications was life‐threatening.
Effect of cheese containing gamma-aminobutyric acid-producing lactic acid bacteria on blood pressure in men$$$ Hypertension is one of the most important risk factors for cardiovascular diseases. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of a cheese naturally enriched in GABA on blood pressure in men with slightly elevated blood pressure. An experimental Cheddar cheese was produced with a starter containing a GABA‐producing Lactococcus lactis ssp. lactis strain. A total of 23 men between 23 and 63 years of age consumed 50. g of the experimental cheese (containing 16. mg of GABA) or a placebo cheese daily for 12 weeks. Blood pressure, heart rate, body weight and waist circumference were measured in weeks 0, 2, 4, 6, 8, 10 and 12. Systolic and mean blood pressure decreased in response to the intervention (time effect$$$ p=. 0.048 for systolic blood pressure and p=. 0.034 for mean blood pressure), but no time‐by‐treatment interaction was observed. For the experimental cheese, mean blood pressure decreased by 3.5. ±. 2.8. mmHg, and systolic blood pressure decreased by 5.5. ±. 3.9. mmHg. For the placebo cheese, decreases of 1.6. ±. 3.0. mmHg in mean blood pressure and 3.6. ±. 4.0. mmHg in systolic blood pressure were observed. No significant change in diastolic blood pressure was observed following the consumption of cheese with or without GABA enrichment. © 2013 Elsevier B.V.
Efficacy of guava leaves on Hypertension$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Guava leaves juice: 10‐15 fresh guava leaves with 70ml of water. Wash the guava leaves thoroughly to remove any dirt or impurities. In a pot, bring the 70ml of water to a hot. Once the water is hot, add the guava leaves to the pot. Reduce the heat and let the leaves simmer in the water for about 10‐15 minutes. This will allow the beneficial compounds from the leaves to infuse into the water. After simmering, turn off the heat and let the guava leaf mixture cool down. Once the mixture has cooled, strain it to remove the guava leaves. You can use a fine mesh strainer or cheesecloth for this. Transfer the guava leaf juice to a pitcher or glass bottle and refrigerate it for a few hours to chill. Dosage 70 ml daily for 3 weeks. Control Intervention1: conventional treatment: oral medication CONDITION: Health Condition 1: I10‐ Essential (primary) hypertension PRIMARY OUTCOME: Heart Rate VariabilityTimepoint: Pre and Post after Intervention SECONDARY OUTCOME: Blood Pressure, Heart rate, Pulse rate, SpO2Timepoint: Pre & Post Intervention INCLUSION CRITERIA: SBP=140 mmHg or DBP=90 mmHg At least 2 years of history of hypertension
Argan oil prevents prothrombotic complications by lowering lipid levels and platelet aggregation, enhancing oxidative status in dyslipidemic patients from the area of Rabat (Morocco)$$$ BACKGROUND: It is now established that patients with hyperlipidemia have a high risk of atherosclerosis and thrombotic complications, which are two important events responsible for the onset and progression of cardiovascular disease. In the context of managing dyslipidemia by means of dietary advice based on the consumption of argan oil, we wanted to investigate the effect of virgin argan oil on plasma lipids, and for the first time, on the platelet hyperactivation and oxidative status associated with dyslipidemia. This study concerns patients recruited in the area of Rabat in Morocco. METHODS: 39 dyslipidemic (79% women) patients were recruited for our study in the area of Rabat in Morocco. They were randomly assigned to the two following groups: the argan group, in which the subjects consumed 25 mL/day of argan oil at breakfast for 3 weeks, and the control group in which argan oil was replaced by butter. RESULTS: After a 3‐week consumption period, blood total cholesterol was significantly lower in the argan oil group, as was LDL cholesterol (23.8% and 25.6% lower, respectively). However, the HDL cholesterol level had increased by 26% at the end of the intervention period compared to baseline. Interestingly, in the argan oil group thrombin‐induced platelet aggregation was lower, and oxidative status was enhanced as a result of lower platelet MDA and higher GPx activity, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, our results, even if it is not representative of the Moroccan population, show that argan oil can prevent the prothrombotic complications associated with dyslipidemia, which are a major risk factor for cardiovascular disease.
Effects of bilateral early breast sucking and unilateral early breast sucking within 2 h after delivery on lactation, breast distending pain and postpartum lochia$$$ Objective: To investigate the effects of bilateral early breast sucking and unilateral early breast sucking within 2 h after delivery on lactation, breast distending pain and postpartum lochia. Methods: The clinical data of 128 parturients were analyzed retrospectively. According to the different ways of early breast suction, the parturients were divided into control group (n=64) and observation group (n=64). Among them, unilateral early sucking was performed within 2 h after delivery in the control group, while bilateral early sucking was carried out in the observation group. We compared the lactation, breast distending pain, postpartum lochia, nutritional status, coagulation index, complications and breast feeding success rate. Results: The lactation amount of the observation group was higher than that of the control group on the 3rd, 5th and 7th day after delivery$$$ the VAS scores showed opposite trends$$$ the amount of lochia in the observation group was less than that in the control group$$$ the ALb, PA and Hb levels in the observation group were higher on the 7th day after delivery. Compared with the control group, the FIB, PT and APTT time was shorter and the D‐D level was higher$$$ the incidence of postpartum hemorrhage, galactostasis and postpartum depression in the observation group was lower, and the success rate of feeding on the 1st, 3rd and 7th day after delivery was higher in the observation group seven days after intervention. Conclusion: Bilateral early breast sucking within 2 h after delivery is helpful to increase lactation and reduce breast distending pain and postpartum lochia. It also promotes maternal nutritional status and coagulation function, reduces the incidence of postpartum complications, and improves the breastfeeding rate.
Effect of Citrus paradisi extract and juice on arterial pressure both in vitro and in vivo$$$ Citrus paradisi (grapefruit) consumption is considered as beneficial and it is popularly used for the treatment of a vast array of diseases, including hypertension. In the present study, the coronary vasodilator and hypotensive effects of Citrus paradisi peel extract were assessed in the Langendorff isolated and perfused heart model and in the heart and lung dog preparation. In both models, Citrus paradisi peel extract decreased coronary vascular resistance and mean arterial pressure when compared with control values (60 +/‐ 15 x 10(7) dyn s cm(‐5) vs 100 +/‐ 10 x 10(7) dyn s cm(‐5) and 90 mmHg vs 130 +/‐ 15 mmHg, respectively). These decreases in coronary vascular resistance and mean arterial pressure were blocked when isolated and perfused hearts and mongrel dogs were pre‐treated with L‐NAME. In humans, Citrus paradisi juice decreased diastolic arterial pressure and systolic arterial pressure both in normotensive and hypertensive subjects. Citrus paradisi juice produced a greater decrease in mean arterial pressure when compared with Citrus sinensis juice, cow milk and a vitamin C‐supplemented beverage. However, more detailed studies are required to isolate, purify and evaluate the chemical compounds responsible for this pharmacological effect and to clarify its possible role for treating hypertension.
Effects of various forms of calcium on body weight and bone turnover markers in women participating in a weight loss program$$$ OBJECTIVE: This study examined the effects of calcium intake on body weight, body fat, and markers of bone turnover in pre‐menopausal adult women undergoing a 12 week weight loss program of diet and exercise. METHODS: Subjects were prescribed a 12 week diet with a 500 Kcal restriction containing about 750 mg calcium/day, exercised 3 times/week, and were given either placebo capsules, capsules of calcium lactate or calcium phosphate (daily dose about 800 mg calcium), or low fat milk (daily dose about 800 mg calcium). Subjects completed and returned daily diet diaries weekly. RESULTS: Daily calcium intake in mg from diet records + supplement assignment was: 788 +/‐ 175 (placebo), 1698 +/‐ 210 (Ca lactate), 1566 +/‐ 250 (Ca phosphate), 1514 +/‐ 225 (milk)(no significant differences among the calcium and milk groups). Each group had statistically significant changes in body weight (p < 0.01), but there were no significant differences among groups for the weight loss: 5.8 +/‐ 0.8 kg (placebo), 4.1 +/‐ 0.7 kg (Ca lactate), 5.4 +/‐ 1.3 kg (Ca phosphate), 4.2 +/‐ 0.8 kg (milk). Body fat was changed significantly in each group (p < 0.01), with milk group showing a little less change than the other groups. Serum bone specific alkaline phophatase activity, a bone synthesis marker, increased similarly in all groups (p < 0.001 within groups, no significance for changes among groups). In contrast, the Ca lactate group, but not other groups, had a drop in urine values for alpha helical peptide, a bone resorption marker (p < 0.05). CONCLUSION: For the conditions of this study, increased calcium intake, by supplement or milk, did not enhance loss of body weight or fat, though calcium lactate supplementation lowered values for a marker of bone degradation.
Argan oil exerts an antiatherogenic effect by improving lipids and susceptibility of LDL to oxidation in type 2 diabetes patients$$$ In this study, we investigate the effect of argan oil consumption on serum lipids, apolipoproteins (AI and B), CRP, and LDL susceptibility to oxidation in type 2 diabetic patients which are known to have a high level of cardiovascular risk due to lipid abnormalities and lipid peroxidation. For that, 86 type 2 diabetic patients with dyslipidemia were randomized to one group consuming 25mL/day of argan oil during 3 weeks and control group consuming 20g/day of butter in breakfast. After argan oil intervention, serum triglycerides decreased by 11.84, (P=0.001), total chol by 9.13, (P=0.01), and LDL‐chol by 11.81, (P=0.02). However, HDL‐chol and Apo AI increased (10.51, P=0.01 and 9.40, P=0.045, resp.). Susceptibility of LDL to lipid peroxidation was significantly reduced by increasing of 20.95, (P=0.038) in lag phase after argan oil consumption. In conclusion, we show for the first time that consumption of argan oil may have an antiatherogenic effect by improving lipids, and the susceptibility of LDL to oxidation in type 2 diabetes patients with dyslipidemia, and can therefore be recommended in the nutritional management of type 2 diabetes. Copyright © 2011 M. M. Ould Mohamedou et al.
The effect of a diabetes prevention program on dietary quality in women with previous gestational diabetes$$$ BACKGROUND: Women with gestational diabetes have low diet quality. We evaluated the effectiveness of a group‐based lifestyle modification program for improvement of dietary quality in women with previous gestational diabetes predominantly within their first postnatal year. METHODS: Women were randomised to intervention (n = 284) or usual care (n = 289). Dietary data was collected at baseline and twelve months using a food frequency questionnaire and recoded into the Australian Recommended Food Score (ARFS). Mixed model analyses investigated the intervention effect on ARFS (per‐protocol‐set (PPS) excluded women without the minimum intervention exposure). RESULTS: Baseline mean total ARFS was low (31.8 ± 8.9, maximum score = 74) and no significant changes were seen in total ARFS (Cohen's D = ‐ 0.06). 2% reduction in alcohol for intervention (0.05, 0.26) compared with ‐ 1% for usual care (Odds ratio: 0.68$$$ 95%CI 0.46, 0.99). Dairy ARFS sub‐category significantly improved (low fat/saturated fat foods) in the intervention group over time compared with usual care for the PPS analysis (dairy + 0.28 in intervention (95%CI 0.08, 0.48) compared with + 0.02 in usual care (95%CI ‐0.14, 0.18) (group‐by‐treatment interaction p = 0.05, Cohen's D = 0.14)). CONCLUSIONS: Engaging with the intervention improved aspects of diet quality that aligned with minimum intervention exposure, but the total diet quality remains low. Further research is needed to improve diabetes prevention program engagement. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry ANZCTRN12610000338066 , April 2010.
Probiotics, immunomodulation, and health benefits$$$ Probiotics are defined as live microorganisms that, when administered in adequate amount, confer a health benefit on the host. Amongst the many benefits associated with the consumption of probiotics, modulation of the immune system has received the most attention. Several animal and human studies have provided unequivocal evidence that specific strains of probiotics are able to stimulate as well as regulate several aspects of natural and acquired immune responses. There is also evidence that intake of probiotics is effective in the prevention and/or management of acute gastroenteritis and rotavirus diarrhoea, antibiotic‐associated diarrhoea and intestinal inflammatory disorders such as Crohn's disease and pouchitis, and paediatric atopic disorders. The efficacy of probiotics against bacterial infections and immunological disorders such as adult asthma, cancers, diabetes, and arthritis in humans remains to be proven. Also, major gaps exist in our knowledge about the mechanisms by which probiotics modulate immune function. Optimum dose, frequency and duration of treatment required for different conditions in different population groups also remains to be determined. Different probiotic strains vary in their ability to modulate the immune system and therefore efficacy of each strain needs to be carefully demonstrated through rigorously designed (randomised, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled) studies. This chapter provides an over view of the immunomodulatory effects of probiotics in health and disease, and discusses possible mechanisms through which probiotics mediate their disparate effects.
Nutritional intervention and the impact on adherence to treatment in patients with metabolic syndrome$$$ BACKGROUND: Metabolic syndrome is associated with increased risk of cardiovascular events disease and type 2 diabetes. Treatment includes modifications on life style, diet and physical activity. Treatment adherence plays a crucial role in the successful treatment of this disease. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate two models of dietary intervention, and the relationship with adherence to treatment and impact on clinical improvement of patients with metabolic syndrome. METHODS: Randomized clinical trial, lasting four months. Participants were randomized assigned to the intervention or control group. Both groups were instructed to follow a diet for 4 months. Subjects in the intervention group additionally received an intervention package, with metabolic syndrome manual book, telephone counseling and nutrition education leaflets. In both groups nutritional anamnesis, anthropometric assessment, dietary assessment, individualized dietary and biochemical tests were done. RESULTS: Patients who arrived more motivated were those who has the greatest reduction in the values of body mass index, which decreased from 31.7 kg/m² (SD ± 3.9) to 30.9 kg/m² (SD ± 3.8), reduction in waist circumference was 108.1 cm (SD ± 9.8) to 105.9 cm (SD ± 9.5). The statistically significant associations were in the correlation between body mass index, blood glucose and triglycerides, reducing the consumption of whole milk, increased consumption of whole grains and skimmed milk and between the increase in vegetable intake and reducing triglycerides. CONCLUSION: Both groups showed significant improvement in all clinical parameters that was significantly associated with the previous motivation. Patients who arrived more motivated were those who responded better to treatment.
Parent and child dietary changes in a 6-month mobile-delivered weight loss intervention with tailored messaging for parents$$$ Objective: To examine changes in parent and child dietary intake, associations between program adherence and parent dietary changes, and the association between parent and child dietary changes in a mobile‐delivered weight loss intervention for parents with personalized messaging. Methods: Adults with overweight or obesity and who had a child aged 2‐12 in the home were recruited for a randomized controlled trial comparing two types of dietary monitoring: calorie monitoring (Standard, n = 37) or "red" food monitoring (Simplified, n = 35). Parents received an intervention delivered via a smartphone application with lessons, text messages, and weekly personalized feedback, and self‐monitoring of diet, activity, and weight. To measure associations between parent and child dietary changes, two 24‐h recalls for parents and children at baseline and 6 months measured average daily calories, percent of calories from fat, vegetables, fruit, protein, dairy, whole grains, refined grains, added sugars, percent of calories from added sugars, and total Healthy Eating Index‐2015 score. Results: Higher parent engagement was associated with lower parent percent of calories from fat, and greater days meeting the dietary goal was associated with lower parent daily calories and refined grains. Adjusting for child age, number of children in the home, parent baseline BMI, and treatment group, there were significant positive associations between parent and child daily calories, whole grains, and refined grains. Parent‐child dietary associations were not moderated by treatment group. Conclusions: These results suggest that parent dietary changes in an adult weight loss program may indirectly influence child diet.
Optimized protein intakes in term infants support physiological growth and promote long-term health$$$ Breastfeeding is associated with a reduced later obesity risk, relative to feeding convention infant formula. Breastfeeding induces less weight gain during the first two years of life, which predicts less obesity up to adulthood. We tested the hypothesis that a high infant protein supply promotes weight gain and obesity risk, mediated by increased plasma amino acids and growth factors, insulin and insulin like growth factor 1 (IGF‐1). A large multi‐centre double blind trial randomized formula‐fed infants to conventional bottle milk with a high protein content, or an intervention formula with a reduced protein content more similar to levels provided with human milk. Protein‐reduced formula normalized weight, body mass index and body fatness up to 6 years, relative to a breastfed reference group, and reduced the adjusted odds for obesity 2.6‐fold. Available data indicate potential underlying mechanisms. We conclude that infant feeding has very marked long‐term programming effects on later BMI, obesity and adiposity, with major public health implications. Breastfeeding lowers the risk for later obesity and adiposity. This provides additional motivation for proactively and enthusiastically promoting, protecting and supporting breastfeeding. A high milk protein intake in infancy increases the long‐term risk for obesity and adiposity. Infants not or not fully breastfed should receive infant formula delivering protein in amounts more similar to human milk contents, with high protein quality. Other sources of very high infant protein intakes, particular drinking unmodified cows' milk, should be avoided in infancy.
Stress and Depressive Symptoms Are Not Associated with Overall Diet Quality, But Are Associated with Aspects of Diet Quality in Pregnant Women in South Carolina$$$ BACKGROUND: Poor mental health may hinder diet quality in pregnancy. OBJECTIVE: This study 1) examined whether stress and depressive symptoms are associated with diet quality (via Healthy Eating Index [HEI] 2015 total scores and dietary intake of food groups/nutrients that align with HEI‐2015 components) and 2) tested race as a moderator in the relationship between mental health and diet quality. DESIGN: This was a cross‐sectional analysis of baseline data from a randomized controlled trial collected January 2015 through January 2019 in Columbia, South Carolina. Trained staff administered demographic and psychosocial questionnaires and conducted anthropometric measures. Participants completed two 24‐hour dietary recalls, which were self‐administered (one on‐site, one at home). PARTICIPANTS: The Health in Pregnancy and Postpartum study was a randomized controlled trial targeting excessive gestational weight gain among pregnant women with overweight/obesity (N = 228). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The HEI‐2015 total scores and food groups/nutrients that align with HEI‐2015 were calculated. STATISTICAL ANALYSES PERFORMED: Multiple linear regression models were used to estimate the relationship between mental health and HEI‐2015 total scores and dietary intake of food groups or nutrients that align with HEI‐2015 components. Multiplicative interaction terms of stress or depressive symptoms with race were used to determine moderation. RESULTS: Participants' diet quality was suboptimal (M = 52.0 ± 11.7$$$ range, 27‐85). Stress was negatively associated with HEI‐2015 total scores (crude but not adjusted model). Stress scores were positively associated with consumption of dairy, refined grains, and added sugars and negatively associated with total protein foods. Depressive symptoms were positively associated with consumption of dairy, refined grains, and saturated fats. Race was not a moderator. CONCLUSIONS: Diet quality was poor overall, but stress and depressive symptoms were not associated with HEI‐2015 total scores in adjusted models. Excluding dairy, stress and depressive symptoms were associated with the consumption of food groups or nutrients related to worse diet quality. These relationships should be examined longitudinally to help establish causality and inform future interventions.
Abstracts from the International Science Symposium on HIV and Infectious Diseases, ISSHID 2019$$$ The proceedings contain 15 papers. The topics discussed include: effects of marine extracts on augmenting cytokine production and its anti tumor activity$$$ role of MYBPC3?25bp mutation in rheumatic heart disease among south Indian population$$$ differences in susceptibility of primary and cancer cells to Chandipura virus$$$ predictive value of neck circumference to thyromental distance ratio for difficult intubation in obese patients$$$ lymphocyte negative regulatory molecule CTLA‐4 +49A/G polymorphism in rheumatic heart disease patients among south indians$$$ effect of reflexology on milk secretion among postnatal mothers who had undergone caesarean section$$$ and comparison of safety efficacy of metformin plus glimepiride vs metformin plus sitagliptin in patients of type 2 diabetes mellitus with poor glycemic control, a randomized open label study.
A meal rich in palm oil or butter modifies the sphingolipid profile of postprandial triglyceride-rich lipoproteins from type 2 diabetic women$$$ Elevated concentrations of triglyceride‐rich lipoproteins (TGRL) in the fasting and postprandial states are risk factors for cardiovascular events, especially in type 2 diabetes (T2D). T2D modifies the lipid composition of plasma and lipoproteins and some sphingolipids (SP) have been validated as potent predictive biomarkers of cardiovascular disease occurrence. The main objectives of the present study were to characterize the plasma SP profile in fasting T2D patients and to determine whether SP are modified in postprandial TGRL from these patients compared to fasting TGRL. In a randomized parallel‐group study, 30 T2D women ingested a breakfast including 20g lipids from either hazelnut cocoa palm oil‐rich spread (Palm Nut) or Butter. Plasma was collected and TGRL were isolated by ultracentrifugation at fasting and 4h after the meal. Fasting samples of 6 control subjects from another cohort were analyzed for comparison. SP were analyzed by tandem mass spectrometry. Plasma from fasting T2D patients had higher ceramide (Cer) and ganglioside GM3 concentrations, and lower concentrations of sphingosylphosphorylcholine vs healthy subjects. In postprandial TGRL from T2D patients compared to those in the fasting state, Cer concentrations and especially C16:0, C24:1 and C24:0 molecular species, increased after the Palm Nut or Butter breakfast. A positive correlation was observed in the Palm Nut group between changes (Δ4h‐fasting) of summed C16:0+C22:0+C24:1+C24:0 Cer concentrations in TGRL, and changes in plasma TG, TGRL‐TG and TGRL‐C16:0 concentrations. Altogether in T2D, the altered profile of plasma SP and the increased Cer concentrations in postprandial TGRL could contribute to the increased atherogenicity of TGRL.
The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension eating plan affects C-reactive protein, coagulation abnormalities, and hepatic function tests among type 2 diabetic patients$$$ Few studies exist regarding the effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet on novel cardiovascular risk factors among type 2 diabetic patients. We evaluated the effects of the DASH eating pattern on C‐reactive protein (CRP) level, coagulation abnormalities, and hepatic function tests in type 2 diabetic patients. In this randomized, crossover clinical trial, 31 type 2 diabetic patients consumed a control diet or the DASH diet for 8 wk. The DASH diet was rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and low‐fat dairy products and low in saturated fat, total fat, cholesterol, refined grains, and sweets, with a total of 2400 mg/d sodium. The control diet was a standard diet for diabetic patients. There was a 4‐wk washout between the 2 trial phases. The main outcome measures were CRP level, coagulation indices, and hepatic function tests. The mean percent change for plasma CRP level was ‐26.9 ± 3.5% after the DASH diet period and ‐5.1 ± 3.8% after the control diet period (P = 0.02). Decreases in both alanine aminotransferase and aspartate aminotransferase levels were greater after consuming the DASH diet compared with the control diet (‐14.8 ± 3.0% vs ‐6.6 ± 3.4%$$$ P = 0.001$$$ ‐29.4 ± 3.7% vs ‐5.9 ± 1.4%$$$ P = 0.001, respectively). The decrease in the plasma fibrinogen level during the DASH diet period (‐11.4 ± 3.6%) was greater than that during the control diet (0.5 ± 3.4%) (P = 0.03). Among diabetic patients, the DASH diet can play an important role in reducing inflammation, plasma levels of fibrinogen, and liver aminotransferases. Future longer term studies are recommended.
A Palaeolithic diet improves glucose tolerance more than a Mediterranean-like diet in individuals with ischaemic heart disease$$$ AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Most studies of diet in glucose intolerance and type 2 diabetes have focused on intakes of fat, carbohydrate, fibre, fruits and vegetables. Instead, we aimed to compare diets that were available during human evolution with more recently introduced ones. METHODS: Twenty‐nine patients with ischaemic heart disease plus either glucose intolerance or type 2 diabetes were randomised to receive (1) a Palaeolithic ('Old Stone Age') diet (n = 14), based on lean meat, fish, fruits, vegetables, root vegetables, eggs and nuts$$$ or (2) a Consensus (Mediterranean‐like) diet (n = 15), based on whole grains, low‐fat dairy products, vegetables, fruits, fish, oils and margarines. Primary outcome variables were changes in weight, waist circumference and plasma glucose AUC (AUC Glucose(0‐120)) and plasma insulin AUC (AUC Insulin(0‐120)) in OGTTs. RESULTS: Over 12 weeks, there was a 26% decrease of AUC Glucose(0‐120) (p = 0.0001) in the Palaeolithic group and a 7% decrease (p = 0.08) in the Consensus group. The larger (p = 0.001) improvement in the Palaeolithic group was independent (p = 0.0008) of change in waist circumference (‐5.6 cm in the Palaeolithic group, ‐2.9 cm in the Consensus group$$$ p = 0.03). In the study population as a whole, there was no relationship between change in AUC Glucose(0‐120) and changes in weight (r = ‐0.06, p = 0.9) or waist circumference (r = 0.01, p = 1.0). There was a tendency for a larger decrease of AUC Insulin(0‐120) in the Palaeolithic group, but because of the strong association between change in AUC Insulin(0‐120) and change in waist circumference (r = 0.64, p = 0.0003), this did not remain after multivariate analysis. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: A Palaeolithic diet may improve glucose tolerance independently of decreased waist circumference.
Dietary influences on insulin sensitivity: a randomized, crossover study$$$ Epidemiological studies indicate red and processed meat and refined grain intake is associated with increased risk of type 2 diabetes. Interventions with red and processed meat are limited. The hypothesis was that a diet high in red and processed meat and refined grains (HMD) decreases insulin sensitivity compared with a diet with no red meat, high in whole grains, nuts, dairy and legumes (HWD). Fifty subjects with no diabetes [15 men and 35 women, age, 35.2 ± 15.7 yr, body mass index (BMI), 27.2 ± 6 kg/m2] underwent two 4‐week weight‐stable dietary interventions in a randomized crossover design HMD 200 g‐300 g red, 50 g processed meat, 4‐6 serves refined grains, HWD 4 serves dairy foods, 3‐4 serves whole grains, 60‐90g nuts, 70‐200 g chicken/seafood or 150‐225g/legumes. The insulin sensitivity index (ISI) was calculated from the last 30 minutes of a continuous low‐dose insulin (25mU/kgh) and glucose (4 mg/kgmin) infusion test (LDIGIT) at the end of each diet. Insulin secretion was determined by calculating the incremental C‐peptide area (LDIGIT 0‐30min). Insulin levels (LDIGIT120‐150min) were higher (119.2 ± 20.4 pmol/L vs. 88 ± 11.3 pmol/L, p = 0.025) on HMD. There were no significant differences in fasting glucose (5.40 ± 0.07 vs. 5.42 ± 0.08, p = 0.7), fasting insulin (13.72 ± 1.9 pmol/L vs. 11.46 ± 1.4 pmol/L, p = 0.08), fasting C‐peptide (0.72 ± 0.05 vs. 0.73 ± 0.04 nmol/L, p = 0.7) and homeostasis model assessment (HOMA, 0.5 ± 0.07 vs. 0.45 ± 0.05 pmol/L, p = 0.08), LDIGIT glucose (6.4 ± 0.2 vs. 6.17 ± 0.19 mmol/L, p = 0.16) or ISI [97 ± 18.2 vs. 112 ± 23.9 (ml/kg min‐1 pmol/l) X 103, p = 0.4] or average C‐peptide (5‐30 min) (1.22 ± 0.08 vs. 1.23 ± 0.07 nmol/L/30 min, p = 0.8) or incremental AUC for C‐peptide (0‐30min) (32.2 ± 2.7 vs. 34.2 ± 2.3 nmol/L/min, p = 0.3) between two diets. No interaction was found with gender, BMI or glucose status. No weight change was seen. A four‐week HMD did not decrease insulin sensitivity as assessed by ISILDIGIT and HOMA, despite a significant increase in insulin levels (LDIGIT120‐150min), compared with HWD.
The Personal Nutrition Planner: a 5-week, computer-tailored intervention for women$$$ OBJECTIVE: To conduct a dietary intervention using the Personal Nutrition Planner (PNP), an on‐line nutrition intervention tool. DESIGN: Randomized controlled trial with pretest, posttest, and 2‐month follow‐up self‐report assessments. SETTING: Web/on‐line. PARTICIPANTS: Female university staff (n = 307$$$ 59.1% Caucasian) recruited via e‐mail. Retention rate was 85.0% (118 treatment$$$ 143 comparison). INTERVENTION: PNP on‐line produces individualized nutrition feedback based on initial on‐line assessment. Intervention lasted 5 weeks and included weekly e‐mail reminders. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Dietary intake frequencies, weight loss, opinions regarding intervention. ANALYSIS: Repeated‐measures analysis of variance to determine intervention effects on dietary intake and weight loss (P < .05). RESULTS: Relative to the comparison group who received no program, the treatment group increased dairy intake frequency across the 3 assessments (F(2,304) = 3.15$$$ P < .05). Among participants who wanted to lose weight, weight loss in the treatment group was significantly higher than that of the comparison group from pretest to posttest (F(1,92) = 4.50$$$ P < .05). On a scale of 1‐5, mean ratings of the PNP program characteristics ranged from 3‐4. CONCLUSIONS AND IMPLICATIONS: PNP produced significant increases in dairy intake and decreases in weight. Further revisions will tailor PNP to better fit individuals' dietary goals and increase motivation.
Beneficial effects of Bifidobacterium lactis on lipid profile and cytokines in patients with metabolic syndrome: a randomized trial. Effects of probiotics on metabolic syndrome$$$ OBJECTIVE: Human studies have shown the beneficial effects of probiotic microorganisms on the parameters of metabolic syndrome (MetS) and other cardiovascular risks, but to our knowledge the effect of Bifidobacterium lactis has not yet been reported. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of consumption of milk containing the probiotic B. lactis HN019 on the classical parameters of MetS and other related cardiovascular risk factors. METHODS: Fifty‐one patients with MetS were selected and divided into a control group (n = 25) and a probiotic group (n = 26). The probiotic group consumed fermented milk with probiotics over the course of 45 d. The effects of B. lactis on lipid profile, glucose metabolism, and proinflammatory cytokines (tumor necrosis factor‐α and interleukin‐6) were assessed in blood samples of the individuals at the baseline and after 45 d. RESULTS: Daily ingestion of 80 mL fermented milk with 2.72 × 10(10) colony‐forming units of B. lactis HN019 showed significant reduction in body mass index (P = 0.017), total cholesterol (P = 0.009), and low‐density lipoprotein (P = 0.008) compared with baseline and control group values. Furthermore, a significant decrease in tumor necrosis factor‐α (P = 0.033) and interleukin‐6 (P = 0.044) proinflammatory cytokines was observed. CONCLUSION: These data showed potential effects of B. lactis HN019 in reducing obesity, blood lipids, and some inflammatory markers, which may reduce cardiovascular risk in patients with MetS.
Fructose containing sugars do not raise blood pressure or uric acid at normal levels of human consumption$$$ The impact of fructose, commonly consumed with sugars by humans, on blood pressure and uric acid has yet to be defined. A total of 267 weight‐stable participants drank sugar‐sweetened milk every day for 10 weeks as part of their usual, mixed‐nutrient diet. Groups 1 and 2 had 9% estimated caloric intake from fructose or glucose, respectively, added to milk. Groups 3 and 4 had 18% of estimated caloric intake from high fructose corn syrup or sucrose, respectively, added to the milk. Blood pressure and uric acid were determined prior to and after the 10‐week intervention. There was no effect of sugar type on either blood pressure or uric acid (interaction P>.05), and a significant time effect for blood pressure was noted (P<.05). The authors conclude that 10 weeks of consumption of fructose at the 50th percentile level, whether consumed as pure fructose or with fructose‐glucose‐containing sugars, does not promote hyperuricemia or increase blood pressure.
A clinical trial to study the effect of individualised homoeopathic medicine (similimum) on modifying the anger of patients having mild to moderate essential hypertension and thereby reducing the raised blood pressure against standard antihypertensive treatment$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Individualised homoeopathic remedy: be done and individualised homoeopathic remedy will be prescribed depending on the totality of symptoms It will be administered in the form of medicine liquid added a drop on sugar of milk powder and/ or pills, administered orally. Pills (which may or may not contain medicinal substance) will be 4 pills 3 times a day and powder 2‐3 times a week or as per requirement. Therapy is continued for 6‐month study period and later if required, can be continued. Control Intervention1: placebo (Sugar of milk globules: sugar of milk globules without adding homoeopathic medicine liquid CONDITION: Essential (primary) hypertension PRIMARY OUTCOME: Changes in anger variables scores $$$ Changes in blood pressure valuesTimepoint: At the end of 6 months study period SECONDARY OUTCOME: Reduction in the intensity of comorbid conditionsTimepoint: Follow up every 2 weeks to assess subjective and objective criteria INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients of essential hypertension
The impact of obesity-related SNP on appetite and energy intake$$$ An increasing number of studies have reported a heritable component for the regulation of energy intake and eating behaviour, although the individual polymorphisms and their ‘effect size’ are not fully elucidated. The aim of the present study was to examine the relationship between specific SNP and appetite responses and energy intake in overweight men. In a randomised cross‐over trial, forty overweight men (age 32 (sd 09) years$$$ BMI 27 (sd 2) kg/m2) attended four sessions 1 week apart and received three isoenergetic and isovolumetric servings of dairy snacks or water (control) in random order. Appetite ratings were determined using visual analogue scales and energy intake at an ad libitum lunch was assessed 90 min after the dairy snacks. Individuals were genotyped for SNP in the fat mass and obesity‐associated (FTO), leptin (LEP), leptin receptor (LEPR) genes and a variant near the melanocortin‐4 receptor (MC4R) locus. The postprandial fullness rating over the full experiment following intake of the different snacks was 17·2 % (P= 0·026) lower in A carriers compared with TT homozygotes for rs9939609 (FTO, dominant) and 18·6 % (P= 0·020) lower in G carriers compared with AA homozygotes for rs7799039 (LEP, dominant). These observations indicate that FTO and LEP polymorphisms are related to the variation in the feeling of fullness and may play a role in the regulation of food intake. Further studies are required to confirm these initial observations and investigate the ‘penetrance’ of these genotypes in additional population subgroups.
Effect of dha supplementation during pregnancy and lactation on several adipokines in pregnant women and their neonates$$$ Brief Introduction: Most studies of DHA supplementation during pregnancy and infant development are focused on visual and neural development. However, scarce information is available about the influence of DHA supplementation on other areas, in particular its effect on adipokines expression, which are related to adipose tissue metabolism and obesity. Aim: Evaluate the effect of DHA supplemented dairy drink consumption during pregnancy and breastfeeding on the expression of several adipokines in mothers (pregnancy, delivery and breastfeeding) and their newborns (birth and 2.5 months of age). Materials & Methods: 60 women were randomly assigned to two intervention groups: A) Control Group (n = 30): They will intake 2 glasses/day of the control dairy drink, and B) Supplemented Group (n = 30): The women will take 2 glasses/day of the supplemented dairy drink (400 mg DHA/day). Dietary intervention began in week 28th of pregnancy of pregnancy and concluded when breastfeeding stopped. Samples of blood were obtained from the mothers, from the umbilical vein and arteries and the newborn at 2.5 months postpartum. Adiponectin, resistin, leptin and active PAI‐1 plasma levels were determined using a panel from Luminex xMAP technology. Clinical Cases or Summary Results: Adiponectin was higher in the supplemented group in umbilical cord artery, whereas active‐PAI showed a lower value in this group, although we observed an increase in mother's blood during delivery. Resistin did not show any difference between groups and leptin was higher in the supplemented group in umbilical cord vein and artery. Conclusions: The most noteworthy result is the effect of DHA supplementation in umbilical cord artery adipokine levels, increasing the adiponectin and decreasing the active PAI‐1. In addition, active PAI‐1 increases in mothers during delivery, promoting the coagulation process. It is also interesting the increase in the supplemented group of leptin, which has been related to positive energy balance.
Calcium intake and the outcome of short-term weight management$$$ Experimental and epidemiological studies suggest that calcium intake is inversely related to weight gain. Calcium of dairy origin has been shown to be more effective in promoting weight loss. However, clinical studies yielded controversial results concerning the role of calcium intake in weight change. The aim of this study was to ascertain whether the addition of calcium can affect the outcome of 3‐week weight management (WM) with a hypocaloric diet characterized by a decreased calcium intake. Overweight/ obese women (n=67$$$ BMI 32.2+/‐4.1 kg/m(2)$$$ age 49.1+/‐12.1 years) underwent a 4‐week comprehensive WM program. WM included a 7 MJ/day diet resulting in a stable weight during the first week and a 4.5 MJ/day diet with mean daily calcium intake 350 mg during the second to fourth week. Participants were divided into three age‐ and BMI‐matched groups who received placebo or calcium (500 mg/day). Calcium was administered either as carbonate or calcium of dairy origin (Lactoval). There was no significant difference in weight loss in response to WM between the placebo‐treated and calcium‐treated groups. However, addition of calcium to the diet resulted in a lower hunger score in the Eating Inventory as well as a decrease in plasma resistin levels. Body composition measured by bioimpedance demonstrated that added calcium leads to preservation of fat‐free mass. Nevertheless, a greater loss of fat‐free mass in the placebo group might be partly due to a greater loss of water.
Beverage-consumption patterns and associations with metabolic risk factors among low-income Latinos with uncontrolled type 2 diabetes$$$ In the United States, Latinos experience disproportionately higher rates of type 2 diabetes and diabetes‐related complications than non‐Latino whites. Sugar‐sweetened beverage (SSB) consumption is strongly associated with increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes. Reducing caloric intake, particularly from energy‐dense, low‐nutrient foods or beverages, can be an effective and key strategy for metabolic and weight control. However, little is known about the contribution of various types of beverages, including but not limited to SSBs, to total caloric intake among Latinos with type 2 diabetes. Low‐income Latinos (87.7% Puerto Rican) participating in a diabetes self‐management intervention trial (N=238) provided cross‐sectional, descriptive data on beverage‐consumption patterns, anthropometric outcomes, and metabolic characteristics. Beverages accounted for one fifth of the total daily caloric intake. SSBs and milk beverages, respectively, contributed 9.6% of calories to overall daily caloric intake. Interventions directed at diabetes risk factors among low‐income Latinos with diabetes can benefit from consideration of beverage‐consumption behaviors as an important strategy to reduce caloric and sugar intake.
A high protein low glycemic index diet has no adverse effect on blood pressure in pregnant women with overweight or obesity: a secondary data analysis of a randomized clinical trial$$$ OBJECTIVES: The objective of this analysis was to evaluate the effect of a diet rich in animal protein and low in glycemic index on blood pressure during pregnancy. DESIGN: This post hoc, secondary data analysis of a randomized controlled trial, evaluated blood pressure in pregnant participants who were randomized either to an ad libitum diet with high protein and low glycemic index, rich in dairy and seafood, or an ad libitum control diet according to national recommendations. SETTING: The study occurred in pregnant women in Copenhagen, Denmark. SAMPLE: A total of 279 pregnant females with overweight or obesity were enrolled. METHODS AND OUTCOME MEASURE: Blood pressure was measured at 5 timepoints during pregnancy from gestational week 15 through week 36, and blood pressure between groups was compared. RESULTS: There were no differences between diet arms in systolic or diastolic blood pressure over time. There were also no differences in most blood‐pressure‐related pregnancy complications, including the prevalence of premature birth, preeclampsia, or hypertension, but the frequency of total cesarean sections was lower in the active than the control group (16 out of 104 vs. 30 out of 104) (p = 0.02). CONCLUSION: Increased animal protein intake was not associated with changes in blood pressure in pregnant women with overweight or obesity. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: [ClinicalTrials.gov], identifier [NCT01894139].
Effect of different doses of progestin on uterine leiomyomas in postmenopausal women$$$ OBJECTIVE(S): To evaluate the effects of two doses of medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA) on uterine leiomyoma sizes and on uterine bleeding pattern in postmenopausal women treated with oral hormone replacement therapy (HRT). STUDY DESIGN: Thirty natural postmenopausal women affected by uterine leiomyomas were enrolled and treated with oral micronized estradiol (E(2)) at dose of 2 mg per day, and randomized to receive in association MPA at dose of 2.5 mg daily (group A) or of 5 mg daily (group B). At the beginning of the study and after 1 year of treatment, uterine leiomyomata dimensions were measured using transvaginal ultrasonography (TV‐USG). The subjects were instructed to note on a daily dairy the number and severity of abnormal uterine bleeding (AUB) episodes. RESULTS: After 1 year of therapy, a significant changes in mean uterine leiomyomas size was observed in the group treated with higher dose of MPA. No significant differences in uterine bleeding were detected between the two groups. CONCLUSION(S): In postmenopausal women with uterine leiomyomas, it is necessary to use the minimal efficacious dose of progestin during HRT because of a higher risk to increase the tumors dimensions.
Two-year effect of semaglutide 2.4 mg on control of eating in adults with overweight/obesity: STEP 5$$$ OBJECTIVE: This study evaluated the effect of once‐weekly semaglutide 2.4 mg on 2‐year control of eating. METHODS: In STEP 5, adults with overweight/obesity were randomized 1:1 to semaglutide 2.4 mg or placebo, plus lifestyle modification, for 104 weeks. A 19‐item Control of Eating Questionnaire was administered at weeks 0, 20, 52, and 104 in a subgroup of participants. P values were not controlled for multiplicity. RESULTS: In participants completing the Control of Eating Questionnaire (semaglutide, n = 88$$$ placebo, n = 86), mean body weight changes were ‐14.8% (semaglutide) and ‐2.4% (placebo). Scores significantly improved with semaglutide versus placebo for Craving Control and Craving for Savory domains at weeks 20, 52, and 104 (p < 0.01)$$$ for Positive Mood and Craving for Sweet domains at weeks 20 and 52 (p < 0.05)$$$ and for hunger and fullness at week 20 (p < 0.001). Improvements in craving domain scores were positively correlated with reductions in body weight from baseline to week 104 with semaglutide. At 104 weeks, scores for desire to eat salty and spicy food, cravings for dairy and starchy foods, difficulty in resisting cravings, and control of eating were significantly reduced with semaglutide versus placebo (all p < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: In adults with overweight/obesity, semaglutide 2.4 mg improved short‐ and longer‐term control of eating associated with substantial weight loss.
Implication of sugar, protein and incretins in excessive glucagon secretion in type 2 diabetes after mixed meals$$$ Aims: Amino acids powerfully release glucagon but their contribution to postprandial hyperglucagonemia in type 2 diabetes remains unclear. Exogenously applied GIP stimulates, while GLP‐1 inhibits, glucagon secretion in humans. However, their role in mixed meals is unclear, which we therefore characterized. Methods: In three experiments, participants with type 2 diabetes and obese controls randomly received different loads of sugars and/or proteins. In the first experiment, participants ingested the rapidly cleaved saccharose (SAC) or slowly cleaved isomaltulose (ISO) which is known to elicit opposite profiles of GIP and GLP‐1 secretion. In the second one participants received test meals which contained saccharose or isomaltulose in combination with milk protein. The third set of participants underwent randomized oral protein tests with whey protein or casein. Incretins, glucagon, C‐peptide, and insulin were profiled by specific immunological assays. Results: 50 g of the sugars alone suppressed glucagon in controls but slightly less in type 2 diabetes patients. Participants with type 2 diabetes showed excessive glucagon responses within 15 min and lasting over 3 h, while the obese controls showed small initial and delayed greater glucagon responses to mixed meals. The release of GIP was significantly faster and greater with SAC compared to ISO, while GLP‐1 showed an inverse pattern. The glucagon responses to whey or casein were only moderately increased in type 2 diabetes patients without a left shift of the dose response curve. Conclusions: The rapid hypersecretion of glucagon after mixed meals in type 2 diabetes patients compared to controls is unaffected by endogenous incretins. The defective suppression of glucagon by glucose combined with hypersecretion to protein is required for the exaggerated response. Clinical trials numbers: NCT03806920, NCT02219295, NCT04564391.
Bottle-weaning intervention and toddler overweight$$$ Objective To evaluate 3 research questions: (1) Does a Women, Infants, and Children (WIC)‐based counseling intervention reduce (milk) bottle use?$$$ (2) Does this intervention reduce energy intake from bottles?$$$ and (3) Does this intervention reduce the risk of a child being >85th percentile weight‐for‐length?Study design Parents of n = 300 12‐month‐olds consuming >2 bottles/d were randomized to a bottle‐weaning intervention or control group. Nutritionists at WIC Supplemental Feeding Program sites delivered the intervention. Researchers assessed dietary intake and beverage container use via computer‐guided 24‐hour recalls, and anthropometrics at 15, 18, 21, and 24 months old. Intent‐to‐treat analyses controlled for baseline measures of outcomes and months post‐baseline.Results At 1 year follow‐up, the intervention group had reduced use of any bottles (OR = 0.23, 95% CI = 0.08‐0.61), calories from milk bottles (OR = 0.36, 95% CI = 0.18‐0.74), and total calories (β = ‐1.15, P =.043), but did not differ from controls in risk of overweight status (ie, >85th percentile weight‐for‐length (OR = 1.02, 95% CI = 0.5‐2.0). The intervention group's decreased bottle usage at 15 and 18 months was paralleled by increased "sippy cup" usage.Conclusion A brief intervention, during WIC routine care, reduced early childhood risk factors for overweight ‐ bottle use and energy intake ‐ but not risk of overweight. The intervention group's increased use of sippy cups may have attenuated an intervention effect upon risk of overweight. Toddlers consume a high proportion of their calories as liquid. Parents should be counseled about excess intake from bottles and sippy cups. WIC is an ideal setting for such interventions.
Linking of omics-based biomarkers with nutrition and cardiometabolic health in Chinese$$$ With rapid development of advanced technology, omics‐based biomarkers are expected to provide a more precise tool to predict and control diseases, and also to evaluate nutrition status. However, limited prospective studies have systematically investigated major nutritional and genetic factors for cardiometabolic diseases in Chinese with the world largest populations of obesity and type 2 diabetics (T2D). Thus, by utilizing multiple omics approaches in a 6‐yr population‐based cohort study and also leading a national genomewide association study (GWAS) for T2D in Chinese Hans, over 100 genetic variants were identified or confirmed to be associated with obesity, T2D and hypertension. Moreover, about 50 genetic variants were documented to influence fatty acids, vitamin D and iron metabolic pathways. Meanwhile, multiple nutritional biomarkers (high carb or dairy intakes and iron, vitamin D, vitamin B1 status) were showed to be associated with prevalence or incident of metabolic syndrome (MetS), T2D and other health outcomes. For instance, high carbohydrate dietary pattern appeared to promote levels of 16:1n‐7 and other fatty acids from de novo lipogenesis (DNL) pathway. Increased levels of 16:1n‐7 fatty acids were associated with a higher 6‐year incidence of MetS and T2D. In our recent GWAS for monounsaturated fatty acids, GCKR‐rs1260326 and PKD2L1‐rs603424 were linked with altered 16:1n‐7 and other fatty acid levels by modifying DNL pathway. Moreover, a panel of acylcarnitines, especially longchain acylcarnitines, was showed to substantially improve predictive ability for incident diabetes beyond conventional risks. There were about 70% participants in our cohort population having vitamin D deficiency and low plasma 25(OH)D significantly associated with high MetS risks. In our recent randomized, double‐blinded controlled trial, daily supplementation with 2000 IU vitamin D3 (the upper intake level in China) for 20 weeks significantly raised 25(OH)D concentrations, but still left 25% participants with uncorrected deficiency. Genetic factors exerted stronger impact than non‐genetic factors (baseline value, BMI and gender) on 25(OH)D responses$$$ while overweight persons showed lower 25(OH)D response than that in normal weight persons. Overall, our studies provide important insights regarding roles of genetic and nutrient‐related biomarkers on metabolic diseases and nutritional status in Chinese and these findings are useful for achieving strategies of precision nutrition.
Comparison of two methods of lumbar puncture performance$$$ Introduction Spinal epidermoid tumours may have either a congenital or iatrogenic origin. These tumours result from implanting epidermic tissue into the spinal canal after lumbar punctures (LP) performed with needles without stylets or with inappropriate adapted stylets. Consequently epidermal cells drag and grow as epithelial tissue, it is the only one that can to nourish without vessels. Since late 60's when the method of lumbar puncture with scalp‐vein needle (Butterfly needle) was described, many neonatologists worldwide have performed the LP to neonates with these needles because they were either familiarised with this technique or because they did not know the risks. Research aims To demonstrate that there is risk of implanting epidermal cells when performing the LP with 2 types of needles: trocar and Butterfly needles. Material and methods A descriptive prospective randomized study has been done to newborns who underwent LP in our Neonatal Units. The period of inclusion was from 2009 to 2014. Patients were randomized to perform the LP with trocar or Butterfly needle. During this period the randomisation was made by temporal criteria with the same neonatologist team with many years of experience in the field of Neonatology. Four samples of each LP were extracted. Sample 1: 5 drops of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF). Samples 2 and 3: 10 drops of CSF in each sample for cytochemical and microbiological analysis. Sample 4: After removing the needle we decided to wash the needle light with 1 ml of SSF. One drop of 70° alcohol was added to samples 1 and 4 and then nthey were placed in a refrigerator at 4°C. Afterwards the sample was centrifuged and a Papanicolau staining was done to analyse the presence of epidermic cells. Results Results of 173 LP are presented, 88 with Butterfly needle, 85 with trocar needle, performed in neonates with mean gestational age 36.01+/‐3.8 weeks, weight average 2575 +/‐ 894 grammes, and at 12+/‐11 days. Epidermal cells were found in 9% of LP with Butterfly needle, and 1.17% with trocar needle in sample 1. Similar results were found in sample 4. Both differences were statistically significant (OR): 8,4$$$ 95% IC$$$ 1,027‐68,68$$$ p=0,035. Conclusion According to our study it may be concluded that the use of Butterfly needles should be considered for lumbar punctures in neonates because there is the possibility of introducing epithelial fragments in the spinal canal and a possible risk of developing an epidermoid iatrogenic tumour may occur.
Oxidative stress parameters in women with breast cancer undergoing neoadjuvant chemotherapy and treated with nutraceutical doses of oral glutamine$$$ PURPOSE: To evaluate the effects of oral administration of GLN on the oxidative stress in women with breast cancer undergoing neoadjuvant FAC chemotherapy (5 fluouracil 500 mg/m²+Doxorubicin 50 mg/m²+Cyclophosphamide 500 mg/m² body surface area). METHODS: Twenty women (mean age: 51.7 years) with breast ductal carcinomas classified as T3 or T4 were included in the study, regardless of pre or post menopause status. Sachets containing glutamine 15g ("A") or milk protein 15g ("B") were prepared by a registered pharmacist. Allocation of patients was made by software program. Patients who received sachets labeled "A" were included in G1 group. The remaining patients, treated with the preparation labeled "B", were included in group G2. Sachets contents were blended in 150 ml of drinking water, and were given daily to each patient during the entire course of neoadjuvant chemotherapy. Peripheral blood samples were collected in the first day of each of the three cycles of chemotherapy before drug infusion. Tumor and normal breast samples were collected at the end of Patey´s surgical procedure. Samples were analysed for GSH and TBARS contents. RESULTS: TBARS and GSH values were not different in breast healthy and tumor tissues nor blood when comparing control (G‐2) and glutamine‐treated (G‐1) patients. Also, no significant differences were found in TBARS and GSH levels comparing different timepoints within the same group. CONCLUSION: Oral GLN (15g/kg/day) offers no protection against systemic or local oxidative stress in women with breast Ca undergoing neoadjuvant chemotherapy (FAC).
Effect of Cooking Oils on Overweight women’s health$$$ INTERVENTION: This is a three‐arm, double‐blind, randomized controlled clinical trial. Coconut Experimental Group: 36 overweight or obese women received 25 milliliters of coconut oil in a flavored milk shake (300 milliliters) and biscuits. Experimental Olive Oil Group: 36 overweight or obese women received 25 milliliters of extra virgin olive oil in a flavored milk shake (300 milliliters) and biscuits. Control Group: 36 overweight or obese women received 25 milliliters of soybean oil in a flavored milk shake (300 milliliters) and biscuits. The shakes were offered randomly (minimization method, considering age, body mass index, and waist circumference). Randomization and concealment of the randomization sequence were performed by a researcher not involved in data collection and analysis. Only the team responsible for preparing breakfast (undergraduate nutrition students) knew the randomization sequence. The shakes were offered in colored glasses, unidentified by the group, similar in appearance and smell. Tested meals (shakes and biscuits) were consumed daily for nine weeks in fasting conditions by participants in the laboratory. In addition, they received an individualized menu with a restriction of 500 kilocalories per day to be consumed under free‐living conditions CONDITION: Obesity PRIMARY OUTCOME: It is expected to verify a 5 percent reduction in the participants&apos$$$ body weight, assessed using an anthropometric scale, after consuming of olive oil It is expected to verify a reduction of 30 percent in serum concentrations of advanced glycation end products, assessed by commercial enzyme immunoassay kits, after consuming olive oil SECONDARY OUTCOME: It is expected to see an improvement of 15 percent in plasma concentrations of proinflammatory cytokines, assessed by flow cytometry, after consuming olive oil It is expected to verify an improvement of 5 percent in leptin parameters, assessed by commercial enzyme linked immunosorbent assay kits, after consumption of olive oil INCLUSION CRITERIA: Women$$$ aged between 20 and 41 years$$$ linked at the Universidade Federal de Viçosa$$$ body mass inde Xbetween 26 and 34.9 kilograms per square meter$$$ body fat percentage above 30$$$ level of food inhibition/disinhibition less than or equal to 14
NUTRITIONAL EDUCATION (FACE-TO-FACE AND VIDEO INSTRUCTION) FOR POLYCYSTIC OVARY SYNDROME RESULTS IN GREATER REDUCTION IN BMI AND HEMOGLOBIN A1C THAN CALORIC RESTRICTION, EXERCISE AND METFORMIN$$$ Objective: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) affects approximately 12% of women of reproductive age and increases risk of obesity, diabetes, heart disease, cancer and infertility. Metabolic inflexibility associated with PCOS makes weight loss difficult and has made nutritional education for this condition challenging and time‐consuming. Hyperinsulinemia drives hyperandrogenism in PCOS. Research shows that carbohydrates from dairy and starch‐based foods have greater insulinogenic properties than carbohydrates from non‐starchy vegetables and fruits. The purpose of this study was to determine whether an 8‐week dietary intervention with face‐to‐face or web‐based nutritional instruction focusing on a low starch/low dairy diet would result in successful weight loss in women with PCOS. Materials and Methods: Prospective randomized controlled trial including overweight/obese women with PCOS, age 18 to 45 years. Seventy‐one participants enrolled, and 59 completed the study. Participants were randomized to 3 groups: Face‐to‐Face (F2F) Nutritional Instruction, 11‐minute Web‐based (Web) Nutritional Instruction or Standard Clinical Practice (SCP) (National Institutes of Health guidelines for recommended caloric intake and exercise frequency and metformin if elevated fasting glucose, fasting insulin or hemoglobin A1c). Baseline weight, BMI, waist and hip circumference, and hemoglobin A1c were recorded. Measurements and data analysis were performed by the institution’s Clinical Research Insitute. Participants in treatment groups were permitted to eat lean meats, non‐starchy vegetables, and low sugar fruits ad libitum until the point of satiety at every meal. Participants returned in 8 weeks for repeat weight, labs and anthropometric measurements. Results: Mean reduction of BMI was ‐2.9 (F2F), ‐2.3 (Web) and ‐0.05 (SCP)(p<.0001). There was a significant decrease in hemoglobin A1c in the treatment groups (‐0.14) compared to SCP (0.03)(p=0.036) Treatment groups had reduction in waist of 3.09 inches compared to controls of 0.43 inch (p=0.002). Treatment groups had reduction in hips of 2.98 inches compared to controls of 0.77 inches (P<.0001). Conclusions: Nutritional education (either Face‐to‐Face or Web‐based) of an 8‐week low starch/low dairy diet resulted in greater reduction in BMI, hemoglobin A1c, waist circumference and hip circumference in PCOS patients versus standard clinical practice which consisted of caloric restriction, exercise and use of metformin. Effectiveness of an 11‐minute web‐based video instruction showed comparable results to in‐person dietary instruction which shows promise in developing virtual tools to assist women with PCOS to achieve weight loss and improve glucose control. Impact Statement: Metabolic inflexibility and variation of symptoms has made management of PCOS challenging for both patients and their health care providers. A low starch/low dairy diet instuction (either in person or by 11‐minute web‐based video) shows more weight loss, lower hemoglobin A1c, and greater reduction in waist and hip circumference than standard clinical practice. Support: Laura W. Bush Institute for Women’s Health
Randomised controlled trial of novel, simple, and well supervised weight reducing diets in outpatients$$$ OBJECTIVES: To investigate the contribution of novelty and simplicity to compliance with a low energy diet among obese outpatients. DESIGN: Three arm randomised trial for 16 weeks. SETTING: NHS hospital obesity clinic. SUBJECTS: 45 patients aged over 17 years with a body mass index >27 who were not diabetic, pregnant, or lactating. INTERVENTIONS: Conventional 3.4 MJ diet (control), isoenergetic novel diet of milk only, or milk plus one designated food daily. Follow up visit every 4 weeks. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Weight loss. RESULTS: Mean weight loss (kg) after 16 weeks on control, milk only, and milk plus diets was 1.7 (95% confidence interval 0.3 to 3.7), 9.4 (5.9 to 12.9), and 7.0 (2.7 to 11.3) respectively. Weight loss on the novel diets was significantly greater than on the control diet. CONCLUSIONS: Dietary treatment can achieve as much weight loss in obese outpatients over 16 weeks as has been reported for the most successful drug treatment, but compliance with the prescribed diet is poor unless the diet is novel and simple.
Effects of the mu-opioid receptor antagonist GSK1521498 on hedonic and consummatory eating behaviour: a proof of mechanism study in binge-eating obese subjects$$$ The opioid system is implicated in the hedonic and motivational processing of food, and in binge eating, a behaviour strongly linked to obesity. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of 4 weeks of treatment with the mu‐opioid receptor antagonist GSK1521498 on eating behaviour in binge‐eating obese subjects. Adults with body mass index ≥ 30 kg m(‐2) and binge eating scale scores ≥ 19 received 1‐week single‐blind placebo run‐in, and were then randomized to 28 days with either 2 mg day(‐1) GSK1521498, 5 mg day(‐1) GSK1521498 or placebo (N=21 per arm) in a double‐blind parallel group design. The outcome measures were body weight, fat mass, hedonic and consummatory eating behaviour during inpatient food challenges, safety and pharmacokinetics. The primary analysis was the comparison of change scores in the higher‐dose treatment group versus placebo using analysis of covariance at each relevant time point. GSK1521498 (2 mg and 5 mg) was not different from placebo in its effects on weight, fat mass and binge eating scores. However, compared with placebo, GSK1521498 5 mg day(‐1) caused a significant reduction in hedonic responses to sweetened dairy products and reduced calorific intake, particularly of high‐fat foods during ad libitum buffet meals, with some of these effects correlating with systemic exposure of GSK1521498. There were no significant effects of GSK1521498 2 mg day(‐1) on eating behaviour, indicating dose dependency of pharmacodynamics. GSK1521498 was generally well tolerated and no previously unidentified safety signals were detected. The potential for these findings to translate into clinically significant effects in the context of binge eating and weight regain prevention requires further investigation.
Soy protein isolates of varying isoflavone content exert minor effects on serum reproductive hormones in healthy young men$$$ Inverse associations between soy and prostate cancer and the contribution of hormones to prostate cancer prompted the current study to determine whether soy protein could alter serum hormones in men. Thirty‐five men consumed milk protein isolate (MPI), low‐isoflavone soy protein isolate (SPI) (low‐iso SPI$$$ 1.64 +/‐ 0.19 mg isoflavones/d), and high‐iso SPI (61.7 +/‐ 7.35 mg isoflavones/d) for 57 d each in a randomized crossover design. Twenty‐four‐hour urine samples indicated that urinary isoflavones were significantly increased by the high‐iso SPI relative to the low‐iso SPI and MPI. Serum collected on d 1, 29, and 57 of each treatment revealed that dihydrotestosterone (DHT) and DHT/testosterone were significantly decreased by the low‐iso SPI [9.4% (P = 0.036) and 9.0% (P = 0.004), respectively] and the high‐iso SPI [15% (P = 0.047) and 14% (P = 0.013), respectively], compared with the MPI at d 57. Other significant effects included a decrease in testosterone by the low‐iso SPI relative to the MPI (P = 0.023) and high‐iso SPI (P = 0.020) at d 29$$$ an increase in dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate by the low‐iso SPI relative to the MPI at d 29 (P = 0.001) and relative to the MPI (P = 0.0003) and high‐iso SPI (P = 0.005) at d 57$$$ and increases in estradiol and estrone by the low‐iso SPI relative to the MPI at d 57 (P = 0.010 and P = 0.005, respectively). In conclusion, soy protein, regardless of isoflavone content, decreased DHT and DHT/testosterone with minor effects on other hormones, providing evidence for some effects of soy protein on hormones. The relevance of the magnitude of these effects to future prostate cancer risk requires further investigation.
Insulin-like growth factor-1 and binding protein-3 in a 2-year soya intervention among premenopausal women$$$ Soya foods may protect against the development of breast cancer. Insulin‐like growth factor (IGF)‐1 is under investigation as a possible link between nutrition and cancer. We examined the effect of soya foods on circulating IGF‐1 and IGF binding protein (BP)‐3 levels among 196 healthy premenopausal women in a 2‐year randomised nutritional trial. The intervention group consumed two daily servings of soya foods including tofu, soya milk, soya nuts and soya protein powder (equivalent to 50 mg isoflavones and 5‐22 g soya protein per serving)$$$ the controls maintained their regular diet. Five serum samples at baseline, 3, 6, 12, and 24 months were collected in the morning during the luteal phase and analysed for IGF‐1 and IGFBP‐3 by double‐antibody ELISA. We applied mixed models to investigate the intervention effect and predictors of serum levels while considering the repeated measurement design. Adherence with the study regimen was high and dropout rates were acceptable. Randomisation resulted in similar mean IGF‐1 and IGFBP‐3 levels by group. We did not observe a significant intervention effect on IGF‐1, IGFBP‐3, and their molar ratio during the entire study period. However, urinary isoflavone excretion during the study period was positively associated with IGF‐1 (P=0.04) and the IGF‐1:IGFBP‐3 ratio (P=0.06). The effect was consistent over time. Adding soya foods to the diet of premenopausal women does not appear to lower serum levels of IGF‐1 and IGFBP‐3$$$ if anything, the greater protein intake from soya may lead to a small increase in IGF‐1 serum levels.
Whey protein positively alters the clinical health of overweight and obese adults$$$ INTERVENTION: Experimental Dietary Supplement,Experimental Dietary Supplement,Experimental Dietary Supplement,Experimental Dietary Supplement oral administration of 50 g plant‐based protein for 8 weeks,oral administration of 50 g whey protein isolate with cocoa powder for 8 weeks,oral administration of 50 g plant‐based protein with whey protein concentrate for 8 weeks,oral administration of 50 g whey protein isolate with milk powder for 8 weeks plant‐based protein,whey protein isolate with cocoa powder,plant‐based protein with whey protein concentrate,whey protein isolate with milk powder CONDITION: Changes in anthropometric and biochemical parameters of overweight and obese adults after ingestion of whey protein $$$ Whey protein, Overweight, Obesity, Plant‐based protein Whey protein, Overweight, Obesity, Plant‐based protein PRIMARY OUTCOME: Changes in participants health after completion of the intervention at 8‐week of the intervention Anthropometric assessment and biochemical assessment SECONDARY OUTCOME: Changes in participants dietary pattern after completion of the intervention at 8‐week of the intervention dietary assessment INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Thai Men and women aged 30‐50 years 2. Men and women with body mass index higher between 23 and 30 kg/m2 3. Able to read, write and communicate in Thai 4. Voluntarily participate in the study
Perinatal pharmacokinetics of azithromycin for cesarean prophylaxis$$$ OBJECTIVE: Postpartum infections are polymicrobial and typically include Ureaplasma, an intracellular microbe that is treated by macrolides such as azithromycin. The aim of this study was to evaluate the perinatal pharmacokinetics of azithromycin after a single preincision dose before cesarean delivery. STUDY DESIGN: Thirty women who underwent scheduled cesarean delivery were assigned randomly to receive 500 mg of intravenous azithromycin that was initiated 15, 30, or 60 minutes before incision and infused over 1 hour. Serial maternal plasma samples were drawn from the end of infusion up to 8 hours after the infusion. Samples of amniotic fluid, umbilical cord blood, placenta, myometrium, and adipose tissue were collected intraoperatively. Breast milk samples were collected 12‐48 hours after the infusion in 8 women who were breastfeeding. Azithromycin was quantified with high performance liquid chromatography separation coupled with tandem mass spectrometry detection. Plasma pharmacokinetic parameters were estimated with the use of noncompartmental analysis and compartmental modeling and simulations. RESULTS: The maximum maternal plasma concentration was reached within 1 hour and exceeded the in vitro minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC50) of 250 ng/mL of Ureaplasma spp in all 30 patients. The concentrations were sustained with a half‐life of 6.7 hours. The median concentration of azithromycin in adipose tissue was 102 ng/g, which was below the MIC50. The median concentration in myometrium was 402 ng/g, which exceeded the MIC50. Azithromycin was detectable in both the umbilical cord plasma and amniotic fluid after the single preoperative dose. Azithromycin concentrations in breast milk were high and were sustained up to 48 hours after the single dose. Simulations demonstrated accumulation in breast milk after multiple doses. CONCLUSION: A single dose of azithromycin achieves effective plasma and tissue concentrations and is transported rapidly across the placenta. The tissue concentrations that are achieved in the myometrium exceed the MIC50 for Ureaplasma spp.
Comparison of glycemic response and insulin requirements after mixed meals of equal carbohydrate content in healthy, type-1, and type-2 diabetic man$$$ The postprandial insulin requirements after three mixed meals of equal carbohydrate and energy content were assessed in 10 type‐1 and 12 type‐2 diabetics by a glucose‐controlled insulin infusion system. These were compared with the glycemic response to the same meals of 10 healthy individuals (glycemic index). In type‐1 diabetics, we found the highest insulin requirements after consumption of a continental breakfast (low fibre, low protein, high fat). Ten percent less insulin was infused after milk (low fat, high protein) and 30% less after an English breakfast (high fibre, high protein). Type‐2 diabetics showed no significant differences in insulin requirements between the three test meals. The glycemic response in healthy individuals had no relation to these insulin requirements. Continental and English breakfast had a similar glycemic effect, whereas milk produced only 30% of the blood glucose response observed after the continental breakfast. These results indicate that neither the carbohydrate content (exchange lists) nor the glycemic index enable prediction of postprandial insulin requirements in insulin‐deficient diabetes. For this purpose, we propose the insulin‐need index, elaborated by testing whole meals in closed‐loop experiments with type‐1 diabetics.
Impact of Intraoperative Infusion and Postoperative PCIA of Dexmedetomidine on Early Breastfeeding After Elective Cesarean Section: a Randomized Double-Blind Controlled Trial$$$ Objective: Few studies have investigated the effects of dexmedetomidine (DEX) on breastfeeding after cesarean delivery. A randomized double‐blind controlled trial was conducted to investigate whether the administration of DEX, immediately after delivery and for patient‐controlled intravenous analgesia (PCIA), can be beneficial for breastfeeding. Patients and Methods: One hundred sixty parturients scheduled for elective cesarean section under spinal anesthesia were randomly allocated to the DEX group (a loading dose of DEX was pumped at 0.5 μg/kg within 10 min, followed by a further infusion of DEX at 0.5 μg/kg/h until the end of the surgery and PCIA for 2 days with DEX plus sufentanil) or the standard care group (infusion saline intraoperatively, and PCIA for 2 days with sufentanil). The number of days required to switch to exclusive breastfeeding within six weeks of delivery, the time to first lactation and breast milk volume on day 1 and day 2 after delivery were recorded. Recovery quality, comfort, anxiety, depression, postoperative analgesia, and adverse reactions of parturients were also assessed. Results: Compared with the standard care group, parturients in the DEX group could be converted to exclusive breastfeeding earlier (11 [14] vs 8 [10] days, log‐rank P=0.025), the first lactation time was sooner (28.38 [13.82] vs 33.79 [14.85] hrs, P=0.024), and the amount of breast milk on the second day after delivery increased (P=0.012). There was no difference between the two groups in postpartum uterine contraction pain, but postpartum rest and movement VAS scores and recovery quality score in the DEX group were better than those in the standard care group (all P<0.05). Moreover, the hospital anxiety and depression scale and anxiety subscale score on the second day after delivery and the comfort score on the third day after delivery in the DEX group were significantly better than those in the standard care group (5 [5] vs 6 [8], 2 [2] vs 3 [3], 83.58 [6.75] vs 80.48 [6.58]$$$ P=0.013, P=0.005, P=0.006, respectively). The incidence of adverse events, such as bradycardia, vomiting, hypersomnia, hypertension and hypotension, was not significantly different between the DEX and standard care groups (6.9% vs 2.7%, 5.6% vs 13.7%, 4.2% vs 0%, 5.6% vs 2.7%, 11.1% vs 8.2%$$$ P=0.275, P=0.158, P=0.366, P=0.681, P=0.556, respectively), except more parturients experienced nausea in the standard care group than in the DEX group (28.8% vs 11.1%, P=0.012). Furthermore, there was no difference in Neonatal Behavioral Neurological Assessment scores on the first and second days after delivery between the DEX and standard care groups (38 [3] vs 37 [2], 38.5 [2] vs 38 [2]$$$ P=0.173, P=0.312, respectively). Conclusion: The application of DEX in the perioperative period of cesarean section was not only conducive to the early conversion of infant feeding to exclusive breastfeeding but could also improve the recovery quality and comfort of the parturient, optimize analgesia, shorten the time to first lactation, and increase lactation. Clinical Trials Registration: NCT03805945.
Analysis of “true extrauterine growth retardation” and related factors in very preterm infants—A multicenter prospective study in China$$$ Objective: To investigate the incidence and related factors of extrauterine growth retardation (EUGR) and “true EUGR” in very preterm infants (VPI) from different regions of China. Materials and methods: Clinical data of VPI were prospectively collected from 28 hospitals in seven different regions of China from September 2019 to December 2020. The infants were divided into a small for gestational age (SGA) group or non‐SGA group at birth, with non‐SGA infants at 36 weeks of gestation or at discharge being further divided into a EUGR group or a non‐EUGR group. Infants in the EUGR and non‐SGA group were defined as “true EUGR.” The general information of VPI, such as maternal complications during pregnancy, use of enteral nutrition and parenteral nutrition, and complications during hospitalization were compared between the groups. Results: Among the 2,514 VPI included in this study, 47.3, 41.5, and 33.3% of VPI were below the 10th percentile, and 22.6, 22.4, and 16.0% of VPI were below the 3rd percentile for weight, height, and head circumference at 36 weeks of gestation or at discharge, respectively, by the percentile on the 2013 Fenton curve. The incidences of EUGR and “true EUGR” evaluated by weight were 47.3 and 44.5%, respectively. Univariate analysis showed that there were statistically significant differences in the aspects of perinatal and nutritional characteristics, treatment, and complications between the groups. Multivariate analysis showed that in non‐SGA infants, the cumulative caloric intake during the first week was a protective factor for “true EUGR,” while days to reach total enteral nutrition, late initiation of human milk fortifier, and moderate to severe bronchopulmonary dysplasia were independent risk factors for “true EUGR.” Conclusion: More attention should be paid to the nutritional management of VPI to prevent “true EUGR.” Cumulative caloric intake should be ensured and increased during the first week, total enteral nutrition should be achieved as early as possible, human milk fortifier should be added early, and moderate to severe bronchopulmonary dysplasia should be prevented. These strategies are very important for reducing the incidence of “true EUGR” in VPI.
Different methods of cooking starchy-carbohydrate food and its impact on postprandial lipid metabolism$$$ There is growing evidence that both elevated plasma postprandial triacylglycerol (TAG) and glucose concentrations are associated with the development of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease(1,2). Therefore nutritional strategies to improve health through reduction of postprandial TAG and glucose are important. It is well known that cooking and cooling food forms retrograded starch (RS3) and leads to a reduction in postprandial plasma glucose concentrations(3). Furthermore it has been shown that chilling and reheating starchy food in the presence of lipid forms a new type of resistant starch (RS5$$$ an amylose‐lipid complex). However, no studies have investigated postprandial TAG lipaemia with respect to mixed meals containing naturally forming resistant starch(4). The present study aims to investigate the effect cooking and reheating a starchy‐carbohydrate meal containing lipid on postprandial lipid metabolism. The study hypothesised that RS5 formation after chilling and reheating the meal would significantly decrease the postprandial lipid response. A randomised, cross‐over pilot study was performed in five healthy individuals' aged 24 6 y±3 64 and with BMI of 23 9 kg/m2±2 09. Participants were randomly allocated to consume one of four different test meals on each of four study visits. Each meal contained 300 g of mashed potatoes (50 g carbohydrate), and either 15 g or 30 g butter fat. For each fat content, the meals were either served freshly cooked or cooked the previous evening and reheated on the day of the study in a microwave (to give 4 combinations). Blood samples were taken at baseline (fasting) and for the 6‐h after meal consumption to determine the plasma glucose, TAG and NEFA concentrations. The mean iAUC for the postprandial TAG response was significantly lower (Meal C$$$ 88 479 mmol/l.360 min, ± 12 7) (Meal D$$$ 51 642 mmol/l.360 min, ± 13 2). P=0 043 in the individuals who consumed the chilled and reheated mashed potato with 30 g of fat compared to those eating the same meal freshly cooked. There was no statistically significant difference in the lower‐fat (15 g) meals. However, the data showed a trend towards a decrease in the TAG response. The mean AUC for NEFA response in the plasma was also lower in the chilled and reheated meals with both fat doses. However, this was not statistically significant. There was no statistically significant difference in the glucose response between different meals. For the first time, we have shown that reheating a starchy carbohydrate meal in the presence of fat significantly lowers the postprandial TAG response. This simple cooking procedure could have implications for cooking at home as well as reheating ready meals. Developing this pilot study further, including in vivo stable isotope studies and in vitro digestibility experiments will help to determine the mechanisms behind our findings.
Diet quality and exercise in older veterans with PTSD: a pilot study$$$ Older veterans with posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) are at increased risk of obesity and cardiometabolic disease. Physical activity and healthy eating are two behaviors that impact health, functional independence, and disease risk in later life, yet few studies have examined the relationship between PTSD and diet quality. This secondary analysis aimed to: (a) characterize the diet quality of older veterans with PTSD in comparison to U.S. dietary guidelines and (b) explore if participation in a supervised exercise intervention spurred simultaneous changes in dietary behavior. Diet quality was assessed with the Dietary Screener Questionnaire (DSQ), which measures daily intake of fiber, calcium, added sugar, whole grain, dairy, and fruits/vegetables/legumes. The sample included 54 military veterans ? 60 years old with PTSD who participated in a randomized controlled pilot trial comparing 12 weeks of supervised exercise (n = 36) to wait‐list usual care (n = 18). The DSQ was administered at baseline and 12 weeks. Consumption of added sugar exceeded U.S. dietary guideline recommendations and consumption of whole grains, fruits/vegetables/legumes, fiber, calcium, and dairy fell short. Participation in the supervised exercise intervention was not associated with changes in diet quality. Results revealed that the diet quality of older veterans with PTSD is poor, and while the exercise intervention improved health through exercise, it did not make veterans any more likely to adopt a more healthful diet. Interventions targeting diet, or diet + exercise, are needed to manage the increased risk of obesity and cardiometabolic disease present in older veterans with PTSD.
The impact of usual dietary patterns, selection of significant foods and cuisine choices on changing dietary fat under 'free living' conditions$$$ Dietary guidelines for the general population and for the management of obesity, diabetes and heart disease suggest a reduction in dietary fat, and in particular dietary saturated fatty acids (SFA). In order to achieve the recommended levels, changes in food choice patterns are required. Foods are consumed in combination with other foods, and these combinations are often recognizable as cuisine patterns. In this study we examined the food choice patterns of a group of 63 adults with existing type 2 diabetes mellitus who completed a 12 month dietary intervention trial aimed at changing dietary fat under 'free living' conditions. In both lower fat (LF, 27%) and modified fat (MF, 37%E) groups, a reduction in dietary SFA and an increase in polyunsaturated fat were required, with an additional requirement to increase dietary monounsaturated fat in the MF group. The usual diets of the study sample were on average low in total fat (27%E), but high in saturated fat (12%E). Those already consuming total fat at the level concordant with their allocation (LF or MF) achieved targets faster than those with a discordant allocation, but there was no significant effect of usual diet on time of target achievement at 12 months. At 6 months, those achieving dietary fat targets had changed to low fat dairy products and leaner meats, were having more spreads, oils, and nuts and were consuming takeaway meals less than twice a week. Contributions to dietary fat shifted from takeaway foods, meat, dairy products and cakes to spreads, oils and nuts. The modified fat and low fat groups chose more Mediterranean and South East Asian cuisines respectively. In this study sample, usual dietary patterns had an initial impact on change in the diet, but identifiable changes in food choice patterns and the adoption of certain cuisines that combined foods indicative of the dietary guidelines resulted in successful achievement of dietary fat targets.
PREVENTIVE EFFECTS OF TRANSCUTANEOUS ELECTRICAL ACUSTIMULATION ON ISCHEMIC STROKE-INDUCED CONSTIPATION MEDIATED VIA THE AUTONOMIC FUNCTION$$$ Background: Constipation is a common gastrointestinal complication following ischemic stroke. The management of stroke‐induced constipation has rarely been studied. Aim: To explore the effect and possible mechanisms of transcutaneous electrical acustimulation (TEA) on stroke‐induced constipation. Method: A total of 86 ischemic stroke patients were randomly allocated to 2‐week period of TEA and sham‐TEA group. Bowel dairy and Bristol Stool Form Scale (BSFS) were recorded daily. Patient Assessment of Constipation Symptom (PAC‐SYM), Patient Assessment of Constipation Quality of Life (PAC‐QOL), Dyspepsia Symptom Severity Index (DSSI) was evaluated at the end of a 14‐day treatment. Electrocardiogram was recorded for the assessment of autonomic function (spectral analysis of heart rate variability). The correlation between autonomic function and stroke severity was assessed. The univariate and multivariate regression analysis was performed to investigate the risk factors for stroke‐induced constipation. Result: The cumulative incidence of stroke‐induced constipation was 68.18% at acute stage. Autonomic function was positively correlated with stroke severity (R=0.473, P<0.001). Both of them were independent risk factors for stroke‐induced constipation. TEA decreased cumulative incidence of stroke‐induced constipation (p=0.029). TEA significantly increased bowel movements (p=0.025) and spontaneous bowel movements per week (p=0.004). TEA reduced straining defecations (p<0.001) and laxative use(p=0.008). TEA improved stool consistency (p<0.001) and patients’ quality of life (p=0.026). TEA, rather than sham‐TEA, increased the vagal activity (p<0.001 vs baseline) and decreased the sympathetic activity (p<0.001, vs baseline). Conclusion: Ischemic stroke patients are predisposed to autonomic function imbalance. TEA was effective in the prevention of stroke‐induced constipation, and the effect was mediated by balancing the sympathovagal activities. Bowel Dairy Parameters between Week 1 and Week 2 in TEA and sham‐TEA Groups [Table Presented] [Figure Presented]
Acute and second-meal effects of peanuts on glycaemic response and appetite in obese women with high type 2 diabetes risk: a randomised cross-over clinical trial$$$ Nut consumption is associated with a reduced risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). The aim of the present study was to assess the effects of adding peanuts (whole or peanut butter) on first (0‐240 min)‐ and second (240‐490 min)‐meal glucose metabolism and selected gut satiety hormone responses, appetite ratings and food intake in obese women with high T2DM risk. A group of fifteen women participated in a randomised cross‐over clinical trial in which 42·5 g of whole peanuts without skins (WP), peanut butter (PB) or no peanuts (control) were added to a 75 g available carbohydrate‐matched breakfast meal. Postprandial concentrations (0‐490 min) of glucose, insulin, NEFA, glucagon‐like peptide‐1 (GLP‐1), peptide YY (PYY), cholecystokinin (CCK), appetitive sensations and food intake were assessed after breakfast treatments and a standard lunch. Postprandial NEFA incremental AUC (IAUC) (0‐240 min) and glucose IAUC (240‐490 min) responses were lower for the PB breakfast compared with the control breakfast. Insulin concentrations were higher at 120 and 370 min after the PB consumption than after the control consumption. Desire‐to‐eat ratings were lower, while PYY, GLP‐1 and CCK concentrations were higher after the PB intake compared with the control intake. WP led to similar but non‐significant effects. The addition of PB to breakfast moderated postprandial glucose and NEFA concentrations, enhanced gut satiety hormone secretion and reduced the desire to eat. The greater bioaccessibility of the lipid component in PB is probably responsible for the observed incremental post‐ingestive responses between the nut forms. Inclusion of PB, and probably WP, to breakfast may help to moderate glucose concentrations and appetite in obese women.
Weight Gain Prevention among Midlife Women: a Randomized Controlled Trial to Address Needs Related to the Physical and Social Environment$$$ Women tend to gain weight at midlife (40‐60 years) increasing risk of obesity‐related chronic diseases. Within specific eating occasions, needs related to the physical and social environment may result in less healthy eating behavior, which can lead to weight gain over time. The purpose of this study was to determine if a dietitian‐delivered nutrition counseling intervention tailored to eating occasion needs could improve diet and prevent weight gain among midlife women over two years. A randomized controlled trial was conducted with healthy midlife women (n = 354) in one U.S. metropolitan area. The intervention group (n = 185) received ten hours of individual nutrition counseling from dietitians over six months, while women in a control group (n = 169) received no counseling. Measured height, weight and waist circumference, and dietary intakes were collected at baseline and every six months over two years. Mixed linear models were used to test for intervention effect on change in outcome variables over time. Dietary intakes of fruit, reduced/low‐fat dairy foods and refined grains were significantly improved over time in the intervention compared to control group. However, the intervention had no effect on weight over time (p = 0.48). Nutrition counseling tailored to address eating occasion needs improved self‐reported diet but did not significantly affect weight change.
Nutrition and diabetes risk$$$ Prospective observational and interventional studies have been instrumental in identifying relationships between diet and diabetes. On the one hand, a hypercaloric diet contributes to weight gain, which is a major risk factor for type 2 diabetes. Results of randomized weight loss intervention trials, such as the Diabetes Prevention Program, show that lifestyle modification can significantly reduce the risk for people with prediabetes. In addition to the quantity of food, quality, i.e. composition, plays an independent and additional role. In cohort studies, relationships have been observed for both single nutrients (magnesium, cereal fiber, hemoglobin‐bound iron) and individual foods (including whole grains, dairy, red and processed meat, nuts, coffee, tea and sweetened beverages). In addition, both cohort studies and the PREDIMED (PREDIMED: “Prevención con Dieta Mediterránea”) intervention study support a risk reduction by choosing a Mediterranean diet. Although there are indications of modifications of such relationships due to different genetic predispositions, so far such gene–diet interactions could not be replicated in most cases. As a result, there is still insufficient evidence to specify dietary recommendations based on a different genetic predisposition.
Texture and energy density in learned satiation$$$ INTERVENTION: During the 5‐day study period, the dairy product will be offered ad libitum at baseline (day 1), in a fixed load on day 2 to 4, and ad libitum on day 5. Participants will perform a measurement on expected satiation on day 1, on day 2 and after repeated exposure on day 5. CONDITION: overgewicht en obesitas $$$ corpulency $$$ overweight PRIMARY OUTCOME: Ad libitum intake (kcal/day) of meal items provided in addition to the test $$$ foods. $$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: As secondary outcomes, expected satiation and pleasantness of the test foods $$$ will be assessed before and after repeated consumption. In addition, the test $$$ food will be offered ad libitum for breakfast and intake will be measured. $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: • Young‐adults: 18‐35 years • Normal weight: BMI 18.5 ‐ 25.0 kg/m2 • Eats breakfast regularly (>=5 times a week) • Apparently healthy (judged by the participant)
Olive oil and walnut breakfasts reduce the postprandial inflammatory response in mononuclear cells compared with a butter breakfast in healthy men$$$ BACKGROUND: Inflammation is crucial in all stages of atherosclerosis, and few studies have investigated the effect of dietary fat on markers of inflammation related to this disease during the postprandial period. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the chronic effects of dietary fat on the postprandial expression of proinflammatory genes in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) in healthy subjects. DESIGN: 20 healthy men followed three different diets for 4 weeks each, according to a randomized crossover design: Western diet: 15% protein, 47% carbohydrates (CHO), 38% fat (22% saturated fatty acid (SFA))$$$ Mediterranean diet: 15% protein, 47% CHO, 38% fat (24% monounsaturated fatty acid (MUFA))$$$ CHO‐rich and n‐3 diet: 15% protein, 55% CHO, <30% fat (8% polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA)). After 12‐h fast, volunteers were given a breakfast with a fat composition similar to that consumed in each of the diets‐butter breakfast: 35% SFA$$$ olive oil breakfast: 36% MUFA$$$ walnut breakfast: 16% PUFA, 4% alpha‐linolenic acid (LNA). RESULTS: The butter breakfast induced a higher increase in tumor necrosis factor (TNF)‐alpha messenger RNA (mRNA) expression than the olive oil or walnut breakfasts (P=0.014) in PBMCs. Moreover, we found a higher postprandial response in the mRNA of interleukin (IL)‐6 with the intake of butter and olive oil breakfasts than with the walnut breakfast (P=0.025) in these cells. However, the effects of the three fatty breakfasts on the plasma concentrations of these proinflammatory parameters showed no significant differences (P=N.S.). CONCLUSION: Consumption of a butter‐enriched meal elicits greater postprandial expression of proinflammatory cytokine mRNA in PBMCs, compared to the olive oil and walnut breakfasts.
Behavioral change during weight loss program and one-year follow-up: saku Control Obesity Program (SCOP) in Japan$$$ This study evaluated effects of a behavioral approach which placed emphasis on tailored behavior counseling, diet, weight loss and weight maintenance. A one‐year randomized controlled trial was conducted among 235 overweight/obese adults in Japan. The intervention group (n=119) received individual‐based counseling using a behavioral approach and the changes made in the diet and physical activity were dependent on each participant as much as possible. One year later, the intervention group lost significantly more weight than the control group (‐5.0 kg vs. 0.1 kg for men and ‐3.9 kg vs. ‐0.2 kg for women). Compared to the control group, the male intervention group reduced overall energy, cereals and dairy products consumption significantly, while increasing green and yellow vegetable intake, and the female intervention group significantly reduced intake of dairy products. Regarding behaviors, both male and female intervention groups increased the number of walking steps and women improved their irregular eating habits compared to those in the control groups. Behavior changes were related to weight loss$$$ participants who maintained the action/maintenance stage or moved to later stages lost significantly more weight than participants who remained in the pre‐contemplation/contemplation/preparation stages or regressed to earlier stages. After one‐year follow‐up, the intervention group maintained significantly lower weights, lower energy intakes and improvements in irregular eating habits. Our behavioral approach led to diet and behavior modification, weight loss and maintenance. Because modified variables differed between men and women, gender‐specific approaches may be necessary.
Insulin-like growth factor I, binding proteins -1 and -3, risk of type 2 diabetes and macronutrient intakes in men$$$ The insulin‐like growth factor (IGF) axis may be involved in the development of type 2 diabetes. We examined the associations of IGF‐I and IGF binding proteins (IGFBP)‐1 and ‐3 with diabetes risk and evaluated macronutrient intakes related to the observed associations. In a nested case‐control study of the Alpha‐Tocopherol, Beta‐Carotene Cancer Prevention Study of Finnish male smokers aged 50‐69 years, the IGF variables were measured from baseline serum samples for a random sample of 310 men with diabetes diagnosed during a 12‐year follow‐up and for 310 controls matched by age, recruitment day and intervention group. Diet at baseline was assessed using a validated FFQ. The associations of IGF proteins with diabetes risk were estimated using conditional logistic regression and the associations with macronutrient intakes using linear regression. IGF‐I and IGFBP‐3 were not associated with the incidence of diabetes. Higher IGFBP‐1 was associated with lower diabetes risk in an unadjusted crude model (OR 0·25$$$ 95 % CI 0·15, 0·42 in the highest quartile compared with the lowest), but not after adjustment for BMI (corresponding OR 0·76$$$ 95 % CI 0·41, 1·40). Intakes of carbohydrates, plant protein and milk protein associated positively and intake of meat protein and fat negatively with IGFBP‐1 (P<0·005). IGFBP‐1 was inversely associated with diabetes risk, but the association was substantially dependent on BMI. The associations between macronutrient intakes and IGFBP‐1 may reflect influences of nutrients or foods on insulin concentrations.
Protein supplementation lowers blood pressure in overweight adults: effect of dietary proteins on blood pressure (PROPRES), a randomized trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Dietary protein intake may help to manage blood pressure (BP) and prevent complications associated with elevated BP. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to determine whether 4 wk of increased protein intake (∼25% compared with ∼15% of energy intake that isoenergetically replaces carbohydrate intake) lowers office and daytime BP compared with increased carbohydrate intake. DESIGN: A randomized, double‐blind, parallel study compared consumption of 3 × 20 g protein/d (20% pea, 20% soy, 30% egg, and 30% milk‐protein isolate) with 3 × 20 g maltodextrin/d. Protein or maltodextrin were isoenergetically substituted for a sugar‐sweetened drink. Primary outcomes were office and daytime BP. A total of 99 men and women [age range: 20‐70 y$$$ BMI (in kg/m²): 25‐35] with untreated elevated BP (BP ≥130/85 and <160/100 mm Hg) were randomly assigned. Ninety‐four completers (51 subjects in the maltodextrin group, 43 subjects in the protein group) were included in the analyses. RESULTS: Office systolic blood pressure (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) were 4.9 ± 1.7 mm Hg (P = 0.005) and 2.7 ± 1.3 mm Hg (P = 0.05) lower, respectively, in the protein group. Daytime SBP was 4.6 ± 1.7 mm Hg lower in the protein group (P = 0.006), whereas daytime DBP did not differ between groups (P = 0.37). Urinary sodium excretion was higher in the maltodextrin group (P = 0.004). CONCLUSION: Increased protein intake, at the expense of maltodextrin, lowers BP in overweight adults with upper‐range prehypertension and grade 1 hypertension. This trial was registered at www.trialregister.nl as NTR 1362.
Carbohydrate substitution for fat or protein and risk of type 2 diabetes in male smokers$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: We examined the associations between carbohydrate substitutions (total$$$ low‐, medium‐, high‐glycemic index (GI) carbohydrates) for fat or protein and risk of type 2 diabetes. SUBJECTS/METHODS: The cohort comprised 25,943 male smokers among whom 1098 diabetes cases were identified from a national register during a 12‐year follow‐up. Diet was assessed by a validated food frequency questionnaire. The relative risks (RR) and confidence intervals (CI) for diabetes were analyzed using Cox proportional hazard modeling, and multivariate nutrient density models were applied to examine the associations between substitutions of macronutrients and diabetes risk. RESULTS: The risk of diabetes was lower when fat or protein was replaced with an isoenergetic amount (2% of energy intake) of carbohydrates, the multivariate RRs were 0.96 (95% CI: 0.94, 0.99) and 0.85 (95% CI: 0.80, 0.90), respectively. The lower risks were due to replacing saturated plus trans fatty acids, and meat, milk or plant protein with carbohydrates, respectively. Low‐, medium‐ or high‐GI carbohydrates did not associate with lower diabetes risk when replacing fat or fatty acids, except when total fat was replaced with medium‐GI carbohydrates. Low‐, medium‐ and high‐GI carbohydrates had similar inverse associations with diabetes risk when they replaced total, meat or milk protein. CONCLUSION: Higher carbohydrate intake at the expense of fat, attributable to trans and saturated fatty acids, or protein was associated with decreased diabetes risk. Replacing fat or protein with lower‐GI carbohydrates was not more beneficial than replacing it with higher‐GI carbohydrates.
Long-term changes in dietary and food intake behaviour in the Diabetes Prevention Program Outcomes Study$$$ AIMS: To compare change in dietary intake, with an emphasis on food groups and food intake behaviour, over time across treatment arms in a diabetes prevention trial and to assess the differences in dietary intake among demographic groups within treatment arms. METHODS: Data are from the Diabetes Prevention Program and Diabetes Prevention Program Outcomes Study. Participants were randomized to a lifestyle intervention (n = 1079), metformin (n = 1073) or placebo (n = 1082) for an average of 3 years, after which the initial results regarding the benefits of the lifestyle intervention were released and all participants were offered a modified lifestyle intervention. Dietary intake was assessed using a food frequency questionnaire at baseline and at 1, 5, 6 and 9 years after randomization. RESULTS: Compared with the metformin and placebo arms, participants in the lifestyle arm maintained a lower total fat and saturated fat and a higher fibre intake up to 9 years after randomization and lower intakes of red meat and sweets were maintained for up to 5 years. Younger participants had higher intakes of poultry and lower intakes of fruits compared with their older counterparts, particularly in the lifestyle arm. Black participants tended to have lower dairy and higher poultry intakes compared with white and Hispanic participants. In the lifestyle arm, men tended to have higher grain, fruit and fish intakes than women. CONCLUSIONS: Changes in nutrient intake among participants in the lifestyle intervention were maintained for up to 9 years. Younger participants reported more unhealthy diets over time and thus may benefit from additional support to achieve and maintain dietary goals.
Nutritional Supplementation in children with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Oral Calcium (500 mg), oral vitamin D3 (1000 IU) /day: Oral Calcium (500 mg), oral vitamin D3 (1000 IU)/day will be supplemented to 70 T1DM for 6 months Intervention2: Oral Calcium (500 mg), oral vitamin D3 (1000 IU), zinc as per RDA/day: Oral Calcium (500 mg), oral vitamin D3 (1000 IU), zinc as per RDA/day will be supplemented to 70 children with T1DM for 6 months Intervention3: Oral Milk 200 ml, vitamin D3 (1000 IU)/day: Oral Milk 200 ml, vitamin D3 (1000 IU)/day will be supplemented to 70 T1DM children for 6 months Control Intervention1: No Intervention: 70 apparently healthy children will be enrolled at baseline and at endline and the same data collection will be carried out CONDITION: Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Bone Mineral Content‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Baseline and Endline (at the end of 6 months of supplementation) SECONDARY OUTCOME: Growth and Bone Geometry‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Baseline (June 2016) and Endline (April 2016) INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Children and Young Adults with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus, not taking any calcium and or vitamin D supplementation or any other drug altering calcium‐vitamin D metabolism 2. Apparently healthy children withtout Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus
Change in food choices following a glycemic load intervention in adults with type 2 diabetes$$$ The glycemic index (GI) reflects the postprandial glucose response of carbohydrate‐containing foods, and adoption of a lower‐GI diet may be beneficial in diabetes management. The purpose of this study was to evaluate change in food‐group intake by participants after completing an intervention that included instruction about carbohydrate and the GI using a quasi‐experimental design. Recruitment occurred from February to August 2005 and September to December 2006. Individuals 40 to 70 years old with type 2 diabetes for 1 year or longer were randomly assigned to an immediate (n=55) or delayed (n=48) treatment group. A 9‐week group‐based intervention regarding the quantity and type of carbohydrate for diabetes management was provided. Three sets of 24‐hour dietary recalls were used to assess food‐group intake. Foods were divided into nine main food groups and 166 subgroups based on the Dietary Guidelines for Americans 2005 and the United States Department of Agriculture's Food Guide Pyramid. Analysis of variance was used to examine between‐group differences and paired t test compared maintenance of change for the immediate group. Change in dietary GI was significantly different between groups upon completion of the intervention by the immediate group (P<0.05). Participants consumed significantly more servings of whole fruit and nonfat dairy products following the intervention and fewer servings of vegetable fats (all P<0.05). Only whole‐fruit consumption significantly declined in the immediate group during the maintenance period (P<0.05). Nutrition education can facilitate adoption of a lower‐GI diet among free‐living people with diabetes. Maintaining dietary change likely requires further intervention and support.
Food availability, neighborhood socioeconomic status, and dietary patterns among blacks with type 2 diabetes mellitus$$$ CONTEXT: High diabetes prevalence among low‐income and urban African American populations. OBJECTIVES & MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: This study aimed to determine associations between neighborhood‐level food sources and socioeconomic status (SES), and dietary patterns and body‐mass index (BMI). The hypotheses were that the presence of food stores in neighborhoods would be associated with better dietary habits and BMI, and that the presence of convenience stores, and lower neighborhood SES, would be associated with poorer dietary habits and BMI. DESIGN, SETTING, & PATIENTS: Black adults (n = 132) with type 2 diabetes in Project Sugar 2 (Baltimore, Maryland) underwent the Ammerman dietary assessment: total dietary risk score and subscores for meat, dairy, starches, and added fat. Food source availability (food stores, convenience stores, other food stores, restaurants, and other food service places) and SES data from the 2000 US census at the tract‐level were linked to individual‐level data. Linear mixed‐effects regression models with random intercepts were used to account for neighborhood clustering and for individual‐level SES and potential confounders. RESULTS: The presence of restaurants and other food service places in census tracts were associated with better dietary patterns (adjusted added fat subscore beta = ‐1.1, 95% confidence interval [CI] = ‐1.8, ‐0.4, and beta = ‐1.0, 95% CI = ‐1.7, ‐0.3, respectively). The presence of convenience stores and lower neighborhood SES was not significantly associated with worse dietary patterns or body‐mass index, although trends were in the hypothesized direction. CONCLUSIONS: These findings provide some evidence for structural improvements to food environments in urban and low‐income black neighborhoods.
The Child and Adult Care Food Program and the nutrition of preschoolers$$$ Children spend a considerable amount of time in preschools and child care centers. As a result, these settings may have an influence on their diet, weight, and food security, and are potentially important contexts for interventions to address nutritional health. The Child and Adult Care Food Program (CACFP) is one such intervention. No national study has compared nutrition‐related outcomes of children in CACFP‐participating centers to those of similar children in non‐participating centers. We use a sample of four‐year old children drawn from the Early Childhood Longitudinal Study, Birth Cohort to obtain estimates of associations between CACFP program participation and consumption of milk, fruits, vegetables, fast food, and sweets, and indicators of overweight, underweight status and food insecurity. We find that, among low‐income children, CACFP participation moderately increases consumption of milk and vegetables, and may also reduce the prevalence of overweight and underweight. Effects on other outcomes are generally small and not statistically significant.
Soy isoflavone phase II metabolism differs between rodents and humans: implications for the effect on breast cancer risk$$$ BACKGROUND: Human and animal studies have produced conflicting results with regard to the effect of soy isoflavones on breast cancer risk. This may be due to differences in isoflavone metabolism. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to determine whether soy isoflavone phase II metabolism differs between humans and rodents. DESIGN: Circulating total and unconjugated isoflavone concentrations were determined by mass spectrometry in plasma samples from 7 separate studies: 1) in Sprague‐Dawley rats and in 3 strains of mice fed commercial soy‐containing diets$$$ 2) in Sprague‐Dawley rats gavaged with genistein$$$ 3) in healthy adults who consumed single servings of soy nuts, soy milk, and tempeh$$$ 4) in healthy adults subchronically given soy milk$$$ 5) in healthy women orally administered 50 mg genistein$$$ 6) in healthy women orally administered 20 mg pure S‐(‐)equol$$$ and 7) in 6‐mo‐old infants fed soy infant formula and later, at age 3 y, a soy germ isoflavone supplement. RESULTS: The proportion of unconjugated genistein in plasma from adults and infants who consumed different soy foods, pure genistein, or an isoflavone supplement was <1% in steady state and <2% at peak concentrations. By contrast, rodents fed soy‐containing diets conjugate isoflavones less efficiently. The plasma percentages of unconjugated genistein concentrations in Sprague‐Dawley rats and C57BL/6, nude, and transgenic AngptL4B6 mice were 4.0 ± 0.6%, 4.6 ± 0.6%, 11.6 ± 0%, and 30.1 ± 4.3%, respectively, which represent 20, 23, 58, and 150 times that in humans. CONCLUSION: The markedly higher circulating concentrations of biologically active (unconjugated) genistein in certain strains of mice cast doubt on the value of the use of these rodents for gaining insight into the effects of isoflavones in humans, especially with regard to the effects on breast tissue.
Short-term effects of sugar-free apricot jam, cocoa powder and dried cranberry cereal bar on glycaemic responses in healthy adults: a randomised clinical trial$$$ High sugar intake has been associated with adverse effects on health, with some types of breakfast being highly linked to overweight and obesity. The aim was to compare the effects of four sugar‐free breakfast items, apricot jam with white bread (JWB), white bread (WB), cocoa with fat‐free milk (CM), and dried cranberry cereal bar (CB), compared to d‐glucose on the glycaemic responses. Using a cross‐over design, twelve healthy individuals (25 ± 4 years$$$ BMI 22 ± 2 kg/m2) received isoglucidic test meals (25 g of available carbohydrate) and 25 g glucose reference, in random order. Glycaemic index/load (GI/GL) were calculated, and capillary blood glucose samples were collected at 0–120 min after meal consumption. Subjective appetite was assessed with visual analogue scales. Sugar‐free apricot jam and cocoa powder contained traces of available carbohydrates and were consumed along with bread and fat‐free milk, respectively. JWB and WB were classified as medium GI, low‐to‐medium GL$$$ CM as medium GI, low GL$$$ and CB as high GI, low‐to‐medium GL. Subjective hunger was lower after JWB, fullness was higher after CM and pleasure was higher after CB (P for all < 0⋅05). In conclusion, sugar‐free apricot jam with and without WB and cocoa powder with fat‐free milk are suitable healthy breakfast options leading to improved glycaemic and subjective appetite responses.
A dietary intervention for recurrent prostate cancer after definitive primary treatment: results of a randomized pilot trial$$$ OBJECTIVES: Considerable evidence has shown that diet can affect both the incidence and the progression of prostate cancer. The objective of this study was to determine whether men in this situation could make a change to a diet emphasizing plant‐based foods and fish and to examine the effect on quality of life (QOL) and prostate‐specific antigen (PSA) velocity. METHODS: A total of 36 men and their partners were randomly assigned to attend a series of 11 dietary and cooking classes that also integrated mindfulness practice as a support in making the change or a wait‐list control group. Assessments were made of dietary intake, QOL, and PSA at baseline, after intervention (11 weeks), and 3 months after intervention. RESULTS: The intervention group showed significant reductions in the consumption of saturated fat and increased consumption of vegetable proteins with accompanying reductions in animal proteins, including dairy products. They also showed increased QOL. Although no significant change was found in the rate of PSA increase between the two groups, the mean PSA doubling time for the intervention group was substantially longer at the 3‐month follow‐up visit than that of the controls. CONCLUSIONS: Men with a increasing PSA level after primary treatment were able to make a change to a prostate‐healthy diet, accompanied by increases in QOL. No significant difference was found in the log PSA slope between the two groups$$$ however, the PSA doubling time increased substantially in the intervention group compared with that in the controls. Future trials should examine the effect of the prostate‐healthy diet with a larger sample of men for a longer period.
Men with prostate cancer make positive dietary changes following diagnosis and treatment$$$ PURPOSE: Few studies have measured dietary changes made among men diagnosed with prostate cancer (PC) without formal dietary interventions, yet they may offer insight into the needs of PC survivors. This study examined dietary changes in men before and after treatment for PC within the prostate testing for cancer and treatment randomized trial. METHODS: This was a prospective cohort study in community‐based men aged 50‐69 tested for PC in nine UK areas. 3,935 men completed food frequency questionnaires before diagnosis and 678 with localized PC repeated the questionnaire 1 year later (response 82.7 %). RESULTS: Men subsequently diagnosed with or without PC all consumed similar diets before diagnosis. Diagnosis of PC led to dietary changes, with 234 (34.7 %) men eating more fresh tomatoes (p < 0.0001) and 156 (23.5 %) more tomato products (p = 0.01). 271 (40.0 %) men consumed more protein (p < 0.0001) and 193 (28.6 %) more fruit/vegetable juice (p < 0.0001). Fewer macronutrients were obtained from dairy products (p < 0.01). Men undergoing active monitoring increased their fruit/vegetable juice intake after diagnosis (p = 0.0023) more than men who had surgery or radiotherapy. CONCLUSIONS: Around one‐third of men spontaneously adopted a healthier diet and also consumed more 'prostate‐healthy' foods following a diagnosis of PC. Dietary choices also differed by radical or monitoring treatments, indicating that men undergoing active surveillance may be more likely to pursue dietary changes as an adjunct therapy. PC survivors can adopt healthier diets, thus providing clinicians with opportunities to support PC survivorship by providing targeted advice beneficial to general and potentially prostate‐specific health.
Role of baseline nutritional status on the effect of a multivitamin on cancer in the physicians' health study II$$$ The Physicians' Health Study (PHS) II is the only long‐term randomized trial of 14,641 men aged 50 y testing a daily multivitamin, reporting a significant 8% reduction in total cancer. An important consideration is the understudied, modifying role of baseline nutritional status. We examined whether baseline nutritional status modified the effect of randomized multivitamin use on total cancer during a median follow‐up of 11.2 y in PHS II.13,316 men completed a food frequency questionnaire, from which we categorized selected nutrient, fruit, vegetable, whole grain, and dairy intake into tertiles and estimated hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% CIs of total cancer comparing active vs placebo multivitamin in intention‐to‐treat analyses. We also tested the interaction between the randomized multivitamin and tertiles of each dietary factor, and the trend in HRs across tertiles of each factor. Significant interactions were found for vitamin B12, total carotenoid, ω‐3 fatty acid, fruit, and vegetable intake with multivitamin treatment on cancer. Potentially stronger cancer reductions were found in men taking a multivitamin and consuming lower amounts of vitamin B12, total carotenoids, and vegetables, in contrast to greater fruit intake. We also considered quartiles and quintiles of each dietary factor, and other cancer endpoints including prostate, non‐prostate, and colorectal cancer for which results were inconsistent and power more limited. In conclusion, selected dietary characteristics may influence whether a multivitamin reduced cancer. Additional studies will identify more specific dietary factors and patterns more or less likely to reduce cancer with long‐term multivitamin use in men.
A clinical trial of the effects of dietary patterns on blood pressure$$$ Background: It is known that obesity, sodium intake, and alcohol consumption influence blood pressure. In this clinical trial, Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension, we assessed the effects of dietary patterns on blood pressure. Methods: We enrolled 459 adults with systolic blood pressures of less than 160 mm Hg and diastolic blood pressures of 80 to 95 mm Hg. For three weeks, the subjects were fed a control diet that was low in fruits, vegetables, and dairy products, with a fat content typical of the average diet in the United States. They were then randomly assigned to receive for eight weeks the control diet, a diet rich in fruits and vegetables, or a 'combination' diet rich in fruits, vegetables, and low‐fat dairy products and with reduced saturated and total fat. Sodium intake and body weight were maintained at constant levels. Results: At base line, the mean (±SD) systolic and diastolic blood pressures were 131.3±10.8 mm Hg and 84.7±4.7 mm Hg, respectively. The combination diet reduced systolic and diastolic blood pressure by 5.5 and 3.0 mm Hg more, respectively, than the control diet (P<0.001 for each)$$$ the fruits‐and‐vegetables diet reduced systolic blood pressure by 2.8 mm Hg more (P<0.001) and diastolic blood pressure by 1.1 mm Hg more (P=0.07) than the control diet. Among the 133 subjects with hypertension (systolic pressure, ≤140 mm Hg$$$ diastolic pressure, ≤90 mm Hg$$$ or both), the combination diet reduced systolic and diastolic blood pressure by 11.4 and 5.5 mm Hg more, respectively, than the control diet (P<0.001 for each)$$$ among the 326 subjects without hypertension, the corresponding reductions were 3.5 mm Hg (P<0.001) and 2.1 mm Hg (P=0.003). Conclusions: A diet rich in fruits, vegetables, and low‐fat dairy foods and with reduced saturated and total fat can substantially lower blood pressure. This diet offers an additional nutritional approach to preventing and treating hypertension.
Effect of Lorcaserin Alone and in Combination with Phentermine on Food Cravings After 12-Week Treatment: a Randomized Substudy$$$ OBJECTIVE: This study evaluated the effect of lorcaserin 10 mg twice daily (LOR BID), or with phentermine 15 mg once daily (LOR BID + PHEN QD) and 15 mg twice daily (LOR BID + PHEN BID), in conjunction with energy restriction on food cravings. METHODS: Two hundred and thirty‐five patients without diabetes but with obesity or overweight and ≥ 1 comorbidity received LOR BID, LOR BID + PHEN QD, or LOR BID + PHEN BID for 12 weeks in a randomized double‐blind study. The Food Craving Inventory (FCI) and the Control of Eating Questionnaire (COEQ) were administered over 12 weeks. RESULTS: The FCI total score and the subscale scores reduced from baseline in all groups. The least squares means (95% confidence intervals) for the total scores were ‐0.65 (‐0.75 to ‐0.55), ‐0.75 (‐0.84 to ‐0.65), and ‐0.84 (‐0.95 to ‐0.74) in the LOR BID, LOR BID + PHEN QD, and LOR BID + PHEN BID groups, respectively. Cravings assessed by COEQ reduced from baseline in all groups. In general, the combination treatments were more effective than lorcaserin alone. At week 12, except for fruit juice and dairy products, general and specific cravings reduced in LOR BID + PHEN BID compared with LOR BID (P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Lorcaserin in combination with phentermine improves control of food cravings during short‐term energy restriction.
Diet Quality and Associations with Food Security among Women Eligible for Indiana Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program-Education$$$ BACKGROUND: The diet quality among adults receiving nutrition education lessons through Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program‐Education (SNAP‐Ed) is currently unknown. OBJECTIVES: The objectives of this study were to characterize the diet quality of Indiana SNAP‐Ed‐eligible women$$$ estimate their mean usual intake of fruits, vegetables, dairy, and whole grains compared to Dietary Guidelines for Americans (DGA) recommendations$$$ and determine if these dietary outcomes differed by food security status. METHODS: SNAP‐Ed paraprofessionals recruited participants from August 2015 to May 2016 for this secondary analysis of cross‐sectional data collected as the baseline assessment for a randomized controlled trial. Participants were SNAP‐Ed‐eligible women aged ≥18 y interested in nutrition education lessons. Dietary outcomes were assessed by one or two 24‐h dietary recalls. The Healthy Eating Index (HEI)‐2010 was used to characterize diet quality. Mean usual intake of food groups was estimated using the National Cancer Institute Method. Food security status was classified using the US Household Food Security Survey Module. Data were analyzed in October 2019. RESULTS: Mean ± SEM HEI‐2010 total score was 42 ± 0.9 for the study sample. Mean ± SE usual intake of servings of fruits (0.61 ± 0.08 cups [144.32 ± 18.93 mL]), vegetables [1.4 ± 0.10 cups (331.2 ± 23.66 mL)], dairy [1.5 ± 0.11 cups (354.88 ± 26.02 mL)], and whole grains [0.48 ± 0.06 ounces (13.61 ± 1.70 g)] did not differ by food security subgroup. Mean HEI‐2010 total score was significantly higher by 4.8 ± 2.0 points for the food‐secure than for the food‐insecure subgroup (P = 0.01). Mean HEI‐2010 component scores were 1.1 ± 0.5 points higher for whole grain (P = 0.01) and 1.0 ± 0.5 points higher for dairy (P = 0.05) in the food‐secure than in the food‐insecure subgroup. The proportions of the study sample not meeting the DGA recommendations for food group intake were ≥85% for both food‐secure and ‐insecure subgroups. CONCLUSIONS: Indiana SNAP‐Ed‐eligible women reported poor diet quality, highlighting their need for nutrition interventions aiming to improve food security and diet as per DGA recommendations in low‐income populations.
Diet quality and associations with food security among women eligible for Indiana supplemental nutrition assistance program-education$$$ Background: The diet quality among adults receiving nutrition education lessons through Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program‐Education (SNAP‐Ed) is currently unknown. Objectives: The objectives of this study were to characterize the diet quality of Indiana SNAP‐Ed‐eligible women$$$ estimate their mean usual intake of fruits, vegetables, dairy, and whole grains compared to Dietary Guidelines for Americans (DGA) recommendations$$$ and determine if these dietary outcomes differed by food security status. Methods: SNAP‐Ed paraprofessionals recruited participants from August 2015 to May 2016 for this secondary analysis of cross‐sectional data collected as the baseline assessment for a randomized controlled trial. Participants were SNAP‐Ed‐eligible women aged ≥18 y interested in nutrition education lessons. Dietary outcomes were assessed by one or two 24‐h dietary recalls. The Healthy Eating Index (HEI)‐2010 was used to characterize diet quality. Mean usual intake of food groups was estimated using the National Cancer Institute Method. Food security status was classified using the US Household Food Security Survey Module. Data were analyzed in October 2019. Results: Mean ± SEM HEI‐2010 total score was 42 ± 0.9 for the study sample. Mean ± SE usual intake of servings of fruits (0.61 ± 0.08 cups [144.32 ± 18.93 mL]), vegetables [1.4 ± 0.10 cups (331.2 ± 23.66 mL)], dairy [1.5 ± 0.11 cups (354.88 ± 26.02 mL)], and whole grains [0.48 ± 0.06 ounces (13.61 ± 1.70 g)] did not differ by food security subgroup. Mean HEI‐2010 total score was significantly higher by 4.8 ± 2.0 points for the food‐secure than for the food‐insecure subgroup (P = 0.01). Mean HEI‐2010 component scores were 1.1 ± 0.5 points higher for whole grain (P = 0.01) and 1.0 ± 0.5 points higher for dairy (P = 0.05) in the food‐secure than in the food‐insecure subgroup. The proportions of the study sample not meeting the DGA recommendations for food group intake were ≥85% for both food‐secure and ‐insecure subgroups. Conclusions: Indiana SNAP‐Ed‐eligible women reported poor diet quality, highlighting their need for nutrition interventions aiming to improve food security and diet as per DGA recommendations in low‐income populations.
Effects of sugar-sweetened soda on plasma saturated and monounsaturated fatty acids in individuals with obesity: a randomized study$$$ BACKGROUND: High carbohydrate, i.e., sugars, intake potentially drives the liver into a lipogenic state leading to elevated plasma fatty acids. Excessive intake of saturated fat and sugar‐sweetened soda induces liver fat accumulation, but studying the effect of high intake from sugar‐sweetened soda on the de novo lipogenesis (DNL) fatty acids in long‐term randomized trials is lacking. OBJECTIVE: To study the effect of consuming 1 L/day of sugar‐sweetened soda, semi‐skimmed milk (milk), aspartame‐sweetened soda or water over 24 weeks on DNL‐derived fatty acids (i.e., palmitate (primary outcome) and other saturated and monounsaturated fatty acids), and markers of stearoyl‐CoA desaturase activity (SCD1) in plasma phospholipids (PL), cholesteryl esters (CE), and triglycerides (TG). DESIGN AND METHODS: A randomized parallel study was conducted simultaneously at Aarhus University Hospital and Copenhagen University, Denmark, including (n = 41) individuals aged 20‐50 years, with BMI of 26‐40 kg/m2, and without diabetes. The groups consisted of 9 individuals in the sugar‐sweetened soda, 10 in the milk, 11 in the aspartame‐sweetened soda, and 11 in the water. The change at 24 weeks was assessed and compared across the groups using ANCOVA and mixed‐effects models. Correlations of fatty acid changes with liver fat accumulation (magnetic resonance imaging) were explored. RESULTS: After 24 weeks, the groups differed in palmitate proportions in PL, oleate in CE and PL, and palmitoleate and SCD1 in all fractions (p < 0.05). Compared with water, the relative proportion of palmitate in PL increased by approximately 1% during both sugar‐sweetened soda (p = 0.011) and milk (p = 0.006), whereas oleate and palmitoleate increased only during sugar‐sweetened soda (CE 2.77%, p < 0.001$$$ PL 1.51%, p = 0.002 and CE 1.46%, PL 0.24%, TG 1.31%, all p < 0.001, respectively). Liver fat accumulation correlated consistently with changes in palmitoleate, whereas correlations with palmitate and oleate were inconsistent across lipid fractions. CONCLUSIONS: Although both sugar‐sweetened soda and milk increased palmitate in PL, only excess intake of sugar‐sweetened soda increased palmitoleate in all lipid fractions and correlated with liver fat. In contrast, isocaloric milk intake did not increase plasma monounsaturated fatty acids. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: [https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT00777647], identifier [NCT00777647].
Coordinated patient care via mobilephone based tele-medicine to improve medication persistence and stroke awareness in adult stroke patients: a randomized trial$$$ Background And Aims: Adherence to evidence‐based secondary prevention drugs, and risk factor control are critical in secondary stroke prevention and management. But how to implement this process need further exploration. A mobile phone based telemedicine system ‐ BAMA doctor (Philips), which offered promotion strategies including reminders, medication e‐dairy, patient education, and communication with a health care professional, was used recently in our single center, and faciliated stroke patient management. Herein, we conduct this trial to further confirm its effectiveness in adult stroke patient management. Methods: In this single‐blind randomized controlled trial, 152 adults (≥40 years) with an ischemic stroke, or transient ischemic attack within the prior 90 days are being enrolled at one cerebrovascular center and randomized 1:1 to intervention vs usual care. Results: The primary outcome variable was 3‐month persistence of all the five evidence‐based secondary prevention medications. Secondary outcome variables included: 1)Patients' 3‐month persistence to each of the secondary prevention medications. 2)Risk factor control, including the actual control of blood pressure and smoking cessation. 3) Occurrence of any TIA or stroke during follow‐up. 4) Awareness of stroke and its management, including a) number of the 5 stroke warning signs the patients can tell out and b) awareness of the need to call the paramedics immediately in the event of stroke‐like symptoms. Conclusions: If this telemedicine is shown to be effective in improving medication persistence and risk factor control, it may be more widely applied, and become a standard method of stroke patient management.
Effects of a Formulated Drink on post exercise Recovery$$$ INTERVENTION: After recruitment, fitness screening, 15 volunteers, randomly assigned with a counterbalanced crossover design, followed for each experimental day involving standardized breakfast, fatigue induction through a soccer physical demand simulation protocol and main treatment with a formulated chocolate milk beverage [FCMB]) and control treatments with a commercial chocolate milk beverage [CCMB] and a placebo beverage (same matrix as the main beverage, modify in its amino acid profile [PLB]). After treatment, volunteers were monitored for recovery between 0‐4h, 4‐24h using blood, urine and subjective exertion perception measurements and muscle pain scale. The experiments were performed with an interval of seven days between them. Dietary supplement Dietary Supplements Eating CONDITION: Acute reaction to stress$$$ athletic performance$$$ clinical evolution$$$ recovery of physiological function $$$ Acute stress reaction $$$ Athletic Performance $$$ Clinical Evolution $$$ Recovery of Function Acute stress reaction Athletic Performance Clinical Evolution Recovery of Function SECONDARY OUTCOME: Expected Outcome: $$$ Expected to be found, verified by specific physical test, post‐exercise recovery (0‐24 hours) checked by the return to baseline and/or through a significant difference (p less than 0.05) in favor of the main experimental treatment (formulated milk drink [FMD]) on athletic performance in neuromuscular components (jump and speed). Outcome found: $$$ All treatments provided improvement in athletic performance in neuromuscular components (jump and speed), but without significant difference between treatments (p greater than 0.05). INCLUSION CRITERIA: Healthy volunteers$$$ College students$$$ male$$$ age between 18 and 30 years$$$ regular frequency of soccer practice at least twice a week. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Expected Outcome 1:$$$ Using blood biochemical assessments, post‐exercise recovery (0‐24 hours post‐intake) is expected to be found by returning to baseline and / or by a significant difference (p less than 0.05) favorable to the main experimental treatment. (formulated milk drink [FMD]) on immune markers of systemic inflammation (interleukin 6 [IL‐6], interleukin 1B [IL‐1B], C‐reactive protein [CRP] and tumor necrosis factor ([TNF‐alpha])$$$ immune cells (leukocytes and subclasses), oxidative stress (reduced glutathione [GSH] and oxidized glutathione [GSSH]), muscle damage (creatine kinase [CK] and myoglobin [Mb]), insulin, cortisol, hematocrit .$$$ Expected Outcome 2:$$$ It is expected to find, using color scale and urine specific gravity scale assessments, post‐exercise recovery (0‐24 hours post‐intake) verified by returning to baseline and/or by a significant difference (p less than 0.05) favorable to the main experimental treatment (formulated milk drink [FMD]) in the state of hydration. Expected Outcome 3:$$$ It is expected to find, using psychometric scale assessments, post‐exercise recovery (0‐24 hours post‐intake) verified by returning to baseline and/or by a significant difference (p less than 0.05) favorable to the main experimental treatment (formulated milk drink [FMD]) in the perception of muscle pain. Outcome found 1:$$$ Significant decrease (p less than 0.05) in favor of the main experimental treatment (formulated milk drink [FMD]) in markers of muscle damage (creatine kinase [CK] at 24 hours after ingestion$$$ and myoglobin [Mb] at 2 hours after ‐inquestion)$$$ significant increase (p less thas 0.05), favorable to the main experimental treatment (formulated milk drink [FMD]), in serum insulin concentration at 2 hours after ingestion. Outcome found 2:$$$ All treatments provided improvement in hydration status, but without significant difference between treatments (p greater than 0.05). Outcome found 3:$$$ No significant difference (p less than 0.05) in the perception of muscle pain.
Comparison of dietary intake of overweight postpartum mothers practicing breastfeeding or formula feeding$$$ BACKGROUND: Weight gain in the postpartum period is a risk factor for long‐term obesity. Investigations of dietary intake among lactating and nonlactating overweight women might identify nutritional concerns specific to this population. OBJECTIVE: To compare nutrient, meal, and snack intakes, food‐group servings and prevalence of dieting among fully breastfeeding (BF), mixed breast and formula feeding (MF), and formula feeding (FF) overweight and obese women. The second aim was to compare nutrient intakes and food‐group servings to the Dietary Reference Intake and MyPyramid recommendations, respectively. DESIGN: Data were collected from September 2004 through April 2006 in Durham, NC. Infant feeding practices and dietary information were collected on 450 women between 6 and 9 weeks postpartum. Two 24‐hour dietary recalls were completed by phone, using Nutrition Data Systems for Research. Analysis of covariance was used to compare infant feeding groups in dietary quality (nutrient intake per 1,000 kcal) and food‐group servings, controlling for prepregnancy body mass index, race, age, education, income, and marital status. χ² analysis was performed to determine differences in meal and snack intake and dieting among infant feeding groups. RESULTS: BF women consumed more energy (2,107 ± 50 kcal) than MF (1,866 ± 56 kcal) or FF (1,657 ± 50 kcal) women (P < 0.001). Adjusted nutrient intake did not differ between groups. All groups were at risk for inadequate intakes of vitamins A, E, C, and folate and did not meet recommended servings of all food groups. BF women consumed lunch and snacks more frequently, were less likely to diet, and reported higher intakes of grains and desserts than MF and FF women. CONCLUSIONS: To help increase intakes of nutrients lacking in the diet and prevent postpartum weight gain, overweight women should be encouraged to increase fruits, vegetables, low‐fat dairy, whole grains, legumes, and healthy types of fat, while decreasing refined grains, regular soda, sweetened beverages, and desserts.
Nutrient and food intake in obese women on a low-fat or low-calorie diet$$$ The low‐fat group consumed significantly fewer calories from fat and more calories from carbohydrate at both 6 and 12 months than the low‐calorie group, but their fat intake was still about twice their goal at both 6 months (39 gm per day) and 12 months (46 gm per day). The low‐calorie group achieved their fat goal of 30% of calorie intake, but they consumed from 300 to 700 kcal more than their calorie goal. Caloric intake, physical activity, palatability, satiety, quality of life, and weight loss were not significantly different by treatment. Two studies, which gave patients hypocaloric diets of varying fat and carbohydrate content (fat calories 10% to 45%) for from 10 to 12 weeks, found no effect of diet composition on weight loss. In addition, one study, which gave patients a low‐fat, energy‐unrestricted diet (fat calories 19%), reported a weight loss of 10.1 lb at 16 to 20 weeks and 5.7 lb at 9 to 12 months, which is similar to that seen in the low‐fat group in the this study. Most of the decrease in fat intake (90%) in the low‐fat group resulted from a reduction in intake of fat from fat and oils$$$ meat, fish, and poultry$$$ dairy products$$$ and sweets. The dietary changes in the low‐fat group are consistent with those found in one study, which prescribed a 15% fat calorie diet to women with breast cancer. Intake of vitamin C increased in the low‐fat group and decreased in the low‐calorie group. This difference was significant and was caused by an increased intake of fruits and vegetables in the low‐fat group and a decreased consumption of fruits in the low‐calorie group. Calcium intake decreased significantly more in the low‐calorie group because of a decreased intake of dairy foods.
Dietary approaches to reduce blood pressure in a community setting: a randomised crossover study$$$ Objective ‐ A diet combining increased fruits, vegetables, low‐fat dairy foods, fish and nuts etc (DASH) has been shown to lower blood pressure (BP) in controlled intervention studies with all food provided. The aim of this study was to determine the effect on BP of three different self‐selected diets: a "DASH" type diet high in fruit, vegetables and low‐fat dairy foods (OD), a high dairy diet (HID) and a low sodium, high potassium diet (LNAHIK). Design ‐ Ninety‐four subjects (56 men and 38 women, 55 normotensives (with BP >or =120/80 mmHg), 39 hypertensives (on anti‐hypertensive therapy)) following a one‐week run‐in period, completed a 12‐week study, which consisted of a two‐week control diet, after which subjects were randomised to one of the diets for four weeks followed by a second control diet phase, which was followed by the second diet. All subjects completed the OD diet. Home BP was measured daily for the last two weeks in each phase. Results ‐ Ninety‐four subjects completed the OD diet, 43 the LNAHIK diet and 48 the HID diet. The mean age was 55.6 (9.9) years and run‐in home BP (mean (SD)) was 129 (11.3) / 80.6(8.6)mmHg. The changes (mean +/‐SEM) in BP between the control diet and dietary phases were: OD: ‐1.8 +/‐0.5/ ‐0.4 +/‐ 0.3 mmHg (P<0.001, ns respectively)$$$ LNAHIK: ‐4.4 +/‐0.8/‐2.0 +/‐ 0.6 mmHg (both P<0.001)$$$ HID +0.6 +/‐0.4/ +0.3 +/‐0.3 (both ns). Urinary sodium (24‐hour) fell in OD by 33.0 +/‐7.4 mmol/day and by 73.4 +/‐10.1 mmol/day in the LNAHIK diet (both P<0.001).Conclusions ‐ In a community setting, a LNAHIK diet resulted in a greater fall in blood pressure than a self‐selected DASH type diet and confirms the positive effect of reducing Na and increasing K on blood pressure.
The effect on serum lipids and oxidized low-density lipoprotein of supplementing self-selected low-fat diets with soluble-fiber, soy, and vegetable protein foods$$$ An increased intake of soluble fiber and soy protein may improve the blood lipid profile. To assess any additional benefit on serum lipids of providing soy protein and soluble‐fiber foods to hyperlipidemic subjects already consuming low‐fat, low‐cholesterol therapeutic diets, 20 hyperlipidemic men and postmenopausal women completed 8‐week test and control dietary treatments in a randomized crossover design as part of an ad libitum National Cholesterol Education Program (NCEP) step 2 therapeutic diet (<7% saturated fat and <200 mg/d cholesterol). During the test phase, foods high in soy, other vegetable proteins, and soluble fiber were provided. During the control phase, low‐fat dairy and low‐soluble‐fiber foods were provided. Fasting blood lipid and apolipoprotein levels were measured at 4 and 8 weeks of each phase. On the test diet, 12 +/‐ 2 g/d soy protein was selected from the foods chosen. Direct comparison of test and control treatments indicated an elevated high‐density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol concentration on the test diet (6.4% +/‐ 2.4%, P = .013) and a significantly reduced total to HDL cholesterol ratio (‐5.9% +/‐ 2.3%, P = .020). The proportion of conjugated dienes in the low‐density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol fraction was significantly reduced (8.5% +/‐ 3.3%, P = .020) as a marker of oxidized LDL. A combination of acceptable amounts of soy, vegetable protein, and soluble‐fiber foods as part of a conventional low‐fat, low‐cholesterol therapeutic diet is effective in further reducing serum lipid risk factors for cardiovascular disease.
The effect on the blood lipid profile of soy foods combined with a prebiotic: a randomized controlled trial$$$ The value of soy protein as part of the cholesterol‐lowering diet has been questioned by recent studies. The apparent lack of effect may relate to the absence of dietary factors that increase colonic fermentation and potentiate the cholesterol‐lowering effect of soy. Therefore, unabsorbable carbohydrates (prebiotics) were added to the diet with the aim of increasing colonic fermentation and so potentially increasing the hypocholesterolemic effect of soy. Twenty‐three hyperlipidemic adults (11 male, 12 female$$$ 58 +/‐ 7 years old$$$ low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol [LDL‐C], 4.18 +/‐ 0.58 mmol/L) completed three 4‐week diet intervention phases‐a low‐fat dairy diet and 10 g/d prebiotic (oligofructose‐enriched inulin, a fermentable carbohydrate), a soy food‐containing diet (30 g/d soy protein, 61 mg/d isoflavones from soy foods) and 10 g/d placebo (maltodextrin), and a soy food‐containing diet with 10 g/d prebiotic‐‐in a randomized controlled crossover study. Intake of soy plus prebiotic resulted in greater reductions in LDL‐C (‐0.18 +/‐ 0.07 mmol/L, P = .042) and in ratio of LDL‐C to high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (‐0.28 +/‐ 0.11, P = .041) compared with prebiotic. In addition, high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol was significantly increased on soy plus prebiotic compared with prebiotic (0.06 +/‐ 0.02 mmol/L, P = .029). Differences in bifidobacteria, total anaerobes, aerobes, and breath hydrogen did not reach significance. Soy foods in conjunction with a prebiotic resulted in significant improvements in the lipid profile, not seen when either prebiotic or soy alone was taken. Coingestion of a prebiotic may potentiate the effectiveness of soy foods as part of the dietary strategy to lower serum cholesterol.
Effects of high- and low-isoflavone soyfoods on blood lipids, oxidized LDL, homocysteine, and blood pressure in hyperlipidemic men and women$$$ BACKGROUND: Many of the benefits of soy have been attributed to soy isoflavones. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to determine the effects of high‐ and low‐isoflavone soy‐protein foods on both lipid and nonlipid risk factors for coronary artery disease (CAD). METHODS: Forty‐one hyperlipidemic men and postmenopausal women participated in a study with three 1‐mo diets: a low‐fat dairy food control diet and high‐ (50 g soy protein and 73 mg isoflavones daily) and low‐ (52 g soy protein and 10 mg isoflavones daily) isoflavone soyfood diets. All 3 diets were very low in saturated fat (< 5% of energy) and cholesterol (< 50 mg/d). Fasting blood samples were drawn and blood pressure was measured at the start and end of each diet. RESULTS: No significant differences were seen between the high‐ and low‐isoflavone soy diets. Compared with the control diet, however, both soy diets resulted in significantly lower total cholesterol, estimated CAD risk, and ratios of total to HDL cholesterol, LDL to HDL cholesterol, and apolipoprotein B to A‐I. No significant sex differences were observed, except for systolic blood pressure, which in men was significantly lower after the soy diets than after the control diet. On the basis of blood lipid and blood pressure changes, the calculated CAD risk was significantly lower with the soy diets, by 10.1 +/‐ 2.7%. CONCLUSION: Substitution of soyfoods for animal products, regardless of isoflavone concentration, reduces the CAD risk because of both modest reductions in blood lipids and reductions in oxidized LDL, homocysteine, and blood pressure.
The nutriceutical bovine colostrum truncates the increase in gut permeability caused by heavy exercise in athletes$$$ Heavy exercise causes gut symptoms and, in extreme cases, "heat stroke" partially due to increased intestinal permeability of luminal toxins. We examined bovine colostrum, a natural source of growth factors, as a potential moderator of such effects. Twelve volunteers completed a double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, crossover protocol (14 days colostrum/placebo) prior to standardized exercise. Gut permeability utilized 5 h urinary lactulose‐to‐rhamnose ratios. In vitro studies (T84, HT29, NCM460 human colon cell lines) examined colostrum effects on temperature‐induced apoptosis (active caspase‐3 and 9, Baxα, Bcl‐2), heat shock protein 70 (HSP70) expression and epithelial electrical resistance. In both study arms, exercise increased blood lactate, heart rate, core temperature (mean 1.4°C rise) by similar amounts. Gut hormone profiles were similar in both arms although GLP‐1 levels rose following exercise in the placebo but not the colostrum arm (P = 0.026). Intestinal permeability in the placebo arm increased 2.5‐fold following exercise (0.38 ± 0.012 baseline, to 0.92 ± 0.014, P < 0.01), whereas colostrum truncated rise by 80% (0.38 ± 0.012 baseline to 0.49 ± 0.017) following exercise. In vitro apoptosis increased by 47‐65% in response to increasing temperature by 2°C. This effect was truncated by 60% if colostrum was present (all P < 0.01). Similar results were obtained examining epithelial resistance (colostrum truncated temperature‐induced fall in resistance by 64%, P < 0.01). Colostrum increased HSP70 expression at both 37 and 39°C (P < 0.001) and was truncated by addition of an EGF receptor‐neutralizing antibody. Temperature‐induced increase in Baxα and reduction in Bcl‐2 was partially reversed by presence of colostrum. Colostrum may have value in enhancing athletic performance and preventing heat stroke.
Dietary probiotic supplementation enhances natural killer cell activity in the elderly: an investigation of age-related immunological changes$$$ Many elderly subjects are at increased risk of infectious and noninfectious diseases due to an age‐related decline in lymphoid cell activity (immunosenescence). Noninvasive means of enhancing cellular immunity are therefore desirable in the elderly. Previous reports have suggested that dietary supplementation could represent an effective means of enhancing the activity of circulating natural killer (NK) cells in the elderly. In the present study, we have conducted a pre‐post intervention trial to determine the impact of dietary supplementation with probiotic lactic acid bacteria (LAB) on peripheral blood NK cell activity in healthy elderly subjects. Twenty‐seven volunteers consumed low‐fat/low‐lactose milk supplemented with known immunostimulatory LAB strains (Lactobacillus rhamnosus HN001 or Bifidobacterium lactis HN019) for a period of 3 weeks. A dietary run‐in of milk alone was shown to have no significant effect on NK cells. In contrast, the proportion of CD56‐positive lymphocytes in peripheral circulation was higher following consumption of either LAB strain, and ex vivo PBMC tumoricidal activity against K562 cells was also increased. Supplementation with HN001 or HN019 increased tumoricidal activity by an average of 101 and 62%, respectively$$$ these increases were significantly correlated with age, with subjects older than 70 years experiencing significantly greater improvements than those under 70 years. These results demonstrate that dietary consumption of probiotic LAB in a milk‐based diet may offer benefit to elderly consumers to combat some of the deleterious effects of immunosenescence on cellular immunity.
The effects of soymilk plus probiotics supplementation on cardiovascular risk factors in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a randomized clinical trial$$$ OBJECTIVE: Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular diseases. This study aimed to assess the effects of soymilk plus probiotics co‐administration on cardiovascular risk factors in T2DM patients. METHODS: One hundred patients with T2DM (aged 40‐75 years old) were randomly assigned into 4 groups (soymilk + probiotics supplement, soymilk + placebo, conventional milk + placebo, and probiotics supplement) for 6 weeks. Standard protocols were followed for the collection of fasting blood samples, dietary intakes, and anthropometric measurements. RESULTS: It was shown that soymilk + probiotics consumption significantly decreased diastolic blood pressure (DBP) (p = 0.001), triglycerides (TG) (P < 0.001), total cholesterol (TC) (p < 0.01), and insulin (P < 0.003) levels and significantly increased high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL‐C) (P = 0.002) levels. Soymilk + placebo administration significantly decreased DBP (p = 0.01), insulin (p = 0.006), and TG (p = 0.001) levels and significantly increased HDL‐C (p = 0.03) levels. A significant decrease in insulin (p = 0.003) and systolic blood pressure (SBP) (p = 0.01) levels and an increase in HDL‐C (p = 0.04) levels were observed after supplementation with probiotics. Findings from between‐group comparisons showed a significant decrease in SBP levels in the probiotics supplement group compared to conventional milk group (p < 0.05). CONCLUSION: Soymilk and probiotics consumption might improve some cardiovascular risk factors in patients with T2DM. However, possible synergic effects while consumption of soymilk plus probiotics supplement didn't show in this study which warranted further research.
The effects of variations in percent of naturally occurring complex and simple carbohydrates on plasma glucose and insulin response in individuals with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus$$$ In the present study, 12 patients with non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) consumed eucaloric, mixed food diets on three consecutive days. Diets provided 50% of the calories as carbohydrate, 35% as fat, and 15% as protein. The percent of carbohydrate fed as complex (starches) and simple (mono‐ and disaccharides) varied among the 3 days. On day 1, the diet contained 80% of the carbohydrate as complex and 20% as simple (80/20)$$$ another contained 50% complex and 50% simple (50/50)$$$ and the final diet contained 20% of the carbohydrate as complex and 80% as simple (20/80). All simple carbohydrates represent naturally occurring sugars in fruits, vegetables, and dairy products. No refined sugars were added to any of the diets. The three experimental diets were randomly assigned using a 3 X 3 Latin square design. Blood was obtained hourly from 0800 to 1700 h for day‐long glucose and insulin concentrations, and 24‐h urine collections were made for the measurement of urine glucose. Mean (+/‐ SEM) day‐long glucose concentrations were significantly greater for the 80/20 diet (2245 +/‐ 199 mg/dl X h, P less than 0.05) than for either the 50/50 (2030 +/‐ 157 mg/dl X h) or the 20/80 diets (2008 +/‐ 160 mg/dl X h). No significant differences were noted between the 50/50 and the 20/80 diets. In contrast, day‐long insulin concentrations were not significantly different with 401 +/‐ 62, 370 +/‐ 50, and 369 +/‐ 60 mu U/ml X h on the 80/20, 50/50, and 20/80 diets, respectively. Twenty‐four‐hour urinary glucose excretion paralleled plasma glucose concentrations.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Effects of modern food retailers on adult and child diets and nutrition$$$ In many developing countries, food environments are changing rapidly, with modern retailers—such as supermarkets—gaining in importance. Previous studies have suggested that the rise of modern retailers contributes to overweight and obesity. Effects of modern retailers on dietary quality have not been analyzed previously due to the unavailability of individual‐level dietary data. Here, we address this research gap with data from randomly selected households in Lusaka, Zambia. Anthropometric and food‐intake data from 930 adults and 499 children were analyzed to estimate effects of purchasing food in modern retailers on body weight, height, and dietary quality while controlling for income and other confounding factors. The food expenditure share spent in modern retailers was found to be positively associated with overweight in adults, but not in children. For children, a positive association between expenditures in modern retailers and height was identified. Modern retailers contribute to higher consumption of ultra‐processed foods and calories. But they also increase protein and micronutrient intakes among adults and children, mainly through higher consumption of meat and dairy. The findings underline that modern retailers can influence diets and nutrition in positive and negative ways. Differentiated regulatory policies are needed to shape food environments for healthy food choices and nutrition.
Effect of a Health food on 2 hours Glucose Response among Overweight Individuals$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Celevida: 2 variants of Celevida (Rasamalai and Chocolate flavours) each mixed with water and milk will be given to study participants Control Intervention1: Reference Glucose: Glucose is given as reference food thrice during the study period CONDITION: Male and female overweight individuals (BMI greater than or equal to 22.9) PRIMARY OUTCOME: Assessing the glycemic index, GI category and satiety of food products‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 3 months SECONDARY OUTCOME: Assessing the proximates and available carbohydrates of food products‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 7 days INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1.BMI greater than or equal to 22.9 kg/ m2 2.Participants with family history of diabetes 3.Willingness to consume the test foods
Calcium supplementation for 1 y does not reduce body weight or fat mass in young girls$$$ BACKGROUND: Accumulating evidence from observational studies indicates that a high calcium intake may reduce body weight and body fat. However, few randomized trials have been conducted. OBJECTIVE: We examined whether calcium supplementation affects body weight and body fat in young girls and whether a relation exists between habitual calcium intake and body weight and body fat. DESIGN: A randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled intervention study was conducted in 110 young girls. The subjects were randomly assigned to receive 500 mg Ca/d as calcium carbonate or placebo for 1 y. Two groups of girls were selected according to habitual calcium intake from a large group$$$ one group consumed 1000‐1304 mg/d (40th‐60th percentile$$$ n = 60) and the other group consumed <713 mg/d (<20th percentile$$$ n = 50). Height, body weight, body fat, and calcium intake were measured at baseline and after 1 y. RESULTS: At baseline a significant negative correlation was observed between habitual dietary calcium intake and percentage of body fat (r = ‐0.242, P = 0.011). However, calcium supplementation had no effect on height, body weight, or percentage body fat. CONCLUSIONS: Habitual dietary calcium intake was inversely associated with body fat, but a low‐dose calcium supplement had no effect on body weight, height, or body fat over 1 y in young girls. It is possible that the effect of calcium on body weight is only exerted if it is ingested as part of a meal, or the effect may be due to other ingredients in dairy products, and calcium may simply be a marker for a high dairy intake.
Effect Of Mulberry Fruit Derived Food Supplement on Mental Well-Being and Cognition in General Population$$$ INTERVENTION: Single‐dose of mulberry extract (5g) in milk , Double‐dose of mulberry extract (10g) in milk CONDITION: Healthy controls $$$ Working memory Cognition Mulberry extract Healthy controls Working memory Cognition Mulberry extract Healthy controls PRIMARY OUTCOME: Working memory score [Timeframe baseline and 6‐week Computerized ] SECONDARY OUTCOME: Depression and anxiety [Timeframe baseline and 6‐week Hospital Depression and Anxiety Scale] Mental‐well being [Timeframe baseline and 6‐week General Health Questionairre ‐ 28 items] INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1.age 18 ‐ 60 years 2.able to read and write 3.healthy in general without severe medical conditions e.g. diabete mellitus, hypertension, heart disease, asthma, COPD 4.no history of head trauma 5.not receiving other medications during participation
Evaluating Efficacy of a Unani Formulation in Hypertension$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Iksir‐i Shifa: Dosage form: Qurs (Tablet) Dose: One tablet (520 mg) twice daily with 250 ml of milk Route of administration: Oral Composition of Iksir‐i Shifa 1. Asrol (Rauwolfia serpentina) 1 kg. 2. Nishasta Gandum (Triticum sativum Lam) 600g. 3. Sugar of Milk (Lactose) 100g. 4. Chalk Powder (Calcium carbonate) 100g. Control Intervention1: Amlodipine: 5 mg orally once daily at morning CONDITION: Health Condition 1: I10‐ Essential (primary) hypertension PRIMARY OUTCOME: Reduction in SBP â?¥15 mmHg and diastolic blood pressure â?¥ 10 mm Hg from base line. $$$ Timepoint: 45 DAYS SECONDARY OUTCOME: Systemic safety assessmentTimepoint: 45 days INCLUSION CRITERIA: i. Participants of any sex aged between 35‐55 years ii. Stage‐â?  Hypertension according to JNC 7 (Systolic BP 140‐159 and Diastolic BP 90‐99 mmHg) iii. Participants willing to sign the informed consent form
RCT to evaluate effect of simillimum in modifying anger and thereby reducing hypertension$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Indicated homeopathic medicine: Homoeopathic casetaking will be done and individualisedhomoeopathic remedy will be prescribed depending on the totality of symptoms. It will be administered in the form of potentised medicine liquid added a drop on sugar of milk powder and/ or pills, administered orally. Pills (which may or may not contain medicinal substance) will be 4 pills 3 times a day and powder 2‐3times a week or as per requirement. Therapy is continued for one year study period and later if required, can be continued. Control Intervention1: placebo: Sugar of milk globules or powder without adding potentised homoeopathic medicine liquid. CONDITION: Health Condition 1: I10‐ Essential (primary) hypertension PRIMARY OUTCOME: 1. Reduction in anger $$$ 2. Reduction in systolic BP $$$ 3. Reduction in diastolic BP $$$ 4. Prevention of end‐organ damage $$$ 5.. Reduction in end‐organ damageTimepoint: one year SECONDARY OUTCOME: Reduction in severity of symptoms of associated illnessesTimepoint: one year INCLUSION CRITERIA: cases of essential hypertension
Opioid receptor modulation of hedonic taste preference and food intake: a single-dose safety, pharmacokinetic, and pharmacodynamic investigation with GSK1521498, a novel μ-opioid receptor inverse agonist$$$ Endogenous opioids and µ‐opioid receptors have been linked to hedonic and rewarding aspects of palatable food intake. The authors examined the safety, pharmacokinetic, and pharmacodynamic profile of GSK1521498, a µ‐opioid receptor inverse agonist that is being investigated primarily for the treatment of overeating behavior in obesity. In healthy participants, GSK1521498 oral solution and capsule formulations were well tolerated up to a dose of 100 mg. After single doses (10‐150 mg), the maximum concentration (C(max)) and area under the curve (AUC) in plasma increased in a dose‐proportional manner. GSK1521498 selectively reduced sensory hedonic ratings of high‐sugar and high‐fat dairy products and caloric intake of high‐fat/high‐sucrose snack foods. These findings provide encouraging data in support of the development of GSK1521498 for the treatment of disorders of maladaptive ingestive behavior or compulsive consumption.
Trimetazidine and stable angina a double-blind trial$$$ The effect of trimetazidine was evaluated in patients with stable angina by adding it to the other antianginal regimen in a double blind crossover design each of 8 week's duration. The method of evaluation made use of symptom recall, daily dairy of the intake of sublingual nitrates or of anginal discomfort and in some, symptom limited treadmill exercise stress test (EST). Thirty‐six patients completed the trial. Symptom‐wise, 16 patients could not differentiate the effect of the true tablet from the placebo. Eight had less and 12 had more angina while on the drug. Of the 17 evaluable EST, 9 showed no change in the degree of ischemic changes while 4 performed with less and 4 with more ischemia while on the drug. Symptom‐wise and taking into account the pre and post trial periods, a placebo effect was not found to be dominant. It is concluded that trimetazidine does not improve angina among those already being treated with conventional doses of nitrates, beta and calcium blockers.
The effect of intradialytic parenteral nutrition on nutritional status and quality of life in hemodialysis patients$$$ INTERVENTION: Intradialytic parenteral nutrition CONDITION: 10003018 10038430 dialyse $$$ malnutrition $$$ sarcopenia PRIMARY OUTCOME: To analyze the change in lean tissue Mass (LTM) assessed by Body Composition $$$ Monitor (BCM).$$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: To analyze the change in: $$$ $$$ ‐ Adipose Tissue Mass (ATM) assessed by Body Composition Monitior (BCM) $$$ ‐ Body weight $$$ ‐ Target weight $$$ ‐ Functionality assessed by hand grip strenght (HGS) $$$ ‐ Appetite (NRS) $$$ ‐ Muscle health inde Xassessed by ultrasound $$$ ‐ Subjective Global Assessment (SGA), 7 point scale $$$ ‐ Food intake assessed by 24‐hours recall with global dietary history (calories $$$ and protein) $$$ ‐ Exercise, assessed by Activ8 and exercise dairy $$$ ‐ Quality of Life: assessed by KDQoL and PANAS $$$ ‐ KT/V $$$ ‐ (n)PCR $$$ ‐ Serum CRP $$$ ‐ Serum albumin $$$ ‐ Serum pre‐albumin $$$ ‐ Serum bicarbonate $$$ ‐ Phase Angel, assessed by Body Composition Monitor (BCM) $$$ • Changes in hormones $$$ • Hospital admission $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ Age: >= 18 years ‐ Hemodialysis, 3 times / week, minimum 3,5 hours / session.
Can individuals meet multiple physical activity and dietary behavior goals?$$$ OBJECTIVES: To examine whether participants with the most behavioral goals to achieve were more likely to meet more goals than those given fewer goals. METHODS: Eight hundred ten participants were randomly assigned to advice‐only, established guidelines for blood pressure control (reduced sodium, increased physical activity), or established guidelines plus the DASH diet (increased fruits, vegetables, low‐fat dairy, reduced fat). RESULTS: At 6 months, 11.7% of Advice‐Only, 19.3% of Established, and 44.6% of Established plus DASH met at least 3 goals (P<0.0001). At 18 months, 33.5% of Established plus DASH met at least 3 goals. CONCLUSIONS: Those with the most goals to achieve reached the most goals.
Long-Term Effects of High-Protein Diets on Renal Function$$$ Chronic kidney disease (CKD) has a prevalence of approximately 13% and is most frequently caused by diabetes and hypertension. In population studies, CKD etiology is often uncertain. Some experimental and observational human studies have suggested that high‐protein intake may increase CKD progression and even cause CKD in healthy people. The protein source may be important. Daily red meat consumption over years may increase CKD risk, whereas white meat and dairy proteins appear to have no such effect, and fruit and vegetable proteins may be renal protective. Few randomized trials exist with an observation time greater than 6 months, and most of these were conducted in patients with preexisting diseases that dispose to CKD. Results conflict and do not allow any conclusion about kidney‐damaging effects of long‐term, high‐protein intake. Until additional data become available, present knowledge seems to substantiate a concern. Screening for CKD should be considered before and during long‐term, high‐protein intake.
Effect of dietary patterns on measures of lipid peroxidation: results from a randomized clinical trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Free radical‐mediated oxidative damage to lipids is thought to be an important process in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis. Although previous studies have demonstrated a beneficial impact of antioxidant vitamin supplements on lipid peroxidation, the effect of dietary patterns on lipid peroxidation is unknown. METHODS AND RESULTS: During the 3‐week run‐in period of a randomized trial, 123 healthy individuals were fed a control diet, low in fruits, vegetables, and dairy products, with 37% of calories from fat. Participants were then randomized to consume for 8 weeks: (1) the control diet, (2) a diet rich in fruits and vegetables but otherwise similar to the control diet, and (3) a combination diet rich in fruits, vegetables, and low‐fat dairy products and reduced in fat. Serum oxygen radical‐absorbing capacity, malondialdehyde (an in vitro measure of lipid peroxidation), and breath ethane (an in vivo measure of lipid peroxidation) were measured at the end of run‐in and intervention periods. Between run‐in and intervention, mean (95% CI) change in oxygen radical‐absorbing capacity (U/mL) was ‐35 (‐93, 13) in the control diet, 26 (‐15, 67) in the fruits and vegetables diet (P=0.06 compared with control), and 19 (‐22, 54) in the combination diet (P=0.10 compared with control). Median (interquartile range) change in ethane was 0.84 (0.10, 1.59) in the control diet, 0.02 (‐0.61, 0.83) in the fruits and vegetables diet (P=0.04 compared with control), and ‐1.00 (‐1.97, 0.25) in the combination diet (P=0.005 compared with control). Change in malondialdehyde did not differ between diets. CONCLUSIONS: This study demonstrates that modification of diet can favorably affect serum antioxidant capacity and protect against lipid peroxidation.
Children with atopic dermatitis show clinical improvement after Lactobacillus exposure$$$ BACKGROUND: The role of probiotics in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (AD) is not clearly established. Further clinical trials with new probiotic formulations are warranted. OBJECTIVES: To assess the effects of Lactobacillus paracasei (LP) and Lactobacillus fermentum (LF), and their mixture on the disease severity, quality of life, and immune biomarkers of children with AD. METHOD: A double‐blind, prospective, randomized placebo‐controlled study was conducted on 220 children aged 1‐18 years with moderate‐to‐severe AD (Trial number: NCT01635738). The children were randomized to receive LP, LF, LP + LF mixture, and placebo for 3 months. Changes in severity scoring of atopic dermatitis (SCORAD), Family Dermatology Life Quality Index (FDLQI), and Children's Dermatology Life Quality Index (CDLQI) scores in the different groups and at different visits were evaluated. Skin prick tests, levels of IgE, IFN‐γ, IL‐4, TGF‐β, and TNF‐α, and urine biomarkers were also evaluated. RESULTS: Children who received LP, LF, and LP + LF mixture showed lower SCORAD scores than the placebo group (P < 0.001), and this difference remained even at 4 months after discontinuing the probiotics. The FDLQI and CDLQI scores were lower in the LP, LF, and LP + LF mixture group than in the placebo group (P = 0.02 and 0.03). IgE, TNF‐α, urine eosinophilic protein X, and 8‐OHdG levels decreased, whereas IFN‐γ and TGF‐β increased in the probiotic groups, but these did not reach statistical significance except for IL‐4 (P = 0.04). In subgroup analyses, SCORAD scores significantly decreased after probiotic treatment especially in children younger than age 12, with breastfeeding > 6 months, and with mite sensitization (P < 0.001). CONCLUSION: Supplementation of a probiotic mixture of LP and LF is associated with clinical improvement in children with AD.
DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) diet is effective treatment for stage 1 isolated systolic hypertension$$$ Use of the DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) diet, which is rich in fruits, vegetables, and low‐fat dairy foods, significantly lowers blood pressure. Among the 459 participants in the DASH Trial, 72 had stage 1 isolated systolic hypertension (ISH) (systolic blood pressure, 140 to 159 mm Hg$$$ diastolic blood pressure, <90 mm Hg). We examined the blood pressure response in these 72 participants to determine whether the DASH diet is an effective treatment for stage 1 ISH. After a 3‐week run‐in period on a typical American (control) diet, participants were randomly assigned for 8 weeks to 1 of 3 diets: a continuation of the control diet (n=25), a diet rich in fruits and vegetables (n=24), or the DASH diet (n=23). Sodium content was the same in the 3 diets, and caloric intake was adjusted during the trial to prevent weight change. Blood pressure was measured at baseline and at the end of the 8‐week intervention period with standard sphygmomanometry. Use of the DASH diet significantly lowered systolic blood pressure compared with the control diet (‐11.2 mm Hg$$$ 95% confidence interval, ‐6.1 to ‐16.2 mm Hg$$$ P<0.001) and the fruits/vegetables diet (‐8.0 mm Hg$$$ 95% confidence interval, ‐2.5 to ‐13.4 mm Hg$$$ P<0.01). Overall, blood pressure in the DASH group fell from 146/85 to 134/82 mm Hg. Similar results were observed with 24‐hour ambulatory blood pressure measurements. In the DASH diet group, 18 of 23 participants (78%) reduced their systolic blood pressure to <140 mm Hg, compared with 24% and 50% in the control and fruits/vegetables groups, respectively. Our results indicate that the DASH diet, which is rich in fruits, vegetables, and low‐fat dairy foods, is effective as first‐line therapy in stage 1 ISH.
Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension: a summary of study results. DASH Collaborative Research Group$$$ The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension multicenter trial examined the impact of dietary patterns on blood pressure in 459 adults with blood pressure ≤160 mm Hg systolic and 80 to 95 mm Hg diastolic. After a 3‐week run‐in period on a control diet low in fruits, vegetables, and dairy products, and with a fat content typical for Americans, participants were randomized for 8 weeks to either the control diet, a diet rich in fruits and vegetables, or a combination diet that emphasized fruits, vegetables, and low‐fat dairy products. Body weight and sodium intake were held constant, and physical activity did not change during the intervention. Baseline mean±standard deviation systolic and diastolic blood pressures were 131.3±10.8 mm Hg and 84.7±4.7 mm Hg, respectively. Relative to the control diet, the combination diet reduced blood pressure by 5.5 mm Hg and diastolic blood pressure by 3.0 mm Hg (P<.001). For those on the fruits and vegetables diet, blood pressure reductions relative to control were 2.8 mm Hg systolic (P<.001) and 1.1 mm Hg diastolic (P<.07). In 133 participants with hypertension, the combination diet produced a net blood pressure reduction of 11.4 and 5.5 mm Hg systolic and diastolic, respectively (P<.001). In participants without hypertension (n=326), the corresponding blood pressure reductions were 3.5 mm Hg systolic (P<.001) and 2.1 mm Hg diastolic (P<.003). In other subgroup analyses, minorities showed relatively larger reductions in blood pressure than nonminorities (P<.001). We conclude that the dietary pattern reflected in the combination diet can substantially reduce blood pressure, and, accordingly, provides an additional lifestyle approach to preventing and treating hypertension.
Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension: a summary of study results. DASH Collaborative Research Group$$$ The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension multicenter trial examined the impact of dietary patterns on blood pressure in 459 adults with blood pressure < 160 mm Hg systolic and 80 to 95 mm Hg diastolic. After a 3‐week run‐in period on a control diet low in fruits, vegetables, and dairy products, and with a fat content typical for Americans, participants were randomized for 8 weeks to either the control diet, a diet rich in fruits and vegetables, or a combination diet that emphasized fruits, vegetables, and low‐fat dairy products. Body weight and sodium intake were held constant, and physical activity did not change during the intervention. Baseline mean +/‐ standard deviation systolic and diastolic blood pressures were 131.3 +/‐ 10.8 mm Hg and 84.7 +/‐ 4.7 mm Hg, respectively. Relative to the control diet, the combination diet reduced blood pressure by 5.5 mm Hg and diastolic blood pressure by 3.0 mm Hg (P < .001). For those on the fruits and vegetables diet, blood pressure reductions relative to control were 2.8 mm Hg systolic (P < .001) and 1.1 mm Hg diastolic (P < .07). In 133 participants with hypertension, the combination diet produced a net blood pressure reduction of 11.4 and 5.5 mm Hg systolic and diastolic, respectively (P < .001). In participants without hypertension (n = 326), the corresponding blood pressure reductions were 3.5 mm Hg systolic (P < .001) and 2.1 mm Hg diastolic (P < .003). In other subgroup analyses, minorities showed relatively larger reductions in blood pressure than nonminorities (P < .001). We conclude that the dietary pattern reflected in the combination diet can substantially reduce blood pressure, and, accordingly, provides an additional lifestyle approach to preventing and treating hypertension.
Fat Taste Sensitivity Is Associated with Short-Term and Habitual Fat Intake$$$ Evidence suggests individuals less sensitive to fat taste (high fat taste thresholds (FTT)) may be overweight or obese and consume greater amounts of dietary fat than more sensitive individuals. The aims of this study were to assess associations between FTT, anthropometric measurements, fat intake, and liking of fatty foods. FTT was assessed in 69 Australian females (mean age 41.3 (15.6) (SD) years and mean body mass index 26.3 (5.7) kg/m²) by a 3‐alternate forced choice methodology and transformed to an ordinal scale (FT rank). Food liking was assessed by hedonic ratings of high‐fat and reduced‐fat foods, and a 24‐h food recall and food frequency questionnaire was completed. Linear mixed regression models were fitted. FT rank was associated with dietary % energy from fat ( β ^ = 0.110 [95% CI: 0.003, 0.216]), % energy from carbohydrate ( β ^ = ‐0.112 [‐0.188, ‐0.035]), and frequency of consumption of foods per day from food groups: high‐fat dairy ( β ^ = 1.091 [0.106, 2.242]), meat & meat alternatives ( β ^ = 0.669 [0.168, 1.170]), and grain & cereals ( β ^ = 0.771 [0.212, 1.329]) (adjusted for energy and age). There were no associations between FT rank and anthropometric measurements or hedonic ratings. Therefore, fat taste sensitivity appears to be associated with short‐term fat intake, but not body size in this group of females.
The effect of oral ingestion of casein protein versus whey protein on plasma amino acids, satiety and anorexigenic hormones after gastric bypass surgery$$$ INTERVENTION: During two study visits the subjects will receive 200mL lactase‐containing milk with either 15 g casein protein or 15 g whey protein as supplement in a blinded randomized order. CONDITION: 10043413 Obesitas $$$ fullness $$$ satiety PRIMARY OUTCOME: ‐ To assess and compare the net incremental area under the curve of $$$ satiety‐related plasma amino acids and derivatives (i.e. Alanine, Arginine, $$$ Asparagine, Glutamine, Glycine, Histidine, Lysine, Phenylalanine, Serine, $$$ Taurine, Threonine, *‐aminobutyric acid) in response to lactase‐containing milk $$$ supplemented with either casein or whey protein in a randomized controlled $$$ cross over study in subjects 12‐18 months after primary Roux‐en‐Y gastric $$$ bypass surgery. $$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: ‐ To assess and compare the effect of the ingestion of both protein supplements $$$ in lactase‐containing milk on plasma concentrations of all amino acids and $$$ derivatives, plasma concentrations of anorexigenic gastrointestinal hormones $$$ PYY and GLP‐1, satiety, hunger, dumping symptoms, heart rate, blood pressure, $$$ glucose metabolism and ad libitum food intake after completion of the test meal $$$ in a randomized controlled cross over study in subjects 12‐18 months after $$$ primary Roux‐en‐Y gastric bypass surgery. $$$ $$$ ‐ To assess the self‐reported dietary patterns, macronutrient consumption, $$$ energy intake, eating behaviour and physical activity measured by $$$ questionnaires in subjects 12‐18 months after primary Roux‐en‐Y gastric bypass $$$ surgery. $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: Female Gastric bypass surgery at age 18‐65 years Primary Roux‐en‐Y gastric bypass between 12 and 18 months ago
Effect of protein and methionine intakes on plasma homocysteine concentrations: a 6-mo randomized controlled trial in overweight subjects$$$ BACKGROUND: A high plasma homocysteine concentration is an independent risk factor for cardiovascular disease. Homocysteine concentrations are thought to be raised by high protein and methionine intakes. OBJECTIVE: Our goal was to investigate the effects of high and low protein and methionine intakes on homocysteine in overweight subjects. DESIGN: Sixty‐five overweight subjects were randomly assigned to a 6‐mo intervention with a low‐protein, low‐methionine diet (LP: 12% of total energy, 1.4 g methionine/d$$$ n = 25)$$$ a high‐protein, high‐methionine diet (HP: 22% of total energy, 2.7 g methionine/d$$$ n = 25), both of which had similar fat contents (30% of total energy)$$$ or a control diet with an intermediate protein content (n = 15). All food was self‐selected at a shop at the department. Protein intake was increased in the HP group mainly through lean meat and low‐fat dairy products. Dietary compliance was evaluated by urinary nitrogen excretion. RESULTS: Homocysteine concentrations did not change significantly in the LP or control groups but were 25% lower in the HP group (NS). Homocysteine concentrations after the 3‐mo intervention were inversely associated with vitamin B‐12 intake and with weight change (by multivariate analysis performed for all subjects), but not with methionine or protein intake. Sixty‐nine percent of the variation could be explained by baseline homocysteine (P < 0.001), 2% by vitamin B‐12 (P = 0.02), and another 2% by weight change (P = 0.06). The plasma homocysteine concentration after 6 mo was associated only with baseline homocysteine (P < 0.001). CONCLUSION: A high‐protein, high‐methionine diet does not raise homocysteine concentrations compared with a low‐protein, low‐methionine diet in overweight subjects.
to find the utility of parasikayavanyadi capsule in sleeplesness$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: PARASIKAYAVANYADI CAPSULE for ANIDRA W R S INSOMNIA: 500 MG EACH CAPSULE WITH MILK TOTALY 5 CAPSULE ONLY ONE DOSE BED TIME FOR ONE MONTH ONLY Control Intervention1: RUNNING ALLOPATHIC MEDICINE FOR SLEEPLESSNESS: 500 MG EACH CAPSULE WITH MILK TOTALLY 5 CAP ONE DOSE BED TIME WITH RUNNING ALLOPATHIC MEDICINE Control Intervention2: CONTROLLED PLACEBO: 500 MG STARCH CAPSULE 5 CAPSULE AT BED TIME WITH LEUKE WORM MILK FOR ONE MONTH PERIOD CONDITION: INSOMNIA PRIMARY OUTCOME: PITTSBURGH INSOMNIA RATING SCALE $$$ HAMILTONS ANXIETY RATING SCALE $$$ HAMILTON DEPRESSION RATING SCALE $$$ HOLEMS AND RAHES STRESS RATING SCALE $$$ S CORTISOL LEVEL ANALYSIS FOR DRUG EFFECT AS AN OBJECTIVE CRITIRIEA‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: EFFECT OF DRUG IS ASSED AFTER ONE MONTH SECONDARY OUTCOME: NIL‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: NIL INCLUSION CRITERIA: patients suffering from following type of disturbed sleep pattern Sleep onset insomnia Difficulty taking sleep at the beginning of the night Sleep maintenance insomnia Difficulty maintain the sleep Nocturnal awakenings Difficulty to retuning to sleep after awakening in the middle of the night or wakening early in the morning Rebound insomnia Patients who has developed dependence to sedatives Circadian rhythm disorders Sleeping pattern changes Patients having insomnia more than 2 weeks less than 6 months Patients of insomnia with mild hypertension mild depression and anxiety disorders without any complaints of any other major diseases
Lower insulin and incretin hormone response following a chilled-reheated starch meal in comparison with an identical freshly cooked meal$$$ Aims: It is recommended that approximately 50% of energy intake comes from carbohydrate (CHO), however many people avoid CHO because of its effects on blood glucose, with postprandial hyperglycaemia and reduced insulin sensitivity both associated with development of type 2 diabetes. The aim of this study was to compare the metabolic responses to consumption of a mashed potato meal, prepared either freshly cooked or chilled and reheated. Methods: Eleven healthy participants attended two study days in a randomised crossover design. On each they provided a fasted venous blood sample before consuming a portion of mashed potato (203 g potato, 25 g butter$$$ providing 36 g CHO, 20.6 g fat), freshly cooked on one occasion and chilled then reheated on the other. Further blood samples were taken for 6 h postprandially. Results: The reheated meal resulted in a 20 % reduction in the 0‐120 min insulin incremental area under the curve (IAUC) compared with the freshly cooked meal (p = 0.036) and a 23 % reduction in glucose‐dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP) 0‐120 min IAUC (p = 0.005). There were no differences between meals for glucose, c‐peptide or glucagon‐like peptide‐1 (GLP‐1). Conclusion: The reduced insulin response, with no corresponding change in glucose, suggests improved insulin sensitivity following the reheated meal, demonstrating that making simple changes to the way potato is prepared can have a beneficial effect on glucose control.
Acute metabolic response to high-carbohydrate, high-starch meals compared with moderate-carbohydrate, low-starch meals in subjects with type 2 diabetes$$$ OBJECTIVE: The monosaccharides resulting from the digestion of ingested carbohydrates are glucose, fructose, and galactose. Of these three monosaccharides, only ingested glucose resulted in a large increase in the plasma glucose concentration. Fructose (Metabolism 41:510‐517, 1992) and galactose (Metabolism 42:1560‐1567, 1993) had only a minor effect. Therefore, we were interested in determining whether we could design a mixed meal, using foods of known monosaccharide, disaccharide, and starch composition, the ingestion of which would result in only a small rise in plasma glucose concentration. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: The experimental meal was composed of very little readily digestible starch but rather large amounts of fruits and vegetables. It contained 43% carbohydrate, 22% protein, and 34% fat. The results were compared with a second type of meal that contained 55% carbohydrate, 15% protein, and 30% fat, with an emphasis on complex carbohydrates (starch). It also was compared with a third meal that contained 40% carbohydrate, 20% protein, and 40% fat, typical of that consumed by the average American. The test meals were ingested in random order by people with type 2 diabetes who were not treated with oral hypoglycemic agents or insulin. Each subject ingested each type of meal. The same identical meal was ingested at 0800, 1200, and 1700. RESULTS: The integrated 24‐h plasma glucose area response was statistically significantly smaller (P < 0.05) after ingestion of the low‐starch meals compared with the high‐starch, high‐carbohydrate meals or the typical American meals. The 24‐h integrated serum insulin area response also was statistically significantly less (P < 0.05) after ingestion of the low‐starch meals compared with the high‐starch meals or the typical American meals. The serum triglyceride area response was similar after ingestion of all three test diets. CONCLUSIONS: A diet in which fruits, nonstarch vegetables, and dairy products are emphasized may be useful for people with type 2 diabetes.
The effect of short-term proton pump inhibitor plus anti-ulcer drug on the healing of endoscopic submucosal dissection-derived artificial ulcer: a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background/Aims: Artificial ulcers remain a major complication after Endoscopic submucosal dissection (ESD). The development of more effective treatment regimen for this ulcer is required than the use of proton pump inhibitor (PPI) alone. Methodology: Patients with ESD‐derived artificial ulcers were randomly assigned to two groups: a group of patients who received rabeprazole 20 mg daily for 8 weeks (PPI group) and a group of patients who received a combination of rebamipide 300 mg daily for 8 weeks and rabeprazole 20mg dairy for the first 4 weeks (reb+PPI group). The area reduction ratio and healing status of ulcers were evaluated endoscopically on postoperative 7, 28 and 56 days. Results: The overall ulcer area reduction ratio was higher in the reb+PPI group than in the PPI group, especially at an early stage. The ratio of progression to the H1 stage in the reb+PPI group was significantly higher than that in the PPI group, especially at an early stage. Conclusions: Treatment with 8 weeks of rebamipide plus the first 4 weeks of PPI demonstrated a reduction ratio of artificial ulcers superior to that with 8 weeks of PPI mono‐therapy. This combination treatment is, therefore, one of the candidate treatment strategies against ESD‐derived artificial ulcers.
Evaluation of postprandial effect on blood glucose and insulin following different beverages in overweight subjects$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: A novel functional fermented beta‐glucan enriched oat bran/milk based drink : Once in three weeks. Duration is three weeks. Intervention2: Fermented milk based drink : Once in three weeks. Duration is three weeks. Control Intervention1: Water: Packaged Bottled Water. Once in three weeks. Duration is three weeks. CONDITION: None PRIMARY OUTCOME: Post prandial capillary blood glucose and serum Insulin‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 3 weeks SECONDARY OUTCOME: Subjective satiety and hunger data for each study occasion.‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 3 weeks INCLUSION CRITERIA: i. Non‐smoking, healthy, adult, human subjects between 18 and 55 years of age (both inclusive) living in and around Ahmedabad city or western part of India. ii. Having a Body Mass Index (BMI) between 25 and 30 (both inclusive), calculated as weight in kg/height in m2. iii. Not having significant diseases or clinically significant abnormal findings during screening, medical history, clinical examination, laboratory evaluations, 12 lead ECG, and chest X‐ray recordings (postero‐anterior view). iv. Able to understand and comply with the study procedures, in the opinion of the investigator. v. Able to give voluntary written informed consent for participation in the trial. vi. In case of female subjects: â?¢ Surgically sterilized at least 6 months prior to study participation$$$ Or â?¢ If of child bearing potential is willing to use a suitable and effective double barrier contraceptive met
Randomized double-blind study of the Reliefband as an adjunct to standard antiemetics in patients receiving moderately-high to highly emetogenic chemotherapy$$$ GOALS: Our goal was to evaluate the efficacy and tolerability of the Reliefband as an adjunct to standard antiemetics in patients receiving moderately‐high to highly emetogenic chemotherapy. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Forty‐nine adult cancer patients receiving moderately‐high or highly emetogenic chemotherapy were randomized to receive either the active Reliefband ( n=26) or an inactive device ( n=23). Patients continued to receive all scheduled and as needed antiemetic agents as prescribed. The device was worn the day of chemotherapy administration for 5 days (days 1‐5). Patients maintained a daily dairy of nausea severity, vomiting and retching episodes, and antiemetic medications taken. Each patient completed a Functional Living Index Emesis (FLIE) and a tolerability survey at the conclusion of the study. A Wilcoxon rank sum test was used to compare the number of vomiting episodes, severity of nausea and FLIE scores between the two groups. MAIN RESULTS: Patients wearing the active Relifband experienced less vomiting (Reliefband 1.9 versus inactive device 4.6 mean episodes$$$ p=0.05), retching (1.4 versus 3.6 mean episodes$$$ p=0.05), and nausea severity (0.91 versus 1.65 mean cm/day$$$ p=0.01) over the 5‐day period compared to patients wearing the inactive device. Vomiting was statistically significantly reduced during the delayed period (0.42 versus 1$$$ p=0.032), whereas nausea was significantly reduced during the acute (0.71 versus 2.3$$$ p=0.028) and delayed (1.8 versus 3.3$$$ p=0.020) periods. FLIE scores did not differ between the two treatment groups (91 versus 80$$$ p=0.088). CONCLUSIONS: This study suggests that patients receiving moderately‐high to highly emetogenic chemotherapy who experience nausea and vomiting despite scheduled antiemetics may benefit from the use of the Reliefband as an adjunct to antiemetics. Limitations of this study include differences in risk factors for emesis, chemotherapy, and antiemetic regimens. A larger, better, controlled randomized study is needed to better define optimal use of this device.
The feasibility of the Prostate cancer: evidence of Exercise and Nutrition Trial (PrEvENT) dietary and physical activity modifications: a qualitative study$$$ BACKGROUND: There is increasing evidence that low levels of physical activity and diets low in fruit and vegetables and high in meat and dairy products are risk factors for prostate cancer disease progression. The Prostate cancer: Evidence of Exercise and Nutrition Trial (PrEvENT) aimed to assess a diet and physical activity intervention in men undergoing radical prostatectomy for localized prostate cancer. The trial included a qualitative component to explore the experiences of men participating in the trial in order to understand the acceptability of the intervention and data collection methods. We report the qualitative findings of the trial and consider how these can be used to inform future research. METHODS: PrEvENT involved randomizing men to either a dietary and/or physical activity intervention. Semi‐structured interviews were conducted with a purposive sample of 17 men on completion of the 6 month trial. Interviews took place in clinic or as telephone interviews, if requested by the participant, and were audio recorded, transcribed, and analyzed using the thematic‐based framework approach. Analysis was conducted throughout the data collection process to allow emergent themes to be further explored in subsequent interviews. RESULTS: Three overarching themes were identified: acceptability of the intervention, acceptability of the data collection methods and trial logistics. Participants were predominantly positive about both the dietary and physical activity interventions and most men found the methods of data collection appropriate. Recommendations for future trials include consideration of alternative physical activity options, such as cycling or gym sessions, increased information on portion sizes, the potential importance of including wives or partners in the dietary change process and the possibility of using the pedometer or other wearable technology as part of the physical activity intervention. CONCLUSIONS: We provide insight into the opinions and experiences of the acceptability of the PrEvENT diet and physical activity intervention from the participants themselves. The interventions delivered were acceptable to this sample of participants, as were the data collection methods utilized. We also highlight some considerations for further behavioural change interventions in prostate cancer and other similar populations. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ISRCTN, ISRCTN99048944 . Registered on 17 November 2014.
Whey protein lowers blood pressure and improves endothelial function and lipid biomarkers in adults with prehypertension and mild hypertension: results from the chronic Whey2Go randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) are the greatest cause of death globally, and their reduction is a key public‐health target. High blood pressure (BP) affects 1 in 3 people in the United Kingdom, and previous studies have shown that milk consumption is associated with lower BP. OBJECTIVE: We investigated whether intact milk proteins lower 24‐h ambulatory blood pressure (AMBP) and other risk markers of CVD. DESIGN: The trial was a double‐blinded, randomized, 3‐way‐crossover, controlled intervention study. Forty‐two participants were randomly assigned to consume 2 × 28 g whey protein/d, 2 × 28 g Ca caseinate/d, or 2 × 27 g maltodextrin (control)/d for 8 wk separated by a 4‐wk washout. The effects of these interventions were examined with the use of a linear mixed‐model ANOVA. RESULTS: Thirty‐eight participants completed the study. Significant reductions in 24‐h BP [for systolic blood pressure (SBP): ‐3.9 mm Hg$$$ for diastolic blood pressure (DBP): ‐2.5 mm Hg$$$ P = 0.050 for both)] were observed after whey‐protein consumption compared with control intake. After whey‐protein supplementation compared with control intake, peripheral and central systolic pressures [‐5.7 mm Hg (P = 0.007) and ‐5.4 mm Hg (P = 0.012), respectively] and mean pressures [‐3.7 mm Hg (P = 0.025) and ‐4.0 mm Hg (P = 0.019), respectively] were also lowered. Flow‐mediated dilation (FMD) increased significantly after both whey‐protein and calcium‐caseinate intakes compared with control intake [1.31% (P < 0.001) and 0.83% (P = 0.003), respectively]. Although both whey protein and calcium caseinate significantly lowered total cholesterol [‐0.26 mmol/L (P = 0.013) and ‐0.20 mmol/L (P = 0.042), respectively], only whey protein decreased triacylglycerol (‐0.23 mmol/L$$$ P = 0.025) compared with the effect of the control. Soluble intercellular adhesion molecule 1 and soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule 1 were reduced after whey protein consumption (P = 0.011) and after calcium‐caseinate consumption (P = 0.039), respectively, compared with after control intake. CONCLUSIONS: The consumption of unhydrolyzed milk proteins (56 g/d) for 8 wk improved vascular reactivity, biomarkers of endothelial function, and lipid risk factors. Whey‐protein supplementation also lowered 24‐h ambulatory SBP and DBP. These results may have important implications for public health. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02090842.
A study to assess the effectiveness of "Nurse led brief intervention for post-operative patients with intracranial tumor and their caregiver" on behavioral symptoms of patients and distress among caregivers in Neurosurgery units PGIMER Chandigarh$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Nurse led brief intervention "How to take care of patients after brain tumor surgery" : Nurse provides the brief intervention After the surgery of brain tumour, the patient remain on bed, he or she has to suffer from fatigue, anxiety, difficulty in eating, and other behavioural problems. Patientâ??s caregiver stays always with them all the time to help them. Read about how to care for the patient at home Formulate structured environment Activity planning and scheduling: Help the patient in daily activities. Slowly reduce the aid and allow the patient to do it yourself. Allow the patient to do one thing at a time and spend more time for it. Give the patient dairy to maintain his/her daily work such as medication, drinking water, bathing and brushing. If there is difficulty in walking patient can use a bed pan on the bed. Make the tasks that are difficult to deal with, making them easier by sharing them with small tasks, which can be done easily by patients. If the patient is capable of doing very little work, then the patient should wear the clothes himself and allow him to eat food on the table or on the kitchen, folding clothes etc. Put the things in fixed place like hanging keys, the calendar, mobile, clothes etc., tell the patient or paste pictures. Help with bathing. Control Intervention1: Control group: It will receive routine care and no intervention CONDITION: Post operative intracranial tumor PRIMARY OUTCOME: behaviour symptoms of patients $$$ distress among caregivers‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: June 2018 SECONDARY OUTCOME: nil‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: nil INCLUSION CRITERIA: Post operative patients with intracranial tumor Verbel response 4 or 5 GCS 14 or 15
Effect of Green Banana Biomass on Overweight men and women’s health$$$ INTERVENTION: This is a 12‐week, two‐arm, double‐blind, randomized controlled clinical study. Biomass Experimental Group: 42 overweight or obese men and women will receive a breakfast flavored milk drink containing 40 grams of green banana biomass (200 milliliters) and cookies. Control Group: 42 overweight or obese men and women will receive a breakfast flavored milk drink containing 40 grams of ripe bananas (200 milliliters) and cookies. Participants will be randomly allocated to groups (simple randomization method, considering gender). Randomization and randomization sequence blinding will be performed by a researcher not involved in data collection and analysis. Only the team responsible for preparing breakfast (undergraduate nutrition students) will be aware of the randomization sequence. Similar in appearance and odor drinks will be offered in colorful glasses, unidentified by group. Test meals will be consumed daily in the laboratory for twelve consecutive weeks, with participants fasting. In addition, an individualized meal plan with a restriction of 500 kilocalories per day will be provided to be consumed under free‐living conditions CONDITION: Obesity PRIMARY OUTCOME: It is expected to see an improvement in intestinal health, verified by genetic sequencing$$$ reduction in fecal short‐chain fatty acids concentration, verified by high‐performance liquid chromatography$$$ reduction in intestinal permeability, verified by enzyme‐linked immunosorbent assays, after consuming green banana biomass for 12 weeks It is expected to verify a 7 percent reduction in the participants&apos$$$ body weight, assessed using an anthropometric scale, after consuming green banana biomass for 12 weeks SECONDARY OUTCOME: It is expected a 15 percent improvement in plasma concentrations of inflammatory cytokines, assessed by flow cytometry, after consumption of green banana biomass for 12 weeks It is expected a 30 percent reduction in serum concentrations of advanced glycation end products, verified by commercial immunoenzymatic assay kits, after consumption of green banana biomass for 12 weeks INCLUSION CRITERIA: Men and women$$$ between 20 and 40 years old$$$ body mass inde Xbetween 25 and 34.9 kilograms per meter squared$$$ body fat percentage above 30$$$ food inhibition/disinhibition level less than or equal to 14$$$ weight loss of less than 3 kilograms in the last 12 weeks$$$ level of physical activity stable between irregularly active and active$$$ who consume breakfast regularly
Bottle-weaning intervention and toddler overweight$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate 3 research questions: (1) Does a Women, Infants, and Children (WIC)‐based counseling intervention reduce (milk) bottle use?$$$ (2) Does this intervention reduce energy intake from bottles?$$$ and (3) Does this intervention reduce the risk of a child being >85th percentile weight‐for‐length? STUDY DESIGN: Parents of n = 300 12‐month‐olds consuming >2 bottles/d were randomized to a bottle‐weaning intervention or control group. Nutritionists at WIC Supplemental Feeding Program sites delivered the intervention. Researchers assessed dietary intake and beverage container use via computer‐guided 24‐hour recalls, and anthropometrics at 15, 18, 21, and 24 months old. Intent‐to‐treat analyses controlled for baseline measures of outcomes and months post‐baseline. RESULTS: At 1 year follow‐up, the intervention group had reduced use of any bottles (OR = 0.23, 95% CI = 0.08‐0.61), calories from milk bottles (OR = 0.36, 95% CI = 0.18‐0.74), and total calories (β = ‐1.15, P = .043), but did not differ from controls in risk of overweight status (ie, >85th percentile weight‐for‐length (OR = 1.02, 95% CI = 0.5‐2.0). The intervention group's decreased bottle usage at 15 and 18 months was paralleled by increased "sippy cup" usage. CONCLUSION: A brief intervention, during WIC routine care, reduced early childhood risk factors for overweight‐bottle use and energy intake‐‐but not risk of overweight. The intervention group's increased use of sippy cups may have attenuated an intervention effect upon risk of overweight. Toddlers consume a high proportion of their calories as liquid. Parents should be counseled about excess intake from bottles and sippy cups. WIC is an ideal setting for such interventions.
Glucose-Lowering Medications and Angina Burden in Patients with Stable Coronary Disease: results from the Type 2 Diabetes Evaluation of Ranolazine in Subjects With Chronic Stable Angina (TERISA) Trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Different classes of glucose‐lowering medications have been associated with varying risks of myocardial infarction and cardiovascular death, but their effect on angina is unknown. Therefore, we sought to determine the association of different glucose‐lowering medication classes with angina frequency and nitroglycerin (NTG) use. METHODS: We performed a secondary, observational analysis of the TERISA multinational trial, which evaluated the antianginal effect of ranolazine versus placebo in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, documented coronary disease, and a 3‐month history of stable angina. Patients recorded angina and NTG use in a daily dairy for 3 weeks prior to randomization, to establish their baseline angina burden for the trial. We then examined the association of different glucose‐lowering medication classes with baseline angina and NTG use using multivariable linear regression. RESULTS: Among 952 patients enrolled, 494 were taking metformin, 504 taking a sulfonylurea, 186 taking insulin, 29 taking DPP‐4 inhibitors, 22 taking other glucose‐lowering medications, and 68 were diet‐controlled only. After adjustment for demographic and clinical factors, patients taking versus not taking sulfonylureas had 1.02 more episodes of angina and used 0.93 more doses of NTG per week (P = .002 and .011, respectively). The weekly angina burden or NTG use was not different for those taking versus not taking metformin (P > .7 for both). Patients taking versus not taking insulin had 0.83 more episodes of angina and used 1.40 more NTG doses per week, increases evident only in those taking insulin without concomitant metformin (Pinteraction < .05 for both). CONCLUSION: Different classes of glucose‐lowering medications were associated with varying angina burden in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and stable coronary disease. Patients taking sulfonylureas or insulin had more angina and used more NTG, while metformin was not associated with angina burden. Given the increasing prevalence of glucose abnormalities in patients with coronary disease, a better understanding of the relationship between glucose‐lowering medications and angina is needed.
Soy protein containing isoflavones and mammographic density in a randomized controlled trial in postmenopausal women$$$ BACKGROUND: The relatively high dietary intake of soy in Asian countries has been hypothesized to, at least partly, explain the lower breast cancer incidence patterns in these countries compared with the Western world. The aim of the present study was to determine the effect of daily soy supplementation on mammographic density, one of the strongest known risk factors for breast cancer. METHODS: A double‐blind, randomized, controlled trial was conducted to compare the effects of soy protein intake containing 99 mg isoflavones daily with intake of milk protein (placebo) for the duration of 1 year. Two hundred and two Dutch postmenopausal women ages 60 to 75 years were randomized. Mammographic density was assessed using a quantitative computer‐assisted method on digitized mammograms. Equol producer status was assessed in plasma provided at the final visit (soy group) or after a 3‐day challenge with soy after the trial was finished (placebo group). RESULTS: A total of 175 women completed the baseline visits and at least one follow‐up visit and were included in the intention‐to‐treat analyses. For 126 women, both pre‐ and post‐trial mammograms were available. Mammographic density decreased in both study arms, but the decrease did not differ significantly between intervention and placebo groups. Equol producer status did not modify the results. CONCLUSION: The results of this trial do not support the hypothesis that a diet high in soy protein among postmenopausal women decreases mammographic density.
Transient human anti-mouse antibodies (HAMA) interference in CA 125 measurements during monitoring of ovarian cancer patients treated with murine monoclonal antibody$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the influence of human anti‐mouse antibodies (HAMA) on serial CA 125 measurements in serum of patients with epithelial ovarian cancer following single intraperitoneal (IP) therapy with Yttrium‐90‐labeled human milk fat globule 1 murine monoclonal antibody ((90)Y‐muHMFG1) as part of a large international randomized phase III trial. METHODS: We monitored CA 125 concentrations in longitudinally collected serum samples from 224 patients after IP (90)Y‐muHMFG1 (study group) and from 223 patients who received standard treatment (control group). Serum samples of 22 study patients with increased CA 125 concentrations were selected and subjected to affinity chromatography to study HAMA interference in CA 125 measurements. RESULTS: CA 125 serum concentrations at weeks 1, 4 and 8 were significantly higher in the study group than in the control group. In the first 8 weeks after IP (90)Y‐muHMFG1 administration significantly more patients of the study group (144/224) demonstrated CA 125 concentrations above the upper limit of normal of 23 U/mL, as compared to those of the control group (37/223). Affinity chromatography of serum with high CA 125 values in the first 8 weeks confirmed HAMA interference in CA 125 measurements while after 24 weeks this HAMA interference could no longer be detected. CONCLUSIONS: This is the first study to demonstrate that clinical trials applying murine monoclonal antibodies may be flawed by a transient HAMA effect, which should be considered when monitoring ovarian cancer patients with CA 125 measurements.
Effect of orally administered bovine lactoferrin on the growth of adenomatous colorectal polyps in a randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial$$$ Lactoferrin (LF), a secreted, iron binding glycoprotein originally discovered as a component of milk, is found in a variety of exocrine secretions and in the secondary granules of polymorphonuclear leukocytes. Animal experiments have shown that oral administration of bovine lactoferrin (bLF) exerts anticarcinogenesis effects in the colon and other organs of the rat. The aim of this study was to determine whether oral bLF could inhibit the growth of adenomatous colorectal polyps in human patients. A randomized, double‐blind, controlled trial was conducted in 104 participants, ages 40 to 75 years, with polyps <or=5 mm in diameter and likely to be adenomas. Participants were assigned to receive placebo, 1.5‐g bLF, or 3.0‐g bLF daily for 12 months. Target adenomatous polyps were monitored by colonoscopy. Ingestion of 3.0‐g bLF significantly retarded adenomatous polyp growth in participants 63 years old or younger. Removal of adenomatous colorectal polyps is done as a preventative measure against colorectal cancer$$$ however, polyps can be overlooked, and when detected, polypectomy is not always 100% effective in eradicating a polyp. Our study suggests that daily intake of 3.0 g of bLF could be a clinically beneficial adjunct to colorectal polyp extraction.
Frequency of soy food consumption and serum isoflavone concentrations among Chinese women in Shanghai$$$ Objective: The food‐frequency questionnaire (FFQ) can be an efficient tool to evaluate dietary intake in large, population‐based studies, especially for specific foods. The objective of this study was to validate the assessment of soy and isoflavone (daidzein and genistein) intakes, measured by an FFQ, by comparing intakes with serum isoflavone concentrations. Design and setting: Soy and isoflavone intakes and serum isoflavone concentrations were determined as part of a case‐control study of dietary factors and risks of benign breast disease and breast cancer. The FFQ, administered during an in‐person interview, included six soy‐specific line items. Blood was drawn within one week of FFQ completion. Subjects: In total, 1823 women living in Shanghai, People's Republic of China. Results: In this population, soybean milk, fresh bean curd and other bean foods were eaten once per week, and fermented bean curd, fried bean curd puff and soybeans were eaten less than once per week. A significant linear trend (P < 0.01) in serum isoflavone concentrations across increasing categories of soy and isoflavone intakes was observed, indicating that soy and isoflavone intakes, measured by the FFQ, well distinguished serum isoflavone concentrations. Linear trends were also observed in both case and control groups in stratified analyses, suggesting little differential bias by case‐control status. Conclusions: The results suggest that the FFQ provides a useful marker of soy food consumption and isoflavone exposure in this population.
Isoflavone-rich soy protein isolate suppresses androgen receptor expression without altering estrogen receptor-beta expression or serum hormonal profiles in men at high risk of prostate cancer$$$ The purpose of this study was to determine the effects of soy protein isolate consumption on circulating hormone profiles and hormone receptor expression patterns in men at high risk for developing advanced prostate cancer. Fifty‐eight men were randomly assigned to consume 1 of 3 protein isolates containing 40 g/d protein: 1) soy protein isolate (SPI+) (107 mg/d isoflavones)$$$ 2) alcohol‐washed soy protein isolate (SPI‐) (<6 mg/d isoflavones)$$$ or 3) milk protein isolate (0 mg/d isoflavones). For 6 mo, the men consumed the protein isolates in divided doses twice daily as a partial meal replacement. Serum samples collected at 0, 3, and 6 mo were analyzed for circulating estradiol, estrone, sex hormone‐binding globulin, androstenedione, androstanediol glucuronide, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate, dihydrotestosterone, testosterone, and free testosterone concentrations by RIA. Prostate biopsy samples obtained pre‐ and postintervention were analyzed for androgen receptor (AR) and estrogen receptor‐beta expression by immunohistochemistry. At 6 mo, consumption of SPI+ significantly suppressed AR expression but did not alter estrogen receptor‐beta expression or circulating hormones. Consumption of SPI‐ significantly increased estradiol and androstenedione concentrations, and tended to suppress AR expression (P = 0.09). Although the effects of SPI‐ consumption on estradiol and androstenedione are difficult to interpret and the clinical relevance is uncertain, these data show that AR expression in the prostate is suppressed by soy protein isolate consumption, which may be beneficial in preventing prostate cancer.
Identification of taste changes and nutritional implications in cancer patients$$$ INTERVENTION: Feeding Intervention in the experimental and control groups: tasting 3 food samples of sweet, sour, salty and bitter flavors, in the amount of 3 grams or 3 milliliters. Application of a Likert scale to assess the intensity of taste perception. Between tastings, patients will receive water to minimize interferences in taste perception. 50 individuals will participate in the experimental and control group, resulting in a total sample of 100 people. This is a cross‐sectional study and the procedures will be performed only once. Other CONDITION: Drug Therapy, Combination Dysgeusia Dysgeusia$$$ Neoplasms$$$ Drug Therapy, Combination $$$ Dysgeusia $$$ Neoplasms $$$ Drug Therapy, Combination Neoplasms PRIMARY OUTCOME: More pronounced perception of the sweet taste of sweet milk foods (4.48 Â± 1.0 vs. 3.78 Â± 0.9$$$ p <0.05) and guava (4.10 Â± 1.0 vs. 3.52 Â± 0.9$$$ p <0.01) by the group of cancer patients, verified by the application of Student's t test. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Absence of difference in the perception of the sweet taste of foods in this category by cancer patients, through the application of the ANOVA test (p> 0.05). INCLUSION CRITERIA: Age equal to or greater than 18 years$$$ being on cancer treatment$$$ ability to eat orally$$$ express interest in participating in the research by signing the Free and Informed Consent Form.
Relation of environmental tobacco smoke to diet and health habits: variations according to the site of exposure$$$ It has been postulated that the relationship of environmental tobacco smoke (ETS) exposure to cancer or cardiovascular diseases may be confounded by social class or diet because women exposed to ETS by their smoker spouse belong to lower social classes and have an unhealthy diet. In a population survey in Geneva, Switzerland, 914 female never‐smokers were interviewed about sociodemographic factors, health habits including a semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire, and exposure to ETS according to the site (home, work, leisure). Compared to women unexposed to ETS, those exposed to ETS at work ate less fibers, cereals, vegetables, lean meat, had a lower intake of iron and beta‐carotene, and had a lower total energy intake$$$ women exposed during leisure time ate less cereals, drank less skim milk, and had a lower intake of complex carbohydrates. But the diet of women exposed at home did not differ from the diet of those unexposed to ETS. Thus, "living with a smoker" in Geneva does not necessarily imply adopting his health and dietary habits. We conclude that confounding factors of the association of ETS and disease vary according to site and populations and therefore should not be invoked as a systematic source of bias in all studies.
Lack of an effect of high dose isoflavones in men with prostate cancer undergoing androgen deprivation therapy$$$ PURPOSE: The profound hypogonadism due to androgen deprivation therapy for prostate cancer results in complications such as sexual dysfunction, poor quality of life, vasomotor symptoms and altered cognition. Since estrogen is associated with cardiovascular risks, phytoestrogens are being increasingly evaluated as a potential treatment for these adverse effects. We evaluated the effects of high dose isoflavones, equivalent to that consumed by Asian populations, on the aforementioned consequences of androgen deprivation therapy. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A total of 33 men undergoing androgen deprivation therapy for prostate cancer were enrolled in this randomized, double‐blind, placebo controlled, 12‐week pilot trial. Participants were randomly assigned to receive 20 gm soy protein containing 160 mg total isoflavones (17) vs taste matched placebo, that is 20 gm whole milk protein (16). The study was performed at a tertiary care center in the United States. RESULTS: At baseline the groups were well matched in demographic parameters, sleep quality, cognition and overall quality of life. However, men in the isoflavone group had a higher baseline prevalence of hot flashes and poor intercourse satisfaction compared to those on placebo. At 12 weeks there were no significant differences between the 2 groups in any outcome measure. CONCLUSIONS: This pilot study of high dose isoflavones in androgen deprived men showed no significant improvement in cognition, vasomotor symptoms or any other aspect of quality of life measures compared to placebo. Future studies should use variable doses of isoflavones for a longer period before ruling out beneficial isoflavone effects in this population.
Effect of Oral Silymarin Administration on Prevention of Radiotherapy Induced Mucositis: a Randomized, Double-Blinded, Placebo-Controlled Clinical Trial$$$ Mucositis is a frequent severe complication of radiation therapy in patient with head and neck cancer. Silymarin is a polyphenolic flavonoid extracted from the milk thistle that exhibits strong antioxidant and antiinflammatory activities. In this study, we evaluate silymarin efficacy in prevention of radiotherapy induced mucositis in patients with head and neck cancer, as the first human study. During this pilot, randomized, double‐blinded, placebo‐controlled clinical trial, the effect of oral silymarin 420 mg daily in three divided doses starting at the first day of radiotherapy for 6 weeks, on oral mucositis occurrence was assessed. Twenty‐seven patients fulfilled the inclusion criteria assigned to the silymarin or placebo group. World Health Organization and National Cancer Institute‐Common Terminology Criteria oral mucositis grading scale scores were recorded at baseline and weekly during these 6 weeks. The median World Health Organization and National Cancer Institute Common Terminology Criteria scores were significantly lower in silymarin group at the end of the first to sixth week (p < 0.05). The scores increased significantly in both placebo and silymarin groups during radiotherapy, but there was a delay for mucositis development and progression in silymarin group. Prophylactic administration of conventional form of silymarin tablets could significantly reduce the severity of radiotherapy induced mucositis and delay its occurrence in patients with head and neck cancer. Copyright © 2016 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Effects of a casein hydrolysate versus intact casein on gastric emptying and amino acid responses$$$ PURPOSE: Milk proteins and/or their hydrolysates have been reported to have beneficial effects for improving postprandial glycaemia. Gastric emptying is a major determinant of postprandial glycaemia, yet limited studies have examined the effects of intact milk proteins compared to hydrolysates on gastric emptying. We investigated gastric emptying of a casein hydrolysate compared to intact casein. METHODS: Nine overweight and obese adults (mean ± SD age: 59.5 ± 6.5 years and BMI 28.4 ± 2.6 kg/m2) were studied in a randomised crossover design. Gastric emptying was assessed by paracetamol absorption test, with HPLC‐MS being used for determining paracetamol and its primary metabolites in plasma. Glucose, insulin and amino acid responses were also assessed. RESULTS: Linear mixed model analysis showed no effect of treatment [F(1, 55) = 2.1, P = 0.16] or treatment × time interactions [F(6, 54) = 1.5, P = 0.21] for paracetamol concentrations. In addition, there were no significant differences between the intact casein and hydrolysate for any of the gastric emptying outcome measures (Cmax, AUC0‐30min, AUC0‐60min$$$ AUC0‐240min). However, insulin was increased in the early postprandial period (iAUC0‐15min, iAUC0‐30min$$$P < 0.05) and there was a treatment effect for glucose [F(1, 53) = 5.3, P = 0.03] following the casein hydrolysate compared to intact casein. No significant differences in amino acids were found between the two conditions. CONCLUSIONS: Gastric emptying of a casein hydrolysate compared to intact casein does not differ. Mechanisms other than gastric emptying, for example the presence of a bioactive peptide sequence, may contribute to the glycaemic management effects of certain milk protein hydrolysates and warrant further investigation.
comparison of parrys organic spirulina (high phycocyanin content 20-25%) with low phycocyanin spirulina (phycocyanin content10-15%)in overweight individual and to assess liver health benefit$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Parry Organic spirulina with 20 to 24% phycocyanin: 1g tablet morning and at night for 6 months Control Intervention1: Spirulina with lower content of phycocyanin and spirulina with higher phycocyanin content: 1g tablets twice daily for 6 months CONDITION: Overweight individuals with fatty liver PRIMARY OUTCOME: Change in metabolic reactive oxidative stress markers 1.TNFalpha 2.Malondialdehyde 3.serum IL‐6 4.Adiponectin‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: baseline 3 months 6 months SECONDARY OUTCOME: Efficacy of spirulina containing higher phycocyanin in fatty liver volunteers‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Baseline 3months 6 months INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion Criteria Volunteers shall meet all of the following inclusion criteria to be eligible for participation in this study: 1.Male and female patients of age greater than 18 and less than 65 years shall be selected. 2.BMI greater than or equal to 25 kg/m2 or Waist circumference for male greater than 90cm & female greater than 80 cm 3.Subjects fasting blood glucose level less than 120mg/dl. 4.Subjects Blood Pressure should be between 110‐139/70‐89mm hg with or without treatment. 5.Triglyceride greater than 150mg/dl. 6.Ultrasound finding showing fatty liver 7.Adult patients willing to give informed consent. 8.Subject must be available for and willing to attend all evaluation visits. 9.Subject must have access to telephone for calling into the clinical center as part of test product compliance or be willing and able to fill in a daily dairy for clinical
Effect of a vegetable-oil emulsion on body composition$$$ a 12-week study in overweight women on a meal replacement therapy after an initial weight loss: a randomized controlled trial$$$ PURPOSE: The maintenance of an obtained lower weight level is often found to be difficult. The aim of this study was to determine weight maintenance after an initial weight loss by consumption of a meal replacement with a vegetable‐oil emulsion associated with prolonged satiety. METHODS: After a 6‐week weight loss period with very low calorie diet (VLCD), subjects with >5% body weight (BW) loss were randomized to a 12‐week weight maintenance follow‐up period, comparing a partial meal replacement diet containing a vegetable‐oil emulsion (test) or dairy fat (control). Anthropometric data and safety variables were collected at baseline and after 4, 8 and 12 weeks. RESULTS: A significant weight loss was observed during the 12‐week weight maintenance diet in the test and control group, respectively$$$ 1.0 ± 2.1 kg (p < 0.05) versus 1.3 ± 2.1 kg (p < 0.05) with no significant difference between the groups. Body fat mass (BFM) decreased significantly (p < 0.05) in the test group (‐‐1.7%) compared to the control group (‐‐0.8%). CONCLUSIONS: Addition of a vegetable‐oil emulsion to a meal replacement weight maintenance program after an initial weight loss using VLCD was associated with decreased BFM by 0.9% without any change in BW between the two groups.
Effects of dynamic nutrition support on energy metabolism, immune function and stress response after oral and maxillofacial tumor surgery$$$ PURPOSE: To observe the effect of dynamic nutrition support on postoperative energy metabolism, immune function and stress response in patients with oral and maxillofacial tumors. METHODS: Fifty‐six patients with oral and maxillofacial tumor surgery were randomly divided into experimental group and control group (28 in each group). Patients in the experimental group received dynamic enteral and parenteral nutrition support according to the stress period after surgery, ω‐3 fish oil fat milk injection and glutamine were added in the nutrition support program. Patients in the control group were given routine postoperative enteral and parenteral camp support. Energy metabolism, immune function and stress indexes were detected 1 day before surgery, 2 days after surgery and 7 days after surgery, respectively. SPSS 19.0 software package was used to analyze the data. RESULTS: Energy metabolism indexes in the experimental group were higher than the control group on day 2 after PA surgery and day 7 after ALB and PA surgery, while energy metabolism indexes in the experimental group were lower than the control group on day 2 and day 7 after FPG and TG surgery with significant difference(P<0.05). The levels of IgA, IgG, IgM, CD3+, CD4+ and CD4+/CD8+ in the experimental group were higher than those in the control group 7 days after surgery, with significant differences (P<0.05). The levels of CRP, TNF‐ and IL‐6 in the experimental group were lower than those in the control group 7 days after surgery, and the difference was significant(P<0.05). There was no significant difference in postoperative complications between the two groups. CONCLUSIONS: Dynamic nutrition support can improve postoperative energy metabolism of patients with oral and maxillofacial tumors, improve immune function, and alleviate stress response.
Adopting a Mediterranean-Style Eating Pattern with Different Amounts of Lean Unprocessed Red Meat Does Not Influence Short-Term Subjective Personal Well-Being in Adults with Overweight or Obesity$$$ Background: Reducing red meat intake is commonly recommended. Limited observational studies suggest that healthy eating patterns with red meat are associated with improved quality of life. Objective: The secondary objectives of this randomized crossover controlled‐feeding trial were to assess the effects of following a Mediterranean‐style eating pattern (Med‐Pattern) with different amounts of red meat on indexes of personal well‐being (i.e., perceived quality of life, mood, and sleep) in overweight or obese adults. We hypothesized that following a Med‐Pattern would improve these outcomes, independent of red meat intake amount. Methods: Forty‐one participants [aged 46 ± 2 y$$$ body mass index (kg/m2): 30.5 ± 0.6$$$ n = 28 women, n = 13 men) were provided Med‐Pattern foods for two 5‐wk periods separated by 4 wk of self‐selected eating. The Med‐Red Pattern contained ∼500 g/wk (typical US intake), and the Med‐Control Pattern contained ∼200 g/wk (commonly recommended intake in heart‐healthy eating patterns) of lean, unprocessed beef or pork compensated with mainly poultry and dairy. Baseline and postintervention outcomes measured were perceived quality of life via the MOS 36‐Item Short‐Form Health Survey, version 2 (SF‐36v2), daily mood states via the Profile of Mood States (POMS), sleep perceptions via the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index, and sleep patterns via actigraphy. Data were analyzed via a doubly repeated‐measures ANOVA adjusted for age, sex, and body mass at each time point. Results: Following a Med‐Pattern did not change domains of physical health, mental health, total mood disturbances, sleep perceptions, and sleep patterns but improved subdomains of physical health role limitations (SF‐36v2: 93.6‐96.7%$$$ P = 0.038), vitality (SF‐36v2: 57.9‐63.0%$$$ P = 0.020), and fatigue (POMS: 2.9‐2.5 arbitrary units$$$ P = 0.039). There were no differences between the Med‐Red and Med‐Control Patterns (time × pattern, P‐interaction > 0.05). Conclusion: Following a Med‐Pattern, independent of lean, unprocessed red meat intake, may not be an effective short‐term strategy to meaningfully improve indexes of personal well‐being in adults who are overweight or obese. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02573129.
Geographic and socioeconomic diversity of food and nutrient intakes: a comparison of four European countries$$$ Purpose: Public health policies and actions increasingly acknowledge the climate burden of food consumption. The aim of this study is to describe dietary intakes across four European countries, as baseline for further research towards healthier and environmentally‐friendlier diets for Europe. Methods: Individual‐level dietary intake data in adults were obtained from nationally‐representative surveys from Denmark and France using a 7‐day diet record, Italy using a 3‐day diet record, and Czech Republic using two replicates of a 24‐h recall. Energy‐standardised food and nutrient intakes were calculated for each subject from the mean of two randomly selected days. Results: There was clear geographical variability, with a between‐country range for mean fruit intake from 118 to 199 g/day, for vegetables from 95 to 239 g/day, for fish from 12 to 45 g/day, for dairy from 129 to 302 g/day, for sweet beverages from 48 to 224 ml/day, and for alcohol from 8 to 15 g/day, with higher intakes in Italy for fruit, vegetables and fish, and in Denmark for dairy, sweet beverages and alcohol. In all countries, intakes were low for legumes (< 20 g/day), and nuts and seeds (< 5 g/day), but high for red and processed meat (> 80 g/day). Within countries, food intakes also varied by socio‐economic factors such as age, gender, and educational level, but less pronounced by anthropometric factors such as overweight status. For nutrients, intakes were low for dietary fibre (15.8–19.4 g/day) and vitamin D (2.4–3.0 µg/day) in all countries, for potassium (2288–2938 mg/day) and magnesium (268–285 mg/day) except in Denmark, for vitamin E in Denmark (6.7 mg/day), and for folate in Czech Republic (212 µg/day). Conclusions: There is considerable variation in food and nutrient intakes across Europe, not only between, but also within countries. Individual‐level dietary data provide insight into the heterogeneity of dietary habits beyond per capita food supply data, and this is crucial to balancing healthy and environmentally‐friendly diets for European citizens.
An oil mixture with trans-10, cis-12 conjugated linoleic acid increases markers of inflammation and in vivo lipid peroxidation compared with cis-9, trans-11 conjugated linoleic acid in postmenopausal women$$$ A mixture of trans‐10, cis‐12 (t10,c12) and cis‐9, trans‐11 (c9,t11) conjugated linoleic acid (CLA mixture) reduced atherosclerosis in animals, thus the effect of these isomers on endothelial dysfunctions leading to inflammation and atherosclerosis is of interest. We gave 75 healthy postmenopausal women a daily supplement of 5.5 g of oil rich in either CLA mixture, an oil rich in the naturally occurring c9,t11 CLA (CLA milk), respectively, or olive oil for 16 wk in a double‐blind, randomized, parallel intervention study. We sampled blood and urine before and after the intervention. The ratios of total cholesterol:HDL cholesterol and concentrations of C‐reactive protein, fibrinogen, and plasminogen activator inhibitor‐1 were significantly higher in women supplemented with the CLA mixture than in those supplemented with CLA milk. Plasma triacylglycerol was significantly higher and HDL cholesterol was lower in women supplemented with the CLA mixture than with olive oil. Both CLA supplements increased lipid peroxidation, a marker of in vivo oxidative stress measured as urinary free 8‐iso‐prostaglandin F(2alpha). However, the CLA mixture increased lipid peroxidation more than the CLA milk did. The plasma cytokines interleukin‐6 and tumor necrosis factor‐alpha were not affected by the treatments, nor were any of the other variables measured. In conclusion, oil containing trans‐10,cis‐12 CLA has several adverse effects on classical and novel markers of coronary vascular disease, whereas the c9,t11 CLA isomer is more neutral, except for a small but significant increase in lipid peroxidation compared with olive oil.
Bovine colostrum supplementation's lack of effect on immune variables during short-term intense exercise in well-trained athletes$$$ The purpose of this study was to investigate the potential of bovine colostrum to attenuate postexercise decline in immune function. The authors evaluated the time course of a number of immune variables after short‐term intense exercise in 9 male athletes after 10 d of supplementation with either colostrum or skim‐milk powder. To increase the stress on the immune system subjects performed a glycogen‐depletion trial the evening before the endurance trial (90 min at 50% Wmax). Blood samples were taken before the glycogen‐depletion trial, before and after the endurance trial, and the next morning, 22 hr after cessation of the exercise. Plasma cortisol levels increased over time, reaching the highest level directly after exercise, and were still elevated 22 hr after exercise compared with baseline values (p < .001). Neutrophil cell count was increased after exercise and dropped below starting values 22 hr after exercise (time effect p < .001). Circulating immunoglobulins did not change over time. A significant time effect was seen for interleukin (IL)‐6, IL‐10, IL‐1‐receptor agonist, and C‐reactive protein, with levels being higher directly after exercise (p < .05). Other cytokines (interferon‐γ, IL‐1a, IL‐8, tumor necrosis factor‐a) did not show a time effect. No differences were seen between colostrum and skim‐milk powder in any of the investigated variables. Our results are consistent with the hypothesis that intense exercise affects several variables of the immune system. Colostrum did not alter any of the postexercise immune variables compared with skim‐milk powder, suggesting no role for bovine colostrum supplementation in preventing postexercise immune suppression after short‐term intense exercise.
Drinking water is associated with weight loss in overweight dieting women independent of diet and activity$$$ BACKGROUND: Data from short‐term experiments suggest that drinking water may promote weight loss by lowering total energy intake and/or altering metabolism. The long‐term effects of drinking water on change in body weight and composition are unknown, however. OBJECTIVE: This study tested for associations between absolute and relative increases in drinking water and weight loss over 12 months. METHODS AND PROCEDURES: Secondary analyses were conducted on data from the Stanford A TO Z weight loss intervention on 173 premenopausal overweight women (aged 25‐50 years) who reported <1 l/day drinking water at baseline. Diet, physical activity, body weight, percent body fat (dual‐energy X‐ray absorptiometry), and waist circumference were assessed at baseline, 2, 6, and 12 months. At each time point, mean daily intakes of drinking water, noncaloric, unsweetened caloric (e.g., 100% fruit juice, milk) and sweetened caloric beverages, and food energy and nutrients were estimated using three unannounced 24‐h diet recalls. Beverage intake was expressed in absolute (g) and relative terms (% of beverages). Mixed models were used to test for effects of absolute and relative increases in drinking water on changes in weight and body composition, controlling for baseline status, diet group, and changes in other beverage intake, the amount and composition of foods consumed and physical activity. RESULTS: Absolute and relative increases in drinking water were associated with significant loss of body weight and fat over time, independent of covariates. DISCUSSION: The results suggest that drinking water may promote weight loss in overweight dieting women.
Antibodies to bovine beta-casein in diabetes and other autoimmune diseases$$$ Cow's milk is thought to be an environmental trigger for autoimmune response in Type 1 diabetes. In the present study, our aim was to investigate the antibody response to bovine beta‐casein in different immune‐ and non‐immune‐mediated diseases and to establish whether such an antibody response is specific to Type 1 diabetes. We measured antibodies to bovine beta‐casein using an enzyme‐linked immunosorbent assay in a total of 519 sera from subjects as follows: 71 patients with Type 1 diabetes, 33 patients with coeliac disease, 100 patients with latent autoimmune diabetes in adults (LADA), 50 patients with autoimmune thyroid disease (ATD), 50 patients with Type 2 diabetes, 24 patients with multiple sclerosis (MS), and 3 different groups of controls (n = 191). Significantly increased levels of antibodies to beta‐casein were found in patients with Type 1 diabetes, coeliac disease and in LADA compared to age‐matched controls (p = 0.01, p = 0.02 and p = 0.01, respectively). No differences were observed in beta‐casein antibody titres between patients with other disease conditions (MS, and ATD) and age‐matched controls. The highest antibody response to beta‐casein in Type 1 diabetic patients and in patients with coeliac disease could reflect the gut mucosal immune disorders common to Type 1 diabetes and coeliac disease. Furthermore, the elevated beta‐casein antibody levels found in LADA patients suggest that the antibody response to this protein may be relevant in autoimmune diabetes.
Effect of intravenous administration of EM523L on gastric emptying and plasma glucose levels after a meal in patients with diabetic gastroparesis: a pilot study$$$ EM523L, a newly developed erythromycin derivative, has a powerful motilin‐like biologic effect and no antibacterial activity. In this pilot study, EM523L was administered to six patients with diabetic gastroparesis, and its effects on gastric emptying function and the change in plasma glucose levels after eating were examined. Gastric emptying was evaluated by the simultaneous measurement of solid and liquid food intake using 99mTc‐Sn‐colloid and acetaminophen, respectively. Eggs labeled with isotope and milk with added acetaminophen were used as the test meals. The change in plasma glucose level after ingestion of the test meal was also examined. A total of 2 mg of EM523L dissolved in 100 mL of physiologic saline was administered by intravenous infusion over a period of 15 minutes after ingestion of the test meal. The retention rates of the gastric isotope decreased following the administration of EM523L at 20 to 120 minutes after ingestion of the test meal. Plasma acetaminophen concentrations following EM523L administration increased at 20 and 30 minutes. The plasma glucose levels showed an increase at 30 to 60 minutes after eating ‐ the result of improved gastric emptying function. From these results, we concluded that intravenous administration of EM523L in patients with severe diabetic gastroparesis promotes gastric emptying of a solid and liquid meal and, as a result, plasma glucose levels increase after eating.
Role of Ayurveda Medication in complication of Diabetiese$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: GROUP B: Koshtashodhana with Nimbamrutadi Eranda taila with milk‐ 1st day Vangeshwara Rasa 125 mg tablet 1 BD Anupana â?? water This drug will be administered for 43 days Control Intervention1: GROUP A: Koshtashodhana with Nimbamrutadi Eranda taila with milk‐ 1st day Guduchyadi Kwatha 40 ml BD after food Anupana â?? water This drug will be administered for 43 days CONDITION: 1. Metabolically stable diagnosed TYPE 2 Diabetes Mellitus (i.e FBS 126 & 140mg/dL AND PPBS 140mg/dL) patients with symptomatic Diabetic Polyneuropathy. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Vangeshwara Rasa is efficacious in managing the Diabetic Polyneuropathy. $$$ Reduction in clinical Signs and symptoms of Diabetic Polyneuropathy. $$$ ‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 0th, 15th, 30th, 46th day SECONDARY OUTCOME: Not Applicable‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Not Applicable INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1.Metabolically stable diagnosed TYPE 2 Diabetes Mellitus (i.e FBS >126 & <140mg/dL AND PPBS >140mg/dL) patients with symptomatic Diabetic Polyneuropathy. 2.Patients on Anti‐ diabetic medications will be included. 3.Patient of irrespective of sex, religion and socioeconomic status. 4.Patients with TCSS score between 6‐ 11.
Influence of protein and creatine supplementation on the ability to perform daily living activities, quality of life and muscle structure after stroke$$$ INTERVENTION: (30 patients) Study group (CP) ‐ Intake of one sachet containing 10g of powdered creatine twice a day + powdered milk protein serum isolate to reach the target of 1.5g of protein / kg of body weight / day ‐ Creatine + protein supplementation will be offered after breakfast and before dinner. (30 patients) Control group (PP) ‐ Intake of one sachet containing 10g of placebo twice a day + powdered milk protein serum isolate to reach the target of 1.5g of protein / kg of body weight / day ‐ Supplementation of placebo + protein will be offered after breakfast and before dinner. Dilution â€“ One sachet to 300ml room‐temperature water. Creatine Dietary supplement CONDITION: Muscle Development Sarcopenia Stroke, not specified as haemorrhage or infarction Stroke, not specified as haemorrhage or infarction$$$ sarcopenia$$$ muscle development $$$ Stroke, not specified as haemorrhage or infarction $$$ Sarcopenia $$$ Muscle Development PRIMARY OUTCOME: Functional capacity assessed by six‐minute walk test, Timed Up and Go test and modified Rankin Scale 90 days after stroke. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Muscle degeneration assessed by the D3‐methylhistidine marker after 7 days of intervention with creatine supplementation. Quality of life assessed by The European 5D Quality of life Scale ‐ EuroQol‐5D 90 days after stroke. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Men older than 60 years$$$ diagnosed with ischemic stroke$$$ with up to 24 hours of stroke$$$ without previous disability (Modified Rankin Scale less than 1) and who agree to participate of the study.
A Single Meal Containing Raw, Crushed Garlic Influences Expression of Immunity- and Cancer-Related Genes in Whole Blood of Humans$$$ BACKGROUND: Preclinical and epidemiologic studies suggest that garlic intake is inversely associated with the progression of cancer and cardiovascular disease. OBJECTIVE: We designed a study to probe the mechanisms of garlic action in humans. METHODS: We conducted a randomized crossover feeding trial in which 17 volunteers consumed a garlic‐containing meal (100 g white bread, 15 g butter, and 5 g raw, crushed garlic) or a garlic‐free control meal (100 g white bread and 15 g butter) after 10 d of consuming a controlled, garlic‐free diet. Blood was collected before and 3 h after test meal consumption for gene expression analysis in whole blood. Illumina BeadArray was used to screen for genes of interest, followed by real‐time quantitative reverse transcriptase‐polymerase chain reaction (qRT‐PCR) on selected genes. To augment human study findings, Mono Mac 6 cells were treated with a purified garlic extract (0.5 μL/mL), and mRNA was measured by qRT‐PCR at 0, 3, 6, and 24 h. RESULTS: The following 7 genes were found to be upregulated by garlic intake: aryl hydrocarbon receptor (AHR), aryl hydrocarbon receptor nuclear translocator (ARNT), hypoxia‐inducible factor 1α (HIF1A), proto‐oncogene c‐Jun (JUN), nuclear factor of activated T cells (NFAT) activating protein with immunoreceptor tyrosine‐based activation motif 1 (NFAM1), oncostatin M (OSM), and V‐rel avian reticuloendotheliosis viral oncogene homolog (REL). Fold‐increases in mRNA transcripts ranged from 1.6 (HIF1A) to 3.0 (NFAM1) (P < 0.05). The mRNA levels of 5 of the 7 genes that were upregulated in the human trial were also upregulated in cell culture at 3 and 6 h: AHR, HIF1A, JUN, OSM, and REL. Fold‐increases in mRNA transcripts in cell culture ranged from 1.7 (HIF1A) to 12.1 (JUN) (P < 0.01). OSM protein was measured by ELISA and was significantly higher than the control at 3, 6, and 24 h (24 h: 19.5 ± 1.4 and 74.8 ± 1.4 pg/mL for control and garlic, respectively). OSM is a pleiotropic cytokine that inhibits several tumor cell lines in culture. CONCLUSION: These data indicate that the bioactivity of garlic is multifaceted and includes activation of genes related to immunity, apoptosis, and xenobiotic metabolism in humans and Mono Mac 6 cells. This trial is registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01293591.
Metabolic effects of a one year daily intake of granulated sucrose or fructose by diabetic patients$$$ The effects of one year's 20 to 30 g daily intake of granulated fructose or sucrose on blood glucose control and serum lipids have been studied in 20 diabetic subjects (14 type 1, 6 type 2). They were randomly assigned either to a control diet (C) (55% CHO including fruit and dairy products, 30% Fat, 15% Protein), or to a diet containing up to 30 g a day granulated fructose (F) or sucrose (S) in exchange of an isocaloric amount of starch. Compliance to diet was monitored and re‐enforced every 3 months by a physician and a dietician. After one year's study, the dietary enquiries showed that simple sugars represented respectively 21% (C), 28% (S), 26% (F) of the total caloric intake, corresponding to the allowances given to the patients in their respective groups. No significant difference was observed between groups C, S and F concerning increments in body weight, mean fasting and post‐prandial plasma glucose variations, mean HbA(1C) levels. Neither was any statistical difference observed concerning serum lipids: triglycerides, total and HDL‐cholesterol, Apo A1 or uric acid levels. We conclude that, on a chronic basis, a moderate intake of refined sugars has no adverse metabolic effect when substituted to an isocaloric amount of starch in the diabetic diet.
Plasma metabolomics and proteomics profiling after a postprandial challenge reveal subtle diet effects on human metabolic status$$$ We introduce the metabolomics and proteomics based Postprandial Challenge Test (PCT) to quantify the postprandial response of multiple metabolic processes in humans in a standardized manner. The PCT comprised consumption of a standardized 500 ml dairy shake containing respectively 59, 30 and 12 energy percent lipids, carbohydrates and protein. During a 6 h time course after PCT 145 plasma metabolites, 79 proteins and 7 clinical chemistry parameters were quantified. Multiple processes related to metabolism, oxidation and inflammation reacted to the PCT, as demonstrated by changes of 106 metabolites, 31 proteins and 5 clinical chemistry parameters. The PCT was applied in a dietary intervention study to evaluate if the PCT would reveal additional metabolic changes compared to non‐perturbed conditions. The study consisted of a 5‐week intervention with a supplement mix of anti‐inflammatory compounds in a crossover design with 36 overweight subjects. Of the 231 quantified parameters, 31 had different responses over time between treated and control groups, revealing differences in amino acid metabolism, oxidative stress, inflammation and endocrine metabolism. The results showed that the acute, short term metabolic responses to the PCT were different in subjects on the supplement mix compared to the controls. The PCT provided additional metabolic changes related to the dietary intervention not observed in non‐perturbed conditions. Thus, a metabolomics based quantification of a standardized perturbation of metabolic homeostasis is more informative on metabolic status and subtle health effects induced by (dietary) interventions than quantification of the homeostatic situation. © 2011 The Author(s).
A randomised, controlled, crossover study of the effect of diet on angiopoietin-like protein 4 (ANGPTL4) through modification of the gut microbiome$$$ Angiopoietin‐like protein 4 (ANGPTL4) is a lipoprotein lipase inhibitor that is involved in lipid metabolism and angiogenesis. Animal studies have suggested that the ANGPTL4 protein is modulated by the gut microbiota, possibly through increased concentrations of SCFA, such as C4, found in whole‐fat milk or as a result of fermentation of inulin. This study investigated whether a standardised diet either high in fat content or supplemented with inulin powder would increase plasma ANGPTL4 in overweight men and whether this increase was mediated through a compositional change of the gut microbiota. The study had a crossover design with three arms, where participants were given a standardised isoenergetic diet supplemented with inulin powder, whole‐fat milk or water (control). Plasma and urine samples were collected before and after each intervention period. Faecal samples and adipose tissue biopsies were collected after each intervention period. The study included twenty‐one participants of whom eighteen completed the study. The dietary interventions did not change ANGPTL4 plasma concentration, nor was plasma ANGPTL4 associated with plasma lipids, TAG or NEFA concentration. The relative abundance of bifidobacteria following the inulin diet was higher, compared with the control diet. However, the changes in microbiota were not associated with plasma ANGPTL4 and the overall composition of the microbiota did not change between the dietary periods. Although weight was maintained throughout the dietary periods, weight was negatively associated with plasma ANGPTL4 concentration. In the adipose tissue, ANGPTL4 expression was correlated with leptin expression, but not with hypoxia‐inducible factor 1α (HIF‐1α) expression.
Gastrointestinal function in chronic radiation enteritis--effects of loperamide-N-oxide$$$ The effects of loperamide‐N‐oxide, a new peripheral opiate agonist precursor, on gastrointestinal function were evaluated in 18 patients with diarrhoea caused by chronic radiation enteritis. Each patient was given, in double‐blind randomised order, loperamide‐N‐oxide (3 mg orally twice daily) and placebo for 14 days, separated by a washout period of 14 days. Gastrointestinal symptoms$$$ absorption of bile acid, vitamin B12, lactose, and fat$$$ gastric emptying$$$ small intestinal and whole gut transit$$$ and intestinal permeability were measured during placebo and loperamide‐N‐oxide phases. Data were compared with those obtained in 18 normal subjects. In the patients, in addition to an increased frequency of bowel actions (p < 0.001), there was reduced bile acid absorption, (p < 0.001) a higher prevalence of lactose malabsorption (p < 0.05) associated with a reduced dietary intake of dairy products (p < 0.02), and faster small intestinal (p < 0.001) and whole gut transit (p < 0.05) when compared with the normal subjects. There was no significant difference in gastric emptying between the two groups. Treatment with loperamide‐N‐oxide was associated with a reduced frequency of bowel actions (p < 0.001), slower small intestinal (p < 0.001), and total gut transit (p < 0.01), more rapid gastric emptying (p < 0.01), improved absorption of bile acid (p < 0.01), and increased permeability to 51Cr EDTA (p < 0.01). These observations indicate that: (1) diarrhoea caused by chronic radiation enteritis is associated with more rapid intestinal transit and a high prevalence of bile acid and lactose malabsorption, and (2) loperamide‐N‐oxide slows small intestinal transit, increases bile acid absorption, and is effective in the treatment of diarrhoea associated with chronic radiation enteritis.
Randomized trial of the short-term effects of dieting compared with dieting plus aerobic exercise on lactation performance$$$ BACKGROUND: Limiting postpartum weight retention is important for preventing adult obesity, but the effect of weight loss on lactation has not been studied adequately. OBJECTIVE: We evaluated whether weight loss by dieting, with or without aerobic exercise, adversely affects lactation performance. DESIGN: At 12+/‐4 wk postpartum, exclusively breast‐feeding women were randomly assigned for 11 d to a diet group (35% energy deficit$$$ n = 22), a diet plus exercise group (35% net energy deficit$$$ n = 22), or a control group (n = 23). Milk volume, composition, and energy output$$$ maternal weight, body composition, and plasma prolactin concentration$$$ and infant weight were measured before and after the intervention. RESULTS: Weight loss averaged 1.9, 1.6, and 0.2 kg in the diet, diet + exercise, and control groups, respectively (P < 0.0001) and was composed of 67% fat in the diet group and nearly 100% fat in the diet + exercise group. Change in milk volume, composition, and energy output and infant weight did not differ significantly among groups. However, there was a significant interaction between group and baseline percentage body fat: in the diet group only, milk energy output increased in fatter women and decreased in leaner women. The plasma prolactin concentration was higher in the diet and diet + exercise groups than in the control group. CONCLUSIONS: Short‐term weight loss (approximately 1 kg/wk) through a combination of dieting and aerobic exercise appears safe for breast‐feeding mothers and is preferable to weight loss achieved primarily by dieting because the latter reduces maternal lean body mass. Longer‐term studies are needed to confirm these findings.
Fat intake during childhood: metabolic responses and effects on growth$$$ Lipids are considered the most important energy source in the infant diet and are necessary for normal growth and physical activity. Human milk, in which most of the energy is present as fat, provides a relatively high cholesterol intake. Formula provides a much lower cholesterol intake. Infants fed human milk have higher total and LDL‐cholesterol concentrations in plasma than do formula‐fed infants (P: < 0.05), whereas plasma HDL‐ and LDL‐cholesterol concentrations are lower in formula‐fed infants if a formula high in linoleate is fed (P: < 0.05). Infants adapt to the high cholesterol content of human milk through a decrease in cholesterol synthesis$$$ in contrast, the addition of cholesterol to formula does not suppress synthesis. Measurements of serum lipoproteins and LDL‐receptor activity suggest that it is the fatty acid content, rather than the cholesterol content, of the diet that regulates cholesterol homeostasis. We studied the effect of total energy, source of energy, and fat on growth indexes of children <6 y of age in Latin America with use of food balance data. With respect to availability of animal fat, a negative relation was evident for being underweight (percentage weight‐for‐age <2 SDs of the World Health Organization‐National Center for Health Statistics standards) and for having a low birth weight$$$ the latter was also negatively related to energy. Wasting (percentage weight‐for‐height <2 SDs) was not related to dietary factors. These results suggest that diets that provide <22% of energy from fat and that are low in animal fats may restrict growth. The coexistence of early stunting with adult obesity in Latin America creates a dilemma for public nutrition intervention programs.
Influence of calcium and vitamin D supplementation on weight and fat loss in obese women$$$ BACKGROUND: Dairy products not only reduce the risk of hypertension and cardiovascular diseases but may play a role in the treatment of obesity. As there is some evidence that calcium (Ca) and vitamin D may play a role in effective weight management, we decided to evaluate the influence of Ca and vitamin D supplementation on weight and fat loss in obese women. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Forty obese women were enrolled in this study. Subjects were divided into 2 groups comparable with body mass index (BMI) and age. Group 1 was provided with calcium carbonate and 1‐(OH)‐vitamin D supplementation. Group 2 was provided with only a diet. Subjects participated in a 3‐month weight reduction therapy (balanced diet, modification of life style, and regular physical exercise). Blood samples (serum concentration of Ca, phosphorus (P), parathormone (PTH), 25‐(OH)‐D3) and clinical characteristics (weight, height, BMI, body composition) were taken at baseline and after the 3‐month program. RESULTS: No significant differences of body weight, body fat content, serum parathormone, 25‐(OH)‐D3 concentration, and plasma total Ca and P concentration were observed between analyzed groups both before and after the treatment. Additionally, we did not observe any significant influence of Ca and vitamin D supplementation on weight and fat loss. CONCLUSION: Ca plus vitamin D supplementation during a 3‐month low caloric diet has no additional effect on weight and fat loss in obese women.
Experiential Learning with Empowerment Strategies and Social Support (ELESSS) in Thai Grandmothers to improve Exclusive Breastfeeding among Adolescent Mothers for the first Six Months of the Babyâ??s life$$$ INTERVENTION: Experiential Learning with Empowerment Strategies and Social support (ELESSS) is based on the experiential learning, empowerment and social support theory. At the baseline, grandmothers attended a two‐day course (six total hours) and learned about the benefits of breastfeeding, the composition and function of the breasts, the production and release of milk, the latching on and positioning of the baby, expressing the milk, storing the breast milk, feeding with a cup, how to solve breastfeeding problems and the grandmothersâ?? role in breastfeeding support. In the postpartum ward, the researcher and the nursing team provided grandmothers with breastfeeding knowledge and real practice for one hour to help them and the adolescent mothers care for their children. In the second and fourth month after delivery, grandmothers whose adolescent mothers were still breastfeeding their babies with only breast milk received an educational booster and shared their problems and discussed breastfeeding$$$ the researcher conducted the session for one hour., The routine programme in the prenatal and postnatal clinic, which the participants in the control group and the adolescent mothers in the intervention group attended, included breastfeeding education and child care. CONDITION: no PRIMARY OUTCOME: breastfeeding rate [Timeframe 6 months after delivery breastfeeding pattern form] SECONDARY OUTCOME: knowledge, attitude and practice toward breastfeeding and perceived social support [Timeframe 6 months after delivery KAP questionnaire] INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion Criteria (Adolescent mothers) Thai pregnant women age 10‐19 years old First time mothers or first baby Normal breasts and nipples Having a good relationship with grandmothers Husband and grandmother have a good relationship. Used the service of antenatal care, delivery and well child care at Banmi and Inburi hospital They have a telephone. Willing to participate in this research Exclusion Criteria Premature delivery They have any disease or contraindication such as Infected with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) Taking antiretroviral medications Infected with human T‐cell lymphotropic virus type I or type II Untreated, active tuberculosis Using or is dependent upon an illicit drug Taking prescribed cancer chemotherapy agents, such as antimetabolites that interfere with DNA replication and cell division Undergoing radiation therapies$$$ however, such nuclear medic
Nutritional needs and preferences of myeloproliferative neoplasm patients: phase IA of the nutrient study$$$ Background: Cachexia, weight loss, and malnutrition in cancer patients are important contributors of adverse outcomes of cancer patients. MPN patients have abnormal cytokine expression (e.g., IL‐1, IL‐6, IL‐8, and TNF‐a) that contributes to symptom burden (e.g., fatigue, pruritus, night sweats, bone pain) and nutritional deficiencies (e,g., hypocholesterolemia, hypoalbuminemia, weight loss). Diets rich in fruits, vegetables, legumes, whole grains, fish, nuts, and low‐fat dairy products are associated with a decrease in inflammatory (e.g., TNF‐a, IL‐6, and CRP) and thrombotic markers (e.g., homocysteine, fibrinogen$$$ Chrysohoou 2004, Smidowicz 2015). To date, no studies have evaluated the nutritional needs or preferences of MPN patients in regards to dietary change. Aims: The aim of this project was to determine the nutritional needs and preferences that will help inform the creation of a tailored MPN dietary intervention. Methods: An internet‐based survey was hosted by the Mayo Clinic Survey Research Center and promoted on multiple MPN‐based forums, Facebook pages and websites during February of 2017. The survey included data on demographics, MPN characteristics, nutritional habits, supplement use, and symptom burden using the MPN‐SAF TSS/MPN‐10 (Emanuel 2012). Results: Demographics and symptom burden: 919 international MPN patients responded to the online survey of which 22.5% were diagnosed with MF, 37.1% with PV, and 37.4% with ET. Respondents represented MPN patients from 37 countries, although the highest proportion of respondents were from the United States (48.8%), United Kingdom (32.7%), Australia (6%), and Canada (3.6%). Average MPN‐SAF TSS score was 33.6 (SD=17). Dietary Habits: 22.5% of patients endorsed having food allergies or intolerances (Table 1). 31.4% of individuals followed a specific diet or had dietary restrictions. On average, MPN patients ate 2.1 meals outside the home per week. Among those taking supplements, 16.6% took supplements with the intent of reducing inflammation. Half (47.5%) of these individuals felt that the supplements they used made them feel better. Approximately 15% of respondents had tried alternative medicine to help treat their MPN. Among these, 44.8% were under the care of a naturopath and 60.2% endorsed that their treatment plan included dietary change. Nutritional Education Preferences: Overall, 34.4% of patients endorsed using diet to help control their symptoms or MPN disease. Patients most often utilized books (28.2%), websites (27.1%), health care providers such as physicians, NPs or naturopaths (28.2%), online forums (23.2%), friends (12.2%), nutritionists(9.5%), phone or tablet applications (9.1%), or videos (4.2%) for nutritional education. The vast majority (95.9%) of MPN patients endorsed being willing to eat only certain foods if it helped to control symptom burden and or could help their MPN to stabilize or reduce the risk of their MPN getting worse (98.0%). (Table Presented) Summary/Conclusions: There remains an unmet need for symptom burden improvement in low‐risk MPN patients or among those who have reoccurrence of symptoms while on JAK inhibitor therapy. Nutritional interventions for MPN patients have not previously been investigated and have the potential to be paired with traditional interventions to allow MPN patients to self‐manage symptom burden. This study represents the first evaluation of MPN‐related nutritional habits and preferences. These results will be used to inform the creation of an MPN nutritional intervention with the goal of improving symptom burden and reducing inflammation.
Weight loss by two different diets increases the postprandial response of GLP-1 but only the Paleolithic diet increases the postprandial response of GIP$$$ Conference: 53rd Annual Meeting of the European Association for the Study of Diabetes, EASD 2017. Portugal. Background and aims: Weight loss by diet intervention has shown conflicting results on postprandial levels of glucagon‐like peptide 1 (GLP‐1) and glucose‐dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP). We therefore investigated a Paleolithic diet (PD) and a prudent control diet according to the Nordic nutrition recommendations (CD) and aimed to compare the effect of the two diets on postprandial levels of GLP‐1 and GIP. Materials and methods: Seventy healthy, obese, postmenopausal women were randomized to either the PD or the CD. In the PD group participants were advised to eat vegetables, fruit, lean meat, fish, nuts and eggs. Cereals, dairy products, added sugar and salt were excluded. With the CD participants were advised to increase their intake of whole grain, fruit, vegetables and fish. Dairy products and meat were supposed to be low fat. Both diets were without calorie restriction. Plasma levels of GLP‐1 and GIP were measured after ingestion of 75 g glucose at baseline and after 6 and 24 months of diet intervention. The incremental area under the curve (iAUC) of GLP‐1 and GIP was calculated during 120 min after glucose intake. Results: The PD group showed a more pronounced weight reduction after 6 months (9.2 +/‐ 4.2 kg (mean+/‐SD)) and 24 months (8.1 +/‐ 5.6 kg) compared to the CDgroup (4.7 +/‐ 4.2 kg at 6 months and 4.9 +/‐ 4.8 kg at 24 months$$$ P<0.001 and P<0.05 for the difference between groups at 6 months and 24 months). For the PD group the iAUC of GLP‐1 increased by 34 % after 6 months and by 45 % after 24 months compared to baseline. For the CD group the iAUC of GLP‐1 increased by 11 % after 6 months and by 59 % after 24 months. For the PD group the iAUC of GIP increased by 23%after 6 months compared to baseline but decreased by 3 % in the CD group (P<0.05 for the difference between groups). Conclusion: Postprandial levels of GLP‐1 increased through dietinduced weight loss by the Paleolithic diet and the control diet. The postprandial GIP response increased through weight loss by the Paleolithic diet but not by the control diet.
Serum levels of IGF-I, IGFBP-3 and colorectal cancer risk: results from the EPIC cohort, plus a meta-analysis of prospective studies$$$ Several prospective studies have shown a moderate positive association between increasing circulating insulin‐like growth factor‐I (IGF‐I) levels and colorectal cancer risk. However, the associations were often statistically nonsignificant, and the relationship of cancer risk with IGF‐I's major binding protein, IGFBP‐3, showed major discrepancies between studies. We investigated the association of colorectal cancer risk with serum IGF‐I, total and intact IGFBP‐3, in a case‐control study nested within the EPIC cohort (1,121 cases of colorectal cancer and 1,121 matched controls). Conditional logistic regression was used to adjust for possible confounders. Our present study results were combined in a meta‐analysis with those from 9 previous prospective studies to examine the overall evidence for a relationship of prediagnostic serum IGF‐I with colorectal cancer risk. In the EPIC study, serum concentrations of IGF‐I and IGFBP‐3 showed no associations with risk of colorectal cancer overall. Only in subgroup analyses did our study show moderate positive associations of IGF‐I levels with risk, either among younger participants only (and only for colon cancer) or among participants whose milk intakes were in the lowest tertile of the population distribution (RR for an increase of 100 ng/ml = 1.43 [95% CI = 1.13‐1.93]). Nevertheless, in the meta‐analysis a modest positive association remained between serum IGF‐I and colorectal cancer risk overall (RR = 1.07 [1.01‐1.14] for 1 standard deviation increase in IGF‐I). Overall, data from our present study and previous prospective studies combined indicate a relatively modest association of colorectal cancer risk with serum IGF‐I.
Soy protein isolate increases urinary estrogens and the ratio of 2: 16alpha-hydroxyestrone in men at high risk of prostate cancer$$$ Specific estrogen metabolites may initiate and promote hormone‐related cancers. In epidemiological studies, significantly lower excretion of urinary estradiol (E2) and lower ratio of urinary 2‐hydroxy estrogens to 16alpha‐hydroxyestrone (2:16 OH‐E1) have been reported in prostate cancer cases compared to controls. Although soy supplementation has been shown to increase the ratio 2:16 OH‐E1 in women, no studies to our knowledge have investigated the effects of soy supplementation on estrogen metabolism in men. The objective of this randomized controlled trial was to determine the effects of soy protein isolate consumption on estrogen metabolism in men at high risk for developing advanced prostate cancer. Fifty‐eight men supplemented their habitual diets with 1 of 3 protein isolates: 1) isoflavone‐rich soy protein isolate (SPI+) (107 mg isoflavones/d)$$$ 2) alcohol‐washed soy protein isolate (SPI‐) (<6 mg isoflavones/d)$$$ or 3) milk protein isolate (MPI), each providing 40 g protein/d. At 0, 3, and 6 mo of supplementation, the urinary estrogen metabolite profile was measured by GC‐MS. Both soy groups had higher E2 excretion than the MPI group at 3 and 6 mo. After 6 mo of supplementation, the SPI+ group had a significantly higher urinary 2:16 OH‐E1 ratio than the MPI group. Increased urinary E2 excretion and 2:16 OH‐E1 ratio in men consuming soy protein isolate are consistent with studies in postmenopausal women and suggest that soy consumption may be beneficial in men at high risk of progressing to advanced prostate cancer as a result of effects on endogenous estrogen metabolism.
The effect of bowel preparation regime on interfraction rectal filling variation during image guided radiotherapy for prostate cancer$$$ Background: This study aimed to investigate the tolerability and impact of milk of magnesia (MoM) on interfraction rectal filling during prostate cancer radiotherapy. Methods: Two groups were retrospectively identified, each consisting of 40 patients with prostate cancer treated with radiotherapy to prostate+/‐seminal vesicles, with daily image‐guidance in 78Gy/39fractions/8 weeks. The first‐group followed anti‐flatulence diet with MoM started 3‐days prior to planning‐CT and continued during radiotherapy, while the second‐group followed the same anti‐flatulence diet only. The rectum between upper and lower limit of the clinical target volume (CTV) was delineated on planning‐CT and on weekly cone‐beam‐CT (CBCT). Rectal filling was assessed by measurement of anterio‐posterior diameter of the rectum at the superior and mid levels of CTV, rectal volume (RV), and average cross‐sectional rectal area (CSA$$$ RV/length). Results: Overall 720 images (80 planning‐CT and 640 CBCT images) from 80 patients were analyzed. Using linear mixed models, and after adjusting for baseline values at the time of planning‐CT to test the differences in rectal dimensions between both groups over the 8‐week treatment period, there were no significant differences in RV (p = 0.4), CSA (p = 0.5), anterio‐posterior diameter of rectum at superior (p = 0.4) or mid level of CTV (p = 0.4). In the non‐MoM group$$$ 22.5% of patients had diarrhea compared to 60% in the MoM group, while 40% discontinued use of MoM by end of radiotherapy. Conclusion: The addition of MoM to antiflatulence diet did not reduce the interfraction variation in rectal filling but caused diarrhea in a substantial proportion of patients who then discontinued its use.
The influence of oral lipid loads on acylation stimulating protein (ASP) in healthy volunteers$$$ OBJECTIVES: To examine the hypothesis that a sustained rise in plasma acylation stimulating protein (ASP, C3a desarg) accompanies the elevation in triacylglycerol that follows the ingestion of an oral fat load. DESIGN: Following an overnight fast, blood samples were obtained from healthy volunteers while fasting and 15 min, 1, 2, 4, 6 and 8 h following ingestion of: (i) a liquid meal, rich in dairy fat (eight subjects) and (ii) a semi‐liquid meal, with higher total fat content and rich in polyunsaturated fat (six subjects). SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Four male and four female volunteers (age range: 22‐51 y$$$ body mass index (BMI): 17.9‐26.9 kg/m2) received the first meal. Six subjects (age range: 32‐60 y$$$ BMI: 18.0‐28.4 kg/m2), including three from the first study, received the second meal using the same protocol. ASP and C5a were measured by radioimmunoassay (RIA) and the complement proteins C3, factor B and C5 by radial immunodiffusion or nephelometry. Tumour necrosis factor (TNF)‐alpha was measured by enhanced ELISA, and plasma cholesterol and triacylglycerol by an automated enzymatic method. The presence of chylomicrons was assessed in post‐prandial plasma samples taken after the second meal. RESULTS: There was no significant change in mean ASP concentration in either group at any time point, following ingestion of either meal. However, there was a significant positive linear trend in ASP following the second fat challenge (ANOVA$$$ P < 0.05). There was also no change in complement proteins, plasma cholesterol or TNF‐alpha. Plasma triacylglycerol rose significantly after the first and second meals (P < 0.05 and P < 0.001 at 2 h post‐prandially)$$$ the mean maximum rise above the fasting level was 58 +/‐ 41% and 89 +/‐ 38% respectively (mean +/‐ s.d.). Chylomicrons were detected in samples taken from each subject after the second meal. Analysis of individual ASP data showed a sustained rise in one subject after the first meal and two subjects after the second meal. Substantial variation in ASP concentration was observed in samples taken in the first 2 h post‐prandially. CONCLUSION: There was no significant change in ASP nor other complement proteins for either group of subjects following ingestion of the lipid loads. Individual data showed substantial variation in post‐prandial ASP, but multiple plasma sampling did not define the basis for this variation.
Two-year effect of semaglutide 2.4 mg on control of eating in adults with overweight/obesity: step 5$$$ Background: The STEP 5 trial (NCT03693430) investigated onceweekly (OW) subcutaneous semaglutide 2.4 mg vs placebo for the treatment of overweight/obesity in adults over 2 years. Methods: Adults with BMI ≥ 30 kg/m2 , or ≥27 kg/m2 and ≥1 weight‐related comorbidity, without diabetes, were randomized 1:1 to semaglutide 2.4 mg OW or placebo for 104 weeks. Coprimary endpoints related to body weight (BW) changes. Control of eating questionnaire (CoEQ) was assessed in a subgroup from Canada/USA, with scores from 19 individual items grouped into 4 domains: craving control, craving for savory, craving for sweet, or positive mood. P values for exploratory CoEQ data are unadjusted for multiplicity. Results: 304 adults were randomized (78% female$$$ mean age 47 years, BW 106.0 kg and BMI 38.5 kg/m2 ). Semaglutide significantly reduced BW from baseline to week 104 vs placebo (estimated treatment difference: ‐12.6 %‐points [95% CI: ‐15.3, ‐9.8]$$$ p < 0.0001). In participants completing the CoEQ with semaglutide (n = 88) vs placebo (n = 86), all 4 domain scores significantly improved at week 20 and 52 (all p < 0.05). At week 104, craving control and craving for savory domains remained significantly improved with semaglutide vs placebo (p < 0.01)$$$ positive mood and craving for sweet were not statistically significant. Scores for the following individual cravingrelated items were significantly reduced from baseline with semaglutide vs placebo at week 104: desire to eat salty and spicy food, craving for dairy food, craving for starchy food, difficulty in resisting cravings, and difficulty in control of eating (all p < 0.05). Scores for hunger and fullness improved with semaglutide vs placebo at week 20, 52 and 104, but the differences were only significant at week 20 (p < 0.001 for both). Conclusions: In adults with overweight/obesity, substantial weight loss with semaglutide 2.4 mg was accompanied by short‐ and longterm improvements in control of eating vs placebo, with the greatest effect on craving control and craving for savory foods.
Two-year Effect of Semaglutide 2.4 mg on Control of Eating in Adults with Overweight/Obesity: STEP-5$$$ STEP‐5 (NCT03693430) investigated once‐weekly (OW) subcutaneous semaglutide 2.4mg versus placebo for overweight/obesity treatment in adults over 2 years. Adults with body mass index (BMI) ≥ 30kg/m2, or ≥27kg/m2 and ≥1 weight‐related comorbidity, without diabetes, were randomised 1:1 to semaglutide 2.4mg OW or placebo for 104 weeks. Co‐primary endpoints were body weight (BW) changes. Control of eating (CoE) questionnaire (CoEQ) was assessed in a subgroup from Canada/USA, with scores from 19 individual items grouped into 4 domains: craving control, craving for savoury, craving for sweet, or positive mood. P‐values for exploratory CoEQ data were unadjusted for multiplicity. 304 adults were randomised (78% female$$$ mean age 47 years, BW 106.0kg and BMI 38.5kg/m2). Semaglutide significantly reduced BW from baseline to week 104 versus placebo (estimated treatment difference: ‐12.6 %‐points [95%CI: ‐15.3, ‐9.8]$$$ p < 0.0001). In participants completing the CoEQ with semaglutide (n = 88) versus placebo (n = 86), all 4 domain scores significantly improved at week 20 and 52 (all p < 0.05). At week 104, craving control and craving for savoury domains remained significantly improved with semaglutide versus placebo (p < 0.01)$$$ positive mood and craving for sweet were not significant. Scores for the following craving‐related items were significantly reduced with semaglutide versus placebo at week 104: desire to eat salty and spicy food, craving for dairy food, craving for starchy food, difficulty in resisting cravings, and difficulty in CoE (all p < 0.05). Scores for hunger and fullness improved with semaglutide versus placebo at week 20, 52 and 104, but the differences were only significant at week 20 (both p < 0.001). In adults with overweight/obesity, substantial weight loss with semaglutide 2.4mg was accompanied by short‐ and long‐term improvements in CoE vs placebo, with the greatest effect on craving control and craving for savoury foods.
A study looking at benefit of oral non digestible starch in reducing rectal pain and diarrhea in patients undergoing radiation for treatment of cancer cervix - A pilot phase to assess feasibility$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Amylase resistant starch: 30gm administered daily orally mixed with milk, through out the course of radiotherapy (6‐8 weeks) Control Intervention1: Digestible starch (corn flour): 30gm administered daily mixed with milk, orally, through out the course of radiotherapy (6‐8 weeks) CONDITION: Radiation induced proctitis in locally advanced carcinoma cervix PRIMARY OUTCOME: Incidence of Grade 2, 3 and 4, functional and clinical proctitis graded in CTC V 3.o and RTOG toxicity criteria.‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: at 1st 2nd 3rd 4th 5th 6th 7th and 8th week of radiation and 6 weeks following completion of radiation SECONDARY OUTCOME: Incidence of Grade 2,3 and 4 enteritis and diarrhea graded in CTC V 3.o and RTOG toxicity criteria.‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: at 1st 2nd 3rd 4th 5th 6th 7th and 8th week of radiation and 6 weeks following completion of radiation INCLUSION CRITERIA: Adult women aged between 18 and 70 yrs diagnosed to have carcinoma cervix planned for radical chemoirradiation and consented for recruitment.
Nutraceutical preconditioning with arginine and oil mixes. Effects on inflammatory mediators, oxidative stress and lipid profile in patients undergoing radical prostatectomy$$$ PURPOSE: To investigate whether there is any effect resulting from preconditioning with nutraceutical supplementation containing arginine and oil mixes with high ω9:ω6 ratio and low ω6:ω3 ratio containing EPA and DHA, ALA fatty acids on inflammatory mediators, antioxidant and lipid profile modulation in surgical trauma. METHODS: Twenty‐six men scheduled for radical prostatectomy were randomized into three groups and treated as follows: Group 1 (skim milk, 0% fat), Group 2 (supplement with ω6:ω3 ratio of 8:1 and arginine) and Group 3 (supplement with high ω9:ω6 ratio of 3.2:1 and low ω6:ω3 ratio of 1.4:1 and arginine). Patients received skin milk or supplements twice a day (200 ml) during five days prior to surgery. Peripheral venous blood samples were collected at three different timepoints: five days before surgery (PRE), before anesthesia induction (IND) and on the 2nd postoperative day (POS). Parameters analyzed included inflammatory cytokines (IL‐1β, IL‐6, IL‐8 and TNF‐α), antioxidants (catalase), lipid profile and heat shock protein (HSP‐27). RESULTS: There were no significant differences between groups on inflammatory mediators and antioxidant parameters. However, lipid profile values (Cholesterol, LDL, Triglycerides, VLDL), were significantly different. CONCLUSION: Preconditioning with arginine and oil mixes containing high ω9:ω6 ratio and low ω6:ω3 ratio, has no effects on inflammatory mediators and oxidative stress in patients undergoing radical prostatectomy. Reduction of cholesterol, triglycerides, LDL and VLDL profiles may be related to the trauma effect.
Sorghum BRS305 Beverage Associated With Lacticaseibacillus Paracasei Improves Total Antioxidant Capacity and Cholesterol/HDL Ratio in Adult With Overweight$$$ Objectives: This study evaluated the effect of sorghum BRS 305 [Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench] non‐dairy beverage associated with Lacticaseibacillus paracasei on total antioxidant capacity, oxidative stress and lipid profile in adults with overweight. Methods: A randomized controlled chronic clinical study, single‐blind, performed with 30 volunteers, age 20‐55 y, body mass index (BMI) between 27 and 34.9 kg/m2, with a restriction caloric of 500 kcal were developed. The individuals were assigned into three groups and received sorghum beverage (SG), sorghum beverage + L. paracasei (SG+L) and waxy maize (control group$$$ CG). The individuals who received sorghum beverage consumed 30 g (female) or 38 g (male) of extruded flour and the probiotic was administered in the amount of 4,5 x 109 UFCs/g for 10 weeks. Fasting blood were taken at baseline and endpoint to analyze total antioxidant capacity (TAC), malondialdehyde (MDA), superoxide dismutase (SOD), and lipid profile (total cholesterol, HDL‐c, LDL‐c and total cholesterol/HDL ratio). Results: TAC increased at endpoint in individuals that received sorghum flour (1.12±0.07 SG and 1.14±0.08 SG+L vs. 1.01±0.06 mM/trolox CG$$$ p=0.001) without change in malondialdehyde (1.21±0.25 SG and 1.45±0.18 SG+L vs. 1.23±0.13 μM MDA/mg ptn CG$$$ p=0.058) and superoxide dismutase (3.90±0.81 SG and 3.97±0.59 SG+L vs. 3.40±0.39 U SOD/ mg ptn CG$$$ p=0.150) contents. Sorghum consumption decreased total cholesterol/HDL ratio at endpoint (2.51±0.69 SG and 3.07±0.29 SG+L vs. 4.03±1.02 CG$$$ p=0.002) without change total cholesterol (132.46±27.07 SG and 138.70±12.44 SG+L vs. 151.36±29.27 mg/dL CG$$$ p=0.349), HDL (43.73±12.06 SG and 45.57±6.03 SG+L vs. 44.44±14.31 mg/dL CG$$$ p=0.947) and LDL (55.31±14.47 SG and 68.09±18.57 SG+L vs. 68.96±10.58 mg/dL CG$$$ p=0.947) concentrations. Conclusions: The consumption of a non‐dairy beverage containing extruded sorghum BRS 305 flour associated or not with L. paracasei improves total antioxidant capacity and total cholesterol/HDL ratio in adults with overweight. Funding Sources: Research and Development Agency of the State of Minas Gerais (FAPEMIG), Coordination for the Improvement of Higher Education Personnel (CAPES), National Council for Scientific and Technological Development (CNPq).
Effects of a structured progressive task-oriented circuit training program to enhance walking competency after stroke$$$ INTERVENTION: Group training containing 8 to 10 workstations focused on improving balance, walking ability, walking related activities like transfers, climbing stairs and endurance. The program will be tailor‐made considering the ability of the patient. Important is that the program can be progressive by adding weight, or increasing the number of repetitions. The program will last 12 weeks with two sessions of 90 minutes per week. During this period the patient holds a dairy about activities and special remarks that might influence the results. CONDITION: $$$ cerebro vasculair accident $$$ stroke 10029305 10047075 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Primary outcome will be the Stroke Impact Scale (mobility part) and cost $$$ effectiveness (EuroQoL). $$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: endurance, gait speed, muscle strength of lower limbs, chair rising and stair $$$ climbing tests, confidence not to fall, instrumental ADL, fatigue, anxiety and $$$ depression, and health perception in general. $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients after stroke during inpatient rehabilitation age over 18 years being able to walk at least 10 m independently (Functional Ambulation Categories >=4) Being motivated to follow 24 session of physical therapy expressed by signing informed consent
Breastfeeding education and support trial for overweight and obese women: a randomized trial$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate a specialized breastfeeding peer counseling (SBFPC) intervention promoting exclusive breastfeeding (EBF) among overweight/obese, low‐income women. METHODS: We recruited 206 pregnant, overweight/obese, low‐income women and randomly assigned them to receive SBFPC or standard care (controls) at a Baby‐Friendly hospital. SBFPC included 3 prenatal visits, daily in‐hospital support, and up to 11 postpartum home visits promoting EBF and addressing potential obesity‐related breastfeeding barriers. Standard care involved routine access to breastfeeding support from hospital personnel, including staff peer counselors. Data collection included an in‐hospital interview, medical record review, and monthly telephone calls through 6 months postpartum to assess infant feeding practices, demographics, and health outcomes. Bivariate and logistic regression analyses were conducted. RESULTS: The intervention had no impact on EBF or breastfeeding continuation at 1, 3, or 6 months postpartum. In adjusted posthoc analyses, at 2 weeks postpartum the intervention group had significantly greater odds of continuing any breastfeeding (adjusted odds ratio [aOR]: 3.76 [95% confidence interval (CI): 1.07‐13.22]), and giving at least 50% of feedings as breast milk (aOR: 4.47 [95% CI: 1.38‐14.5]), compared with controls. Infants in the intervention group had significantly lower odds of hospitalization during the first 6 months after birth (aOR: 0.24 [95% CI: 0.07‐0.86]). CONCLUSIONS: In a Baby‐Friendly hospital setting, SBFPC targeting overweight/obese women did not impact EBF practices but was associated with increased rates of any breastfeeding and breastfeeding intensity at 2 weeks postpartum and decreased rates of infant hospitalization in the first 6 months after birth.
to check the effect of cinnamon in reducing weight in overweight and obese patients$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: 6Gm CINNAMON POWDER DECOCTION WITH NATUROPATHY DIET: The selected individuals will be randomized into an intervention group and a control group. The intervention group will receive cinnamon decoction early morning on an empty stomach with a Naturopathic diet whereas the control group will receive only a Naturopathic diet for 15 days. The cinnamon decoction will be prepared by using 2medium sized barks (approx. 6gm)and will be grinded into powdered form and then boiled in 500ml of water till it is reduced to 250ml. The naturopathic diet is classified into 3 sub diets which are (1) an Eliminative diet$$$ a diet that helps in the elimination of toxins and morbid matter from the body like juices and fiber‐rich fruits and vegetables (2) a Soothing diet$$$ a diet which helps to soothe out the gut and gut microbes and heal the body tissues like prebiotics and probiotics, carbohydrates and fats (3) Constructive diet$$$ a diet that helps the body tissue to build up again like protein‐rich food sources. The naturopathic diet will include fresh fruits, fruit juices, cooked vegetables, cooked grains and pulses, salads, raw fruits, and vegetables and would exclude fried food, junk food, and 5 white poisons which are salt,sugar, white flour,milk and white rice. The diet plan for every day would be made in a way that the total energy is between 1800 – 2000Kcal they will be asked to maintain a record diary of the same. the duration of the intervention will be 2 weeks Control Intervention1: NATUROPATHY DIET : the randomized individuals in the comparator group will be just provided with naturopathic diet and they will be asked to maintain a record diary about the same for 2 weeks CONDITION: Health Condition 1: E66‐ Overweight and obesity PRIMARY OUTCOME: ANTHROPOMETRIC MEASUREMENT, BODY FAT ANALYSERTimepoint: PRE AND POST INTERVENTION SECONDARY OUTCOME: QUALITY OF LIFE QUESTIONNAIRETimepoint: PRE AND POST INTERVENTION INCLUSION CRITERIA: Subjects who are willing to participate in the study after signing the informed consent form. Subjects who are diagnosed with overweight and obesity grade I according to their BMI.
Effect of a High Protein Weight Loss Diet on Weight, High-Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein, and Cardiovascular Risk among Overweight and Obese Women: a Parallel Clinical Trial$$$ Studies regarding the effects of high protein (HP) diets on cardiovascular (CVD) risk factors have reported contradictory results. We aimed to determine the effects of an HP diet on CVD risk factors and high‐sensitivity C‐reactive protein (hs‐CRP) among overweight and obese women. In this randomized controlled trial, we recruited 60 overweight and obese women, aged 20‐65, into an HP or energy‐restricted control diet for three months (protein, carbohydrate, and fat: 25%, 45%, and 30% versus 15%, 55%, and 30%, resp.). Total protein was divided between animal and plant sources in a 1 : 1 ratio, and animal sources were distributed equally between meats and dairy products. Fasting blood samples, hs‐CRP, lipid profile, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, and anthropometric measurements were assessed using standard guidelines. Percent change was significantly different between the two diet groups for weight (standard protein (SP): ‐3.90 ± 0.26 versus HP: ‐6.10 ± 0.34%$$$ P < 0.0001, resp.) and waist circumference (SP: ‐3.03 ± 0.21 versus HP: ‐5.06 ± 0.28%$$$ P < 0.0001, resp.). Percent change of fasting blood glucose (FBG) substantially decreased in the control group compared to the HP group (‐9.13 ± 0.67 versus ‐4.93 ± 1.4%$$$ P = 0.01, resp.). Total cholesterol, systolic blood pressure (SBP), and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) decreased both in the HP and in the control diet groups (P = 0.06, P = 0.07, and P = 0.09, resp.)$$$ however, the results were marginally significant. Serum levels of hs‐CRP were reduced both in the control (‐0.08 ± 0.11%, P = 0.06) and in the high protein groups (‐0.04 ± 0.09%, P = 0.06). The energy‐restricted HP diet resulted in more beneficial effects on weight loss and reduction of waist circumference. CVD risk factors may improve with HP diets among overweight and obese women. When using isoenergetic weight loss diets, total cholesterol, hs‐CRP, and SBP were marginally significantly reduced, independent of dietary protein content. This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01763528.
Calories, Caffeine and the Onset of Obesity in Young Children$$$ OBJECTIVE: High calorie foods and beverages, which often contain caffeine, contribute to child overweight/obesity. We evaluated the results of an educational intervention to promote healthy growth in very young children. Secondarily, we used detailed diet data to explore the association of nutrient intake with the early development of overweight and obesity. METHODS: Mothers were obese Latina women, enrolled prenatally, and their infants. Specially trained community health workers provided breastfeeding support and nutrition education during 10 home visits, birth to 24 months. At follow‐up, age 18 to 36 months, we measured growth and completed detailed diet recalls (1‐7 recall days/child). RESULTS: Of 174 infants randomized, 106 children were followed for 24 to 36 months. The educational intervention did not prevent overweight/obesity. Forty‐two percent of children became overweight or obese. Fifty‐eight percent of children consumed caffeine on at least 1 recall day. Mean intake was 0.48 mg/kg/day. Caffeine correlated with higher consumption of calories, and added sugar and decreased intake of protein, fiber and dairy. Compared with days without caffeine, on days when caffeine was consumed, children ingested 121 more calories and 3.8 gm less protein. Children frequently consumed less than the recommended daily intake of key nutrients such as fiber, vegetables, whole fruit, and vitamins. CONCLUSIONS: Caffeine was a marker for increased intake of calories and decreased intake of key nutrients. When discussing dietary intake in early childhood, practitioners should screen for nutrient deficiency in young children and recommend limiting the intake of caffeinated foods and beverages.
Effect of local diets with added sucrose on glycemic profiles of healthy and diabetic Brazilian subjects$$$ OBJECTIVE: We set out to determine the daily glycemic profile of healthy and non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) persons and to test the hypothesis that small amounts of sucrose added to NIDDM meals would not change their responses. METHODS: Thirteen NIDDM and six healthy volunteers participated in the study. They initially consumed a diet similar to their home diet and later a diabetic hospital dietary regimen, with and without 30 g/day sugar replacing equivalent food energy. The hospital diet included their usual foods: bread, milk, rice, beans, meat, vegetables and fruits at breakfast, lunch and dinner. To follow their glycemic profile we drew several blood samples during a 22‐hour period. RESULTS: The day‐long plasma glucose profile of the NIDDM and healthy subjects showed similar patterns, increasing after the meals and returning later to baseline levels. The extra amount of sucrose consumed did not change the daily glycemic profile or the calculated glycemic area under the 22‐hour glycemic curves. These results call attention to the importance of the 22‐hour glycemic profile compared to other shorter glycemic indexes. CONCLUSION: The 22‐hour profile has obvious advantage for planning day‐long diabetic diets, taking in consideration local daily foods and usual eating habits. Maintenance of a small and traditional amount of food, e.g., sucrose, without harmful effects to the subjects, is another advantage of this proposition. It improves patient compliance as well as social daily life.
The effect of normally consumed amounts of sucrose or high fructose corn syrup on lipid profiles, body composition and related parameters in overweight/obese subjects$$$ The American Heart Association (AHA) has advocated that women and men not consume more than 100 and 150 kcal/day, respectively, from added sugars. These levels are currently exceeded by over 90% of the adult population in the United States. Few data exist on longer‐term metabolic effects when sucrose and High Fructose Corn Syrup (HFCS), the principal sources of added dietary sugars, are consumed at levels typical of the general population. Sixty five overweight and obese individuals were placed on a eucaloric (weight stable) diet for 10‐weeks, which incorporated sucrose‐ or HFCS‐sweetened, low‐fat milk at 10% or 20% of calories in a randomized, double‐blinded study. All groups responded similarly (interaction p > 0.05). There was no change in body weight in any of the groups over the 10‐week study, or in systolic or diastolic blood pressure. Likewise, there were no changes in total cholesterol, triglycerides, low‐density lipoprotein (LDL), or apolipoprotein B (Apo B). We conclude that (1) when consumed as part of a eucaloric diet fructose‐‐when given with glucose (as normally consumed) does not promote weight gain or an atherogenic lipid profile even when consumed at two to four times the level recently recommended by the AHA. (2) There were no differences between HFCS and sucrose on these parameters.
A 12-week intervention with nonivamide, a TRPV1 agonist, prevents a dietary-induced body fat gain and increases peripheral serotonin in moderately overweight subjects$$$ SCOPE: A bolus administration of 0.15 mg nonivamide has previously been demonstrated to reduce energy intake in moderately overweight men. This 12‐week intervention investigated whether a daily consumption of nonivamide in a protein‐based product formulation promotes a reduction in body weight in healthy overweight subjects and affects outcome measures associated with mechanisms regulating food intake, e.g. plasma concentrations of (an)orexigenic hormones, energy substrates as well as changes in fecal microbiota. METHODS AND RESULTS: Nineteen overweight subjects were randomly assigned to either a control (C) or a nonivamide (NV) group. Changes in the body composition and plasma concentrations of satiating hormones were determined at fasting and 15, 30, 60, 90, and 120 min after a glucose load. Participants were instructed to consume 0.15 mg nonivamide per day in 450 mL of a milk shake additionally to their habitual diet. After treatment, a group difference in body fat mass change (‐0.61 ± 0.36% in NV and +1.36 ± 0.38% in C) and an increase in postprandial plasma serotonin were demonstrated. Plasma metabolome and fecal microbiome read outs were not affected. CONCLUSIONS: A daily intake of 0.15 mg nonivamide helps to support to maintain a healthy body composition.
The effect of dobutamine on blood flow of free tissue transfer flaps during head and neck reconstructive surgery*$$$ In view of the controversy over the use of inotropes in free tissue transfer surgery, we assessed the effect of different intra‐operative dobutamine infusion rates on blood flow in the anastomosed recipient artery. Twenty patients undergoing head and neck tumour resection and immediate reconstructive surgery with free tissue transfer were recruited. After completion of the microvascular anastomoses, patients received dobutamine infusions of 2, 4 and 6 microg x kg(‐1) x min(‐1) in a randomised order. After steady state dobutamine concentration was achieved, mean and maximum blood flow in the arterial anastomosis was measured at each concentration, using the Medi‐Stim Butterfly Flowmeter system. Systemic haemodynamic parameters were simultaneously recorded using a pulse contour cardiac output system. Both mean and maximum blood flow increased significantly in the anastomosed artery at dobutamine infusions of 4 and 6 microg x kg(‐1) x min(‐1) and this was accompanied by increased cardiac output. This may improve free flap perfusion.
Increased dietary protein intake lowers blood pressure in overweight subjects$$$ Introduction: Several intervention trials have shown that diet composition affects blood pressure. In this study we focused on the effect of dietary protein content on blood pressure. Methods: In this randomized double‐blind parallel group study, 94 adult untreated overweight subjects with mildly elevated blood pressure (BP) (BMI 25‐35 kg/m2, BP > 130/85 and < 160/95 mm Hg) were included. After a 2‐week run‐in period on a weightmaintaining standardized diet (15 en% protein (P), 30 en% fat (F) and 55 en% carbohydrate (C)), subjects were randomized to a high P or a high C diet for 4 weeks. On the high C diet 60 g of C of the run‐in diet was replaced by 3x20 g of maltodextrin supplements, on the high P diet 60 g of C was replaced by 3x20 g of a protein supplement (mixture of 20% pea, 20% soy, 30% egg and 30% milk protein isolate). Supplements were matched for Na, K, Ca and Mg content and taken with each meal. Office and 24‐h ambulatory blood pressures (ABP) were assessed at the end of the run‐in and after 4 weeks supplement use. BP differences between groups after 4 weeks were analyzed by ANCOVA with BP at the end of the run‐in as covariate. Results: At the end of run‐in office BP (mean ± SE) was 142.6 ± 1.6/92.2 ± 0.9 mm Hg in the C and 143.3 ± 1.8/92.9 ± 1.0 mm Hg in the P group$$$ daytime ambulatory BPs were 147.5 ± 1.8/91.0 ± 1.1 mm Hg and 147.2 ± 1.8/92.5 ± 1.2 mm Hg respectively. After 4 weeks, office SBP and DBP were lower in the P than in the C group (‐4.9 mm Hg (95% CI ‐1.5, ‐8.2), p = 0.005 and ‐2.7 mm Hg (‐0.1, ‐5.4), p = 0.045) and daytime ambulatory SBP tended to be (‐4.1 mm Hg (0.2, ‐8.3), p = 0.06). No significant between‐group differences in daytime ambulatory DBP (‐1.7 mm Hg (1.3, ‐4.8), p = 0.26) or night‐time blood pressures were found. Conclusion: An increase in dietary protein content, in exchange for dietary carbohydrates (glucose), in a weight‐maintaining diet lowers blood pressure in overweight subjects with mild blood pressure elevation.
Walking to better health after stroke: a feasibility randomised-controlled trial$$$ Background: Physical activity (PA) levels in stroke survivors are low despite evidence that regular PA is safe and can reduce recurrent stroke and other cardiovascular events. Aims: To evaluate the feasibility of a 12‐week physiotherapist‐facilitated, pedometer‐driven walking programme for stroke survivors to improve health and wellbeing. Methods: Community‐dwelling stroke survivors were allocated to either a walking intervention (WG, n=12) or usual care (n=11) control group using minimisation (age, sex, ethnicity and time since stroke). WG participants met a physiotherapist weekly and received a Fitbit Zip™ (FBZ) activity‐tracker. Step targets, daily step counts recorded via the FBZ, action and coping plans were recorded in a walking dairy. Recruitment, programme adherence, adverse events, physiotherapist contact time were evaluated along with WG participant and physiotherapist experiences. Results: Participants were recruited at a rate of 2‐3 people per month. Retention was 87%. Median age was 64.5 (between 50 and 82 years) and 56% of participants were female.WG median percentage adherence with the weekly step/day targets was 75% (between 40 and 100%). Adverse events relating to the intervention included FBZ battery failure, fatigue and musculoskeletal pain. The majority of participants described the FBZ as easy to use and motivating. Median physiotherapist contact time was 10 hours (between 8.45 and 12 hours). Physiotherapists found the programme well‐structured, but suggested prior experience of health behaviour change approaches essential. Conclusion: The 12‐week walking programme appears feasible for stroke survivors to increase PA. Long‐term follow‐up is required to ascertain ongoing adherence, health benefits, and cost effectiveness.
Weight reduction is feasible - Preliminary results of a controlled, randomised intervention study in overweight adults$$$ In the present study the effect of different lifestyle interventions, aimed at reducing body weight and body fat mass, were tested in a clinically controlled randomised design. Three different groups of 30 randomly selected persons each were formed: Group 1, dietary intervention$$$ group II, dietary intervention + guided physical exercise$$$ group III, health education (counselling about health claims, diet and exercise). The trial lasted 12 months. The dietary intervention consisted of a soy and milk protein supplement (Almased®)$$$ the dosage of supplement intake was individually defined in consideration of body weight. As primary efficacy parameter of the intervention, body composition (body fat, lean body mass) was measured by means of the BodPod® technology$$$ the BodPod® technology measures body composition in analogy to hydrostatic weighing, using computerised pressure sensors to determine the amount of air displaced by the person's body. In addition, body weight, BMI, WHR, waist circumference, physical performance, parameters of the metabolic syndrome, lipid metabolism and inflammatory markers were documented to objectify the therapeutic benefit of the intervention. Here, we present the results after 6 months of intervention. In all groups the intervention led to a reduction in body fat mass and a favourable modification of pro‐atherogenic and pro‐inflammatory risk factors. Dietary intervention reduced body weight to a higher degree (mean weight loss ‐8.9 kg) than lifestyle education alone (mean weight loss ‐6.2 kg). Physical exercise added to the dietary intervention program (group II) did not increase weight loss. The dietary intervention as a low‐fat/high‐protein diet, aimed at reducing body weight by 0.5 kg/wk, was not associated with an undesirable loss in muscle mass. In conclusion, the results of the present study indicate that significant weight loss by dietary intervention with a negative energy balance in the range of 700 kcal/d is feasible and does not impair body composition in terms of a reduction in muscle mass.
Obesity and mental health improvement following nutritional education focusing on gut microbiota composition in Japanese women: a randomised controlled trial$$$ PURPOSE: Gut microbiota composition was supposedly related to obesity and psychological factors. We examined the effects of a nutritional education intervention focusing on gut microbiota composition on obesity and psychological factors among obese women. METHODS: Forty‐four obese Japanese women aged 40 or older were randomly assigned to either an intervention group (n = 22) or control group (n = 22). The intervention consisted of a 20‐min dietary lecture and a 10‐min counselling session by registered dieticians, every 2 weeks for eight consecutive weeks. Body weight, height, waist circumference, food frequency, and gut microbiota composition were measured, and self‐rated health and psychological factors were scored before and after the intervention. RESULTS: All participants completed the 8 week program. After the intervention, dietary fibre intake (p < 0.01), frequency of vegetable consumption (p = 0.020), and frequency of milk and milk product consumption (p < 0.01) increased significantly in the intervention group compared with the control group. Body weight and body mass index (BMI$$$ p < 0.001), waist circumference (p < 0.01), and the depression scale score (p < 0.01) decreased significantly, while significant improvements were found in self‐rated health (p = 0.045) and microbiome diversity (p < 0.01). CONCLUSION: Nutritional education focusing on gut microbiota composition may improve obesity and psychological factors in obese women.
Variability in adipokines profile of newborns and their mothers after DHA supplementation in pregnancy$$$ Background/aims Most studies of DHA supplementation during pregnancy and infant development are focused on visual and neural development. However, scarce information is available about the influence of DHA supplementation on adipokines expression, which are related to adipose tissue metabolism and obesity Aim Evaluate the effect of DHA supplemented dairy drink consumption during pregnancy and breastfeeding on the expression of several adipokines in mothers (pregnancy, delivery and breastfeeding) and their newborns (birth and 2.5 months of age) Methods 60 women were randomly assigned to two intervention groups: A) Control Group (n = 30)$$$ B) Supplemented Group (n = 30): The women took 2 glasses/day of the supplemented drink (400 mg DHA/day). Dietary intervention began in week 28th of pregnancy and concluded when breastfeeding stopped. Samples of blood were obtained from: the mothers, the umbilical vein and artery$$$ the newborn at 2.5 months postpartum. Adiponectin, resistin, leptin and active PAI‐1 plasma levels were determined using a panel from Luminex xMAP technology Results Adiponectin was higher in the supplemented group in umbilical cord artery, whereas active‐PAI showed a lower value in this group, although we observed an increase in mother's blood during delivery. Resistin did not show any difference. Leptin was higher in the supplemented group in umbilical cord Conclusion The most noteworthy result is the effect of DHA supplementation in umbilical cord artery adipokine levels, increasing the adiponectin and decreasing the active PAI‐1. In addition, active PAI‐1 increases in mothers during delivery. It is also interesting the increase in the supplemented group of leptin.
Effect of Virechana Karma, Kostha-Shudhdhi and Matra-Basti in the treatment of Pakshaghata (Paralysis)$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Group A: Patients would undergo classical Virechana karma with Eranda taila 50‐100 ml along with milk 50‐100 ml followed by Matra‐Basti with Bala taila 48 ml for 9 days (Sadharana Matra). Control Intervention1: Group B: Patients would undergo classical Virechana karma with Eranda taila 50‐100 ml along with milk 50‐100 ml followed by Matra‐Basti with Bala taila 24 ml to 72 ml in 9 days by increasing 6 ml every day (Aarohana Matra). Control Intervention2: Group C: Patients would undergo Kostha‐Sudhdhi with Eranda Bhrishta Haritaki 5 gm HS along with warm water followed by Matra‐Basti with Bala taila 48 ml for 9 days(Sadharana Matra). CONDITION: Health Condition 1: I69‐ Sequelae of cerebrovascular disease PRIMARY OUTCOME: Relief in signs and symptoms of Pakshaghata (Hemiplegia)Timepoint: 25 DAYS SECONDARY OUTCOME: Improvement in quality of life of patientTimepoint: 25 DAYS INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients diagnosed as Pakshaghata (CVA with hemiplegia). Patients who are Yogya for Virechana karma and Sneha‐Basti. Age group of 20‐70 yrs. will be selected. Patient willing to participate in the trial.
Treatment of postoperatively depressive patients with breast cancer by Ruyan prescription$$$ Objective: To observe the improvement of the Ruyan prescription for the patients with depressive patients after breast cancer. Methods: Using the SDS score of patients with breast cancer after operation, more than 41 points were selected, using the envelope method were randomly divided into two groups. The treatment group was treated with milk rock for 3 months, and the control group was given 3 months of traditional Chinese medicine without milk rock. 3 months later, reassessment was made to evaluate the improvement of symptoms and quality of life. Results: The total score of SDS decreased from (45.40 ± 1.51) to (33.9 ±1.54) in the treatment group, and decreased from (46.60 ± 1.12) to (42.75 ± 1.37) in the control group. The improvement in the treatment group was better than that in the control group (P<0.05). The treatment group had significant difference in depression, crying, sleep disorders, constipation, palpitation, tiredness, restlessness, despair, irritability and other aspects (P<0.05), while the control group only had significant difference in palpitation, tiredness and hopelessness (P<0.05). Conclusion: Ruyan prescription can improve the depressive condition of breast cancer after operation, and there is no obvious side effect.
DASH Diet Accordant Foods in the Homes of Urban African Americans at Risk for CKD$$$ Background: The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet is recommended for the treatment of hypertension, especially among African Americans (AAs). Many barriers may hinder urban AAs from following the DASH diet, putting them at increased risk of poor health outcomes, including CKD. Methods: In a randomized trial of urban AAs with uncontrolled hypertension, we assessed (via interview and home inspection) the presence of DASH diet accordant foods and full‐sized kitchen appliances needed to prepare DASH meals. We examined factors associated with having DASH diet accordant foods or needed appliances using logistic models adjusted for age, sex, food insecurity (skipping meals due to lack of money), income, literacy, diabetes, obesity, CKD (eGFR<60 or albuminuria) and comorbid disease (Charlson Index). Results: Among 159 participants, mean age was 57 yrs and 74% were female. Only 14.5% had 5 of the DASH food categories in their homes (fruits, vegetables, low fat dairy, whole grains, plant proteins). Over 80% had full‐sized ovens and refrigerators. Conclusions: The homes of urban AAs at high risk for CKD were often lacking either foods or needed appliances required for DASH meals. The lack of these items was associated with CKD, younger age, low income and/or low literacy. Interventions to improve DASH adherence in this high‐risk group should consider these factors. (Figure Presented).
Larger bowl size increases the amount of cereal children request, consume, and waste$$$ OBJECTIVE: To examine whether larger bowls bias children toward requesting more food from the adults who serve them. STUDY DESIGN: Study 1 was a between‐subject design involving 69 preschool‐age children who were randomized to receive either a small (8 oz) or large (16 oz) cereal bowl and were asked to tell researchers how much cereal they wanted for a morning snack. Study 2 was a within‐subject design involving 18 school‐age children at a summer camp who were given a small (8 oz) cereal bowl on one day and a large (16 oz) cereal bowl on another day and asked by a cafeteria server how much cereal and milk they wanted for breakfast. Hidden scales measured how much cereal and milk were served, consumed, and wasted. Body mass index was calculated at the end of the study. RESULTS: In study 1, the young children requested almost twice as much cereal to eat when presented with the larger bowl compared with the smaller bowl. In study 2, the older children consumed 52% more and wasted 26% more when served in the larger bowl. CONCLUSION: A step toward potentially reducing overeating and waste would be for parents and adult caregivers to use smaller bowls for serving food to children.
Efficacy of Low-glycemic Index Medical Food on Satiety$$$ INTERVENTION: Experimental Dietary Supplement,Placebo Comparator No treatment Low GI medical food , 300 ml (327.33 kcal) was served for breakfast. ,Soybean milk, 300 ml (327.33 kcal) was served for breakfast as control diet Low glycemic index medical food,Soybean milk CONDITION: Low glycemic index medical food$$$ Gut hormone$$$ Satiety Obesity $$$ Low glycemic index medical food$$$ Gut hormone$$$ Satiety PRIMARY OUTCOME: Gut hormones (Plasma GLP‐1, ghrelin, and total PYY ) baseline, 30, 60, 120, and 240 minutes after breakfast Milliplex MAP kits SECONDARY OUTCOME: Satiety before, 30, 60, 90, 120, 150, 180, 210, and 240 minutes after each breakfast Visual analog scale,Buffet lunch intake The end of study (240 min later after breakfast) record INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Normal weight and obesity adults (10 males and 10 females per group) which classified by percentage of body fat. 2. Subjects who used not of medicine or weight loss supplements 3. Subjects who had no medical history of gastritis or use of antacid
Weight loss and reductions in body mass index, abdominal-girth and -depth after a 12 week dietary intervention of soya beans (edamame)$$$ Weight loss strategies utilising dietary protein have been extensively studied. Some success has been evident with highprotein‐ low‐carbohydrate diets$$$ however these by nature include high fat meat or dairy produce and as such contain large amounts of saturated fat and cholesterol and may not sustain a quality diet. Literature suggests that protein supresses hunger beyond what would be estimated from its energy content(1). Substituting even modest amounts of protein for carbohydrate is thought to reduce abdominal obesity(2) and could therefore be of benefit in replacing some carbohydrates with sources of protein which are low in saturated fat. The aim of this study was to examine the efficacy in maintaining energy balance or weight loss in a free‐living population while incorporating frozen soya beans (edamame) into the diet and to assess changes in body weight and composition. Overweight and obese women (BMI > 25 kg/m2) were recruited from East Lothian, Scotland and randomised to test or control groups. Both groups were given healthy lifestyle advice while the test group were also given soya beans and asked to consume 80 g/day. Participants were reviewed at baseline, 4, 8 and 12 weeks when body weight (Wt), BMI, waist circumference (WC) and sagittal abdominal depth (SAD) were measured. Median (M) and interquartile range (IQR) values are presented below. Sixteen women median age 49 (IQR 18) years completed the intervention programme. Significant reductions in BMI, body weight, WC and SAD were evident p < 0•05. [TABLE PRESENTED] These interim results indicate that incorporating soya beans into the diet, as part of a healthy lifestyle, may assist in weight loss and improvements in abdominal obesity in an overweight/obese female population. However, it remains to be elucidated whether these results can be generalised to the population as a whole and whether improvements in other lifestyle behaviours such as activity contribute to the weight loss seen. Further investigation into controlling energy intake in association with elevated protein from soya beans may provide an effective weight‐loss strategy.
Substitution or addition? How overweight and obese adults incorporate vegetables into their diet during a randomized controlled vegetable feeding trial$$$ Objective: When attempting to eat healthier, individuals may add vegetables to their diet (addition) without changing other eating behaviors. Alternatively, individuals adding vegetables may decrease consumption of other foods (substitution). Distinguishing between the two means of incorporation of vegetables into the diet has implications for behavior change interventions. Methods: This abstract reports preliminary data from the intervention arm of an 8‐week, randomized, controlled, community‐based feeding study with an 8‐week follow‐up. One of the study aims is to determine whether adding vegetables to the diet results in participants substituting low‐energy‐dense vegetables for energydense foods, or whether energy‐dense food consumption is maintained and is independent of changes in vegetable consumption. For 8 weeks intervention participants were provided minimally‐processed, washed, cut, packed servings of vegetables. The vegetables provided ∼300 kcals/day. Participants chose vegetables within each category of the Dietary Guidelines for Americans recommendations but were required to choose amounts for their energy needs. Participants were not told how to incorporate the vegetables into their diet, only that they must eat all vegetables given to them. Substitution was measured in two ways: 1) by 3 baseline 24‐hr recalls using the Automated Self‐Administered 24‐hour Recall and 3 recalls during each 4‐week period, and 2) by self‐report using a consumption log. Daily intakes of energy and food groups were compared using a mixed linear model with Tukey's contrasts for pairwise comparison of means. Results: The 14 intervention participants to date were 86% female, with mean age and BMI of 37.9 ± 12.8y and 36.7 ± 9.1 kg/m2, respectively. There was no difference in reported energy intake between baseline (2043 ± 235 kcal (SE)) and intervention (1944 ± 177 kcal$$$ P=0.80). Participants reported consuming more vegetables (3.7 ± 0.3 vs 1.4 ± 0.2 servings$$$ P<0.001) and legumes (1.25 ± 0.24 vs 0.20 ± 0.08 P<0.001) and less of the meat, poultry and shellfish group (2.7 ± 0.3 vs 4.3 ± 0.8 servings, P=0.05) during the intervention compared to baseline. There was no change in reported intake of fruits (P=0.95), grains (P=0.55), dairy (P=0.98), oils (P=0.72), added sugars (P=0.93), and solid fats (P=0.31). Participants reported consuming 265 ± 21 kcal in vegetables and 56 ± 12 kcal from legumes per day during the intervention, an increase of 126 ± 31 kcal and 38 ± 14 kcal, respectively, from baseline (P<0.05). Participants self‐reported substituting vegetables for other food groups 29% of the time. The most oftenreported food groupings that vegetables were substituted for were main dishes (37%) and snack foods (24%). Conclusions: Emphasis should be placed on encouraging people to substitute vegetables for energy‐dense foods that should be consumed in moderation, such as those high in solid fats, added sugars, and refined grains.
A Novel Dietary Assessment Method to Measure a Healthy and Sustainable Diet Using the Mobile Food Record: protocol and Methodology$$$ The world‐wide rise in obesity parallels growing concerns of global warming and depleting natural resources. These issues are often considered separately but there may be considerable benefit to raising awareness of the impact of dietary behaviours and practices on the food supply. Australians have diets inconsistent with recommendations, typically low in fruit and vegetables and high in energy‐dense nutrient‐poor foods and beverages (EDNP). These EDNP foods are often highly processed and packaged, negatively influencing both health and the environment. This paper describes a proposed dietary assessment method to measure healthy and sustainable dietary behaviours using 4‐days of food and beverage images from the mobile food record (mFR) application. The mFR images will be assessed for serves of fruit and vegetables (including seasonality), dairy, eggs and red meat, poultry and fish, ultra‐processed EDNP foods, individually packaged foods, and plate waste. A prediction model for a Healthy and Sustainable Diet Index will be developed and tested for validity and reliability. The use of the mFR to assess adherence to a healthy and sustainable diet is a novel and innovative approach to dietary assessment and will have application in population monitoring, guiding intervention development, educating consumers, health professionals and policy makers, and influencing dietary recommendations.
Compliance, Palatability and Feasibility of PALEOLITHIC and Australian Guide to Healthy Eating Diets in Healthy Women: a 4-Week Dietary Intervention$$$ (1) BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: The Paleolithic diet has been receiving media coverage in Australia and claims to improve overall health. The diet removes grains and dairy, whilst encouraging consumption of fruits, vegetables, meat, eggs and nuts. Our aim was to compare the diet to the Australian Guide to Healthy Eating (AGHE) in terms of compliance, palatability and feasibility$$$ (2) SUBJECTS/METHODS: 39 healthy women (age 47 ± 13 years, BMI 27 ± 4 kg/m²) were randomised to an ad‐libitum Paleolithic (n = 22) or AGHE diet (n = 17) for 4‐weeks. A food checklist was completed daily, with mean discretionary consumption (serves/day) calculated to assess compliance. A 12‐item questionnaire was administered post intervention to assess palatability and feasibility$$$ (3) RESULTS: The AGHE group reported greater daily consumption of discretionary items (1.0 + 0.6 vs. 0.57 + 0.6 serves/day, p = 0.03). Compared to the AGHE group, the Paleolithic group reported a significantly greater number of events of diarrhoea (23%, 0%, p = 0.046), costs associated with grocery shopping (69%, 6% p < 0.01) and belief that the diet was not healthy (43%, 0% p < 0.01)$$$ (4) CONCLUSIONS: Compliance to both diets was high but the potential side effects and increased cost suggest that the Paleolithic diet may not be practical in clinical/public health settings. Further studies are required to assess longer term feasibility.
Dietary interventions on gut microbiota in relation to obesity: review$$$ Background and Aims: Obesity is recognized as a major epidemic health problem of the 21st century with continuous increasing prevalence and with multi‐causal etiology requiring a holistic and complex treatment. The human microbiota plays a key role in driving metabolic activities in particulary in the breakdown of complex dietary compounds essential to health.Evidence indicates that disturbances in human microbiota composition may lead to susceptibility to chronic diseases such as obesity. Interventional dietary strategies on microbiome must be taken account to design an effective plan of prevention or therapy of obesity. Objectives: The aim of this rewiew is to summarize the newest available data regarding the influence of different dietary interventions on gut microbiota in relation to obesity in humans. Methods: Seven randomized clinical trials, conducted on humans between 2015 and 2019 have been retried. The dietary interventions include a Gastrointestinal Microbiome Modulator, Low or High Dairy intake, Phenol‐Enriched Olive Oils, Varying Macronutrients intake, Whole grain‐rich diet, Akermansia municiphila supplement respectively High Quality Extra Virgin Olive Oil. Results: The results of this rewiew show that different dietary interventions induce changing in microbiota composition which is accompanied by different degrees of weight loss. Conclusions: Dietary interventions on gut microbiota have positive effects on gut microbial activity with potentially impact on body weight regulation. Consequently, gut microbiota composition may be used as a diagnostic or prognostic tool to predict the potential success of dietary interventions on obesity.The interaction between gut microbiota ecology and dietary components need further investigation.
Low-income, African American adolescent mothers and their toddlers exhibit similar dietary variety patterns$$$ OBJECTIVE: To examine the relationship between maternal and toddler dietary variety. DESIGN: Longitudinal$$$ maternal and toddler dietary data were collected at 13 months$$$ anthropometry was collected at 13 and 24 months. SETTING: Data were collected in homes. PARTICIPANTS: 109 primiparous, low‐income, African American adolescent mothers and toddlers. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Maternal and toddler dietary variety and toddler obesity at 24 months. ANALYSIS: Correlations were computed to estimate associations between maternal and toddler dietary variety at 13 months$$$ multiple logistic regression analyses were conducted to estimate associations between maternal and toddler diet and toddler growth. RESULTS: Maternal and toddler fruit, vegetable, snack, meat, dairy, and soda variety were significantly correlated. There was no association between maternal and toddler dietary variety and obesity at 24 months. Adolescent mothers who purchased groceries consumed more fruits and vegetables and provided more variety for their toddlers than those who relied on others to purchase groceries. CONCLUSIONS AND IMPLICATIONS: Adolescent mothers and toddlers exhibited similar dietary patterns$$$ consuming more sweets and less fruits and vegetables than recommended. Toddlerhood is an optimal time to address healthful dietary patterns and to help adolescent mothers influence grocery purchasing decisions. Goals are to establish healthful dietary patterns and reduce pediatric obesity.
Compliance, palatability and feasibility of paleolithic and Australian guide to healthy eating diets in healthy women: a 4-week dietary intervention$$$ (1) Background/Objectives: The Paleolithic diet has been receiving media coverage in Australia and claims to improve overall health. The diet removes grains and dairy, whilst encouraging consumption of fruits, vegetables, meat, eggs and nuts. Our aim was to compare the diet to the Australian Guide to Healthy Eating (AGHE) in terms of compliance, palatability and feasibility$$$ (2) Subjects/Methods: 39 healthy women (age 47 ± 13 years, BMI 27 ± 4 kg/m2) were randomised to an ad‐libitum Paleolithic (n = 22) or AGHE diet (n = 17) for 4‐weeks. A food checklist was completed daily, with mean discretionary consumption (serves/day) calculated to assess compliance. A 12‐item questionnaire was administered post intervention to assess palatability and feasibility$$$ (3) Results: The AGHE group reported greater daily consumption of discretionary items (1.0 + 0.6 vs. 0.57 + 0.6 serves/day, p = 0.03). Compared to the AGHE group, the Paleolithic group reported a significantly greater number of events of diarrhoea (23%, 0%, p = 0.046), costs associated with grocery shopping (69%, 6% p < 0.01) and belief that the diet was not healthy (43%, 0% p < 0.01)$$$ (4) Conclusions: Compliance to both diets was high but the potential side effects and increased cost suggest that the Paleolithic diet may not be practical in clinical/public health settings. Further studies are required to assess longer term feasibility.
Furosemide for prevention 72 hours postpartum hypertension in women with preeclampsia with severe features: a randomized controlled trial$$$ INTERVENTION: Experimental Drug,Placebo Comparator Drug Furosemide dose 20 mg oral once 3 days half tab of Furosemide 40 mg,Placebo half tab oral once 3 days Furosemide,Placebo CONDITION: Preeclampsia, Postpartum period, Hypertension Persistent postpartum hypertension in preeclampsia with severe feature $$$ Preeclampsia, Postpartum period, Hypertension PRIMARY OUTCOME: Blood pressure at 72 hours postpartum 72 hours postpartum Blood pressure measurement in mmHg SECONDARY OUTCOME: persistent hypertension at 72 hours postpartum 72 hours postpartum systolic blood pressure 140 mmHg or more OR diastolic blood pressure 90 mmHg or more,the use of antihypertensive medication at hospital discharge patient&#039$$$s antihypertensive drug at hospital discharge,Milk ejection performance 3 days postpartum milk ejection score (0‐4),Hospital stay after termination at hospital discharge number of days,Potassium level 6 hours after 2nd tab administration blood chemistry lab,creatinine level 6 hours after 2nd tab administration blood chemistry lab INCLUSION CRITERIA: Women who's 15 years old or more with preeclampsia with severe features who was undergone termination of pregnancy at 24 weeks' gestation or more
Effect of Unani formulations in Kidney Disease$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Safoof‐e‐Indrijulab: 6 capsules filled with Safoof‐e‐Indrijulab of 500mg with milk in the morning after food. (Total 3 gm/day). For 42 days Control Intervention1: Safoof‐e‐Shora Qalmi: 6 capsules filled with Safoof‐e‐Shora Qalmi of 750 mg with milk in the morning after food (Total 5gm/day). For 42 days CONDITION: Health Condition 1: N181‐ Chronic kidney disease, stage 1 Health Condition 2: N182‐ Chronic kidney disease, stage 2 (mild) Health Condition 3: N183‐ Chronic kidney disease, stage 3 (moderate) PRIMARY OUTCOME: 1.Improvement in eGFR $$$ 2.Reduction in Sr. creatinine $$$ Timepoint: 0th, 7th, 14th, 21st, 28th, 35th, 42nd day $$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: nilTimepoint: nil INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1.Diagnosed cases of CKD stage 1 to 3b associated with or without hypertension and/or diabetes mellitus on treatment 2.eGFR â?¥30‐ â?¤90 ml/min/1.73 m2 (CKD‐EPI 2009) 3.Sr. creatinine level â?¥ 1.1‐ â?¤ 6 mg/dL (Jaffe method) 4.Patients who will give consent and able to do follow up
Tagaradi Capsule in insomnia$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Tagaradi Capsule: 2 capsules of 500 mg with luke warm milk once at bedtime for 8 weeks Control Intervention1: Placebo (starch) capsule: 2 capsules of 500 mg with luke warm milk once at bedtime for 8 weeks CONDITION: patients suffering from insomnia PRIMARY OUTCOME: relief in signs and symptoms of Anidra (Insomnia)‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 8 weeks SECONDARY OUTCOME: relief in signs and symptoms of Anidra (Insomnia) and regular normal sleep‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 8 weeks INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Patients of both sexes in between the age group 18‐75 years. 2. Patients suffering from following type of disturbed sleep pattern. 1) Sleep onset insomnia (Difficulty to taking sleep at the beginning of the night) 2) Sleep maintenance insomnia (Difficulty to maintain the sleep) 3) Nocturnal awakening (Difficulty to returning to sleep after awakening in the middle of the night or wakening early in the morning) 4) Rebound insomnia (Patients who has developed dependence to sedatives) 5) Circadian rhythm disorders (Sleeping pattern changes) 6) Patients having insomnia more than 2 weeks, less than 6 months 3. Patients of insomnia with mild hypertension, mild depression and anxiety disorders without any complains of other major diseases.
A decrease in diet quality occurs during pregnancy in overweight and obese women which is maintained post-partum$$$ BACKGROUND: Ensuring adequate dietary intake during pregnancy has important implications for optimising maternal and fetal health. It is not known whether diet quality is altered over pregnancy and the post‐partum period. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to perform a comprehensive assessment of diet quality in overweight and obese women during pregnancy and early post‐partum. DESIGN: In a prospective cohort study, n=301 overweight or obese pregnant women completed a food frequency questionnaire at study entry (10‐20 weeks gestation), 28 weeks gestation, 36 weeks gestation and 4 months post‐partum for assessment of macronutrient and micronutrient intake and diet quality by the Healthy Eating Index (HEI). RESULTS: Energy, macronutrient and dietary sources of micronutrients did not alter across pregnancy or post‐partum. The HEI was of below average quality in 31.0% of women at baseline. This decreased from week 28 (P<0.001) and was maintained at a lower level post‐partum such that HEI levels were lower compared with study entry (53.3±12.7 versus 56.7±10.1, P<0.001). The HEI decrease occurred in association with decreases in the milk, meat and unsaturated oil components, and increases in the proportion of energy from solid fats, alcohol and added sugars (P<0.001), and was independently predicted by the socioeconomic index for areas score (β=‐0.011, s.e.=0.011, P=0.031). CONCLUSION: We report for the first time that dietary quality decreases across pregnancy and is maintained at this reduced level in the early post‐partum period in overweight and obese women. Dietary interventions aimed at improving diet quality should be targeted to early pregnancy and post‐partum.
The primary prevention of arterial hypertension. A meta-analysis of controlled clinical studies$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess the efficacy of non pharmacological primary prevention of hypertension. METHODS: Analysis of all the available trials with a minimal one‐year follow‐up and one recently study with 8 weeks follow‐up. The outcomes consisted in blood pressure changes and incidence of hypertension at the end of the study. RESULTS: Five reviewed randomized controlled trials with a minimal one year follow‐up and one recently study with eight weeks follow‐up assessed the following intervention: advice about sodium restriction, weight reduction, physical exercise and relaxation, a diet rich in fruits vegetables and low fat dairy foods. All the results were available according to the "intention to treat principle". The feasibility appeared to be initially good, but decreased with time, confirming the difficulty of long term prevention. The prevention effect was mild with a decrease in hypertension incidence of a few percent (2%) and blood pressure decrease of only a few mmHg reduction (mean of 3 mmHg). Three community studies were reviewed. The prevention interventions were carried out on entire populations. The feasibility was bad (great number of lost‐follow‐up). The results on the blood pressure incidence were available in only one study and the blood pressure decrease estimates were heterogeneous, so the results cannot be generalized. CONCLUSION: The primary prevention of hypertension shows disappointing results when the intervention duration is above one year. It leaves little hope for a significant effect on blood pressure dependent cardiovascular events.
Rationale and design of Faith-based Approaches in the Treatment of Hypertension (FAITH), a lifestyle intervention targeting blood pressure control among black church members$$$ BACKGROUND: Uncontrolled hypertension (HTN) is a significant public health problem among blacks in the United States. Despite the proven efficacy of therapeutic lifestyle change (TLC) on blood pressure (BP) reduction in clinical trials, few studies have examined their effectiveness in church‐based settings‐an influential institution for health promotion in black communities. METHODS: Using a cluster‐randomized, 2‐arm trial design, this study evaluates the effectiveness of a faith‐based TLC intervention vs health education (HE) control on BP reduction among hypertensive black adults. The intervention is delivered by trained lay health advisors through group TLC sessions plus motivational interviewing in 32 black churches. Participants in the intervention group receive 11 weekly TLC sessions targeting weight loss, increasing physical activity, fruit, vegetable and low‐fat dairy intake, and decreasing fat and sodium intake, plus 3 monthly individual motivational interviewing sessions. Participants in the control group attend 11 weekly classes on HTN and other health topics delivered by health care experts. The primary outcome is change in BP from baseline to 6 months. Secondary outcomes include level of physical activity, percent change in weight, and fruit and vegetable consumption at 6 months, and BP control at 9 months. CONCLUSION: If successful, this trial will provide an alternative and culturally appropriate model for HTN control through evidence‐based lifestyle modification delivered in churches by lay health advisors.
Effects of the PREMIER interventions on health-related quality of life$$$ BACKGROUND: Health‐related quality of life (HRQOL) is an important aspect of well‐being that may improve with health behavior interventions. However, health behavior change is difficult with pressure to maintain status quo. PURPOSE: This report examines the effects of two lifestyle interventions and an advice‐only condition on HRQOL. Effects of meeting behavioral goals and weight loss also were examined. METHODS: Participants were 295 men and 467 women (34% African American) with pre‐hypertension or stage 1 hypertension from the PREMIER trial. HRQOL was assessed by the Short Form‐36. Participants were assigned randomly to (1) advice only (ADVICE), (2) established guidelines for blood pressure control (EST), or (3) established guidelines plus the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) dietary pattern (EST + DASH). RESULTS: Assignment to EST resulted in improvement in three HRQOL subscales at 6 months and one at 18 months relative to ADVICE. EST + DASH improved in two subscales at 6 and 18 months compared with ADVICE. Across conditions, total fat, saturated fat, fruit, and vegetable intake change, along with ≥ 4‐kg weight loss, resulted in HRQOL improvements at 6 and 18 months. No improvement was found for change in physical activity, and only a few HRQOL subscales were associated with change in sodium and low‐fat dairy intake. CONCLUSIONS: Intensive lifestyle interventions can result in improvements in HRQOL. Change in dietary intake and weight loss is also important.
Effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) Eating Plan on the Metabolic Side Effects of Corticosteroid Medications$$$ OBJECTIVE: We aimed to determine the effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet on the metabolic side effects of corticosteroid medication use. DESIGN: A randomized clinical trial was undertaken in 60 patients on corticosteroid therapy for 10 weeks. Patients were randomly assigned to a DASH or control diet. Carbohydrate, protein, and fat in both groups were 50‐60%, 15‐20%, 30%, respectively. DASH diet was a diet rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, low‐fat dairy products, and low in total and saturated fat and cholesterol, refined grains, and also sweets. Fasting blood samples were collected to determine blood glucose and lipid profile. Blood pressure and anthropometric measurements were measured based on the standard guidelines. RESULTS: The mean age and body mass index (BMI) were 31.1 ± 3.6 year and 26.9 ± 2.6 kg/m(2), respectively. There were no significant differences between age and BMI in two groups at baseline. No significant difference was observed in body weight and waist circumference following the DASH diet compared to control diet. Systolic and diastolic blood pressures were significantly different following the DASH eating pattern (P = 0.04). Serum total cholesterol and fasting blood glucose significantly decreased in those following the DASH diet after adjustment for potential confounders. CONCLUSION: The DASH diet had beneficial effects on several metabolic side effects among patients using corticosteroid medications.
Hypertension Prevention Trial (HPT): food pattern changes resulting from intervention on sodium, potassium, and energy intake. Hypertension Prevention Trial Research Group$$$ The Hypertension Prevention Trial (HPT) was a multicenter randomized trial designed to assess the effects of long‐term dietary changes on blood pressure in a normotensive population (diastolic blood pressure greater than or equal to 78 but less than 90 mm Hg) for a period of 3 years. The dietary treatments were reduction of sodium intake, increase of potassium intake, and decrease of energy intake. Estimates of changes in food intake were made by comparing 24‐hour food records of the treatment and control participants. The participants in the treatment groups reported sodium intakes that were 30% to 40% lower than those of the controls. The restriction was achieved mainly by reducing intake of salt, meats, and grain products. Meats and grain products were still a major source of total sodium intake after treatment (41% to 47%), perhaps because of continued use of processed foods. Potassium intake was reported to be 16% to 25% higher in the treatment groups than in the controls, the increase achieved largely through increased consumption of fruits, with a lesser contribution from vegetables. Participants with higher initial body weights reported smaller increases in fruit and vegetable consumption than participants of normal weight, perhaps because of concerns about weight gain. Energy intake in the weight loss groups was 8% to 11% less than that of the controls. Men reported success in restricting calories from meats, dairy products, fats, beverages, and sugars. Women were less successful in restricting calories from most food groups.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet on the pressure-natriuresis relationship$$$ Blood pressure‐lowering mechanisms of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet, rich in fruits, vegetables, and low‐fat dairy foods, were analyzed based on the pressure‐natriuresis relationship. Participants (n=375) were randomly assigned to control or DASH diet groups by using a parallel‐group design. They then ate their assigned diet for 3 consecutive 30‐day intervention feeding periods, during which sodium intake varied among 3 levels by a randomly assigned sequence. Urinary sodium excretion rate and mean arterial pressure were measured at the end of each sodium intake level. Mean arterial pressure and urinary sodium excretion were plotted on x and y axes, respectively, for participants eating control and DASH diets and were modeled as linear relationships for simplicity to allow the estimation of the extrapolated x‐intercept and slope of the relationships. The DASH diet steepened the slope of the relationship (29.5+/‐3.4 vs 64.9+/‐13.1 [mmol/d]/mm Hg, P=0.0002) without significantly shifting the x‐intercept (94.1+/‐0.5 vs 93.2+/‐0.6 mm Hg, NS) of the relationship. These data suggest a natriuretic action of the DASH diet.
Effect of extracts squeezed from Agaricus blazei for high-normal blood pressure or mild hypertension on human blood pressure$$$ Extracts squeezed from Agaricus blazei fruits‐body (ABFE) contain γ‐aminobutyric acid (GABA), which expect hypotensive effects in hypertensive persons. We investigated hypotensive effects of A‐extract in a double blind trial, 134 adults (averaged 48 years old) with high‐normal blood pressure or mild hypertension. The amount of GABA in A‐extract prepared 4 groups, which contain placebo (A group), 20mg GABA/ 50mL ABFE (B group), 40mg GABA/50mL ABFE (C group) and 70mg GABA/50mL ABFE (D group). All subjects were administrated once dairy for 8weeks. The results revealed that C group significantly decreased diastolic blood pressure (DBP) at 8 weeks in comparison with A group. C group significantly decreased systolic blood pressure (SBP) at 6 and 8 weeks and DBP at from 4 to 8 weeks in comparison with A group. D group significantly decreased systolic blood pressure (SBP) at 6 and 8 weeks and DBP at from 2 to 8 weeks in comparison with A group. B and D group increased blood pressure after finished administration of ABFE at once. Furthermore, subjective symptom, objective symptom, and blood examination were not observed in all subjects. These results of this study suggested that ABFE has hypotensive effects in adults with high‐normal and mild hypertension, and optimal concentration of GABA is 40mg GABA/50mL ABFE.
Intermittent Fasting and Weight Loss$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Intermittent Fasting: It involves two meal a day strategy (14/10) with no food in‐between. (Only water, tea, coffee can be taken without sugar and little milk) for 6 months. Intervention2: Intermittent Fasting: It involves two meals a day strategy(14/10). Control Intervention1: Routine Practice: No fasting intervention â?? but routine diet and exercise as advised by dietician, physicians/doctors for 6 months. CONDITION: PRIMARY OUTCOME: Weight Loss (kg)Timepoint: 3 months, 6 months SECONDARY OUTCOME: Improvement in lipid and inflammatory markers, body composition (fat and muscle mass)Timepoint: 3 months, 6 months INCLUSION CRITERIA: Participants (1) aged 18â??65 years, (2) with a BMI >â??23.0 ‐ <30.0 kg/m2(overweight/obese grade I), (3) able and willing to comply with study procedures, (4) willing to undertake required fasting durations, and (5) with the capacity to provide informed consent will be included in the study
Participants in a commercial online weight loss program can improve diet quality during weight loss: a randomized controlled trial$$$ Introduction: Higher diet quality is associated with less weight gain in cohort studies. However, limited research has examined diet quality within weight loss interventions. The aim was to compare changes in diet quality in overweight adults participating in a commercial webbased weight loss program and whether an association exists between diet quality and degree of weight loss. Methods: Overweight (BMI 25‐40kg/m2) adults (18‐60 years) were recruited from the Hunter Region, NSW, Australia. Participants were randomized to three groups: a standard weight loss program (Basic [n=94]), an enhanced version that provided additional personalized efeedback and reminders (Enhanced [n=98]), or a wait‐list control group (Control [n=97]). Diet quality was calculated using the Australian Recommended Food Score (ARFS) using dietary data from the Australian Eating Survey food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) at baseline and 12‐ weeks (n=289). Results: The mean change in ARFS in the enhanced group (2.2±5.7) was significantly higher (P=0.032) than the control group (0.1±6.6). There were no significant differences between the enhanced and basic (P=0.056), or basic and control groups (P=0.98). The ARFS, fruit, meat, grain, dairy and water scores at 12‐weeks were significantly associated with greater percentage weight loss (r= 0.13‐0.22, P=0.035 ‐ <0.001). Conclusion: Improvements in diet quality within a commercial weight control program were associated with greater weight loss. Future research could examine whether using brief tools to assess diet quality could reduce the burden of reporting diet in weight loss trials.
Effect of nutrient intake on intramuscular glucose metabolism during the early growth stage in cross-bred steers (Japanese Black malexHolstein female)$$$ The objective was to investigate the impact of nutrient intake during the early growth period on the expression of glucose metabolism‐related genes in skeletal muscle of cross‐bred cattle. From 1.5 to 5months of age, group H (n=7) animals were intensively fed a high‐protein and low‐fat milk replacer [crude protein (CP) 28%$$$ ether extracts (EE) 18%$$$ max: 2.0kg, 12l/day], and group R (n=7) animals were fed a restricted amount of normal milk replacer (CP 25%$$$ EE 23%$$$ max 0.5kg, 4l/day). From 6 to 10months of age, group H cattle were fed a high‐nutrition total mixed ration mainly prepared from grain feed, and group R cattle were fed only roughage. Blood samples were taken from each animal at three biopsy times (1.5, 5 and 10months of age), and the blood plasma concentration of glucose and insulin was analysed. In glucose concentration, there were no significant differences$$$ however, the concentrations of insulin were higher in group H than in group R at 5 and 10months of age. Muscle samples were taken by biopsy from longissimus thoracis muscle (LT) at 1.5, 5 and 10months of age. We analysed mRNA expression levels using the quantitative real‐time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) assay for glucose transporters (GLUT1 and GLUT4), insulin receptor, phosphatidylinositol 3‐kinase (PI‐3K), protein kinase B (PKB, also known as Akt), hexokinase 1 (HK1) and tumour necrosis factor alpha (TNFalpha). Although no differences were detected at 1.5 and 5months of age, at 10months of age, GLUT1, HK1 and TNFalpha mRNA expression levels were significantly higher in group H than in group R. These results suggested Glut1 that affects insulin‐independently mediated glucose uptake was more responsive to improved nutrition during early growth stage than GLUT4 that insulin‐dependently mediated glucose uptake in LT of cattle. 2012 Blackwell Verlag GmbH.
Mediterranean diet, Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension, and Pro-vegetarian dietary pattern in relation to the risk of basal cell carcinoma: a nested case-control study within the Seguimiento Universidad de Navarra (SUN) cohort$$$ BACKGROUND: The association of dietary pattern with the risk of basal cell carcinoma (BCC) is little understood and has scarcely been investigated. OBJECTIVES: We assessed the association of several complete dietary patterns [Mediterranean, Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH), and Pro‐vegetarian dietary pattern] with the risk of BCC, conducting a nested case‐control study (4 controls for each case). METHODS: Cases and controls were selected from the SUN (Seguimiento Universidad de Navarra) cohort using risk set sampling. Cases were identified among subjects free of skin cancer at baseline but who later reported a physician‐made BCC diagnosis during the follow‐up period. In the cohort we identified 101 incident cases of BCC. RESULTS: In multivariable‐adjusted conditional logistic regression analyses, better adherence to the Mediterranean diet (highest compared with lowest quintile) was associated with a 72% relative reduction in the odds of BCC (OR: 0.28$$$ 95% CI: 0.10, 0.77$$$ Ptrend = 0.014)$$$ the DASH diet was associated with a 68% RR reduction (OR: 0.32$$$ 95% CI: 0.14, 0.76$$$ Ptrend = 0.013) for the comparison between extreme quintiles. No association was found between a Pro‐vegetarian dietary pattern and BCC. Higher fruit consumption (highest compared with lowest quintile, OR: 0.27$$$ 95% CI: 0.11, 0.64$$$ Ptrend < 0.001) and low‐fat dairy products (OR: 0.39$$$ 95% CI: 0.16, 0.92$$$ Ptrend = 0.014) were associated with a lower BCC risk. CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that Mediterranean and DASH dietary patterns may be associated with a lower risk of BCC, but confirmatory studies are required.
Randomized trial on protein vs carbohydrate in ad libitum fat reduced diet for the treatment of obesity$$$ OBJECTIVE: To study the effect on weight loss in obese subjects by replacement of carbohydrate by protein in ad libitum consumed fat‐reduced diets. DESIGN: Randomized dietary intervention study over six months comparing two ad libitum fat reduced diets (30% of total energy) strictly controlled in composition: High‐carbohydrate (HC, protein 12% of total energy) or high‐protein (HP, protein 25% of total energy). SETTING AND PARTICIPANTS: Subjects were 65 healthy, overweight and obese subjects (50 women, 15 men, aged 18‐55 y) randomly assigned to HC (n = 25), HP (n = 25) or a control group (C, n = 15). All food was provided by self‐selection in a shop at the department, and compliance to the diet composition was evaluated by urinary nitrogen excretion. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Change in body weight, body composition and blood lipids. RESULTS: More than 90% completed the trial. Weight loss after six months was 5.1 kg in the HC group and 8.9 kg in the HP group (difference 3.7 kg, 95% confidence interval (CI)(1.3‐6.2 kg) P < 0.001), and fat loss was 4.3 kg and 7.6 kg, respectively (difference 3.3 kg (1.1‐5.5 kg) P < 0.0001), whereas no changes occurred in the control group. More subjects lost > 10 kg in the HP group (35%) than in the HC group (9%). The HP diet only decreased fasting plasma triglycerides and free fatty acids significantly. CONCLUSIONS: Replacement of some dietary carbohydrate by protein in an ad libitum fat‐reduced diet, improves weight loss and increases the proportion of subjects achieving a clinically relevant weight loss. More freedom to choose between protein‐rich and complex carbohydrate‐rich foods may allow obese subjects to choose more lean meat and dairy products, and hence improve adherence to low‐fat diets in weight reduction programs.
Biomarkers of intake of a Mediterranean Diet: which contribution from the gut microbiota?$$$ Introduction: Observational studies indicate that the adherence to a Mediterranean diet is inversely associated with the incidence of some noncommunicable chronic diseases. The effect may be mediated by the gut microbiota that can influence the etiopathogenetic mechanisms through some metabolites active at colon and/or systemic level. On the frame of the DINAMIC project the objective of this study is to shade light on the biomarkers of Mediterranean diet in association with the composition of gut microbiota. Methods: Eighty‐two overweight/obese volunteers at risk of cardiovascular diseases participated into the randomized controlled trial. Volunteers followed for 8 weeks a personalized diet, isocaloric compared to the habitual diet, and based on a typical mediterranean dietary pattern (MD, n = 43) or a control diet (CD, n = 39). Adherence to the diets was assessed by a food diary filled every 2 weeks. At baseline and every 4 weeks blood, samples from fasting subjects and urine and fecal samples for the metabolomic analysis by LC/MS/MS and for the analysis of microbiota composition were collected. Results: Diaries demonstrated that volunteers in MD vs CD increased the intake of wholegrain products, legumes, fish, nuts, fruits and vegetables while reducing meat, dairy and refined cereal products. Urine sample analysis showed in MD vs CD volunteers a reduction of carnitine, a trend towards increased betaine, and an increase of di‐hydrocaffeic acid, chlorogenic acid and of urolithins‐glucuronides. Such differences were accompanied by specific variations of gut mirobiota composition or by a specific composition at baseline in some subgroups of subjects. Conclusion: Individual adherence to MD modifies circulating metabolites that can mirror variations of gut microbiota composition and other parameters associated with the health.
STEPS STUDY: role of Exercise and Protein Supplementation in Elderly Indians$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Group B: 12 week home based program which includes resistance exercises using resistance band thrice a week + milk protein ( 20 g whey protein dissolved in 200 ml water thrice a week consumed within one hour after exercise session) Control Intervention1: Group A: 12 week home based program which includes resistance exercises using resistance band thrice a week CONDITION: Type 2 diabetes mellitus without complications PRIMARY OUTCOME: muscle mass and strengthTimepoint: baseline and 12 weeks SECONDARY OUTCOME: To study the effect of an exercise program and/or protein supplementation among elderly Indians with reduced muscle mass and strength (Pre sarcopenic).Timepoint: Pre and post INCLUSION CRITERIA: Elderly above the age of 60 (males and females) Elderly with well controlled chronic diseases Young adults (18‐40 years)
Sex differences in food choices, adherence to dietary recommendations and plasma lipid profile in type 2 diabetes - The TOSCA.IT study$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Diabetic women have a more adverse plasma lipid profile than men. Sex differences in dietary habits may play a role, but are little investigated. The study evaluates the quality of diet, adherence to the nutritional recommendations of the Diabetes and Nutrition Study Group and their relation with plasma lipid in men and women with diabetes. METHODS AND RESULTS: We studied 2573 people, aged 50‐75, enrolled in the TOSCA.IT study (clinicaltrials.gov$$$ NCT00700856). Plasma lipids were measured centrally. Diet was assessed with a semi‐quantitative food frequency questionnaire. Women had a more adverse plasma lipid profile than men. Women consumed significantly more legumes, vegetables, fruits, eggs, milk, vegetable oils, and added sugar, whereas men consumed more starchy foods, soft drinks and alcoholic beverages. This stands for a higher proportion (%) of energy intake from saturated fat and added sugar (12.0 ± 2.4 vs 11.5 ± 2.5 and 3.4 ± 3.2 vs 2.3 ± 3.2, P < 0.04), and a higher intake of fiber (11.2 ± 2.8 vs 10.4 ± 2.6 g/1000 Kcal/day) in women. Adherence to the recommendations for saturated fat and fiber consumption was associated with significantly lower LDL‐cholesterol regardless of sex. Adherence to the recommendations for added sugars was associated with significantly lower triglycerides and higher HDL‐cholesterol in men and women. CONCLUSIONS: Men and women with diabetes show significant differences in adherence to nutritional recommendations, but sex differences in plasma lipid profile are unlikely to be explained by nutritional factors. Adherence to the nutritional recommendations is associated with a better plasma lipid profile regardless of sex, thus reinforcing the importance of substituting saturated for unsaturated fat sources, increasing fiber and reducing added sugar intake.
Effects of whey protein on skeletal muscle microvascular and mitochondrial plasticity following 10 weeks of exercise training in men with type 2 diabetes$$$ Skeletal muscle microvascular dysfunction and mitochondrial rarefaction feature in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) linked to low tissue glucose disposal rate (GDR). Exercise training and milk protein supplementation independently promote microvascular and metabolic plasticity in muscle associated with improved nutrient delivery, but combined effects are unknown. In a randomised‐controlled trial, 24 men (55.6 y, SD 5.7) with T2DM ingested whey protein drinks (protein/carbohydrate/fat: 20/10/3 g$$$ WHEY) or placebo (carbohydrate/fat: 30/3 g$$$ CON) before/after 45 mixed‐mode intense exercise sessions over 10 weeks, to study effects on insulin‐stimulated (hyperinsulinemic clamp) skeletal‐muscle microvascular blood flow (mBF) and perfusion (near‐infrared spectroscopy), and histological, genetic, and biochemical markers (biopsy) of microvascular and mitochondrial plasticity. WHEY enhanced insulin‐stimulated perfusion (WHEY‐CON 5.6%$$$ 90% CI ‐0.1, 11.3), while mBF was not altered (3.5%$$$ ‐17.5, 24.5)$$$ perfusion, but not mBF, associated (regression) with increased GDR. Exercise training increased mitochondrial (range of means: 40%‐90%) and lipid density (20%‐30%), enzyme activity (20%‐70%), capillary:fibre ratio (∼25%), and lowered systolic (∼4%) and diastolic (4%‐5%) blood pressure, but without WHEY effects. WHEY dampened PGC1α ‐2.9% (90% compatibility interval: ‐5.7, ‐0.2) and NOS3 ‐6.4% (‐1.4, ‐0.2) expression, but other messenger RNA (mRNA) were unclear. Skeletal muscle microvascular and mitochondrial exercise adaptations were not accentuated by whey protein ingestion in men with T2DM. ANZCTR Registration Number: ACTRN12614001197628. Novelty: Chronic whey ingestion in T2DM with exercise altered expression of several mitochondrial and angiogenic mRNA. Whey added no additional benefit to muscle microvascular or mitochondrial adaptations to exercise. Insulin‐stimulated perfusion increased with whey but was without impact on glucose disposal.
Probiotics and intestinal health effects: a clinical perspective$$$ Probiotics are viable non‐pathogenic micro‐organisms which, when ingested, exert a positive influence on host health or physiology. We have critically analysed the evidence for the efficacy of specific probiotic strains in human gastrointestinal diseases. The best evidence can be obtained with randomised controlled trials which avoid bias. Good evidence has been obtained with several strains in the prevention or treatment of antibiotic‐associated disorders, in the treatment (and to a lesser extent prevention) of gastroenteritis and acute diarrhoea and in the alleviation of lactose intolerance. We also analysed the recent randomised controlled trials performed in patients with Clostridium difficile or Helicobacter pylori, inflammatory bowel disease, irritable bowel syndrome, non‐ulcer dyspepsia and colon cancer.
Impact of maternal probiotic-supplemented dietary counseling during pregnancy on colostrum adiponectin concentration: a prospective, randomized, placebo-controlled study$$$ BACKGROUND: The breast milk bioactive substances such as adiponectin, have a presumably long‐term impact upon the health and well‐being of a child. AIM: To determine the impact of probiotic‐supplemented dietary counseling during pregnancy on colostrum adiponectin concentration. STUDY DESIGN AND SUBJECTS: Altogether 256 pregnant women were randomized into three study groups: dietary intervention with probiotics (diet/probiotics) or with placebo (diet/placebo) and a control group (control/placebo). The intervention group received dietary counseling provided by a nutritionist, the main focus being the amount and the type of dietary fat. The probiotics used were Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG and Bifidobacterium lactis in combination. Dietary intake was evaluated by food records at every trimester of pregnancy. Breast milk samples were collected after birth (colostrum) for adiponectin concentration analysis (n=181). RESULTS: The dietary intervention increased the colostrum adiponectin concentration (ng/mL, geometric mean [95% CI]), the difference being significant when comparing to the control group$$$ 12.7 [10.6‐29.7] vs. 10.2 [9.9‐13.2], P=0.024. Maternal weight gain during pregnancy (kg) correlated inversely with colostrum adiponectin concentration$$$ β (SE)=‐1.7 (0.1), P=0.020, and gestational diabetes mellitus was associated with the likelihood of adiponectin concentration falling into the lowest quartile$$$ OR 2.36, 95% CI 1.1‐3.2, P=0.028. CONCLUSIONS: In showing that the colostrum adiponectin concentration is markedly dependent on maternal diet and nutritional status during pregnancy, and considering that colostrum adiponectin has potential effects on metabolism, nutrition, and immune function in the neonates, the results of this study underscore the importance of the metabolic homeostasis of the mother for the child's initial nutritional environment.
Oral antidiabetic agents in pregnancy and lactation: a paradigm shift?$$$ OBJECTIVE: To provide information on the use of oral antidiabetic agents in pregnancy and breast‐feeding. DATA SOURCES: Primary articles were identified by a MEDLINE search (1966‐March 2007) using the MeSH headings: pregnancy in diabetics, pregnancy, polycystic ovary syndrome, hypoglycemic agents, glipizide, glyburide, metformin, rosiglitazone, pioglitazone, clinical trial, controlled clinical trial, multicenter study, randomized controlled trial, case‐control studies, and cohort studies. STUDY SELECTION AND DATA EXTRACTION: All studies using oral antidiabetic agents in pregnancy were evaluated and relevant data were included in the discussion. DATA SYNTHESIS: Studies of glyburide and glipizide have found little or no transfer of these drugs across the placenta, whereas metformin and rosiglitazone cross readily. Animal studies have found no evidence to suggest that glyburide, glipizide, metformin, or rosiglitazone are teratogenic. In gestational diabetes, glyburide was safe and efficacious$$$ however, 16‐19% of women failed to achieve optimal glucose control. No developmental toxicity in infants was observed when metformin was used before and throughout pregnancy in women with polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS). Some of the studies involving patients with type 2 diabetes had methodological problems. A randomized controlled trial using metformin for gestational diabetes in the third trimester is underway. The human information is inadequate to evaluate the risk of glipizide or the thiazolidinediones in pregnancy. In breast milk, 3 studies measured nonsignificant amounts of metformin and one study was unable to detect either glyburide or glipizide. CONCLUSIONS: Neither glyburide nor metformin has caused developmental toxicity in humans. Glyburide has been used for the treatment of gestational diabetes, and metformin has been used in women with PCOS who eventually became pregnant. Additional trials are needed to better define the benefits and risks of oral antidiabetic agents in pregnancy. Metformin, glyburide, and glipizide appear to be compatible with breast‐feeding.
Disposition of soy isoflavones in normal human breast tissue$$$ BACKGROUND: Despite decades of research on the relation between soy and breast cancer, questions regarding the absorption, metabolism, and distribution of isoflavones in breast tissue largely remain unanswered. OBJECTIVE: We evaluated the potential health effects of isoflavone consumption on normal breast tissue$$$ isoflavone concentrations, metabolites, and biodistribution were investigated and compared with 17beta‐estradiol exposure. DESIGN: In this dietary intervention study, healthy women were randomly allocated to a soy milk (n = 11$$$ 16.98‐mg genistein and 5.40‐mg daidzein aglycone equivalents per dose), soy supplement (n = 10$$$ 5.27‐mg genistein and 17.56‐mg daidzein aglycone equivalents per dose), or control (n = 10) group. After a run‐in period > or = 4 d, 3 doses of soy milk or soy supplements were taken daily for 5 d before an esthetic breast reduction. Blood and breast biopsies were collected during surgery and analyzed with liquid chromatography‐tandem mass spectrometry. RESULTS: After soy administration, genistein and total daidzein concentrations, which were expressed as aglycone equivalents, ranged from 135.1 to 2831 nmol/L and 105.1 to 1397 nmol/L, respectively, in hydrolyzed serum and from 92.33 to 493.8 pmol/g and 22.15 to 770.8 pmol/g, respectively, in hydrolyzed breast tissue. The major metabolites identified in nonhydrolyzed samples were genistein‐7‐O‐glucuronide and daidzein‐7‐O‐glucuronide, with an overall glucuronidation of 98%. Total isoflavones showed a breast adipose/glandular tissue distribution of 40:60, and their mean (+/‐SEM) derived 17beta‐estradiol equivalents toward estrogen receptor beta were 21 +/‐ 4‐fold and 40 +/‐ 10‐fold higher than the 17beta‐estradiol concentrations in adipose (0.283 +/‐ 0.089 pmol/g, P < 0.001) and glandular (0.246 +/‐ 0.091 pmol/g, P = 0.001) fractions, respectively. CONCLUSION: After intake of soy milk and soy supplements, isoflavones reach exposure levels in breast tissue at which potential health effects may occur.
Results of a randomized controlled trial evaluating the effect of increasing package size on usage volume of peanut butter in older adults$$$ Background: Portion and package sizes of foods generally influence energy intake in children and adults. However, little is known about this effect in older adults. This study aimed to determine the effect of increasing package size on usage volume of peanut butter in older adults. Furthermore, it is investigated whether older women and men, different age groups (<65, 65–80, and 80+), and non‐overweight (BMI<25), overweight (BMI≥25) and obese (BMI>30) older adults had different responses to variation in package size. Methods: A randomized controlled trial among 205 older adults was conducted wherein participants were randomized to either the small (350 g) (n = 103) or the large (1000 g) (n = 102) package size condition. Linear regression analyses were used to determine the association between package size condition and usage volume of peanut butter on a slice of bread. Interactions of sex, age groups and BMI categories with package size were tested to investigate differences in responses to variation in package size. Results: Older adults spread on average 12.4 g (SD = 4.3) of peanut butter on a slice of bread when exposed to a small jar of peanut butter and 12.6 g (SD = 4.4) when exposed to a large jar of peanut butter (B = 0.15$$$ 95%CI = −1.04 to 1.35). Interactions between sex, age groups or BMI categories with package size condition were not statistically significant. Conclusions: Increased package size has no effect on usage volume of peanut butter among older adults. Older women and men, different age groups within older adults, and normal‐weight, overweight and obese older adults do not respond differently to variation in package size of spreads.
Effects of protein quantity and type on diet induced thermogenesis in overweight adults: a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND & AIMS: Protein content of a meal is hypothesized to drive DIT dose‐dependently. However, no single meal study exists comparing two different doses of protein on DIT. In addition, the source of protein, particularly whey protein, was shown to have a higher DIT than casein and soy in the acute setting, however the mechanism behind this difference is not yet clear. The aim of the present work is therefore to evaluate the efficacy of two different doses and types of protein (whey protein and casein) on DIT in overweight adults. METHODS: Randomized, double blind crossover including seventeen overweight men and women assigned to four isocaloric study treatments where protein and carbohydrate were exchanged: control, 30 g of whey protein microgels (WPM30), 50 g WPM (WPM50) or 50 g micellar casein (MC50). Energy expenditure was measured by indirect calorimetry. Blood, breath and urine samples were collected in order to measure substrate oxidation, amino acid profile, glucose and insulin, protein turnover and other metabolic parameters. RESULTS: DIT was 6.7 ± 3.7%, 13.0 ± 5.0%, 18.0 ± 5.0% and 16.0 ± 5.0% for control, WPM30, WPM50 and MC50, respectively. There was a significant difference between WPM50 and WPM30 (p < 0.005) and a trend was observed between WPM50 and MC50 (p = 0.06). WPM50 resulted in the highest total, essential, and branched‐chain plasma amino acid concentrations when compared with the other study treatments (p < 0.005) and a higher insulin concentration than MC50 (p < 0.005). Protein oxidation was higher for WPM50 than MC50. Protein turnover was significantly correlated with DIT through total leucine oxidation (r = 0.52, p = 0.005). CONCLUSIONS: Our findings show that DIT does increase at a dose beyond 30 g of WPM and that the type of dairy protein may have an effect on DIT with WPM tending towards a higher DIT than casein. Although further research is required to understand the mechanism behind the effect of different protein sources on thermogenesis, we suggest that amongst the components of protein turnover, protein oxidation may be an important driver of thermogenesis at doses higher than 30 g. These results have concrete implications when choosing a dose of protein to optimize its thermogenic effect. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRY NUMBER: NCT02303080 www.clinicaltrials.gov.
Blood pressure change with weight loss is affected by diet type in men$$$ BACKGROUND: Weight loss reduces blood pressure, and the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet has also been shown to lower blood pressure. OBJECTIVE: Our goal was to assess the effect on blood pressure of 2 weight‐reduction diets: a low‐fat diet (LF diet) and a moderate‐sodium, high‐potassium, high‐calcium, low‐fat DASH diet (WELL diet). DESIGN: After baseline measurements, 63 men were randomly assigned to either the WELL or the LF diet for 12 wk, and both diet groups undertook 0.5 h of moderate physical activity on most days of the week. RESULTS: Fifty‐four men completed the study. Their mean (+/‐SD) age was 47.9 +/‐ 9.3 y (WELL diet, n = 27$$$ LF diet, n = 27), and their mean baseline home systolic and diastolic blood pressures were 129.4 +/‐ 11.3 and 80.6 +/‐ 8.6 mm Hg, respectively. Body weight decreased by 4.9 +/‐ 0.6 kg (+/‐SEM) in the WELL group and by 4.6 +/‐ 0.6 kg in the LF group (P < 0.001 for both). There was a greater decrease in blood pressure in the WELL group than in the LF group [between‐group difference (week 12 ‐baseline) in both SBP (5.5 +/‐ 1.9 mm Hg$$$ P = 0.006) and DBP (4.4 +/‐ 1.2 mm Hg$$$ P = 0.001)]. CONCLUSIONS: For a comparable 5‐kg weight loss, a diet high in low‐fat dairy products, vegetables, and fruit (the WELL diet) resulted in a greater decrease in blood pressure than did the LF diet. This dietary approach to achieving weight reduction may confer an additional benefit in reducing blood pressure in those who are overweight.
Effects of Probiotics On Reducing Liver Fat in Obese Patients Undergoing Stomach Reduction Surgery$$$ INTERVENTION: G07.203.300.456.500 J02.500.456.500 Patients will be added to a specific worksheet, then randomly randomized into the intervention group and control group. Each participant should receive for a period of 45 days, with the beginning of the third postoperative day, supplementation with strains of microorganisms known for their probiotic function, or placebo by the responsible pharmacist, who will make available, only after the final statistics of the data, the identification of the components that contained in each option, to the responsible researchers. Probiotics will be present in 80 ml of milk fermented with lactose and sugar, sweetened with stevia, containing concentrations of 109 CFU/ml, totaling in the aforementioned volume, the concentration of 1011 CFU of Bifidobacterium lactic HN019 and Lactobacillus rhamnosus HN001, developed by the Program in Milk and Derivatives Science and Technology of UNOPAR/Londrina, under the responsibility of Profa. Dr. Giselle Aparecida Nobre Costa. Placebo, on the other hand, will be fermented milk without the presence of probiotics. The intervention group For both groups, intervention and control with 30 participants each, data collection will be collected in the preoperative and postoperative period (up to 60 days) being collected: clinical and demographic data, age, gender, current and family morbid history, medications used, life habits and intestinal function. Anthropometric data on weight, height, circumferences, handgrip strength test, body mass index and body composition and abdominal and neck circumferences will also be collected. Dietary data related to the feeding frequency of patients will also be collected through a food consumption frequency questionnaire. Patients will be submitted to blood collection for biochemical tests before and after surgery: blood CONDITION: E66.9 Obesity$$$ Fatty degeneration of the liver not elsewhere classified PRIMARY OUTCOME: It is expected to find the viable presence of the microorganisms Bifidobacterium lactis HN019 and Lactobacillus rhamnosus HN001 in the samples collected perceived by DNA extraction, with reduction of inflammatory parameters IL6, TGF beta and TNF alpha considering the 95% confidence interval, CI=0.95 and significance level of 5%, a=0.05. The hypotheses tested will be: H0: There is no difference between the groups and Ha: There is difference between the groups.$$$ $$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: No secondary outcomes are expected $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: Obese who will undergo bariatric surgery with non‐alcoholic liver steatosis
Effects of taurine on markers of muscle damage, inflammatory response and physical performance in triathletes$$$ BACKGROUND: The practice of prolonged exercise with high intensity, as seen in triathlon training, can cause physiological imbalances that might result in muscle fatigue, muscle damage and changes in systemic inflammatory response, thus reduce the athletes' physical performance, therefore, both adequate total caloric and macronutrient intake also the use of a specific ergogenic aid, as taurine supplementation would be an alternative to prevent inflammation and muscle damage. In order to verify the effects of 8 weeks of taurine and chocolate milk supplementation, markers of muscle damage, inflammation, and aerobic capacity were quantified in triathletes. METHODS: A double‐blind, crossover, randomized study was conducted with 9 male long‐distance triathletes, aged 25‐35 years. Supplementation of 3 g of taurine (TAU) or placebo (PLA) associated with 400 mL low fat chocolate milk was performed during an 8‐week period. In order to verify the effects of the supplementation protocol markers of muscle damage as lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) and creatine kinase (CK), and inflammatory markers tumor necrosis factor‐α (TNF‐α) and interleukin‐6 (IL‐6) were quantified, also triathletes' performance was evaluated by exhaust test on a treadmill. RESULTS: It was observed a significant increase in taurine and CK plasma levels after TAU supplementation (P=0.02 and P=0.01, respectively). However, LDH concentrations did not differ significantly after the supplementations performed, and there were no changes in physical performance parameters$$$ anaerobic threshold, perceived exertion, heart rate, and the concentrations of IL‐6 and TNF‐α. CONCLUSIONS: Taurine supplementation did not provide benefits on performance and muscle damage in triathletes.
Effect of whole soy and isoflavones daidzein on bone turnover and inflammatory markers: a 6-month double-blind, randomized controlled trial in Chinese postmenopausal women who are equol producers$$$ BACKGROUND: Human studies have demonstrated the beneficial effects of soy or isoflavones on bone metabolism. However, conflicting data remain. Equol is the intestinal metabolite of the isoflavone daidzein. The health benefits of soy are more pronounced in equol producers than those not producing equol. This 6‐month randomized controlled trial aimed to examine the effect of whole soy (soy flour) and purified daidzein on bone turnover markers (BTMs) in Chinese postmenopausal women who are equol producers. METHODS: A total of 270 eligible women were randomized to either one of the three isocaloric supplements as follows: 40 g soy flour (whole soy group), 40 g low‐fat milk powder + 63 mg daidzein (daidzein group), or 40 g low‐fat milk powder (placebo group) given as a solid beverage daily for 6 months. The following fasting venous samples were collected at the baseline and end of the trial to analyze BTMs: serum cross‐linked C‐telopeptides of type I collagen, bone‐specific alkaline phosphatase, osteocalcin, procollagen type I N‐terminal propeptide, and 25(OH)D3. Inflammation‐related biomarkers, such as serum interleukin‐6, tumor necrosis factor‐alpha, C‐reactive protein, transferrin, and homocysteine, were also tested to explore potential mechanisms. RESULTS: A total of 253 subjects validly completed the study protocol. Urinary isoflavones suggested a good compliance to the treatments. Intention‐to‐treat and per‐protocol analyses indicated no significant difference in the 6‐month or percentage changes in the parameters of bone metabolism and inflammatory markers among the three treatment groups. CONCLUSIONS: Whole soy and purified daidzein at provided dosages exhibited no significant effect on the bone metabolism and inflammation levels among Chinese equol‐producing postmenopausal women. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier NCT01270737.
A clinical trial to investigate the efficacy and safety of Investigational product (LN-OS-22) on oxidative stress and systemic inflammation in overweight and obese population$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: LN‐OS‐22: Dose and route: Two capsules orally once daily Regimen: To be taken with a glass of milk after breakfast for 56 days Control Intervention1: Maltodextrin: Dose and route: Two capsules orally once daily Regimen: To be taken with a glass of milk after breakfast for 56 days CONDITION: Health Condition 1: E663‐ Overweight PRIMARY OUTCOME: To evaluate the efficacy of IP consumption on oxidative stress as assessed by change in serum levels of 8‐isoprostane (8‐iso‐PGF2Î±) from baseline to the end of the study compared to placebo. $$$ Timepoint: Day 0, 28, and 56 SECONDARY OUTCOME: Anthropometric indices as assessed by change in weight and $$$ waist circumference (WC) from baseline.Timepoint: Day 0, 28, and 56 Laboratory parameters ‐ Serum Alkaline Phosphatase (ALP), $$$ Serum Glutamic Oxaloacetic Transaminase (SGOT), Serum $$$ Glutamic Pyruvic Transaminase (SGPT), and Serum Creatinine on $$$ baseline and end of the study visit.Timepoint: Day 0, and 56 Metabolic endotoxemia as assessed by change in plasma $$$ lipopolysaccharide (LPS) levels post‐high‐fat diet from baselineTimepoint: Day 0, and 56 Occurrence of adverse events (AE) throughout the study.Timepoint: day 0 to day 56 Quality of life as assessed by change in scores of IWQOL‐Lite‐CT from baseline compared to placebo.Timepoint: Day 0, 28, and 56 Systemic inflammation as assessed by change in $$$ ï?§ Serum C‐reactive protein (CRP) levels from baseline.Timepoint: Day 0, 28, and 56 Systemic inflammation as assessed by change in $$$ ï?§ Serum levels of pro‐inflammatory cytokine interleukin‐6(IL‐6) levels from baselineTimepoint: Day 0, 28, and 56 To evaluate the efficacy of IP consumption on the following $$$ parameters compared to placebo: $$$ â?¢ Lipid peroxidation and DNA oxidative damage as assessed by $$$ change in serum levels of malondialdehyde (MDA) from baselineTimepoint: Day 0, 28, and 56 To evaluate the safety of IP consumption on the following $$$ parameters compared to placebo: $$$ â?¢ Vital signs (blood pressure (BP) and pulse rate (PR)) on each visit. $$$ Timepoint: Day 0, 28, and 56 INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Males and females aged â?¥ 30 ‐ â?¤ 60 years. 2. No systemic infection as assessed by normal total leucocyte count. 3. Overweight and obese participants (at high risk of oxidative stress and inflammation) identified by body mass inde X(BMI) â?¥ 25.0 kg/m2 and â?¤ 34.9 kg/m2 4. Individuals having a risk of metabolic syndrome as indicated by three or more of the following five criteria: i Waist circumference (WC) more than 102 cm for males and 88 cm for females ii Blood pressure (BP) more than 130/85 mmHg iii Fasting triglyceride (TG) level â?¥ 150 mg/dl iv Fasting high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL‐C) level â?¤ 40 mg/dl for males and 50 mg/dl for females v Fasting blood glucose (FBG) â?¥ 100 mg/dl. 5. Individuals physically inactive for 1/3rd of the wake time as per the Longitudinal Aging Study Amsterdam (LASA) sedentary behavior questionnaire. 6. Non‐smo
Factors associated with breastfeeding at six months postpartum in a group of Australian women$$$ BACKGROUND: Despite high levels of breastfeeding initiation in Australia, only 47 percent of women are breastfeeding (exclusively or partially) six months later, with marked differences between social groups. It is important to identify women who are at increased risk of early cessation of breastfeeding. METHODS: Data from the three arms of a randomised controlled trial were pooled and analysed as a cohort using logistic regression to identify which factors predicted women continuing to feed any breast milk at six months postpartum. The original trial included 981 primiparous women attending a public, tertiary, women's hospital in Melbourne, Australia in 1999‐2001. The trial evaluated the effect of two mid‐pregnancy educational interventions on breastfeeding initiation and duration. In the 889 women with six month outcomes available, neither intervention increased breastfeeding initiation nor duration compared to standard care. Independent variables were included in the predictive model based on the literature and discussion with peers and were each tested individually against the dependent variable (any breastfeeding at six months). RESULTS: Thirty‐three independent variables of interest were identified, of which 25 qualified for inclusion in the preliminary regression model$$$ 764 observations had complete data available. Factors remaining in the final model that were positively associated with breastfeeding any breast milk at six months were: a very strong desire to breastfeed$$$ having been breastfed oneself as a baby$$$ being born in an Asian country$$$ and older maternal age. There was an increasing association with increasing age. Factors negatively associated with feeding any breast milk at six months were: a woman having no intention to breastfeed six months or more$$$ smoking 20 or more cigarettes per day pre‐pregnancy$$$ not attending childbirth education$$$ maternal obesity$$$ having self‐reported depression in the six months after birth$$$ and the baby receiving infant formula while in hospital. CONCLUSION: In addition to the factors commonly reported as being associated with breastfeeding in previous work, this study found a negative association between breastfeeding outcomes and giving babies infant formula in hospital, a high maternal body mass index, and self‐reported maternal depression or anxiety in the six months after the baby was born. Interventions that seek to increase breastfeeding should consider focusing on women who wish to breastfeed but are at high risk of early discontinuation
LOGIK1702$$$ INTERVENTION: Arm A (TS‐1 monotherapy): adjuvant therapy of TS‐1 for 16 courses (1 year) TS‐1 80mg/m2 is orally administered twice dairy (after breakfast and dinner) from after breakfast at day 1 to after dinner at day 14 (or from after dinner at day1 to after breakfast at day 15) as 21 days of 1 course. Arm B (CDDP + VNR combination therapy):TS‐1 monotherapy): adjuvant therapy of CDDP+VNR for 4 courses CDDP 80mg/m2 at day1 and VNR 25mg/m2 at day 1, 8 are administered as 21 days of 1 course for 4 courses. CONDITION: Non‐small‐cell lung cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Two year relapse free survival SECONDARY OUTCOME: Treatment completion rate, incidence of adverse event, relative dose density, 2 year overall survival, 5 year overall survival, 2 year relapse free survival, 5 year relapse free survival, productivity of the work and activity disorder, quality of adjusted life year (QALY) converted from EQ‐5D‐5L. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) Patients providing the written informed consent. 2) Patients with non‐small‐cell lung cancer histopathologically confirmed (except neuroendocrine carcinoma, mucoepidermoid carcinoma, adenoid cystic carcinoma). 3) Patients with total resection in pathological clinical stage II ‐ IIIA which more than one lobe excision was carried out. 4) Patients with lymphadenectomy more than ND2a‐1 or selective lymphadenectomy. The selection method of the mediastinal lymph node should be dissected obeys the following criteria. Right upper lobe lung cancer (LC) No. 2R, 4R Left upper lobe segmentum superius LC No. 4L‐6 Right middle lobe LC No. 2R, 4R, 7 Left upper lobe lingual LCNo. 4L‐7 Right lower lobe LC No. 7‐9 Left lower lobe LC No. 7‐9 5) Patients without pre‐treatment (radiation, chemotherapy) other than surgical treatment. 6) Patients who passed more than 28 days and less than 56days after the operation at the enro
Community-based education classes for hypertension control. A 1.5-year randomized controlled trial$$$ Community‐based hypertension control is important for primary prevention of cardiovascular disease. In this study, untreated men and women aged 35 to 69 years were randomly assigned to an intervention (n=56) or control (n=55) group in a 1.5‐year community‐based education program. Subjects had no evidence of hypertensive end‐organ defects and had screening blood pressures of 140 to 179 mm Hg systolic and/or 90 to 109 mm Hg diastolic, with no difference in mean blood pressure between groups (148 to 150 mm Hg for mean systolic and 83 to 84 mm Hg for mean diastolic pressures). The intervention group took four education classes in the first 6 months and four classes during the next year, and the control group took two classes. Health education focused on reduced dietary sodium and increased milk intake, brisk walking, and, if necessary, reduction of alcohol and sugar intakes. Antihypertensive medication was started less often in the intervention than in the control group at 1.5 years (9% versus 24%, P <.05). Mean systolic pressure was 5 to 6 mm Hg less in the intervention than in the control group at both 6 months and 1.5 years (P <.05), with or without inclusion of those subjects who began antihypertensive medication. Diastolic pressure and body mass index did not change significantly between groups. Urinary sodium excretion declined in the intervention but not in the control group (differences between groups: P=.04 at 6 months and P=.07 at 1.5 years). According to a behavioral questionnaire, sodium reduction and milk increase were greater in the intervention than the control group (sodium: P <.01 at 6 months and P=.08 at 1.5 years$$$ milk: P <.001 at 6 months and P <.01 at 1.5 years). Mean ethanol intake was reduced in the intervention but not the control group (P=.04 at 1.5 years). This community‐based hypertension control program was effective in reducing systolic pressure levels by nonpharmacological means during the first 6 months and maintaining the reduction for 1.5 years.
Whey protein lowers blood pressure and improves endothelial function and lipid biomarkers in adults with prehypertension and mild hypertension: results from the chronic Whey2Go randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) are the greatest cause of death globally, and their reduction is a key public‐health target. High blood pressure (BP) affects 1 in 3 people in the United Kingdom, and previous studies have shown that milk consumption is associated with lower BP. OBJECTIVE: We investigated whether intact milk proteins lower 24‐h ambulatory blood pressure (AMBP) and other risk markers of CVD. DESIGN: The trial was a double‐blinded, randomized, 3‐way‐crossover, controlled intervention study. Forty‐two participants were randomly assigned to consume 2 × 28 g whey protein/d, 2 × 28 g Ca caseinate/d, or 2 × 27 g maltodextrin (control)/d for 8 wk separated by a 4‐wk washout. The effects of these interventions were examined with the use of a linear mixed‐model ANOVA. RESULTS: Thirty‐eight participants completed the study. Significant reductions in 24‐h BP [for systolic blood pressure (SBP): ‐3.9 mm Hg$$$ for diastolic blood pressure (DBP): ‐2.5 mm Hg$$$ P = 0.050 for both)] were observed after whey‐protein consumption compared with control intake. After whey‐protein supplementation compared with control intake, peripheral and central systolic pressures [‐5.7 mm Hg (P = 0.007) and ‐5.4 mm Hg (P = 0.012), respectively] and mean pressures [‐3.7 mm Hg (P = 0.025) and ‐4.0 mm Hg (P = 0.019), respectively] were also lowered. Flow‐mediated dilation (FMD) increased significantly after both whey‐protein and calcium‐caseinate intakes compared with control intake [1.31% (P < 0.001) and 0.83% (P = 0.003), respectively]. Although both whey protein and calcium caseinate significantly lowered total cholesterol [‐0.26 mmol/L (P = 0.013) and ‐0.20 mmol/L (P = 0.042), respectively], only whey protein decreased triacylglycerol (‐0.23 mmol/L$$$ P = 0.025) compared with the effect of the control. Soluble intercellular adhesion molecule 1 and soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule 1 were reduced after whey protein consumption (P = 0.011) and after calcium‐caseinate consumption (P = 0.039), respectively, compared with after control intake. CONCLUSIONS: The consumption of unhydrolyzed milk proteins (56 g/d) for 8 wk improved vascular reactivity, biomarkers of endothelial function, and lipid risk factors. Whey‐protein supplementation also lowered 24‐h ambulatory SBP and DBP. These results may have important implications for public health. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02090842.
The inhibition effect on MCF-7 breast cancer and morphology of compound traditional Chinese medicine combined with TAM$$$ Objective: To observe the effect of compound traditional Chinese medicine combined with tamoxifen (TAM) inhibitory effect on MCF‐7 and morphology of breast cancer. Methods: The successful model mice were randomly divided into the control group, the TAM group, the breast combination group (Ruyanning+TAM) and the Nourishing combination group (Yiqi Xiaoji prescription+TAM). Once a day orally, for 21 days, the changes of body weight of nude mice was measured$$$ after 21 days of treatment of tumor weight, inhibition rate was calculated$$$ HE staining to observe the pathological changes of tumor tissue under light microscope and transmission electron microscope (TEM)$$$ observed the ultrastructural changes of. Results: The body weight: TAM group of mice weight decreased most obviously (3.18±0.061), combination group (2.5±0.042), two were more significant (P<0.01)$$$ tumor weight: TAM group, combination group, milk group interests combined tumor weight was lower than the control group, there was significant difference compared with the the control group (P<0.01)$$$ HE staining showed that breast cancer is invasive ductal carcinoma, suggesting that compound Chinese medicine combined with TAM can induce the apoptosis of tumor cells were observed by transmission electron microscopy. Conclusion: The combination of traditional Chinese medicine and TAM can inhibit the growth of tumor and increase the tumor suppressor rate of TAM. The mechanism of its action may be achieved by inducing apoptosis of tumor cells.
Higher protein intake improves sleep and blood pressure, and influences the relation between changes in blood pressure and sleep during energy restriction in middle-aged overweight and obese adults$$$ Background Short sleep duration and low sleep quality predict higher blood pressure (BP). BP is also shown to be improved by higher protein intake. However, limited research exists on the effects of dietary protein intake on indices of sleep and whether it influences the relation between BP and sleep. Purpose We assessed the effect of protein intake during dietary energy restriction on indices of sleep and BP in overweight/obese adults (randomized, parallel, and controlled diet design). Method Forty‐four participants (12M:32F, aged 52±1 y, BMI 31.4±0.5 kg/m2, Mean±SE) consumed an energy‐balance diet with 0.8 g protein.kg baseline body mass ‐1.d‐1 for 3 wk (baseline). They then consumed either a normal protein (NP, control, n=23) or high protein (HP, n=21) (0.8 vs. 1.5 g•kg‐1•d‐1) energy‐restricted diet (750 kcal/d deficit) for 16 wk. The HP group consumed 0.7 g.kg‐1.d‐1 additional protein using milk protein isolate. At baseline wk 3 and intervention wk 4, 8, 12, and 16, global sleep score (GSS) was assessed using the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index questionnaire. GSS ranges from 0‐21 arbitrary units (au) with a higher value representing worse GSS during the preceding month. Fasting state reclining systolic (SYS) and diastolic (DIA) BPs were also measured. The main effects of group (protein intake) and time (energy restriction) and group∗time interaction on GSS and BP were assessed using repeated measures ANOVA, adjusting for age and gender. The relation between BP and GSS at baseline and during the intervention (wk 4, 8, 12, and 16) and the relation between their changes from baseline to post intervention (wk 16) were assessed using general linear model, adjusting for age and gender. Results At baseline, GSS was not different between NP (5.2±0.5 au) and HP (5.4±0.5 au). Over time, GSS was unchanged for NP and improved for HP (group‐by‐time, p<0.05). Post‐intervention, GSS for NP and HP were 5.9±0.5 and 4.0±0.6 au, respectively (p<0.01). SYS and DIA BPs were not different between NP (119±2 and 81±2 mmHg, respectively) and HP (121±3 and 84±2 mmHg, respectively) at baseline. SYS BP remained unchanged in NP (2±2 mmHg), but decreased in HP (‐4±2 mmHg). DIA BP was reduced over time, with a trend toward a smaller improvement in NP vs. HP (group by time interaction: p=0.09, respectively). At baseline, a relation between BP and GSS was not observed. During the intervention, GSS positively predicted SYS and DIA BPs (β=1.38 and 1.04, respectively, p<0.05) for NP, but was not related to SYS BP and negatively predicted DIA BP (β=‐0.64, p<0.05) for HP. From baseline wk 3 to intervention wk 16, changes in GSS positively predicted changes in SYS and DIA BPs (β=1.48 and 0.69, respectively, p<0.05) in NP, but negatively predicted SYS and DIA BPs (β=‐1.70 and ‐1.48, respectively, p<0.05) in HP. Collectively, higher/increases in BPs were associated with worse/worsened sleep in NP but not HP. Conclusion Consuming a higher protein diet achieved using milk protein isolate while dieting may improve indices of sleep and blood pressure, and protect against the negative influence of worse sleep on blood pressure in overweight/obese adults.
Effectiveness of a new approach for exclusive breastfeeding counselling on breastfeeding prevalence, infant growth velocity and postpartum weight loss in overweight or obese women: protocol for a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Maternal overweight, infant feeding and early growth velocity are risk factors for obesity later in life. The first one thousand days are a window of opportunity to program health and disease. Exclusive breastfeeding may protect against obesity$$$ however, it is not consistently practiced. Obesity rates have been increasing worldwide. Overweight or obese women have lower rates of breastfeeding and face mechanical, psychological and biological difficulties. Breastfeeding counselling is a successful strategy to support breastfeeding in normal weight women$$$ but there is a lack of evidence on its effectiveness in overweight women. Our purpose is to evaluate a new approach to exclusive breastfeeding counselling based on Carl Rogers' Centred‐Client Theory in overweight women, and to examine effects on breastfeeding prevalence, infant growth velocity and maternal postpartum weight loss. Methods: A two‐arm simple randomized controlled trial will be conducted in overweight and obese women recruited in a Baby Friendly Hospital in Bogotá, Colombia. The intervention is exclusive breastfeeding counselling based on Rogers' theory but adapted for overweight women$$$ it will be performed during the last month of pregnancy, 24 h after delivery and during early infancy (1 and 3 months postpartum). The primary outcomes will be exclusive breastfeeding prevalence, infant growth velocity and maternal weight loss from birth up to 4 months after delivery$$$ and the secondary outcomes will be prolactin and macronutrient levels in breast milk and serum prolactin levels. Intention to treat analysis will be performed to estimate the effect of the new counselling approach compared to standard management on the prevalence of exclusive breastfeeding, infant growth velocity and maternal weight loss. Discussion: We hypothesize that the intervention will result in an increase in the initiation and maintenance of exclusive breastfeeding, allowing adequate infant growth velocity and maternal weight loss after delivery. It is hoped that the results of this trial will provide evidence to support public health policy on supporting breastfeeding in this vulnerable group of women. Trial registration: (UTN) U1111‐1228‐9913 February 20th 2019$$$ ISRCTN15922904February 27th 2019, retrospectively registered.
Exclusive breastfeeding for 4 versus 6 months and growth in early childhood$$$ AIM: To investigate the growth and the prevalence of overweight in early childhood among infants exclusively breastfed for 6 months (EBF) compared with those receiving complementary foods from 4 months of age in addition to breast milk (CF). METHODS: A total of 119 mother‐infant pairs were randomised either in the CF or in the EBF group. Weight, length and head circumference of the infants were measured at birth, 6 weeks, and 3‐6 months of age. In the follow‐up, the children's weight, length and head circumference were measured at 8, 10, 12 and 18 months and weight and height at 29‐38 months. RESULTS: There were no differences between groups in the anthropometric outcome measures of weight‐for‐age (p = 0.78), length‐for‐age (p = 0.59), head‐circumference‐for‐age (p = 0.82) and BMI‐for‐age (p = 0.61), using repeated measurements ANOVA. Furthermore, no difference was seen in the prevalence between groups in risk of being overweight or in those who were overweight at 18 months and 29‐38 months of age. CONCLUSION: Exclusive breastfeeding for the first 4 or 6 months of life does not seem to affect the risk of being overweight or the prevalence of those who were overweight in early childhood.
Weight loss achieved using an energy restriction diet with normal or higher dietary protein decreased the number of CD14++CD16+ proinflammatory monocytes and plasma lipids and lipoproteins in middle-aged, overweight, and obese adults$$$ Monocytes are involved in immune responses, and specific monocyte subpopulations (MS) that express intermediate to high levels of CD16 are associated with obesity and cardiovascular events. Consuming high protein (HP) when dieting improves body composition and cardiometabolic health outcomes, but whether HP affects MS during weight loss remains unknown. We assessed the effect of HP on energy restriction (ER)‐induced changes in MS in overweight and obese adults. The relations between MS and plasma lipids and lipoproteins were also examined. We hypothesized that, independent of protein intake, ER‐induced weight loss would decrease the numbers of MS and that MS and plasma lipids and lipoproteins would be related. Thirty‐two adults (age 52 ± 1 years, body mass index 31.3 ± 0.5 kg/m2, means ± S.E.) consumed either a normal protein (n=18) or HP (n=14) (0.8 vs 1.5 g•kg‐1•d‐1 protein) ER diet (750‐kcal/d [3138‐kJ/d] deficit) for 16 weeks. The HP diet included 0.7 g•kg‐1•d‐1 of milk protein isolate. Fasting plasma lipids, lipoproteins, and the numbers of MS were analyzed. Over time, independent of protein intake, CD14++CD16+ cell number decreased, whereas CD14dimCD16++, CD14+CD16+, and CD14+CD16‐ cell numbers remained unchanged. CD14dimCD16++ cell number was negatively associated with total cholesterol (TC) and triglyceride, while CD14++CD16+ cell number was positively associated with TC, low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL), TC to high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL) ratio, and LDL to HDL ratio. Weight loss achieved while consuming an ER diet with either normal or high protein may improve immunity by partially decreasing proinflammatory monocytes. Associations between MS and plasma lipids and lipoproteins are confirmed in overweight and obese adults.
Effectiveness of a new approach for exclusive breastfeeding counselling on breastfeeding prevalence, infant growth velocity and postpartum weight loss in overweight or obese women: protocol for a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Maternal overweight, infant feeding and early growth velocity are risk factors for obesity later in life. The first one thousand days are a window of opportunity to program health and disease. Exclusive breastfeeding may protect against obesity$$$ however, it is not consistently practiced. Obesity rates have been increasing worldwide. Overweight or obese women have lower rates of breastfeeding and face mechanical, psychological and biological difficulties. Breastfeeding counselling is a successful strategy to support breastfeeding in normal weight women$$$ but there is a lack of evidence on its effectiveness in overweight women. Our purpose is to evaluate a new approach to exclusive breastfeeding counselling based on Carl Rogers' Centred‐Client Theory in overweight women, and to examine effects on breastfeeding prevalence, infant growth velocity and maternal postpartum weight loss. METHODS: A two‐arm simple randomized controlled trial will be conducted in overweight and obese women recruited in a Baby Friendly Hospital in Bogota, Colombia. The intervention is exclusive breastfeeding counselling based on Rogers' theory but adapted for overweight women$$$ it will be performed during the last month of pregnancy, 24 h after delivery and during early infancy (1 and 3 months postpartum). The primary outcomes will be exclusive breastfeeding prevalence, infant growth velocity and maternal weight loss from birth up to 4 months after delivery$$$ and the secondary outcomes will be prolactin and macronutrient levels in breast milk and serum prolactin levels. Intention to treat analysis will be performed to estimate the effect of the new counselling approach compared to standard management on the prevalence of exclusive breastfeeding, infant growth velocity and maternal weight loss. DISCUSSION: We hypothesize that the intervention will result in an increase in the initiation and maintenance of exclusive breastfeeding, allowing adequate infant growth velocity and maternal weight loss after delivery. It is hoped that the results of this trial will provide evidence to support public health policy on supporting breastfeeding in this vulnerable group of women. TRIAL REGISTRATION: (UTN) U1111‐1228‐9913 February 20th 2019$$$ ISRCTN15922904 February 27th 2019, retrospectively registered.
Lactoferrin inhibits hepatitis C virus viremia in patients with chronic hepatitis C: a pilot study$$$ Hepatitis C virus (HCV) is associated with the development of cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma. We recently found that bovine lactoferrin, a milk protein belonging to the iron transporter family, effectively prevented HCV infection in cultured human hepatocytes (PH5CH8). We tested the hypothesis that lactoferrin inhibits HCV viremia in patients with chronic hepatitis C. Eleven patients with chronic hepatitis C received an 8‐week course of bovine lactoferrin (1.8 or 3.6 g/day). At the end of lactoferrin treatment, a decrease in serum alanine transaminase and HCV RNA concentrations was apparent in 3 (75%) of 4 patients with low pretreatment serum concentrations of HCV RNA. However, 7 patients with high pretreatment concentrations showed no significant changes in these indices. This pilot study suggests that lactoferrin is one potential candidate as an anti‐HCV reagent that may be effective for the treatment of patients with chronic hepatitis.
Clinical study on efficacy and safety of Huangqi Guizhi Wuwu decoction bubble bag in paclitaxel related peripheral neuritis of breast cancer patients : a protocol for a randomized, controlled, double-blind trial$$$ INTERVENTION: control group:Routine nursing measures were given, that is, health education combined with vitamin E milk and vitamin B12 ointment.$$$Test group:On the basis of the control group, Huangqi Guizhi Wuwu decoction was used to soak hands and feet.$$$ CONDITION: Breast Cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Evaluation scale of peripheral neurotoxicity of chemotherapeutic drugs (EORTC qlq‐cipn20)$$$Mental state rating scale$$$Score of TCM syndrome integral quantitative scale (slefi)$$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: ????????????????$$$???18‐70?$$$???????????????????:????????,?????,??????,??????$$$???????3????$$$?????????????$$$???????,??????? ????????????????$$$???18‐70?$$$???????????????????:????????,?????,??????,??????$$$???????3????$$$?????????????$$$???????,??????? (1) breast cancer patients confirmed by histology or pathology$$$ ? Age 18‐70 years old$$$ ? Plan to receive or have received paclitaxel drugs: including solvent paclitaxel, docetaxel, albumin paclitaxel, paclitaxel liposome$$$ ? The estimated survival time is more than 3 months$$$ ? It conforms to the category of syndrome differentiation and treatment of blood arthralgia in traditional Chinese medicine$$$ The patient is unconscious and can communicate with normal language
Probiotics trial$$$ INTERVENTION: Probiotic administration group: Bifidobacterial powder BB536 (Morinaga Milk Industry Group, Pathology and Nutrition Division Clinico Co., Ltd.) is administered orally as probiotics for 2 weeks before surgery and 3 months after surgery (resumed from the third day after surgery). Probiotics non‐administration group: Bifidobacterial powder BB536 is not administered orally CONDITION: Gastric cancer $$$ Gastric cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Body weight and skeletal muscle mass SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1)Enterobacterial flora$$$ 2)Postoperative complication rate $$$ 3)Abdominal symptom INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1)Older than 20 y.o. 2)Patients with gastric cancer who are unlikely to be treated with anticancer drugs after surgery 3)Clinical stage a)T1‐3 b)N0‐1 c)M0 4)Regardless of whether the operation is open or laparoscopic 5) Main organ function is maintained 6) Patients who gave written informed consent before entry in this study
Effect of conjugated linoleic acid supplementation on weight loss and body fat composition in a Chinese population$$$ OBJECTIVE: Conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) has several benefits, including body fat reduction, as proved in animals. However, the results of CLA‐induced body composition alterations in humans are inconsistent, and no related data are available for Chinese populations. This study aimed to determine whether CLA affects body weight (BW) loss and body composition of overweight and obese Chinese subjects. METHODS: In this randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial, subjects with a body mass index (BMI) of 24 to 35 kg/m(2) randomly received 1.7 g of cis‐9,trans‐11 and trans‐10,cis‐12 CLA (n = 30) or placebo (salad oil$$$ n = 33) in 200 mL of sterilized milk twice daily for 12 wk. Changes in body composition were determined by bioimpedance measurements. RESULTS: Sixty‐three subjects completed the study (CLA, n = 30). After 12 wk, compared with the baseline, the BW, BMI, total fat mass, fat percentage, subcutaneous fat mass, and waist‐to‐hip ratio decreased in the CLA group (P < 0.05). The CLA group was stratified by BMI and gender. The BW, BMI, subcutaneous fat mass, and waist‐to‐hip ratio decreased in 27 subjects with a BMI ≥ 27, and these indices, except subcutaneous fat mass, were lower in female subjects. The levels of total cholesterol, triacylglycerol, low‐density lipoprotein, and plasma fasting glucose increased, whereas those of high‐density lipoprotein decreased after 3 mo of CLA treatment. The changes were not significantly different from the baseline values. CONCLUSION: The supplementation of CLA for 12 wk in overweight and grade I obese Chinese subjects yielded lower obesity indices, with no obvious adverse effects.
Galactose promotes fat mobilization in obese lactating and nonlactating women$$$ BACKGROUND: Galactose consumption as the only carbohydrate source results in little increase in plasma glucose and insulin concentrations when compared with fasting. Lower insulin might promote endogenous lipolysis during meal absorption, which may facilitate fat loss. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to test the hypothesis that consumption of an isocaloric, isonitrogenous galactose drink will result in higher rates of lipolysis and fat oxidation than consumption of a glucose drink in obese lactating and nonlactating women. DESIGN: Seven healthy, obese, exclusively breastfeeding women and 7 healthy, obese, nonlactating women were studied on 2 occasions according to a randomized, crossover, single‐blinded design. Subjects received drinks providing ≈70% of the daily estimated energy requirement, of which 60% was either glucose or galactose. The primary outcomes were the rate of appearance (Ra) of glycerol and palmitate, and the secondary outcomes were glucose Ra, milk production, energy expenditure, and substrate oxidation. RESULTS: Plasma glucose and insulin concentrations were lower (P < 0.05) and those of glycerol, palmitate, free fatty acids, and triglycerides were higher (P < 0.05) during galactose than during glucose feeding in both nonlactating and lactating women. During galactose feeding, glucose Ra was lower (P < 0.01) and glycerol, palmitate, and free fatty acid Ra were higher (P < 0.01) in both groups. During galactose feeding in all women combined, fat oxidation was higher (P = 0.01) and protein oxidation was lower (P < 0.01). Milk production, energy expenditure, and carbohydrate oxidation were similar between glucose and galactose feeding. CONCLUSIONS: Galactose consumption is associated with higher endogenous fat mobilization and oxidation during meal absorption. Long‐term studies are required to determine whether galactose as an exclusive carbohydrate source would promote body fat loss in obese subjects.
Dietary carbohydrate, a Big Mac, and insulin requirements in type I diabetes$$$ Using the artificial beta‐cell (Biostator), we determined the insulin requirements in five nonobese type I (insulin‐dependent) diabetic subjects who received isocaloric 40 and 60% mixed‐carbohydrate diets in a crossover randomized fashion for 4 days, each day consisting of four equal meals. This was followed on day 5 by a "Big Mac Attack" lunch consisting of a Big Mac, french fries, and milk shake. Insulin requirements to maintain normoglycemia were calculated for each 24‐h period and for the 2 h after each meal. The mean 24‐h insulin requirements to maintain normoglycemia was greater for the 60% carbohydrate diet than the 40% diet. Although the four meals were of equal size, in all patients the insulin required to cover breakfast greater than lunch greater than dinner greater than or equal to snack. Expressed as milliunits per kilocalorie, the amount of insulin to cover breakfast was greater for the 60% (P less than .05) than the 40% carbohydrate diet and greater for breakfast than the other meals (P less than .01). Insulin requirements for the Big Mac (43% carbohydrate) were 58% greater than for the 40% carbohydrate diet, even after correction for caloric differences. In summary, 1) increasing dietary carbohydrate from 40 to 60% results in an increased insulin requirement for meals only$$$ 2) insulin requirements are greater in the morning than in the evening, even when meal size is constant$$$ and 3) very large meals with high fat and carbohydrate content result in a major increase in insulin requirement. These data indicate that diet has an important impact on insulin requirements in diabetes.
*Once you pop, you just can*t stop*: how mindset rules biology and makes you eat$$$ INTERVENTION: The effect of two manipulated mindsets will be compared: ‐ Loss‐of‐control mindset ‐ Control mindset CONDITION: eetgedrag $$$ obesity PRIMARY OUTCOME: ‐ Food intake ‐‐> amount of chocolate intake in grams with bogus taste test $$$ ‐ Feelings of control ‐‐> questionnaires on feeling of craving and control $$$ ‐ Desire to eat ‐‐> questionnaires on desire to eat $$$ ‐ Satiety feelings ‐‐> hunger and satiety questionnaires $$$ ‐ Ghrelin response ‐‐> blood hormone level determination $$$ ‐ GLP‐1 response ‐‐> blood hormone level determination $$$ ‐ Brain reward activity ‐‐> fMRI reward related areas $$$ ‐ Brain control activity ‐‐> fMRI control related areas $$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: N.A. $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: female first years' bachelor students (age between 18 ‐ 25 years) right handed Score >70 mm on milk and/or dark chocolate liking rating
Association of vitamin D related information from a telephone interview with 25-hydroxyvitamin D$$$ Vitamin D may be associated with reduced risks of several types of cancer, including colon, prostate, and breast. We examined the relationship between vitamin D‐related questions administered in a telephone interview and serum 25‐hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D]. Three hundred and eight eligible women were randomly selected from controls in a breast cancer case‐control study. Questions pertaining to sun exposure and dietary sources of vitamin D over the previous 4 weeks were asked in both summer and winter. We assessed the association between questionnaire‐derived items and 25(OH)D using multiple linear regression. There were 217 participating women, 203 in summer and 213 in winter. Models were adjusted for age, body mass index, and skin color. Number of days when more than 0.5 hour was spent outdoors per week ("7" versus "<7" beta = 11.12$$$ P = 0.01), limb coverage ("no" beta = 24.90 and "partial" beta = 8.15 versus "yes"$$$ P = 0.0001), and milk intake (glasses/wk$$$ ">10" beta = 18.94, ">5‐10" beta = 9.16, and "1‐5" beta = 7.90 versus "<1"$$$ P = 0.02) best predicted 25(OH)D in the summer. The best predictors in the winter were sunlamp use ("yes" beta = 27.97 versus "no"$$$ P = 0.01), milk intake (glasses/wk$$$ ">10" beta = 14.54, ">5‐10" beta = 11.54, and "1‐5" beta = 2.15 versus "<1"$$$ P = 0.01), and vitamin D‐containing supplements ("high" beta = 17.30 and "moderate" beta = 13.82 versus "none"$$$ P = 0.0006). The R(2) was 0.29 for the summer model and was 0.21 for the winter model. Overall, there was evidence to suggest that questions designed to assess vitamin D exposure were in fact related to serum 25(OH)D
Cognitive research enhances accuracy of food frequency questionnaire reports: results of an experimental validation study$$$ OBJECTIVE: To test whether changing a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) on the basis of cognitive theory and testing results in greater accuracy. Accuracy was examined for 4 design issues: a) Grouping: asking about foods in a single vs multiple separate questions$$$ b) different forms of a food: asking consumption frequency of each form of a food (eg, skim, 2%, whole milk) vs a nesting approach‐‐asking frequency of the main food (eg, milk) and proportion of times each form was consumed$$$ c) additions (eg, sugar to coffee): asking independent of the main food vs nested under the main foods$$$ d) units: asking frequency and portion size vs frequency of units (eg, cups of coffee). DESIGN: Participants in two randomly assigned groups completed 30 consecutive daily food reports (DFRs), followed by 1 of 2 FFQs that asked about foods consumed in the past month. One was a new, cognitively‐based National Cancer Institute (NCI) Diet History Questionnaire$$$ the other was the 1992 NCI‐Block Health Habits and History Questionnaire. SUBJECTS/SETTING: 623 participants, age range 25 to 70 years, from metropolitan Washington, DC. Statistical analyses performed Accuracy was assessed by comparing DFR and FFQ responses using categorical (percent agreement) and continuous (rank order correlation, discrepancy scores) agreement statistics. RESULTS: Grouping: accuracy was greater using separate questions. Different forms of food: accuracy was greater using nesting. Additions: neither approach was consistently superior$$$ accuracy of the addition report was affected by accuracy of the main food report. Units: both approaches were similarly accurate. CONCLUSIONS: Accuracy of FFQ reporting can be improved by restructuring questions based on cognitive theory and testing.
Effects of deprivation on hedonics and reinforcing value of food$$$ Eating is influenced by both the hedonic preferences and reinforcing value of food. Incentive salience theory predicts these are separate influences. This study tested whether hedonics reliably change as a function of increasing the reinforcing value of food by deprivation in 17 non‐obese, non‐dietary restrained females. Baseline measures of hedonics for pleasant (chocolate milk), unpleasant (lemon juice) and neutral (water) tastes were determined under deprived conditions. Participants were then randomly assigned to fed or maintained in deprived conditions, and after food consumption, a second determination of hedonics was obtained, followed by assessing the reinforcing value of food. Hedonics was measured by subjective ratings and behavioral observations in a taste reactivity paradigm. Results showed food was more reinforcing for the deprived than the fed group, but no influences of group were observed for the subjective or objective hedonic measures. These results suggest that hedonics and the reinforcing value of food are separate processes in humans, and they may independently influence eating behavior.
Recruitment and retention of participants for an international type 1 diabetes prevention trial: a coordinators' perspective$$$ BACKGROUND: The Trial to Reduce Insulin Dependent Diabetes Mellitus in the Genetically at Risk (TRIGR) is the first multicenter international type 1 diabetes (T1D) prevention trial to be undertaken. A unique feature of TRIGR has been recruitment of eligible pregnant women and enrollment of newborns for long‐term follow‐up assessments. PURPOSE: Our purpose is to summarize the recruitment and retention strategies used to conduct TRIGR from the perspective of the study coordinators. METHODS: TRIGR was designed to test whether weaning to formula containing hydrolyzed versus intact cow's milk protein would be efficacious in decreasing risk for development of T1D‐associated autoantibodies and T1D among infants identified to be at increased risk for T1D based on their human leukocyte antigen (HLA) profile and family history. Multiple strategies tailored to local issues were required to enroll and follow the target number of infants. RESULTS: This study was conducted in the United States, Canada, Australia, and 12 countries in Europe. Of the 5606 mothers registered worldwide, 5000 of their infants were randomized. Of these, 2159 were HLA eligible and enrolled in the 8‐month intervention and 10‐year follow‐up phases of this study. The TRIGR study met the accrual goal after 4.7 years of recruitment, 2.7 years longer than projected initially. Challenges included difficulty in finding fathers with T1D, a higher than expected rate of premature delivery among T1D mothers, and implementation of new privacy regulations mid‐trial. The majority of participants were recruited from primary care antenatal clinics located near the study centers and from a general hospital or pediatric center that was affiliated with a TRIGR Study center. Internet and magazine advertisements were found to be useful for recruitment of families. Alternative follow‐up strategies are offered to families who wish to reduce or discontinue participation. LIMITATIONS: Our experience is limited to a single international multicenter trial. CONCLUSIONS: TRIGR coordinators played key roles in the recruitment and intervention periods and continue to be instrumental in retaining families and children during the 10‐year follow‐up period for each child.
A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of casein protein hydrolysate (C12 peptide) in human essential hypertension$$$ BACKGROUND: Many patients seek complementary medicine treatments like neutraceuticals for common conditions such as hypertension. METHODS: We conducted a placebo‐controlled prospective randomized crossover study in 10 hypertensive subjects to determine whether a single dose of a hydrolysate of bovine milk protein (designated C12 peptide$$$ low and high dose), either alone or combined with alginic acid (low and high dose), reduced daytime blood pressure (BP), as determined by ambulatory BP monitoring. RESULTS: Within the five treatment regimens a significant reduction of 9.2 +/‐ 3.2 mm Hg in systolic BP at h 6 compared with h 2 occurred on the higher dose of alginic acid (1754 mg) combined with C12 (P = .02). The C12 peptide with the higher dose of alginic acid also showed a significant reduction of 6.0 +/‐ 2.0 mm Hg in diastolic BP at h 6 compared with h 2 (P = .015). CONCLUSIONS: These preliminary data are encouraging and deserve testing in a larger and longer treatment trial.
Athimathura Chooranam for High Blood Pressure$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Athimathura Chooranam: Athimathuram Inji Thipilli Elam Seeragam Nattu sakarai. The above mentioned drugs will be purified and pulverised. After mixing well the powder will be mixed with nattu sakarai and kept in a air tight container. Duration : 48 days Dosage : 1gm Twice a day Oral route adminisation Adjuvant : Cows Milk Control Intervention1: NA: NA CONDITION: Health Condition 1: I10‐ Essential (primary) hypertension PRIMARY OUTCOME: The outcome of this treatment will be as follows.The blood pressure reduction of 80% is taken as good,reduction in 50% is taken as moderate,20% reduction is taken as poor. $$$ $$$ Timepoint: 3 Months $$$ $$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: Reduction in Total Cholesterol levelsTimepoint: 3 Months INCLUSION CRITERIA: ? Grade 1 SBP =140 mmHg and 159 mmHg DBP =90 mmHg and 99 mmHg ? Grade 2 SBP =160 mmHg and 179mmHg DBP=100 mmHg and 109mmHg
Shortening the baseline period in hot flash symptom control trials: comparison of a one-day versus seven-day baseline hot flash diary$$$ Background: Hundreds, if not thousands, of participants are enrolled hot flash trials each year given the magnitude of the problem for breast and prostate cancer survivors. Classically, these studies have included a baseline period of 1‐week, or longer, to understand the frequency and severity of hot flashes before starting a new treatment. The objective of the current study was to compare the accuracy of a 1‐ day baseline hot flash diary to a more traditional 1‐week dairy. A shorter baseline period would be more convenient for patients and provide a more efficient study design. Methods: Raw data from 5 pilot studies and 15 phase III randomized, controlled trials (RCTs), all of which used a one‐week baseline period, were obtained. Descriptive statistics were used to describe day‐by‐day variations in hot flash frequencies and scores, during the baseline week. Additional analyses evaluated whether the conclusions from any of the individual pilot studies would have been changed if only a 1‐day baseline period had been used. For the RCTs, p‐values were recalculated using mixed models, adjusting for the baseline value by including it as a covariate. Results: A total of 2,573 participants were included. On average, participants had 8.5 hot flashes per day on Day 1. Mean hot flash frequencies and scores on subsequent days (Days 2‐7) were within 6% of Day 1 values. When comparing a 1‐day to a 1‐week baseline period, there was an absolute difference of only 0.29 hot flashes per day (SD 2.25). Re‐analysis for each pilot study revealed that no individual study conclusions would have been meaningfully altered by a shorter baseline. For the RCTs, a shorter baseline period changed the results of only 1 of 24 comparisons from statistically significant to not significant, or vice versa. Conclusions: A 1‐day hot flash diary appears to accurately reflect true frequency and severity of baseline hot flash symptoms in appropriately sized cohorts. Results support a shorter baseline period for pilot studies and RCTs.
Effect of multimedia education on nutritional behaviour for colorectal cancer prevention: an application of health belief model$$$ Background: Colorectal cancer is a major public health problem. A way to decrease this cancer is through dietary behavioural changes. The aim of this study was to determine the effects of education on dietary behaviour based on the health belief model (HBM) using multimedia. Methods: In this clinical trial study, 98 participants were randomly allocated to an HBM group (n = 48) and a control group (n = 50). The HBM group received an audiovisual compact disc (CD) that contained information about nutritional behaviour of colorectal cancer (CRC) prevention based on HBM that lasted 45 min. Both groups completed questionnaires regarding demographic factors, knowledge and HBM constructs, and a three‐day dietary recall at the beginning of the study, 1 week after, and 3 months after the education. The outcome of this study was measured by the amount of food servings consumed and dietary micronutrient intake. Results: At the baseline, there were no significant differences between groups regarding demographic factors. Findings showed that self‐efficacy (P < 0.001), severity (P < 0.001), and benefits (P < 0.001) were perceived to be higher, and knowledge (P < 0.001) was increased in the HBM group compared to control group 3 months after education. There was a significant increase in fruit and vegetable (P < 0.001) and dairy (P = 0.001) intake and a significant decrease in red meat servings (P = 0.016) in the HBM group compared to the control group. Also, intake of vitamin D (P < 0.001), folate (P < 0.001), calcium (P = 0.008), and dietary fibre (P < 0.001) was increased in the HBM group compared to the control group 3 months after education. Conclusion: Education plans based on HBM and implemented through multimedia can change nutritional beliefs and behaviours for the prevention of colorectal cancer.
An intervention to improve nutrition guideline compliance in childcare services$$$ Background: In 2012, only 3% of Australian preschool aged children met daily recommendations for vegetable intake and 22% for daily fruit intake. Dietary habits developed in childhood are known to track into adulthood and influence the risk of chronic disease including cancer. Implementing dietary guidelines in the childcare setting can have positive public health outcomes and is recommended by the World Health Organization. Despite this, research shows that dietary guidelines are poorly implemented by childcare services. Aims: To assess the effectiveness of a theory informed multistrategy intervention on improving compliance with nutrition guidelines in childcare services$$$ and the impact of improved nutrition guideline compliance on child dietary intake while in care. Methods: A random sample of 52 childcare services were randomly allocated to a 6‐month implementation intervention. The intervention was designed utilizing the theoretical domains framework. Intervention strategies included: securing executive support, provision of staff training and resources, audit and feedback and ongoing support. To assess the effectiveness, comprehensive menu reviews were completed by a dietitian, blinded to group allocation. Child dietary intake was assessed via aggregate plate waste measures and educator completed child usual food intake questionnaires. Results: The trial had a significant increase in childcare service menu compliance with three of the five Australian Guide to Healthy Eating food groups (fruit [P < 0.05], meat and alternatives [P < 0.05) and dairy [P<0.05]) and discretionary foods (P<0.05). The trial also resulted in a significant increase in service‐level child fruit and vegetable food group serve consumption and individual child usual food group consumption of vegetables$$$ fruit$$$ breads and cereals$$$ and meat and alternatives. Conclusions: The findings indicate that service level changes to menus in line with dietary guidelines can result in improvements to children's dietary intake. The strengths of this trial include its randomized design, the use of the theoretical domains framework to guide intervention strategy selection and the rigorous assessment of primary and secondary outcome measures.
Farm pesticides: outcomes of a randomized controlled intervention to reduce risks$$$ BACKGROUND: In response to the multiple health risks that farm pesticide applicators experience and the need for controlled trials to evaluate prevention programs, this study tested the effects of a small‐group educational intervention designed to increase personal protective equipment (PPE) use and to reduce direct pesticide exposure. DESIGN: A randomized controlled design was used with random selection of participants, random assignment to intervention and control groups, and baseline and postintervention assessments. SETTING/PARTICIPANTS: Four hundred Wisconsin dairy farmers certified to apply pesticides to field crops were recruited to participate over a 1‐year evaluation period. INTERVENTION: Three‐hour educational sessions were conducted with approximately 100 randomly assigned participants. Sessions targeted four educational messages: (1) existing evidence of excess cancers among farmers, (2) simulation of pesticide exposure presented through slide show and description, (3) feedback of self‐reported data collected from the farmers reporting on frequency of exposure and gear use, and (4) cognitive behavioral strategies that can be adopted to reduce pesticide hazards. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: A change in use of required protective equipment use during application and self‐reported dermal exposure were evaluated in the control and intervention groups postintervention. RESULTS: Six‐month postintervention analyses showed that an educational intervention had significant effects on the use of gloves and gear during the most recent application and an actual reduction in the total number of pesticides used. However, the intervention did not have a significant impact on achieving full PPE compliance nor in reducing the amount of self‐reported dermal pesticide exposure during the most recent application reported by applicators. CONCLUSIONS$$$ This one‐time educational intervention successfully increased protective equipment use. However, more‐intensive programs are needed to achieve greater reductions in personal pesticide exposure.
Nutritional Impact and Eating Pattern Changes in Schizophrenic Spectrum Disorders after Health Education Program on Symbiotic Dietary Modulation Offered by Specialised Psychiatric Nursing-Two-Arm Randomised Clinical Trial$$$ Background: The traditional therapeutic approach has perceived the role of nutrition as a minor intervention in psychiatry. The microbiota–gut–brain axis theory evidences the influence of dietary and nutritional patterns on mental health. Aims: To evidence the impact of dietary advice on increasing symbiotic intake on nutritional status and dietary habits in individuals with schizophrenia spectrum disorders. Methods: Randomised clinical trial (two‐arm, double‐blind, balanced‐block, six‐month intervention) in 50 individuals diagnosed with schizophrenia spectrum disorders. The control group received conventional dietary advice on an individual basis. A personal nutritional education programme was established in the intervention group (IG) to increase prebiotic and probiotic intake through dietary advice (dairy and fermented foods, green leafy vegetables, high‐fibre fruit, whole grains, etc.). Data on nutritional status and dietary habits were collected (baseline and six months). The degree of dietary adherence to the recommended patterns was recorded weekly. Anthropometric parameters were also analysed monthly. Results: Finally, 44 subjects completed the follow‐up. All participants exceeded the dietary reference intakes. The overall and intra‐group analysis showed a statistically significant (p < 0.05) reduction in macro and micronutrient intakes with a closer approximation to the recommended dietary intakes, except for polyunsaturated fatty acids, oligosaccharides, polysaccharides and dietary fibre. After six months of intervention, statistical differences (p < 0.001) were found in all variables of the anthropometric profile in the IG, as well as an increase in the consumption of foods with a high symbiotic content (at baseline and six months). Likewise, a reduction in eggs, meat, fish, sugars and ultra‐processed foods was evident, leading to significant intra‐group differences (p < 0.05). Conclusions: Implementing conventional nutritional education strategies and specific nutritional advice with a symbiotic effect improves the dietary‐nutritional profile in patients with schizophrenia spectrum disorders. Furthermore, it highlights the nutritional impact on mental health, stating itself as adjuvant therapy for physical health and lifestyle improvement.
Effect of cocoa powder on the modulation of inflammatory biomarkers in patients at high risk of cardiovascular disease$$$ BACKGROUND: Epidemiologic studies have suggested that flavonoid intake plays a critical role in the prevention of coronary heart disease. Because atherosclerosis is considered a low‐grade inflammatory disease, some feeding trials have analyzed the effects of cocoa (an important source of flavonoids) on inflammatory biomarkers, but the results have been controversial. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to evaluate the effects of chronic cocoa consumption on cellular and serum biomarkers related to atherosclerosis in high‐risk patients. DESIGN: Forty‐two high‐risk volunteers (19 men and 23 women$$$ mean +/‐ SD age: 69.7 +/‐ 11.5 y) were included in a randomized crossover feeding trial. All subjects received 40 g cocoa powder with 500 mL skim milk/d (C+M) or only 500 mL skim milk/d (M) for 4 wk. Before and after each intervention period, cellular and serum inflammatory biomarkers related to atherosclerosis were evaluated. RESULTS: Adherence to the dietary protocol was excellent. No significant changes in the expression of adhesion molecules on T lymphocyte surfaces were found between the C+M and M groups. However, in monocytes, the expression of VLA‐4, CD40, and CD36 was significantly lower (P = 0.005, 0.028, and 0.001, respectively) after C+M intake than after M intake. In addition, serum concentrations of the soluble endothelium‐derived adhesion molecules P‐selectin and intercellular adhesion molecule‐1 were significantly lower (both P = 0.007) after C+M intake than after M intake. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that the intake of cocoa polyphenols may modulate inflammatory mediators in patients at high risk of cardiovascular disease. These antiinflammatory effects may contribute to the overall benefits of cocoa consumption against atherosclerosis. This trial was registered in the Current Controlled Trials at London, International Standard Randomized Controlled Trial Number, at controlled‐trials.com as ISRCTN75176807.
The effect of dietary patterns on estimated coronary heart disease risk: results from the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) trial$$$ BACKGROUND: The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet is recommended in the 2005 US Dietary Guidelines. To understand the potential benefits of DASH on coronary heart disease (CHD), we applied the Framingham risk equations to calculate 10‐year risk of developing CHD using data from the DASH trial. METHODS AND RESULTS: In the DASH trial, 459 individuals with prehypertension or stage‐1 hypertension not taking antihypertensive medication were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 diets: control, fruits and vegetables (F/V), or DASH (rich in fruits, vegetables, low‐fat dairy, and reduced in fats and cholesterol). Weight was held constant. Estimated 10‐year CHD risk was the primary outcome of this secondary analysis. Among 436 participants with complete data, mean (SD) age was 44.7 (10.7) years, 51% were male, and 60% were African‐American. Median 10‐year CHD risk was 0.98% at baseline and decreased in all groups. Compared with control, the relative risk ratio comparing 8‐week with baseline 10‐year CHD risk was 0.93 (95% confidence interval, 0.85 to 1.02$$$ P=0.12) for F/V and 0.82 (95% confidence interval, 0.75 to 0.90$$$ P<0.001) for DASH. Comparing DASH with F/V, the relative risk ratio was 0.89 (95% confidence interval, 0.81 to 0.97$$$ P=0.012). With the exception of an interaction between dietary pattern and race suggesting a greater risk reduction in blacks than whites (P for interaction=0.038), results were similar across subgroups. CONCLUSIONS: Compared with control and F/V, the DASH diet reduced estimated 10‐year CHD risk by 18% and 11%, respectively. In addition to reducing blood pressure, the DASH diet should substantially reduce the risk of CHD.
A paleolithic diet is more satiating per calorie than a mediterranean-like diet in individuals with ischemic heart disease$$$ Background. We found marked improvement of glucose tolerance and lower dietary energy intake in ischemic heart disease (IHD) patients after advice to follow a Paleolithic diet, as compared to a Mediterranean‐like diet. We now report findings on subjective ratings of satiety at meals and data on the satiety hormone leptin and the soluble leptin receptor from the same study. Methods. Twenty‐nine male IHD patients with impaired glucose tolerance or diabetes type 2, and waist circumference > 94 cm, were randomized to ad libitum consumption of a Paleolithic diet (n = 14) based on lean meat, fish, fruit, vegetables, root vegetables, eggs, and nuts, or a Mediterranean‐like diet (n = 15) based on whole grains, low‐fat dairy products, vegetables, fruit, fish, and oils and margarines during 12 weeks. In parallel with a four day weighed food record the participants recorded their subjective rating of satiety. Satiety Quotients were calculated, as the intra‐meal quotient of change in satiety during meal and consumed energy or weight of food and drink for that specific meal. Leptin and leptin receptor was measured at baseline and after 6 and 12 weeks. Free leptin index was calculated as the ratio leptin/leptin receptor. Results. The Paleolithic group were as satiated as the Mediterranean group but consumed less energy per day (5.8 MJ/day vs. 7.6 MJ/day, Paleolithic vs. Mediterranean, p = 0.04). Consequently, the quotients of mean change in satiety during meal and mean consumed energy from food and drink were higher in the Paleolithic group (p = 0.03). Also, there was a strong trend for greater Satiety Quotient for energy in the Paleolithic group (p = 0.057). Leptin decreased by 31% in the Paleolithic group and by 18% in the Mediterranean group with a trend for greater relative decrease of leptin in the Paleolithic group. Relative changes in leptin and changes in weight and waist circumference correlated significantly in the Paleolithic group (p < 0.001) but not in the Mediterranean group. Changes in leptin receptor and free leptin index were not significant. Conclusions. A Paleolithic diet is more satiating per calorie than a Mediterranean‐like diet. Trial registration. ClinicalTrials.gov NCT00419497. © 2010 Jönsson et al$$$ licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Preventive effects of transcutaneous electrical acustimulation on ischemic stroke-induced constipation mediated via the autonomic pathway$$$ The aim of this study was to explore the preventive effect and possible mechanisms of transcutaneous electrical acustimulation (TEA) on stroke‐induced constipation. A total of 86 ischemic stroke patients were randomly allocated to 2‐wk TEA or sham‐TEA group. Bowel dairy and Bristol Stool Form Scale were recorded daily. Constipation and dyspeptic symptom assessment was performed at the end of the 14‐day treatment. Electrocardiogram was recorded for the assessment of autonomic function. The correlation between autonomic function at admission and stroke severity was assessed. The univariate and multivariate regression analyses were performed to investigate the risk factors for stroke‐induced constipation. The cumulative incidence of stroke‐induced constipation was 68.2% at the acute stage. Sympathetic nerve activity at admission was positively correlated with stroke severity (R = 0.47, P < 0.001). Sympathetic nerve activity and stroke severity were independent risk factors for stroke‐induced constipation. TEA decreased cumulative incidence of stroke‐induced constipation (42.9 vs. 68.2%, P = 0.029). TEA significantly increased frequency of bowel movements (4.5 vs. 5.5, P = 0.001) and spontaneous bowel movements (3.0 vs. 4.5, P = 0.003) per week. TEA decreased straining defecations (0.2 vs. 0, P < 0.001) and laxative use (1 vs. 0, P < 0.001). TEA improved stool consistency and patients’ quality of life (P < 0.05, resp.). TEA increased vagal activity (P < 0.001 vs. baseline) and decreased sympathetic activity (P < 0.001 vs. baseline). Ischemic stroke patients are predisposed to autonomic function imbalance. TEA was effective in the prevention of stroke‐induced constipation, and the effect was possibly mediated via the autonomic function. NEW & NOTEWORTHY This study illustrated that the brain‐gut dysfunction, primarily autonomic function imbalance, was correlated with the stroke‐induced constipation. This was the first study to report that transcutaneous electrical acustimulation had a preventive effect on stroke‐induced constipation, suggesting a potential novel therapy for bowel problem management. The effect was possibly mediated via the autonomic function.
Plasma lathosterol measures rates of cholesterol synthesis and efficiency of dietary phytosterols in reducing the plasma cholesterol concentration$$$ OBJECTIVES: Because the plasma campesterol/cholesterol ratio does not differ between groups that absorb different amounts of cholesterol, the authors investigated whether the plasma Phytosterols (PS) relate to the body's cholesterol synthesis rate measured as non‐cholesterol sterol precursors (lathosterol). METHOD: The authors studied 38 non‐obese volunteers (58±12 years$$$ Low‐Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol ‒ LDL‐C ≥ 130 mg/dL) randomly assigned to consume 400 mL/day of soy milk (Control phase) or soy milk + PS (1.6 g/day) for four weeks in a double‐blind, cross‐over study. PS and lathosterol were measured in plasma by gas chromatography coupled to mass spectrophotometry. RESULTS: PS treatment reduced plasma total cholesterol concentration (‐5.5%, p < 0.001), LDL‐C (‐7.6%, p < 0.001), triglycerides (‐13.6%, p < 0.0085), and apolipoprotein B (apo B) (‐6.3%, p < 0.008), without changing high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL‐C concentration), but plasma lathosterol, campesterol and sitosterol expressed per plasma cholesterol increased. CONCLUSIONS: The lathosterol‐to‐cholesterol plasma ratio predicted the plasma cholesterol response to PS feeding. The highest plasma lathosterol concentration during the control phase was associated with a lack of response of plasma cholesterol during the PS treatment period. Consequently, cholesterol synthesis in non‐responders to dietary PS being elevated in the control phase indicates these cases resist to further synthesis rise, whereas responders to dietary PS, having in the control phase synthesis values lower than non‐responders, expand synthesis on alimentary PS. Responders absorb more PS than non‐responders, likely resulting from responders delivering into the intestinal lumen less endogenous cholesterol than non‐responders do, thus facilitating greater intestinal absorption of PS shown as increased plasma PS concentration.
Fatty acid chain length, postprandial satiety and food intake in lean men$$$ High‐fat diets are associated with obesity, and the weak satiety response elicited in response to dietary lipids is likely to play a role. Preliminary evidence from studies of medium (MCT) and long chain triglycerides (LCT) supports greater appetite suppression on high‐MCT diets, possibly a consequence of direct portal access, more rapid oxidation and muted lipaemia. No data is as yet available on high‐SCT diets which also have direct hepatic access. In this study SCT‐ (dairy fats), MCT‐ (coconut oil) and LCT‐enriched (beef tallow) test breakfasts (3.3 MJ) containing 52 g lipid (58 en% fat) were investigated in a randomized, cross‐over study in 18 lean men. All participants were required to complete the 3 study days in randomised order. Participants rated appetite sensations using visual analogue scales (VAS), and energy intake (EI) was measured by covert weighing of an ad libitum lunch meal 3.5 h postprandially. Blood samples were collected by venous cannulation. There were no detectable differences between breakfasts in perceived pleasantness, visual appearance, smell, taste, aftertaste and palatability (P>0.05). There was no significant effect of fatty acid chain length on ratings of hunger, fullness, satisfaction or current thoughts of food, nor did energy (mean, sem: SCT: 4406, 366 kJ$$$ MCT: 4422, 306 kJ$$$ LCT: 4490, 324 kJ$$$ P>0.05) or macronutrient intake at lunch differ between diets. The maximum difference in EI between diets was less than 2%. Postprandial lipaemia also did not differ significantly. We conclude that there was no evidence that fatty acid chain length has an effect on measures of appetite and food intake when assessed following a single high‐fat test meal in lean participants.
Plasma free amino acid responses to intraduodenal whey protein, and relationships with insulin, glucagon-like peptide-1 and Energy intake in lean healthy men$$$ This study determined the effects of increasing loads of intraduodenal (ID) dairy protein on plasma amino acid (AA) concentrations, and their relationships with serum insulin, plasma glucagon‐like peptide‐1 (GLP‐1) and energy intake. Sixteen healthy men had concentrations of AAs, GLP‐1 and insulin measured in response to 60‐min ID infusions of hydrolysed whey protein administered, in double‐blinded and randomised order, at 2.1 (P2.1), 6.3 (P6.3) or 12.5 (P12.5) kJ/min (encompassing the range of nutrient emptying from the stomach), or saline control (C). Energy intake was quantified immediately afterwards. Compared with C, the concentrations of 19/20 AAs, the exception being cysteine, were increased, and this was dependent on the protein load. The relationship between AA concentrations in the infusions and the area under the curve from 0 to 60 min (AUC0‐$$$60min) of each AA profile was strong for essential AAs (R2 range, 0.61‐0.67), but more variable for non‐essential (0.02‐0.54) and conditional (0.006‐0.64) AAs. The AUC0‐60min for each AA was correlated directly with the AUC0‐60min of insulin (R2 range 0.3‐0.6), GLP‐1 (0.2‐0.6) and energy intake (0.09‐0.3) (p < 0.05, for all), with the strongest correlations being for branched‐chain AAs, lysine, methionine and tyrosine. These findings indicate that ID whey protein infused at loads encompassing the normal range of gastric emptying increases plasma concentrations of 19/20 AAs in a load‐dependent manner, and provide novel information on the close relationships between the essential AAs, leucine, valine, isoleucine, lysine, methionine, and the conditionally‐essential AA, tyrosine, with energy intake, insulin and GLP‐1.
Clinical trial of stress and Sleep management supplement$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Life synergy stress management formula: 3 gm of powder with Milk/Water at Bed time daily for 60 days Intervention2: Life synergy aromatic stress management formula: Apply roll on to forehead and neck area daily for 60 days Intervention3: Life synergy stress management formula along with aromatic roll on formula: 3 gm of powder with Milk/Water at Bed time along with roll on to forehead and neck area daily for 60 days Control Intervention1: Cognitive behavioral therapy: Cognitive behavioral therapy for 60 days CONDITION: PRIMARY OUTCOME: 1.Reduction in stress on perceived stress scale $$$ 2.Profile of mood states (POMS‐2) $$$ 3.Patient‐reported total sleep time. $$$ 4.Patient‐reported time to sleep onset $$$ 5.Patient‐ reported number of awakenings $$$ 6.Graded symptom scale for irritation, poor concentration and weak memory $$$ 7.Hamilton Depression Rating $$$ 8.Changes in serum cortisol levelTimepoint: From baseline to 60 days of medication SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1.Symptom grading for hyperacidity and other GI symptoms like constipation and indigestion/bloating $$$ 2.Daytime fatigue using Fatigue Severity Scale (FSS) $$$ 3.Worklife efficiency scale $$$ 4.DSM‐IV questionnaire $$$ 5.Drug compliance $$$ 6.Tolerability of study drugs $$$ 7.Adverse events/ Adverse drug reactionsTimepoint: From baseline to 60 days of medication INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1.Subjects of age between 18 and 60 years$$$2.Free of psychiatric conditions other than perceived stress$$$3.Have a score less than or equal to 20 to more than or equal to 12 on the World Health Organization–five (WHO‐5) well‐being index$$$4.Subjects with or without diabetes or hypertension (If any comorbidity present the subject should be on stable prescription$$$5.Participants diagnosed with mild insomnia based on the Hamilton Depression Questionnaire
Effect of whole soy and purified daidzein on ambulatory blood pressure and endothelial function--a 6-month double-blind, randomized controlled trial among Chinese postmenopausal women with prehypertension$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Although observational studies suggest that soy foods or isoflavones are cardio‐protective, clinical trials on whole soy or isoflavone daidzein (one major isoflavone and the precursor of equol) on blood pressure (BP) and endothelial function (EF) are few and have not been specifically conducted among equol producers, a population most likely to benefit from soy treatment. SUBJECTS/METHODS: We performed a 6‐month double‐blind, randomized, placebo‐controlled trial to examine the effect of whole soy (soy flour) or purified daidzein on BP and EF in prehypertensive or untreated hypertensive postmenopausal women verified to be equol producers. A total of 270 eligible women were recruited and randomized to either one of the three treatment groups, 40 g soy flour (whole soy group), 40 g low‐fat milk powder+63 mg daidzein (daidzein group) or 40 g low‐fat milk powder (active control group) daily, each given as a solid beverage powder for 6 months. The primary outcome measures were 24 h ambulatory BP (ABP) and EF assessed by flow‐mediated dilation using brachial artery ultrasound. RESULTS: A total of 253 subjects completed the study according to protocol. Urinary isoflavones indicated good compliance with the interventions. Intention to treat and per‐protocol analysis indicated that there was no significant difference in the 6‐month changes or % changes in parameters of ABP and brachial flow‐mediated dilation among the three treatment groups. A further subgroup analysis among hypertensive women (n=138) did not alter the conclusions. CONCLUSIONS: Whole soy and purified daidzein had no significant effect on BP and vascular function among equol‐producing postmenopausal women with prehypertension or untreated hypertension.
WHEY PROTEIN ISOLATE SUPPLEMENTATION IMPROVES BODY COMPOSITION, MUSCLE STRENGTH AND TREATMENT TOLERANCE IN MALNOURISHED ADVANCED CANCER PATIENTS UNDERGOING CHEMOTHERAPY$$$ Rationale: WP represents the soluble class of dairy proteins which are known immune‐enhancing constituents linked to a range of bioactive functions, such as prebiotic effects, promotion of tissue repair, maintenance of intestinal integrity, destruction of pathogens and elimination of toxins. WPs are rich in substrates for glutathione synthesis and could play a major role in cell protection against free radicals, ionizing radiation, reactive oxygen species and carcinogens. Furthermore, supplementation with WP may also induce more muscle protein synthesis than other protein sources, due to their higher anabolic potential. We evaluated the benefit of whey protein isolate (WPI) supplementation in addition to nutritional counseling in malnourished advanced cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy (CT). Methods: In a single‐center, randomized, pragmatic, parallel‐group controlled trial (ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT02065726$$$ February 2014–June 2018), 166 malnourished advanced cancer patients with mixed tumor entities candidate to or undergoing CT, were randomly assigned to receive nutritional counseling with (N = 82) or without (N = 84) WPI supplementation (20 grams/daily) for 3 months. Primary endpoint was the change in phase angle (PhA). Secondary endpoints included changes in standardized PhA (SPA), fat‐free mass index (FFMI), body weight, muscle strength, quality of life and CT toxicity (CTCAE 4.0 events). Results: In patients with the primary endpoint assessed (modified intention‐to‐treat population), counseling plus WPI (N = 66) resulted in improved PhA compared to nutritional counseling alone (N = 69): mean difference, 0.48° [95%CI, 0.05 to 0.90] (P = 0.027). Imputation of missing outcomes yielded consistent findings. WPI supplementation resulted also in improved SPA (P = 0.021), FFMI (P = 0.041), body weight (P = 0.023), muscle strength (P < 0.001) and in a reduced risk of CT toxicity (risk difference, −9.8% [95%CI, −16.9 to −2.6]$$$ P = 0.009), particularly of severe (grade ≥3) events (risk difference, −30.4% [95%CI, −44.4 to −16.5]$$$ P = 0.001). Conclusions: In malnourished advanced cancer patients undergoing CT and receiving nutritional counseling, a 3‐month supplementation with WPI resulted in improved body composition, muscle strength, body weight and reduced CT toxicity. Further trials, aimed at verifying the efficacy of this nutritional intervention on mid and long‐term primary clinical endpoints in newly diagnosed specific cancer types, are warranted.
Eating competence of elderly Spanish adults is associated with a healthy diet and a favorable cardiovascular disease risk profile$$$ Eating competence (EC), a bio‐psychosocial model for intrapersonal approaches to eating and food‐related behaviors, is associated with less weight dissatisfaction, lower BMI, and increased HDL‐cholesterol in small U.S. studies, but its relationship to nutrient quality and overall cardiovascular risk have not been examined. Prevención con Dieta Mediterránea (PREDIMED) is a 5‐y controlled clinical trial evaluating Mediterranean diet efficacy on the primary prevention of cardiovascular diseases (CVD) in Spain. In a cross‐sectional study, 638 PREDIMED participants (62% women, mean age 67 y) well phenotyped for cardiovascular risk factors were assessed for food intake and EC using validated questionnaires. Overall, 45.6% were eating‐competent. EC was associated with being male and energy intake (P < 0.01). After gender and energy adjustment, participants with EC compared with those without showed higher fruit intake and greater adherence to the Mediterranean diet (P < 0.05) and tended to consume more fish (P = 0.076) and fewer dairy products (P = 0.054). EC participants tended to have a lower BMI (P = 0.057) and had a lower fasting blood glucose concentration and serum LDL‐:HDL‐cholesterol ratio (P < 0.05) and a higher HDL‐cholesterol concentration (P = 0.025) after gender adjustment. EC participants had lower odds ratios (OR) of having a blood glucose concentration >5.6 mmol/L (0.71$$$ 95% CI 0.51‐0.98) and HDL‐cholesterol <1.0 mmol/L (0.70$$$ 95% CI 0.68‐1.00). The OR of actively smoking, being obese, or having a serum LDL‐cholesterol concentration > or =3.4 mmol/L were <1.0, but the 95% CI included the 1.0 (P > 0.1). Our findings support further examination of EC as a strategy for enhancing diet quality and CVD prevention.
An intervention study of the effects of calcium intake on faecal fat excretion, energy metabolism and adipose tissue mRNA expression of lipid-metabolism related proteins$$$ CONTEXT: In various observational studies, an inverse relation between calcium intake and body weight has been observed. A possible explanation could be an increased calcium excretion through the faeces caused by an increased dietary calcium intake. OBJECTIVE: To examine whether an increased calcium intake could lead to changes in faecal fat and energy excretion. DESIGN: Four different isocaloric diets with various calcium contents (400, 1200 and 2500 mg from dairy and 1200 mg from calcium carbonate (1200S)) were administered in a crossover design for 7 days each. SUBJECTS: Five healthy men and five healthy women (age=28+/‐2, body mass index=24.1+/‐0.4, body fat%=25.6+/‐2.4) were recruited by local announcement. MEASUREMENTS: At the end of every intervention period, faecal samples were collected for determination of fat, energy and calcium content, blood samples were obtained for determination of relevant blood parameters$$$ and fat samples were obtained for measurement of the mRNA expression. Furthermore, resting energy expenditure and fat oxidation were measured with the ventilated‐hood technique. RESULTS: We observed a non‐significant 56% increase in fat excretion (P=0.159) on the 2500 mg diet, compared to the 400 mg diet. The 2500 mg diet significantly reduced the expression of fatty acid synthase (FAS) mRNA (P<0.05) and the calcium content of the diets significantly affected calcium excretion. Furthermore, we saw a significant decrease of serum triglycerides on the 1200S diet (P<0.05). CONCLUSION: In this study, we observed a trend towards a higher fat excretion on the high‐calcium diet, but this difference failed to reach statistical significance. It is possible that the relatively high protein content of the experimental diets increased calcium absorption from the intestine, thus decreasing the amount of calcium available for binding to fat and eliminating possible effects of dietary calcium on fat excretion. Furthermore, we observed decreases in FAS mRNA expression and serum triglycerides as a result of a high calcium intake.
Randomised controlled trial of effect of whole soy replacement diet on features of metabolic syndrome in postmenopausal women: study protocol$$$ INTRODUCTION: Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a public health problem in postmenopausal women. Whole soy foods are rich in unsaturated fats, high quality plant protein and various bioactive phytochemicals that may have a beneficial role in the management of MetS. The aim of the study is to examine the effect of whole soy replacement diet on the features of MetS among postmenopausal women. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: This will be a 12‐month, randomised, single‐blind, parallel controlled trial among 208 postmenopausal women at risk of MetS or with early MetS. After 4 weeks' run‐in, subjects will be randomly allocated to one of two intervention groups, whole soy replacement group or control group, each for 12 months. Subjects in the whole soy group will be required to include four servings of whole soy foods (containing 25 g soy protein) into their daily diet iso‐calorically, replacing red or processed meat and high fat dairy products. Subjects in the control group will remain on a usual diet. The outcome measures will include metabolic parameters as well as a 10‐year risk for ischaemic cardiovascular disease. We hypothesise that the whole soy substitution diet will notably improve features of MetS in postmenopausal women at risk of MetS or with early MetS. The study will have both theoretical and practical significance. If proven effective, the application of the whole soy replacement diet model will be a safe, practical and economical strategy for MetS prevention and treatment. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: Ethics approval has been obtained from the Ethics Committee of the Chinese University of Hong Kong. The results will be disseminated via conference presentations and papers in academic peer reviewed journals. Data files will be deposited in an accessible repository. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NCT02610322.
Effect of dietary sodium intake on blood lipids: results from the DASH-sodium trial$$$ We evaluated the effect on serum lipids of sodium intake in 2 diets. Participants were randomly assigned to a typical American control diet or the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet, each prepared with 3 levels of sodium (targeted at 50, 100, and 150 mmol/d per 2100 kcal). The DASH diet is increased in fruits, vegetables, and low‐fat dairy products and is reduced in saturated and total fat. Within assigned diet, participants ate each sodium level for 30 days. The order of sodium intake was random. Participants were 390 adults, age 22 years or older, with blood pressure of 120 to 159 mm Hg systolic and 80 to 95 mm Hg diastolic. Serum lipids were measured at baseline and at the end of each sodium period. Within each diet, sodium intake did not significantly affect serum total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, or triglycerides. On the control diet, the ratio of total cholesterol‐to‐HDL cholesterol increased by 2% from 4.53 on higher sodium to 4.63 on lower sodium intake (P=0.04). On the DASH diet, sodium intake did not affect this ratio. There was no dose‐response of sodium intake on serum lipids or the cholesterol ratio in either diet. At each sodium level, total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, and HDL cholesterol were lower on the DASH diet versus the typical American diet. There were no significant interactions between the effects of sodium and the DASH diet on serum lipids. In conclusion, changes in dietary sodium intake over the range of 50 to 150 mmol/d did not affect blood lipid concentrations.
Relaxing music reduces blood pressure and heart rate among pre-hypertensive young adults: a randomized control trial$$$ Prevalence of pre‐hypertension is higher among young adults and may increase the risk for hypertension and cardiovascular morbidity. Music therapy has been investigated to reduce the blood pressure in the hypertensive population$$$ however, its efficacy on blood pressure in pre‐hypertensive young adults is not known. Thirty pre‐hypertensive (systolic blood pressure [SBP] = 120‐139 mmHg and diastolic blood pressure [DBP] = 80‐89 mmHg) young adults were recruited and randomly assigned into two groups. Music group (N = 15) received music therapy by passive listening to music for 30 minutes/day, 5 days/week for 4 weeks, along with Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) eating plan (a diet rich in fruits and vegetables, low‐fat dairy or unsaturated fat) and limit the daily sodium intake less than 100 mmol/day. The control group (N = 15) practiced only DASH eating plan and sodium restriction. The SBP, DBP, and heart rate (HR) were measured before and after 4 weeks of intervention. There was a significant reduction in SBP (8.73 mmHg, p < .001) and HR (6.42 beats/minute, p = .002)$$$ however, the reduction in DBP (1.44 mmHg, p = .101) was not statistically significant in the music group. Control group did not exhibit any significant reduction in SBP (0.21 mmHg, p < .836), DBP (0.81 mmHg, p < .395) and HR (0.09 beats/minute, p < .935). In conclusion, music therapy reduced significantly SBP and HR suggesting that it could be a promising tool to prevent the progression of pre‐hypertension toward hypertension among young adults.
Effects of Different Dietary Interventions on Calcitriol, Parathyroid Hormone, Calcium, and Phosphorus: results from the DASH Trial$$$ The "Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension" (DASH) diet, rich in fiber and low‐fat dairy, effectively lowers blood pressure. DASH's effect on calcitriol and other markers of bone‐mineral metabolism is unknown. This secondary analysis of the DASH trial aimed to determine the effect of dietary patterns on blood concentrations of calcitriol, parathyroid hormone (PTH), ionized calcium, and urinary excretion of calcium and phosphorus. Outcomes were available in 334 participants in the trial. After a 3‐week run‐in on the control diet, participants were randomized to control, fruits and vegetables (F&V), or DASH diets. Outcomes were assessed at the end of run‐in, and during the last week of the intervention period. Mean age of participants was 45.7 ± 10.7 years, 46% female, and 57% African‐American. Mean ± Standard Deviation(SD) baseline serum concentrations of calcitriol, PTH, and ionized calcium were 37.8 ± 9.2 pg/mL, 46.1 ± 18.5 pg/mL and 5.2 ± 0.23 mg/dL, respectively. Mean (±SD) urinary calcium and phosphorus excretions were 150.1 ± 77.8 and 708.0 ± 251.8 mg/24 h, respectively. Compared with control, DASH reduced calcitriol ‐3.32 pg/mL (p = 0.004). Otherwise, there was no significant effect on other biomarkers. DASH lowered serum calcitriol perhaps more among African‐Americans. These results raise important questions about the interpretation and clinical significance of low calcitriol concentrations in the setting of recommended diets.
The effects of the dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH) diet on oxidative stress and clinical indices of migraine patients: a randomized controlled trial$$$ Aims: The relationship between the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet and oxidative stress (OS) in patients diagnosed with migraine is unknown and remains to be examined. Hence, we conducted a parallel‐group, randomized controlled trial to investigate this issue. Methods: Of the 102 women who met all the inclusion criteria, 51 individuals were randomized to the DASH diet group and 51 to the usual dietary advice group to receive allocated intervention for three months. In order to assess the compliance of participants to the DASH diet, dietary records, and serum vitamin C levels were examined. Parameters of OS status (e.g. nitric oxide (NO), total antioxidant capacity (TAC), total oxidative status (TOS), malondialdehyde (MDA), and oxidative stress index (OSI)) and clinical indices of migraine (e.g. migraine index (MI), headache dairy result (HDR), and migraine headache index score (MHIS)) were assessed at the beginning and the end of the study. Results: There was a significant reduction in NO (–5.75 vs. + 4.18, P = 0.025) and TOS (–1.55 vs. + 0.71, P = 0.034), and a marginally significant reduction in OSI (‐0.10 vs. + 0.14, P = 0.060) in the DASH group compared with the control. Compliance with the DASH diet resulted in a significant decrease in the score of MI (–31.33 vs.–15.09), HDR (–5.04 vs. –2.51), and MHIS (–44.21 vs. –26.74). Moreover, no significant change was observed in TAC, MDA, and total thiol content. Conclusion: This type of dietary approach can be considered as a complementary treatment for migraine patients, also further investigations are needed to replicate our findings. Trial registration:Iranian Registry of Clinical Trials identifier: IRCT20121216011763N38.
Role of sodium-restricted dietary approaches to control blood pressure in Pakistani hypertensive population$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess the change in systolic and diastolic blood pressure in post‐interventional phase through dietary approaches to stop hypertension/salt‐restricted diet. METHODS: This randomised controlled clinical study was conducted from February 2014 to March 2015 at the Armed Forces Institute of Cardiology, Rawalpindi, and Ali Medical Centre, Islamabad, Pakistan, and involved hypertensive patients and matching controls. The control group followed routine diet while the intervention group was given a diet plan containing 1,500mg of sodium providing 2,000 calories. Both groups were advised not to consume sodium‐rich foods. Paired sample t‐test was applied to determine the change in blood pressure among the groups at two different occasions. RESULTS: Of the 1,492 participants, 710(47.6%) were controls and 782(52.4%) were in the interventional group. Overall, 417(27.9%) participants got their blood pressure checked less than twice in six months, while 409(27.4%) had it done on a regular basis. Moreover, 941(63.1%)) subjects had a family history of high blood pressure and 149(10.0%) participants did not exercise at all. The overall mean age was 53.42±9.302 years. Mean systolic blood pressure and diastolic blood pressure after five weeks was 126.33±3.35 and 84.40±3.04mmHg in the intervention group, and128.41±3.52 and 84.04±2.953mmHg in the control group. Changes in blood pressure between the two groups were minimal but statistically significant (p<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: A diet which is restricted in salt, rich in fruits, vegetables, and low‐fat dairy foods and reduced saturated and total fat can substantially lower blood pressure. Such a diet offers an additional nutritional approach to the prevention and treatment of hypertension.
Angiotensinogen genotype and blood pressure response in the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) study$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine the relationship between angiotensinogen (ANG) genotype and blood pressure response to the dietary patterns of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) trial. The angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) gene was also tested. DESIGN: The DASH trial was a randomized outpatient feeding study comparing the effects on blood pressure (BP) of three dietary patterns: a control diet, similar to typical American intake$$$ a 'fruits and vegetables' diet (F/V) that is rich in fruits and vegetables but otherwise resembles the control diet$$$ and the DASH diet that is reduced in fats and that emphasizes fruits, vegetables and low‐fat dairy products. Participants' genotype was also determined. SETTING: Four clinical sites. PARTICIPANTS: Adults with above‐optimal BP or stage 1 hypertension. INTERVENTION: Participants ate one of the three dietary patterns for 8 weeks. Sodium intake and weight were held constant. In 355 of 459 DASH participants, DNA was extracted from leukocytes and genotyped for the G‐6A ANG polymorphism and the D/I ACE polymorphism, by the polymerase chain reaction. MAIN OUTCOMES: Genotype at ANG and ACE loci$$$ BP after 8 weeks of intervention diet. RESULTS: There was no association between ACE genotype and BP response. Associations with ANG polymorphism were significant: net systolic and diastolic BP response to the DASH diet was greatest in individuals with the AA genotype (‐6.93/‐3.68 mmHg) and least in those with the GG genotype (‐2.80/0.20 mmHg). A similar relationship existed for the F/V diet. CONCLUSIONS: ANG genotype is associated with BP response to the DASH diet. The AA genotype confers excess risk of hypertension and is associated with increased responsiveness to diet.
Favorable Outcomes Using an eHealth Approach to Promote Physical Activity and Nutrition Among Young African American Women$$$ BACKGROUND: Internet and mobile devices are widely used and provide alternative approaches for promoting healthy lifestyles, yet less information is available describing outcomes of these approaches when used with young African American (AA) women at risk for developing hypertension. OBJECTIVE: In this study, we evaluated a Web‐based, culturally relevant lifestyle change intervention targeting AA women (referred to as the eHealth study). METHODS: African American women, aged 18 to 45 years, with untreated prehypertension and Internet access were eligible for a 12‐week study that incorporated social cognitive theory strategies. Participants were randomized to (1) lifestyle physical activity (PA) or (2) Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) online education modules. RESULTS: The 14 DASH and 12 PA participant attributes were similar at baseline. The DASH participants had a significant change in total DASH score (P = .001) and large effect sizes for DASH components (vegetables, 0.84$$$ nonfat dairy, 0.71$$$ fruit, 0.62). The PA participants had a favorable change (+39%) in pedometer steps (P = .055). With respect to weight change, a large effect size was observed for PA (0.84) and smaller for DASH participants (0.18). Seventy‐one percent of DASH and 48% of PA participants completed program activities, corresponding to a moderate difference in program engagement between groups (d = 0.58). CONCLUSION: Our eHealth platform provides an alternative approach for reaching young AA women and was successful with respect to improving PA and dietary behaviors. Furthermore, the eHealth approach has the potential as a powerful program for changing health behaviors for other at‐risk populations.
Serum metabolomic profile of the dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH) dietary pattern$$$ Introduction: The DASH dietary pattern emphasizes vegetables, fruits, and low‐fat dairy products and is associated with improved cardiometabolic outcomes. No biomarkers exist for assessing adherence to this dietary pattern. The objective of the study was to use metabolomics to identify serum compounds associated with the DASH diet. Methods: We conducted untargeted metabolomic profiling in stored serum specimens collected from participants at the end of an 8‐week multi‐center, randomized, controlled feeding study (N=218) comparing the DASH diet to a diet typical of intake in the U.S. (control). Multivariable linear regression was used to compare the association of individual log‐transformed metabolites between the two diets after adjusting for age, sex, race, education, body mass index, and hypertension. Partial least squares‐discriminant analysis was used to identify a composite of compounds that discriminate between the DASH and control diets. The area under the curve was calculated as the cumulative ability to distinguish between diets. Results: Serum levels of 97 known metabolites were significantly different among participants randomized to the DASH diet compared to the control diet at the Bonferroni threshold (p<6.11x10‐5$$$ Figure). The majority of these 97 metabolites were lipids (n=64$$$ 66.0%), followed by amino acids (n=15), xenobiotics including food components (n=10), cofactors and vitamins (n=6), carbohydrate (n=1), and nucleotide (n=1). The ten most influential metabolites for discriminating between the DASH and control diets were: N‐methylproline, stachydrine, tryptophan betaine, theobromine, 7‐methylurate, chiro‐inositol, 3‐methylxanthine, methyl glucopyranoside, β‐cryptoxanthin, and 7‐methylxanthine (C statistic=0.986). Conclusion: An untargeted metabolomic platform identified a broad array of serum metabolites that differed between the DASH and control dietary patterns. The composite of top ten metabolites may be used to assess adherence to the DASH dietary pattern.
The effects of dietary patterns on quality of life: a substudy of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension trial$$$ Few studies have examined the effects of dietary changes, particularly modifications of whole dietary patterns, on quality of life. The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) trial compared the effects of 3 dietary patterns on blood pressure. In this substudy, we examined the effect of these diets on health‐related quality of life. All DASH participants ate a control diet for 3 weeks and then were randomly assigned to continue the control diet, to a fruits and vegetables diet or to a combination diet for 8 weeks. The combination diet emphasized fruits, vegetables, and low‐fat dairy products. It included whole grains, poultry, fish, and nuts, and was reduced in fats, red meat, sweets, and sugar‐containing beverages. The control diet was similar to typical American intake$$$ the fruits and vegetables diet was rich in fruits and vegetables but was otherwise similar to the control diet. Both the fruits and vegetables diet (P < .001) and the combination diet (P < .001) significantly lowered blood pressure. At the Duke University Medical Center, Durham, NC, site, participants completed the Medical Outcomes Study Short Form‐36 questionnaire to assess their health‐related quality of life at baseline and at the end of the dietary intervention. Eighty‐three participants completed the questionnaires at both time points. In general, health‐related quality of life improved in all treatment groups except for the control group in perceptions of change in health, which diminished. In the combination diet group all the subscales were improved or unchanged compared with baseline values. However, only the change in health score improved significantly (P < .05) as compared with that of the control diet group. When all the subscales were summed into a total score, the control diet was associated with mean improvement of 4.0%, the fruits and vegetables diet with 5.0%, and the combination diet with 5.9% from baseline. These data suggest that the fruits and vegetables diet and particularly the combination diet cannot only lower blood pressure, but may also improve the perception of health‐related quality of life.
Modification of intracellular calcium and plasma renin by dietary calcium in men$$$ A double blind, placebo‐controlled, parallel study was conducted on the effect of a high daily oral calcium supplementation of 1 g elemental calcium, given twice daily for 16 weeks in normal male subjects, on plasma renin, aldosterone, kallikrein, cGMP, cAMP, and calciotropic hormones, intracellular calcium concentrations, and plasma total and ionized calcium. After a 1‐month run‐in period on a limited use of dairy products, the subjects (n = 32) were allocated to a placebo or a calcium group. Placebo or 1 g elemental calcium was administered twice daily in the morning and evening for 16 weeks. All subjects were investigated at baseline and after 1, 2, 4, 8, and 16 weeks of placebo or calcium administration. A decreased intraerythrocyte and intraplatelet Ca2+ concentration was observed in the calcium‐treated subjects. Compared with the placebo group, an increase in the plasma renin activity (PRA) in the calcium group was observed after 4, 8, and 16 weeks of oral calcium administration. However, plasma aldosterone and urinary excretion of aldosterone, kallikrein, cGMP, and cAMP were not changed during calcium administration. Oral calcium supplementation in these men was also accompanied by a reduction in the plasma concentration of intact parathyroid hormone and 1,25‐dihydroxyvitamin D3, and an increase in 24‐h urinary calcium excretion, but no change in the plasma total Ca2+ concentration, serum ionized Ca2+ level, and plasma phosphate or 25‐hydroxyvitamin D3. Our data show that the increase in PRA observed in men during oral calcium supplementation is accompanied by a reduction in the intracellular free and total Ca2+ concentration in platelets and erythrocytes and by a decrease in the plasma concentration of intact parathormone and 1,25‐dihydroxyvitamin D3.
The dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH) clinical trial: implications for lifestyle modifications in the treatment of hypertensive patients$$$ Lifestyle modifications, such as weight loss, sodium restriction, and limiting alcohol consumption, are important components of the initial treatment of hypertensive patients. The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) study investigated the effects of dietary patterns on blood pressure in individuals with diastolic blood pressure between 80‐95 mmHg. Two different dietary patterns were tested in this feeding study. A diet enriched in fruits and vegetables and a diet enriched in fruits, vegetables, and low‐fat dairy products and low in total and saturated fat (combination diet) were compared with a control diet. Dietary intake was adjusted so that participants did not lose weight, and all study diets had comparable sodium intake (approximately 3 grams/day). All meals were provided for 459 participants for an 11‐week period. Those randomized to the combination diet (n = 151) had a significant change in systolic (‐5.5 mmHg$$$ p < 0.001) and diastolic blood pressure (‐3.0 mmHg$$$ p < 0.001) after subtracting the response to the control diet (n = 154). The fruits‐and‐vegetables diet (n = 154) produced a significant but lesser decrease in blood pressure (systolic, ‐2.8 mmHg$$$ p < 0.001 and diastolic, ‐1.1 mmHg$$$ p = 0.07). Hypertensive individuals and African Americans had particularly favorable responses with blood pressure reductions, which were significantly greater than other subgroups. The combination diet was well‐accepted and adherence to the diet was high (>90%) for all participants. The DASH combination diet is an effective lifestyle modification for lowering blood pressure in patients with high‐normal or Stage 1 hypertension.
A further subgroup analysis of the effects of the DASH diet and three dietary sodium levels on blood pressure: results of the DASH-Sodium Trial$$$ This study presents an extensive analysis of the effects on blood pressure (BP) of changes in sodium intake over a wide array of subgroups, including joint subgroups defined by age and hypertension status, race or ethnicity and hypertension status, and gender and race or ethnicity. Participants were given 3 levels of sodium (50, 100, and 150 mmol/2,100 kcal) for 30 days while consuming the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet (rich in fruits, vegetables, and low‐fat dairy) or a more typical American diet. Within each diet and subgroup, there was a general pattern such that the lower the sodium level, the greater the mean reduction in BP. Sodium reduction from 100 to 50 mmol/2,100 kcal generally had twice the effect on BP as reduction from 150 to 100 mmol/2,100 kcal. Age had a strong and graded influence on the effect of sodium within the typical and DASH diets, respectively: ‐4.8 and ‐1.0 mm Hg systolic for 23 to 41 years, ‐5.9 and ‐1.8 mm Hg for 42 to 47 years, ‐7.5 and ‐4.3 mm Hg for 48 to 54 years, and ‐8.1 and ‐6.0 mm Hg for 55 to 76 years. The influence of age on the effect of sodium reduction was particularly strong in nonhypertensive patients: ‐3.7 mm Hg systolic for <45 years and ‐7.0 mm Hg for >45 years with the typical diet and ‐0.7 and ‐2.8 mm Hg with the DASH diet. Reduced sodium intake and the DASH diet should be advocated for the prevention and treatment of high BP, particularly because the benefits to BP strengthen as subjects enter middle age, when the rate of cardiovascular disease increases sharply.
Effects of comprehensive lifestyle modification on diet, weight, physical fitness, and blood pressure control: 18-month results of a randomized trial$$$ BACKGROUND: The main 6‐month results from the PREMIER trial showed that comprehensive behavioral intervention programs improve lifestyle behaviors and lower blood pressure. OBJECTIVE: To compare the 18‐month effects of 2 multicomponent behavioral interventions versus advice only on hypertension status, lifestyle changes, and blood pressure. DESIGN: Multicenter, 3‐arm, randomized trial conducted from January 2000 through November 2002. SETTING: 4 clinical centers and a coordinating center. PATIENTS: 810 adult volunteers with prehypertension or stage 1 hypertension (systolic blood pressure, 120 to 159 mm Hg$$$ diastolic blood pressure, 80 to 95 mm Hg). Interventions: A multicomponent behavioral intervention that implemented long‐established recommendations ("established")$$$ a multicomponent behavioral intervention that implemented the established recommendations plus the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet ("established plus DASH")$$$ and advice only. MEASUREMENTS: Lifestyle variables and blood pressure status. Follow‐up for blood pressure measurement at 18 months was 94%. RESULTS: Compared with advice only, both behavioral interventions statistically significantly reduced weight, fat intake, and sodium intake. The established plus DASH intervention also statistically significantly increased fruit, vegetable, dairy, fiber, and mineral intakes. Relative to the advice only group, the odds ratios for hypertension at 18 months were 0.83 (95% CI, 0.67 to 1.04) for the established group and 0.77 (CI, 0.62 to 0.97) for the established plus DASH group. Although reductions in absolute blood pressure at 18 months were greater for participants in the established and the established plus DASH groups than for the advice only group, the differences were not statistically significant. LIMITATIONS: The exclusion criteria and the volunteer nature of this cohort may limit generalizability. Although blood pressure is a well‐accepted risk factor for cardiovascular disease, the authors were not able to assess intervention effects on clinical cardiovascular events in this limited time and with this sample size. CONCLUSIONS: Over 18 months, persons with prehypertension and stage 1 hypertension can sustain multiple lifestyle modifications that improve control of blood pressure and could reduce the risk for chronic disease.
The DASH diet enhances the blood pressure response to losartan in hypertensive patients$$$ BACKGROUND: The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet, which emphasizes fruits, vegetables, and low fat dairy products, significantly lowers blood pressure (BP). We conducted a clinical trial to assess the BP response to the DASH diet with an antihypertensive medication, losartan, in participants with essential hypertension. METHODS: A total of 55 hypertensive participants were randomly assigned to 8 weeks of controlled feeding with either a control diet or the DASH diet. Within each diet arm, participants received losartan 50 mg daily or placebo for 4 weeks each, in double blind, randomized, cross‐over fashion. Twenty‐four‐hour ambulatory BP (ABP) was measured at the end of a 2‐week run‐in period (baseline) and after each 4‐week intervention period. RESULTS: There was no significant change in ABP during the placebo period on the control diet (n = 28) (‐2.3 +/‐ 1.5/‐1.6 +/‐ 1.0 mm Hg), but there was a significant reduction in systolic ABP (‐5.3 +/‐ 1.5 mm Hg, P <.05) and no change in DBP (‐2.5 +/‐ 1.0 mm Hg) on the DASH diet (n = 27). Losartan significantly reduced ABP on the control diet (‐6.7 +/‐ 1.5/‐3.7 +/‐ 1.0 mm Hg, P <.05) and to a greater extent on the DASH diet (‐11.7 +/‐ 1.5/‐6.9 +/‐ 1.0 mm Hg, P <.05 versus basal and control diet) particularly in African Americans. On the DASH diet, DeltaSBP on losartan was inversely related to basal plasma renin activity (n = ‐0.53, P =.004). CONCLUSIONS: The DASH diet enhances the ABP response to losartan in essential hypertension. This effect is particularly marked in African Americans.
Effects of Potassium Magnesium Citrate Supplementation on 24-Hour Ambulatory Blood Pressure and Oxidative Stress Marker in Prehypertensive and Hypertensive Subjects$$$ Diet rich in fruits, vegetables, and dairy products, known as the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet, is known to reduce blood pressure (BP) in hypertensive patients. More recently, the DASH diet was shown to reduce oxidative stress in hypertensive and nonhypertensive humans. However, the main nutritional components responsible for these beneficial effects of the DASH diet remain unknown. Because the DASH diet is rich in potassium (K), magnesium (Mg), and alkali, we performed a randomized, double‐blinded, placebo‐controlled study to compare effects of potassium magnesium citrate (KMgCit), potassium chloride (KCl), and potassium citrate (KCit) to allow dissociation of the three components of K, Mg, and citrate on 24‐hour ambulatory BP and urinary 8‐isoprostane in hypertensive and prehypertensive subjects, using a randomized crossover design. We found that KCl supplementation for 4 weeks induced a significant reduction in nighttime SBP compared with placebo (116 ± 12 vs 121 ± 15 mm Hg, respectively, p <0.01 vs placebo), whereas KMgCit and KCit had no significant effect in the same subjects (118 ± 11 and 119 ± 13 mm Hg, respectively, p >0.1 vs placebo). In contrast, urinary 8‐isoprostane was significantly reduced with KMgCit powder compared with placebo (13.5 ± 5.7 vs 21.1 ± 10.5 ng/mgCr, respectively, p <0.001), whereas KCl and KCit had no effect (21.4 ± 9.1 and 18.3 ± 8.4, respectively, p >0.1 vs placebo). In conclusion, our study demonstrated differential effects of KCl and KMgCit supplementation on BP and the oxidative stress marker in prehypertensive and hypertensive subjects. Clinical significance of the antioxidative effect of KMgCit remains to be determined in future studies.
PRAdA intervention: effects on weight of dietary intervention among treated hypertensive Portuguese natives and African immigrants$$$ INTRODUCTION: Blood pressure is significantly improved with weight loss. Behavioral interventions for weight loss seem to be less successful in African immigrants. Our main aims were to assess the effect of a dietary and lifestyle intervention on weight among hypertensive Portuguese natives and immigrants and to identify success factors for weight loss, and also to evaluate changes in knowledge and compliance with food recommendations. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Hypertensive medicated patients followed in primary care setting were randomly enrolled in a two phase study, observational (15‐months) and behavioral intervention (six months). Participants were divided in two groups: immigrants from African Countries of Portuguese Official Language and Portuguese natives. Participants were given dietary and life styles recommendations in individual face‐to‐face and telephone sessions. RESULTS: Of 110 participants with a mean BMI of 31.6 ± 3.7 Kg/m(2), 60 were immigrants. The number of dietary recommendations known and followed at the end was significantly greater than at baseline$$$ however natives performed a greater number of recommendations. Weight loss during intervention was in average 1.4 ± 2.7% in natives and 0.8 ± 3.6% in immigrants and was greater than in the observational period. Being male and consuming more than 2 servings of low‐fat dairy products/day was associated with higher weight loss, independently of age and ethnicity. DISCUSSION: In general the proposed intervention was efficacious especially in Portuguese natives, confirming other studies. CONCLUSION: The intervention increased knowledge and adherence to recommendations, highlighting the relevance of nutrition education, culturally adapted in primary care.
Effects of a DASH-like diet containing lean beef on vascular health$$$ A DASH (dietary approaches to stop hypertension) dietary pattern rich in fruits and vegetables and low‐fat dairy products with increased dietary protein provided primarily from plant protein sources decreases blood pressure. No studies, however, have evaluated the effects of a DASH‐like diet with increased dietary protein from lean beef on blood pressure and vascular health. The aim of this study was to study the effect of DASH‐like diets that provided different amounts of protein from lean beef (DASH 28 g beef per day$$$ beef in an optimal lean diet (BOLD) 113 g beef per day$$$ beef in an optimal lean diet plus additional protein (BOLD+) 153 g beef per day) on blood pressure, endothelial function and vascular reactivity versus a healthy American diet (HAD). Using a randomized, crossover study design, 36 normotensive participants (systolic blood pressure (SBP), 116 ± 3.6 mm Hg) were fed four isocaloric diets,: HAD (33% total fat, 12% saturated fatty acids (SFA), 17% protein (PRO), 20 g beef per day), DASH (27% total fat, 6% SFA, 18% PRO, 28 g beef per day), BOLD (28% total fat, 6% SFA, 19% PRO, 113 g beef per day) and BOLD+ (28% total fat, 6% SFA, 27% PRO, 153 g beef per day), for 5 weeks. SBP decreased (P<0.05) in subjects on the BOLD+ diet (111.4 ± 1.9 mm Hg) versus HAD (115.7 ± 1.9). There were no significant effects of the DASH and BOLD diets on SBP. Augmentation index (AI) was significantly reduced in participants on the BOLD diet (‐4.1%). There were no significant effects of the dietary treatments on diastolic blood pressure or endothelial function (as measured by peripheral arterial tonometry). A moderate protein DASH‐like diet including lean beef decreased SBP in normotensive individuals. The inclusion of lean beef in a heart healthy diet also reduced peripheral vascular constriction.
Red wine polyphenols do not lower peripheral or central blood pressure in high normal blood pressure and hypertension$$$ BACKGROUND: Epidemiological data suggest that modest red wine consumption may reduce cardiovascular disease risk. Red wine polyphenols improved human endothelial vascular function and reduced blood pressure (BP) in animal studies, but the results of human intervention studies investigating the effect of red wine polyphenols on BP are inconsistent. The objective was to investigate whether polyphenols extracted from red wine reduce peripheral and central BP in subjects with high‐normal BP or grade 1 hypertension. METHODS: In a double‐blind, placebo‐controlled three‐period crossover trial, we assigned 61 subjects (mean age 61.4 ± 8.4 years) with office systolic BP 135 ± 9 mm Hg and diastolic BP 82 ± 8 mm Hg to dairy drinks containing either placebo, 280 mg red wine polyphenols, or 560 mg red wine polyphenols. After each 4‐week intervention period, office and 24‐h ambulatory BP measurements, and central hemodynamic measurements derived from continuous finger BP recordings were assessed. RESULTS: Polyphenol treatment did not significantly affect 24‐h BP: systolic/diastolic BP was 143 ± 2/84 ± 1 mm Hg after placebo, 143 ± 2/84 ± 1 mm Hg after 280 mg/day of red wine polyphenols, and 142 ± 2/83 ± 1 mm Hg after 560 mg/day. Neither dose of polyphenol treatment changed office or central BP, aortic augmentation index (AIx) or pulse wave reflection index. CONCLUSIONS: Intake of red wine polyphenols in two different dosages for 4 weeks did not decrease peripheral or central BP in subjects with a high normal or grade 1 hypertension. Our findings do not support the hypothesis that polyphenols account for the suggested cardiovascular benefits of red wine consumption by lowering BP.
The effect of dietary patterns on blood pressure control in hypertensive patients: results from the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) trial$$$ To determine the impact of dietary patterns on the control of hypertension we studied the subgroup of 133 participants with systolic blood pressure (BP) of 140 to 159 mm Hg and/or diastolic BP of 90 to 95 mm Hg enrolled in the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) study. Participants were fed a control diet for a 3‐week period and were then randomized to receive for 8 weeks either the control diet$$$ a diet rich in fruits and vegetables, but otherwise similar to control$$$ or a combination diet rich in fruits, vegetables, and low‐fat dairy products, including whole grains, fish, poultry, and nuts, and reduced in fats, red meats, sweets, and sugar‐containing beverages. Sodium intake and body weight were held constant throughout the study. The combination diet significantly reduced systolic BP (‐11.4 mm Hg, P < .001) and diastolic BP (‐5.5 mm Hg, P < .001). The fruits‐and‐vegetables diet also significantly reduced systolic BP (‐7.2 mm Hg, P < .001) and diastolic BP (‐2.8 mm Hg, P = .013). The combination diet produced significantly greater BP effects (P < .05) than the fruits‐and‐vegetables diet. Blood pressure changes were evident within 2 weeks of starting the intervention feeding. After the 8‐week intervention period, 70% of participants eating the combination diet had a normal BP (systolic BP < 140 and diastolic BP < 90 mm Hg) compared with 45% on the fruits‐and‐vegetables diet and 23% on the control diet. In patients with hypertension, the DASH combination diet effectively lowers BP and may be useful in achieving control of Stage 1 hypertension.
Beneficial effects of a Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension eating plan on features of the metabolic syndrome$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine the effects of a Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) eating plan on metabolic risks in patients with the metabolic syndrome. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This was a randomized controlled outpatient trial conducted on 116 patients with the metabolic syndrome. Three diets were prescribed for 6 months: a control diet, a weight‐reducing diet emphasizing healthy food choices, and the DASH diet with reduced calories and increased consumption of fruit, vegetables, low‐fat dairy, and whole grains and lower in saturated fat, total fat, and cholesterol and restricted to 2,400 mg Na. The main outcome measures were the components of the metabolic syndrome. RESULTS: Relative to the control diet, the DASH diet resulted in higher HDL cholesterol (7 and 10 mg/dl), lower triglycerides (‐18 and ‐14 mg/dl), systolic blood pressure (SBP) (‐12 and ‐11 mmHg), diastolic blood pressure (‐6 and ‐7 mmHg), weight (‐16 and ‐14 kg), fasting blood glucose (FBG) (‐15 and ‐8 mg/dl), and weight (‐16 and ‐15 kg), among men and women, respectively (all P < 0.001). The net reduction in triglycerides (‐17 and ‐18 mg/dl), SBP (‐11 and ‐11 mmHg), diastolic blood pressure (‐5 and ‐6 mmHg), and FBG (‐4 and ‐6 mg/dl), weight (‐16 and ‐15 kg), and increase in HDL (5 and 10 mg/dl) among men and women, respectively, was higher in the DASH group (all P < 0.05). The weight‐reducing diet resulted in significant change in triglycerides (‐13 and ‐10 mg/dl), SBP (‐6 and ‐6 mmHg), and weight (‐13 and ‐12 kg) among men and women, respectively (all P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: The DASH diet can likely reduce most of the metabolic risks in both men and women$$$ the related mechanisms need further study.
The effects of dietary patterns on urinary albumin excretion: results of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) Trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Dietary studies designed to decrease the urinary albumin excretion rate (AER) typically reduce protein by increasing lower protein plant foods and decreasing higher protein animal products. STUDY DESIGN: We evaluated AER while increasing protein intake in the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) Trial (randomized, parallel group, 8 week controlled feeding). SETTING & PARTICIPANTS: 378 individuals without diabetes with prehypertension or stage I hypertension. INTERVENTION: The DASH diet, 18% energy from protein, emphasizes, among other features, low‐fat dairy products$$$ and the fruit/vegetable (FV) and control diets, each with 15% energy from protein. OUTCOME: AER. MEASUREMENTS: We measured AER by using immunoassay and covariates at baseline and after 8 weeks. RESULTS: Baseline AER had a geometric mean value of 4.0 +/‐ 0.2 (SE) mg/24 h. In 285 participants with baseline AER less than 7 mg/24 h, AER was unchanged by diet treatment (geometric mean, 2.5 +/‐ 0.2 mg/24 h in the control diet, 3.0 +/‐ 0.2 mg/24 h in the FV diet, and 2.8 +/‐ 0.2 mg/24 h in the DASH diet). Conversely, in 93 participants with baseline AER of 7 mg/24 h or greater, end‐of‐feeding AER was lower in the FV diet (6.6 +/‐ 1.0 mg/24 h) than in the control (11.4 +/‐ 1.8 mg/24 h$$$ P = 0.01) or DASH diets (11.7 +/‐ 1.6 mg/24 h$$$ P = 0.005). The DASH and control diets were not different (P = 0.9). LIMITATIONS: Long‐term AER change not studied. CONCLUSIONS: The decrease in AER after 8 weeks occurred in only those with high‐normal baseline AER in the FV diet, in a pattern distinct from the blood pressure decrease. The DASH diet did not increase AER despite a 3% increase in energy from protein.
Effects of dietary patterns on blood pressure: subgroup analysis of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) randomized clinical trial$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine the effects of dietary patterns on blood pressure in subgroups. METHODS: Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) was a randomized controlled feeding study conducted at 4 academic medical centers. Participants were 459 adults with untreated systolic blood pressure less than 160 mm Hg and diastolic blood pressure 80 to 95 mm Hg. For 3 weeks, participants were fed a "control" diet. They were then randomized to 8 weeks of (1) control diet$$$ (2) a diet rich in fruits and vegetables$$$ or (3) a combination diet rich in fruits, vegetables, and low‐fat dairy foods, and reduced in saturated fat, total fat, and cholesterol (the DASH combination diet). Weight and salt intake were held constant. Change in diastolic blood pressure was the primary outcome variable, and systolic blood pressure a secondary outcome. Subgroups analyzed included race, sex, age, body mass index, years of education, income, physical activity, alcohol intake, and hypertension status. RESULTS: The combination diet significantly lowered systolic blood pressure in all subgroups (P<.008), and significantly lowered diastolic blood pressure (P<.01) in all but 2 subgroups. The fruits‐and‐vegetables diet also reduced blood pressure in the same subgroups, but to a lesser extent. The combination diet lowered systolic blood pressure significantly more in African Americans (6.8 mm Hg) than in whites (3.0 mm Hg), and in hypertensive subjects (11.4 mm Hg) than in nonhypertensive subjects (3.4 mm Hg) (P<.05 for both interactions). CONCLUSIONS: The DASH combination diet, without sodium reduction or weight loss, significantly lowered blood pressure in virtually all subgroups examined, and was particularly effective in African Americans and those with hypertension. The DASH combination diet may be an effective strategy for preventing and treating hypertension in a broad cross section of the population, including segments of the population at highest risk for blood pressure‐related cardiovascular disease.
A dietary approach to prevent hypertension: a review of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) Study$$$ BACKGROUND: Populations eating mainly vegetarian diets have lower blood pressure levels than those eating omnivorous diets. Epidemiologic findings suggest that eating fruits and vegetables lowers blood pressure. HYPOTHESIS: Two hypotheses were tested: (1) that high intake of fruits and vegetables lowers blood pressure, and (2) that an overall dietary pattern (known as the DASH diet, or DASH combination diet) that is high in fruits, vegetables, nuts, and low‐fat dairy products, emphasizes fish and chicken rather than red meat, and is low in saturated fat, cholesterol, sugar, and refined carbohydrate lowers blood pressure. METHODS: Participants were 459 adults with untreated systolic blood pressure < 160 mmHg and diastolic blood pressure 80‐95 mmHg. After a 3‐week run‐in on a control diet typical of Americans, they were randomized to 8 weeks receiving either the control diet, or a diet rich in fruits and vegetables, or the DASH diet. The participants were given all of their foods to eat, and body weight and sodium intake were held constant. Blood pressure was measured at the clinic and by 24‐h ambulatory monitoring. RESULTS: The DASH diet lowered systolic blood pressure significantly in the total group by 5.5/3.0 mmHg, in African Americans by 6.9/3.7 mmHg, in Caucasians by 3.3/2.4 mmHg, in hypertensives by 11.6/5.3 mmHg, and in nonhypertensives by 3.5/2.2 mmHg. The fruits and vegetables diet also reduced blood pressure in the same subgroups, but to a lesser extent. The DASH diet lowered blood pressure similarly throughout the day and night. CONCLUSIONS: The DASH diet may offer an alternative to drug therapy in hypertensives and, as a population approach, may prevent hypertension, particularly in African Americans.
Does an antihypertensive diet cost more? Analysis from the Chinese Heart-Healthy diet trial$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine whether the Chinese heart‐healthy diet (Sichuan cuisine version) (CHH diet‐SC) was more expensive than the conventional Sichuan diet and explore the food groups and nutrients that mainly affected the cost of CHH diet‐SC. DESIGN: Cost analysis of 4‐week intervention diets in the Sichuan center representing southwestern China in the CHH diet study. SETTING: A multicentre, parallel‐group, single‐blind, randomised feeding trial evaluating the efficacy of lowering blood pressure with the cuisine‐based CHH diet. PARTICIPANTS: Totally, fifty‐three participants with hypertension aged 25‐75 years in the Sichuan center were randomised into the control group (n 26) or the CHH diet‐SC group (n 27). RESULTS: The CHH diet‐SC was more expensive than the control diet (¥27·87 ± 2·41 v. ¥25·18 ± 2·79 equals $3·90 ± 0·34 v. $3·52 ± 0·39, P < 0·001), and the incremental cost‐effectiveness ratio for a 1‐mm Hg systolic blood pressure reduction was ¥9·12 ($1·28). Intakes and the cost of seafood, dairy products, fruits, soybeans and nuts, whole grains and mixed beans were higher for the CHH diet‐SC than for the control diet (P < 0·001). Intakes of vitamin B1, vitamin B6, vitamin C, Mg and phosphorus were positively correlated with the cost (P < 0·05). CONCLUSIONS: The CHH diet‐SC costs more than the conventional Sichuan diet, partly due to the high cost of specific food groups. Positive correlations between the intakes of vitamin B1, vitamin B6, vitamin C, Mg, phosphorus and the dietary cost could be a direction to adjust the composition within the food groups to reduce the cost of the CHH diet‐SC.
Effect of dietary patterns on ambulatory blood pressure : results from the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) Trial. DASH Collaborative Research Group$$$ We measured ambulatory blood pressure (ABP) in 354 participants in the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) Trial to determine the effect of dietary treatment on ABP (24‐hour, day and night) and to assess participants' acceptance of and compliance with the ABP monitoring (ABPM) technique. After a 3‐week run‐in period on a control 'typical' American diet, subjects (diastolic blood pressure [BP], 80 to 95 mm Hg$$$ systolic BP, <160 mm Hg$$$ mean age, 45 years) were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 diets for an 8‐week intervention period: a continuation of the control diet$$$ a diet rich in fruits and vegetables$$$ and a 'combination' diet that emphasized fruits, vegetables, and low‐fat dairy products. We measured ABP at the end of the run‐in and intervention periods. Both the fruit/vegetable and combination diets lowered 24‐hour ABP significantly compared with the control diet (P<0. 0001 for systolic and diastolic pressures on both diets: control diet, ‐ 0.2/+0.1 mm Hg$$$ fruit/vegetable diet, ‐3,2/‐1.9 mm Hg$$$ combination diet, ‐ 4.6/‐2.6 mm Hg). The combination diet lowered pressure during both day and night. Hypertensive subjects had a significantly greater response than normotensives to the combination diet (24‐hour ABP, ‐10.1/‐5.5 versus ‐2.3/‐ 1.6 mm Hg, respectively). After correction for the control diet responses, the magnitude of BP lowering was not significantly different whether measured by ABPM or random‐zero sphygmomanometry. Participant acceptance of ABPM was excellent: only 1 participant refused to wear the ABP monitor, and 7 subjects (2%) provided incomplete recordings. These results demonstrate that the DASH combination diet provides significant round‐the‐clock reduction in BP, especially in hypertensive participants.
Descriptive characteristics of the dietary patterns used in the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension Trial. DASH Collaborative Research Group$$$ The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension trial was a randomized, multicenter, controlled feeding study to compare the effect on blood pressure of 3 dietary patterns: control, fruits and vegetables, and combination diets. The patterns differed in selected nutrients hypothesized to alter blood pressure. This article examines the food‐group structure and nutrient composition of the study diets and reports participant nutrient consumption during intervention. Participants consumed the control dietary pattern during a 3‐week run‐in period. They were then randomized either to continue on the control diet or to change to the fruits and vegetables or the combination diet for 8 weeks. Sodium intake and body weight were constant during the entire feeding period. Analysis of variance models compared the nutrient content of the 3 diets. Targeting a few nutrients thought to influence blood pressure resulted in diets that were profoundly different in their food‐group and nutrient composition. The control and fruits and vegetables diets contained more oils, table fats, salad dressings, and red meats and were higher in saturated fat, total fat, and cholesterol than was the combination diet. The fruits and vegetables and combination diets contained relatively more servings of fruits, juices, vegetables, and nuts/seeds, and were higher in magnesium, potassium, and fiber than was the control diet. Both the fruits and vegetables and combination diets were low in sweets and sugar‐containing drinks. The combination diet contained a greater variety of fruits, and its high calcium content was obtained by increasing low‐fat dairy products. In addition, the distinct food grouping pattern across the 3 diets resulted in substantial differences in the levels of vitamins A, C, E, folate, B‐6, and zinc.
The DASH Diet, Sodium Intake and Blood Pressure Trial (DASH-sodium): rationale and design. DASH-Sodium Collaborative Research Group$$$ The DASH Diet, Sodium Intake and Blood Pressure Trial (DASH‐Sodium) is a multicenter, randomized trial comparing the effects of 3 levels of sodium intake and 2 dietary patterns on blood pressure among adults with higher than optimal blood pressure or with stage 1 hypertension (120‐159/80‐95 mm Hg). The 2 dietary patterns are a control diet typical of what many Americans eat, and the DASH diet, which, by comparison, emphasizes fruits, vegetables, and low‐fat dairy foods, includes whole grains, poultry, fish, and nuts, and is reduced in fats, red meat, sweets, and sugar‐containing beverages. The 3 sodium levels are defined as higher (typical of current US consumption), intermediate (reflecting the upper limit of current US recommendations), and lower (reflecting potentially optimal levels). Participants are randomly assigned to 1 of the 2 dietary patterns using a parallel group design and are fed each of the 3 sodium levels using a randomized crossover design. The study provides participants with all of their food during a 2‐week run‐in feeding period and three 30‐day intervention feeding periods. Participants attend the clinic for 1 meal per day, 5 days per week, and take home food for other meals. Weight is monitored and individual energy intake adjusted to maintain baseline weight. The primary outcome is systolic blood pressure measured at the end of each intervention feeding period. Systolic blood pressure is compared across the 3 sodium levels within each diet and across the 2 diets within each sodium level. If effects previously observed in clinical trials are additive, sodium reduction and the DASH diet together may lower blood pressure to an extent not as yet demonstrated for nonpharmacologic treatment. The DASH‐Sodium results will have important implications for the prevention and treatment of high blood pressure.
Red wine polyphenols do not lower peripheral or central blood pressure in mild hypertension. a randomized, double-blind crossover trial$$$ Objectives: Epidemiological data suggest that modest red wine consumption reduces cardiovascular‐disease risk. Red wine polyphenols improved human endothelial vascular function and reduced blood pressure (BP) in animal studies, but the results of clinical studies investigating the effect of red wine polyphenols on BP are inconsistent. We investigated the influence of red wine polyphenols on peripheral and/or central BP in subjects with high normal BP or grade 1 hypertension. Methods: In a double‐blind, placebo‐controlled 3‐period crossover trial we assigned 61 subjects (mean age 61.4±8.4 years) with office systolic BP 145.0± 11.9 mmHg and diastolic BP 85.8±7.7 mmHg to dairy drinks containing either placebo, 280 mg red wine polyphenols, or 560 mg red wine polyphenols. After each 4‐week intervention period, office and 24‐h ambulatory BP measurements, and central haemodynamic measurements derived from continuous finger BP recordings were assessed. Results: 24‐h BP decreased not significantly from 142.5±1.6/83.7±1.0 mmHg to 141.8±1.6/83.2±1.1 mmHg after administration of 560 mg polyphenols. We did not observe an effect of 280 mg polyphenols on 24‐h BP(142.7±1.6/83.8±1.0 mmHg). Both doses of polyphenols did also not change office BP, central BP, aortic augmentation index nor pulse wave reflection magnitude. Conclusion: Intake of red wine polyphenols in two different dosages for 4 weeks did not decrease peripheral or central BP in subjects with an above optimal BP. Our findings do not support the idea that polyphenols account for the cardiovascular benefits of red wine consumption by lowering BP.
Effect of dietary patterns on ambulatory blood pressure : results from the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) Trial. DASH Collaborative Research Group$$$ We measured ambulatory blood pressure (ABP) in 354 participants in the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) Trial to determine the effect of dietary treatment on ABP (24‐hour, day and night) and to assess participants' acceptance of and compliance with the ABP monitoring (ABPM) technique. After a 3‐week run‐in period on a control "typical" American diet, subjects (diastolic blood pressure [BP], 80 to 95 mm Hg$$$ systolic BP, <160 mm Hg$$$ mean age, 45 years) were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 diets for an 8‐week intervention period: a continuation of the control diet$$$ a diet rich in fruits and vegetables$$$ and a "combination" diet that emphasized fruits, vegetables, and low‐fat dairy products. We measured ABP at the end of the run‐in and intervention periods. Both the fruit/vegetable and combination diets lowered 24‐hour ABP significantly compared with the control diet (P<0. 0001 for systolic and diastolic pressures on both diets: control diet, ‐0.2/+0.1 mm Hg$$$ fruit/vegetable diet, ‐3.2/‐1.9 mm Hg$$$ combination diet, ‐4.6/‐2. 6 mm Hg). The combination diet lowered pressure during both day and night. Hypertensive subjects had a significantly greater response than normotensives to the combination diet (24‐hour ABP, ‐10.1/‐5.5 versus ‐2.3/‐1.6 mm Hg, respectively). After correction for the control diet responses, the magnitude of BP lowering was not significantly different whether measured by ABPM or random‐zero sphygmomanometry. Participant acceptance of ABPM was excellent: only 1 participant refused to wear the ABP monitor, and 7 subjects (2%) provided incomplete recordings. These results demonstrate that the DASH combination diet provides significant round‐the‐clock reduction in BP, especially in hypertensive participants.
Descriptive characteristics of the dietary patterns used in the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension Trial. DASH Collaborative Research Group$$$ The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension trial was a randomized, multicenter, controlled feeding study to compare the effect on blood pressure of 3 dietary patterns: control, fruits and vegetables, and combination diets. The patterns differed in selected nutrients hypothesized to alter blood pressure. This article examines the food‐group structure and nutrient composition of the study diets and reports participant nutrient consumption during intervention. Participants consumed the control dietary pattern during a 3‐week run‐in period. They were then randomized either to continue on the control diet or to change to the fruits and vegetables or the combination diet for 8 weeks. Sodium intake and body weight were constant during the entire feeding period. Analysis of variance models compared the nutrient content of the 3 diets. Targeting a few nutrients thought to influence blood pressure resulted in diets that were profoundly different in their food‐group and nutrient composition. The control and fruits and vegetables diets contained more oils, table fats, salad dressings, and red meats and were higher in saturated fat, total fat, and cholesterol than was the combination diet. The fruits and vegetables and combination diets contained relatively more servings of fruits, juices, vegetables, and nuts/seeds, and were higher in magnesium, potassium, and fiber than was the control diet. Both the fruits and vegetables and combination diets were low in sweets and sugar‐containing drinks. The combination diet contained a greater variety of fruits, and its high calcium content was obtained by increasing low‐fat dairy products. In addition, the distinct food grouping pattern across the 3 diets resulted in substantial differences in the levels of vitamins A, C, E, folate, B‐6, and zinc.
Computer-mediated system, wheels-I, provides evidence of feasibility for momentary assessment of dash diet adherence over 8 weeks$$$ Background: The most modifiable lifestyle risk factor related to hypertension management is adherence to a heart health diet. DASH Diet is widely recommended as a healthy eating plan for hypertensive adults. Research is limited for reliable daily tracking of momentary dietary adherence measures that are useful for clinical practice to promote sustainable life long dietary behavior changes. Objectives: We examined: 1. feasibility of DASH adherence scales involving daily momentary real time assessment, and 2. usefulness of radar plotting to represent variation of DASH adherence over time. Methods: This is a sub‐study of WHEELS‐I, a clinical trial conducted with 70 women (74% African American, ages 35 to 76) seen at outpatient clinics and randomly assigned to experimental (CBI) or control groups (CG). The CBI group (n = 35) was exposed to email messages, 28 morning and 56 evening linked to web‐based rapid response surveys. This study reports on the evening messages linked to DASH adherence survey assessing portion control recommendations for fruit, vegetables, low fat, low‐ fat dairy, limited sodium, lean meat, grains, and limited sweets$$$ required 5 min to complete. The WHEELS‐I computer interactive system was developed to link web‐based random coded self appraisal survey data captured for statistical analyses. Results: Delivery and tracking statistics revealed 2,924 messages were opened and 2,280 clicks to access web‐based surveys over 8 weeks$$$ an acceptable 78% intervention engagement profile. The average % DASH adherence for Weeks 1 and 8 displayed in the Radar Plot was 86.[figure1]The Radar Plot shows the dramatic improvement in % DASH adherence for fruit (42 to 77)$$$ vegetables (46 to 85)$$$ grains (46 to 69) and limited sweets (58to85). Conclusions: This study showed a reliable technological approach for advancing systematic implementation of DASH in clinical practice$$$ foundation is set for electronic medical record linkages and sharing Radar Plots with patients. (Figure presented).
Relaxing music reduces blood pressure and heart rate among pre-hypertensive young adults: a randomized control trial$$$ Prevalence of pre‐hypertension is higher among young adults and may increase the risk for hypertension and cardiovascular morbidity. Music therapy has been investigated to reduce the blood pressure in the hypertensive population$$$ however, its efficacy on blood pressure in pre‐hypertensive young adults is not known. Thirty pre‐hypertensive (systolic blood pressure [SBP] = 120‐139 mmHg and diastolic blood pressure [DBP] = 80‐89 mmHg) young adults were recruited and randomly assigned into two groups. Music group (N = 15) received music therapy by passive listening to music for 30 minutes/day, 5 days/week for 4 weeks, along with Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) eating plan (a diet rich in fruits and vegetables, low‐fat dairy or unsaturated fat) and limit the daily sodium intake less than 100 mmol/day. The control group (N = 15) practiced only DASH eating plan and sodium restriction. The SBP, DBP, and heart rate (HR) were measured before and after 4 weeks of intervention. There was a significant reduction in SBP (8.73 mmHg, p <.001) and HR (6.42 beats/minute, p =.002)$$$ however, the reduction in DBP (1.44 mmHg, p =.101) was not statistically significant in the music group. Control group did not exhibit any significant reduction in SBP (0.21 mmHg, p <.836), DBP (0.81 mmHg, p <.395) and HR (0.09 beats/minute, p <.935). In conclusion, music therapy reduced significantly SBP and HR suggesting that it could be a promising tool to prevent the progression of pre‐hypertension toward hypertension among young adults.
The DASH Diet, Sodium Intake and Blood Pressure Trial (DASH-sodium): rationale and design. DASH-Sodium Collaborative Research Group$$$ The DASH Diet, Sodium Intake and Blood Pressure Trial (DASH‐Sodium) is a multicenter, randomized trial comparing the effects of 3 levels of sodium intake and 2 dietary patterns on blood pressure among adults with higher than optimal blood pressure or with stage 1 hypertension (120‐159/80‐95 mm Hg). The 2 dietary patterns are a control diet typical of what many Americans eat, and the DASH diet, which, by comparison, emphasizes fruits, vegetables, and low‐fat dairy foods, includes whole grains, poultry, fish, and nuts, and is reduced in fats, red meat, sweets, and sugar‐containing beverages. The 3 sodium levels are defined as higher (typical of current US consumption), intermediate (reflecting the upper limit of current US recommendations), and lower (reflecting potentially optimal levels). Participants are randomly assigned to 1 of the 2 dietary patterns using a parallel group design and are fed each of the 3 sodium levels using a randomized crossover design. The study provides participants with all of their food during a 2‐week run‐in feeding period and three 30‐day intervention feeding periods. Participants attend the clinic for 1 meal per day, 5 days per week, and take home food for other meals. Weight is monitored and individual energy intake adjusted to maintain baseline weight. The primary outcome is systolic blood pressure measured at the end of each intervention feeding period. Systolic blood pressure is compared across the 3 sodium levels within each diet and across the 2 diets within each sodium level. If effects previously observed in clinical trials are additive, sodium reduction and the DASH diet together may lower blood pressure to an extent not as yet demonstrated for nonpharmacologic treatment. The DASH‐Sodium results will have important implications for the prevention and treatment of high blood pressure.
Effects of the Chinese heart-healthy diet (Sichuan cuisine) on lowering blood pressure in adults with hypertension: a randomized controlled feeding trial$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Sichuan cuisine is characterized by high salt and oil content. We aimed to evaluate the effects of the Sichuan cuisine version of Chinese heart‐healthy diet (CHH diet‐SC) on blood pressure reduction among hypertensive adults. METHODS AND STUDY DESIGN: The Chinese heart‐healthy diet (CHH) trial was a multicenter randomized controlled feeding trial among Chinese hypertensive people. We conducted a secondary analysis of the CHH trial using data from the Sichuan center in Southwest China. Fifty‐three people aged 25 to 75 years with a mean systolic blood pressure (SBP) between 130 and 159 mmHg were enrolled. Eligible participants underwent a 1‐week run‐in period with the typical local diet and were randomized 1:1 to consume the CHH diet‐SC (n=27) or typical local diet (n=26) for the next 4‐week. The primary outcome was the net change in SBP, the secondary outcomes included diastolic blood pressure (DBP), mean arterial pressure (MAP), and the rate of BP control. RESULTS: Compared with the control group, the CHH diet‐SC decreased cooking salt, oil, and red meat content and increased inclusion of whole grains, fruits, seafood, low‐fat dairy, soybean, and nuts$$$ the SBP experienced reductions of 7.54, 8.60, 9.14, and 10.1 mmHg at the end of weeks 1 through 4$$$ the DBP was reduced 4.01 mmHg at week 4$$$ the MAP was significantly reduced 6.02 mmHg finally$$$ and rate of BP control significantly increased (p<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Adoption of the CHH diet‐SC for 4 weeks can significantly reduce BP and increase the rate of BP control in hypertensive adults.
Rationale and design of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension trial (DASH). A multicenter controlled-feeding study of dietary patterns to lower blood pressure$$$ Epidemiologic studies have found that dietary patterns characterized by high intakes of certain minerals and fiber are associated with low blood pressure. Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) is a multicenter, randomized, controlled‐feeding trial designed to test the effects on blood pressure of two such dietary patterns consumed for 8 weeks. The two experimental diets will be compared with each other and with a control dietary pattern that is relatively low in potassium, magnesium, calcium, and fiber, and has a fat and protein profile mirroring current consumption. The first experimental diet, arguably termed "ideal," is high in fruits, vegetables, whole cereal products, low‐fat dairy products, fish, chicken, and lean meats designed to be low in saturated fat and cholesterol$$$ moderately high in protein$$$ and high in minerals and fiber. The second experimental diet tests the effect of fruits and vegetables alone. Its potassium, magnesium, and dietary fiber content will be at the same high levels as the ideal dietary pattern, while its fat, protein, and calcium content will resemble that of the control dietary pattern. The study population will consist of 456 healthy men and women, aged 22 years or older, with systolic blood pressure less than 160 mm Hg and diastolic blood pressure 80 to 95 mm Hg. African‐American and other minority groups will comprise 67% of the population. Participants will eat one of the three dietary patterns. The DASH trial has unique features. First, dietary patterns rather than single nutrients are being tested. Second, all food for the experimental diets is provided to the participants using a standardized multicenter protocol. Because the dietary patterns are constructed with commonly consumed food items, the results, if positive, may be conveniently implemented in dietary recommendations to the general public.
Prevotella-to-Bacteroides ratio predicts body weight and fat loss success on 24-week diets varying in macronutrient composition and dietary fiber: results from a post-hoc analysis$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Individuals with high pre‐treatment bacterial Prevotella‐to‐Bacteroides (P/B) ratio have been reported to lose more body weight on diets high in fiber than subjects with a low P/B ratio. Therefore, the aim of the present study was to examine potential differences in dietary weight loss responses between participants with low and high P/B. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Eighty overweight participants were randomized (52 completed) to a 500 kcal/d energy deficit diet with a macronutrient composition of 30 energy percentage (E%) fat, 52 E% carbohydrate and 18 E% protein either high (≈1500 mg calcium/day) or low ( ≤ 600 mg calcium/day) in dairy products for 24 weeks. Body weight, body fat, and dietary intake (by 7‐day dietary records) were determined. Individuals were dichotomized according to their pre‐treatment P/B ratio derived from 16S rRNA gene sequencing of collected fecal samples to test the potential modification of dietary effects using linear mixed models. RESULTS: Independent of the randomized diets, individuals with high P/B lost 3.8 kg (95%CI, 1.8,5.8$$$ P < 0.001) more body weight and 3.8 kg (95% CI, 1.1, 6.5$$$ P = 0.005) more body fat compared to individuals with low P/B. After adjustment for multiple covariates, individuals with high P/B ratio lost 8.3 kg (95% CI, 5.8$$$10.9, P < 0.001) more body weight when consuming above compared to below 30 g fiber/10MJ whereas this weight loss was 3.2 kg (95% CI, 0.8$$$5.5, P = 0.008) among individuals with low P/B ratio [Mean difference: 5.1 kg (95% CI, 1.7$$$8.6, P = 0.003)]. Partial correlation coefficients between fiber intake and weight change was 0.90 (P < 0.001) among individuals with high P/B ratio and 0.25 (P = 0.29) among individuals with low P/B ratio. CONCLUSIONS: Individuals with high P/B lost more body weight and body fat compared to individuals with low P/B, confirming that individuals with a high P/B are more susceptible to weight loss on a diet rich in fiber.
Water volume and consumption time: influence on the glycemic and insulinemic responses in non-insulin-dependent diabetic subjects$$$ The present study was carried out to see if either the volume of water or the duration of ingestion time influence the postprandial blood glucose and insulin responses in non‐insulin‐dependent diabetic (NIDDM) subjects. Small test meals containing 40 g carbohydrate as rye bread (100 g) with butter (10 g) and tomatoes (75 g) were given to 10 NIDDM subjects. The meals were taken in random order with either 90 or 600 mL tap water. The meal with 90 mL tap water was ingested over 10 and 30 min. The glycemic responses to isocaloric meals of large and small volumes were similar (338 +/‐ 56 vs 384 +/‐ 67 mmol/L.240 min) as were the insulinemic responses (29,424 +/‐ 6512 min vs 27,140 +/‐ 6548 mumol/L.240 min). An extension of eating time from 10 to 30 min did not alter the glycemic (384 +/‐ 67 vs 370 +/‐ 54 mmol/L.240 min) or the insulinemic response (27,140 +/‐ 6548 vs 35,670 +/‐ 10,245 mumol/L.240 min) in the NIDDM patients.
Whey Protein Supplementation and Higher Total Protein Intake Do Not Influence Bone Quantity in Overweight and Obese Adults Following a 36-Week Exercise and Diet Intervention$$$ BACKGROUND: Controversy exists concerning the effects of higher total protein intake (TPro) on bone health, which may be associated with reduced bone mineral density (BMD). However, whey protein (WP) may induce bone formation because of its basic component, milk basic protein. OBJECTIVE: This study assessed the effects of WP supplementation, TPro, and change in TPro (postsupplementation ‐ presupplementation) on BMD and bone mineral content (BMC$$$ total body, lumbar spine, total femur, and femoral neck) in overweight and class I obese middle‐aged adults following an exercise intervention. METHODS: This analysis used data from a double‐blind, randomized, placebo‐controlled 36‐wk WP supplementation trial, wherein participants consumed a 1.7‐MJ (400‐kcal) supplement (0, 20, 40, or 60 g WP/d) along with their otherwise unrestricted diet while participating in a resistance and aerobic exercise intervention (3 d/wk). TPro was the summation of WP and habitual dietary intakes (4‐d food record). Statistical analyses for WP were based on group and bone data [n = 186, 108 women$$$ mean ± SD age: 49 ± 8 y$$$ body mass index (BMI$$$ in kg/m2): 30.1 ± 2.8], whereas TPro was based on dietary and bone data (n = 113, 70 women$$$ age 50 ± 8 y$$$ BMI 30.1 ± 2.9). RESULTS: WP supplementation, regardless of dose, did not influence BMD or BMC following the intervention. By using a multiple linear regression model, TPro (expressed as g/d or g · kg‐1 · d‐1) and change in TPro (expressed as g/d) were not associated with responses over time in total or regional BMD or BMC. By using a cluster analysis approach [<1.0 (n = 41), 1.0‐1.2 (n = 28), and ≥1.2 g · kg‐1 · d‐1 (n = 44)], TPro was also not associated with responses in total or regional BMD or BMC over time. CONCLUSION: WP supplementation and total dietary protein intake did not negatively or beneficially influence bone quantity in overweight and obese adults during a 9‐mo exercise intervention. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00812409.
Study on Obesity management in non diabetics$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Weight reduction: Teneligliptin and Low crb diet physical exercise Intervention2: Low carbohydrate diet & Physical ecercise: low carbohydrate diet (48 weeks) which Includes: Natural proteins‐ Fish, chicken breast (without fat), Eggs Vegetables: leafy green vegetables, cauliflower and broccoli Nuts and seeds, including nut butter and physical exercise more than 150 min per week (mornig/evening 30 min for atleast 5 days in a week) for 48 weeks Control Intervention1: Teneligliptin: Teneligliptin 20 mg twice daily for 48 weeks with low carbohydrate diet (48 weeks) which Includes: Natural proteins‐ Fish, chicken breast (without fat), Eggs Vegetables: leafy green vegetables, cauliflower and broccoli Nuts and seeds, including nut butter and physical exercise more than 150 min per week (mornig/evening 30 min for atleast 5 days in a week) for 48 weeks CONDITION: Health Condition 1: E660‐ Obesity due to excess calories PRIMARY OUTCOME: Reduction of Body weight 10‐15 % from the baseline. $$$ Improvement of Blood pressure $$$ Improvement of Lipid levelsTimepoint: within one year SECONDARY OUTCOME: Improvement of weight related commodities such as Improvement of Blood pressure $$$ Improvement of Lipid levelsTimepoint: Within one year INCLUSION CRITERIA: Body mass index (BMI) Ã¢?Â¥ 30 kg/m2 or Ã¢?Â¥ 27 kg/m2 with the presence of at least one of the following weight‐related comorbidities (treated or untreated): Mild to Moderate Hypertension Dyslipidemia History of at least one self‐reported unsuccessful dietary effort to lose body weight
Dietary proteins improve endothelial function under fasting conditions but not in the postprandial state, with no effects on markers of low-grade inflammation$$$ Endothelial dysfunction (ED) and low‐grade inflammation (LGI) have a role in the development of CVD. The two studies reported here explored the effects of dietary proteins and carbohydrates on markers of ED and LGI in overweight/obese individuals with untreated elevated blood pressure. In the first study, fifty‐two participants consumed a protein mix or maltodextrin (3×20 g/d) for 4 weeks. Fasting levels and 12 h postprandial responses of markers of ED (soluble intercellular adhesion molecule 1 (sICAM), soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule 1 (sVCAM), soluble endothelial selectin and von Willebrand factor) and markers of LGI (serum amyloid A, C‐reactive protein and sICAM) were evaluated before and after intervention. Biomarkers were also combined into mean Z‐scores of ED and LGI. The second study compared 4 h postprandial responses of ED and LGI markers in forty‐eight participants after ingestion of 0·6 g/kg pea protein, milk protein and egg‐white protein. In addition, postprandial responses after maltodextrin intake were compared with a protein mix and sucrose. The first study showed significantly lower fasting ED Z‐scores and sICAM after 4 weeks on the high‐protein diet (P≤0·02). The postprandial studies found no clear differences of ED and LGI between test meals. However, postprandial sVCAM decreased more after the protein mix compared with maltodextrin in both studies (P≤0·04). In conclusion, dietary protein is beneficial for fasting ED, but not for fasting LGI, after 4 weeks of supplementation. On the basis of Z‐scores, postprandial ED and LGI were not differentially affected by protein sources or carbohydrates.
A prospective randomized placebo-controlled double-blinded pilot study of misoprostol rectal suppositories in the prevention of acute and chronic radiation proctitis symptoms in prostate cancer patients$$$ OBJECTIVE: Radiation proctitis is a known complication of radiation therapy for prostate cancer. Available medical treatment is usually ineffective and has focused on relieving symptoms after damage has occurred. Our study aimed at evaluating the use of misoprostol rectal suppositories in the prevention of acute as well as chronic radiation proctitis symptoms. METHODS: A prospective, randomized, placebo‐controlled, double‐blinded trial was conducted in patients with recently diagnosed stages B and C prostate cancer who underwent external beam irradiation. Patients received either a misoprostol or a placebo suppository 1 h before each radiation session. Misoprostol suppositories were made from two 200‐microg tablets (Cytotec, Searle Pharmaceuticals, Skokie, IL), whereas the placebo was made from cocoa butter. A 12‐point radiation proctitis symptom score was obtained from each patient at 4, 8, 12, and 36 wk after radiation therapy. RESULTS: A total of 16 patients were enrolled. Seven patients received placebo, and nine patients received misoprostol. Mean radiation proctitis symptom scores in the placebo group were 4.86, 5.86, 5.71, and 3.83 at 4, 8, 12, and 36 wk, respectively. The mean scores in the misoprostol group were 0.78, 0.67, 0.33, and 0.37 at 4, 8, 12, and 36 wk, respectively. The difference between the two groups was statistically significant (p < 0.05) at 4, 8, 12, and 36 wk. CONCLUSION: Misoprostol rectal suppositories significantly reduce acute and chronic radiation proctitis symptoms in patients receiving radiation therapy for prostate cancer.
Metabolomics in nutritional epidemiology: identifying metabolites associated with diet and quantifying their potential to uncover diet-disease relations in populations$$$ BACKGROUND: Metabolomics is an emerging field with the potential to advance nutritional epidemiology$$$ however, it has not yet been applied to large cohort studies. OBJECTIVES: Our first aim was to identify metabolites that are biomarkers of usual dietary intake. Second, among serum metabolites correlated with diet, we evaluated metabolite reproducibility and required sample sizes to determine the potential for metabolomics in epidemiologic studies. DESIGN: Baseline serum from 502 participants in the Prostate, Lung, Colorectal, and Ovarian (PLCO) Cancer Screening Trial was analyzed by using ultra‐high‐performance liquid‐phase chromatography with tandem mass spectrometry and gas chromatography‐mass spectrometry. Usual intakes of 36 dietary groups were estimated by using a food‐frequency questionnaire. Dietary biomarkers were identified by using partial Pearson's correlations with Bonferroni correction for multiple comparisons. Intraclass correlation coefficients (ICCs) between samples collected 1 y apart in a subset of 30 individuals were calculated to evaluate intraindividual metabolite variability. RESULTS: We detected 412 known metabolites. Citrus, green vegetables, red meat, shellfish, fish, peanuts, rice, butter, coffee, beer, liquor, total alcohol, and multivitamins were each correlated with at least one metabolite (P < 1.093 × 10(‐6)$$$ r = ‐0.312 to 0.398)$$$ in total, 39 dietary biomarkers were identified. Some correlations (citrus intake with stachydrine) replicated previous studies$$$ others, such as peanuts and tryptophan betaine, were novel findings. Other strong associations included coffee (with trigonelline‐N‐methylnicotinate and quinate) and alcohol (with ethyl glucuronide). Intraindividual variability in metabolite levels (1‐y ICCs) ranged from 0.27 to 0.89. Large, but attainable, sample sizes are required to detect associations between metabolites and disease in epidemiologic studies, further emphasizing the usefulness of metabolomics in nutritional epidemiology. CONCLUSIONS: We identified dietary biomarkers by using metabolomics in an epidemiologic data set. Given the strength of the associations observed, we expect that some of these metabolites will be validated in future studies and later used as biomarkers in large cohorts to study diet‐disease associations. The PLCO trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00002540.
Comparison of butterfly volumetric modulated arc therapy to full arc with or without deep inspiration breath hold for the treatment of mediastinal lymphoma$$$ Purpose: Radiotherapy is an effective treatment for mediastinal lymphoma but induces late effects including cardiac toxicity and secondary breast and lung cancer. Therefore reducing the dose to these organs is vital. We compared full arc volumetric modulated arc therapy (F‐VMAT) against limited angle ‘Butterfly’ VMAT (B‐VMAT) on free breathing (FB) and deep inspiration breath‐hold (DIBH) computed tomography scans. The aim was to assess the benefits of B‐VMAT over F‐VMAT and to establish if the addition of DIBH results is a cumulative benefit. Materials and methods: F‐VMAT and B‐VMAT plans were calculated for 20 consecutive patients (15 females) with mediastinal lymphoma on both FB and DIBH scans. The planning target volume V95% was kept comparable between all plans while reducing organ doses as much as possible. Results: B‐VMAT significantly reduced low lung doses (V5–10), while F‐VMAT was better for higher lung doses (V20–30). DIBH further improved lung doses for both types of plans. DIBH B‐VMAT produced the lowest mean lung dose. With FB, heart doses were slightly higher for B‐VMAT but the maximum difference was small (0.8% for V20) and only statistically significant for V10‐20. The mean heart dose increased by only 0.1 Gy. The addition of DIBH however significantly reduced heart doses. While DIBH F‐VMAT had the lowest heart doses, the difference was small compared with DIBH B‐VMAT. B‐VMAT significantly reduced breast V4 while DIBH reduced the V10. Conclusion: B‐VMAT and DIBH are both effective in reducing organ doses and the dosimetric benefit is additive for some parameters and complementary for others.
Effects of heparin catheter-sealing solution for implantable venous access ports on D-dimer levels in older cancer patients$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effects of different concentrations of heparin catheter‐sealing solution for implantable venous access ports (VAPs) on D‐dimers (D‐D) in older cancer patients.PATIENTS AND METHODS: A total of 208 older cancer patients who received intravenous chemotherapy for the first time were randomly divided into four groups: the normal saline group, the low concentration heparin group (25 U/ml), the medium concentration heparin group (50 U/ml), and the high concentration heparin group (75 U/ml), with 52 patients in each group. VAPs were sealed by the positive pressure technique every day before and after perfusion, as well as at the end of a course of chemotherapy when the butterfly needle was removed. The patients were followed‐up for three courses of chemotherapy, and comparisons of the clinical effects were conducted.RESULTS: Before treatment and at the end of follow‐up, no significant differences among groups were found in platelet count, prothrombin time, thrombin time, or activated partial thromboplastin time (p>0.05). At the end of follow‐up, the high concentration heparin group had reduced fibrinogen (FIB) and increased D‐D compared with the other groups, and the differences were statistically significant (p<0.05). The other three groups showed no significant differences in FIB or D‐D before treatment or at the end of follow‐up (p>0.05). The high concentration heparin group had higher local bleeding rate, while the saline group had higher partial and complete prevalence of blockage compared with the other groups. The differences were statistically significant (p<0.05).CONCLUSIONS: 25‐50 U/ml heparin catheter‐sealing solution had little effect on blood circulation and coagulation. Additionally, it did not increase the risk of local bleeding or thrombotic blockage.
The postprandial inflammatory response after ingestion of heated oils in obese persons is reduced by the presence of phenol compounds$$$ SCOPE: Heating during the process of cooking alters the chemical properties of foods and may affect subsequent postprandial inflammation. We tested the effects of four meals rich in different oils subjected to heating on the postprandial inflammatory metabolism of peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs). METHODS AND RESULTS: Twenty obese participants received four breakfasts following a randomized crossover design, consisting of milk and muffins made with different oils (virgin olive oil (VOO), sunflower oil (SFO), and a mixture of seeds oil (SFO/canola oil) with added either dimethylpolysiloxane (SOD), or natural antioxidants from olive mill wastewater alperujo (phenols$$$ SOP)), previously subjected to 20 heating cycles. Postprandial inflammatory status in PBMCs was assessed by the activation of nuclear NF‐κB, the concentration in cytoplasm of the NF‐κB inhibitor (IκB‐α), the mRNA levels of NF‐κB subunits and activators (p65, IKKβ, and IKKα) and other inflammatory molecules (TNF‐α, IL‐1β, IL‐6, MIF, and JNK), and lipopolysaccharide (LPS) levels. VOO and SOP breakfasts reduced NF‐κB activation, increased IκB‐α, and decreased LPS plasma concentration. SFO increased IKKα, IKKβ, p65, IL‐1b, IL‐6, MIF, and JNK mRNA levels, and plasma LPS. CONCLUSION: Oils rich in phenols, whether natural (VOO) or artificially added (SOP), reduce postprandial inflammation, compared with seed oil (sunflower).
Functional effect on cardiovascular and neurological health of Passiflora setacea passion fruit species in overweight sedentary individuals$$$ INTERVENTION: Dietary supplement Functional Food The 12 participants signed a Free and Informed Consent Form (ICF), in which information on research was described, including the guarantee of indemnity if something happens to the volunteer's health. The meeting point was at Sabin Laboratory (North Wing), where fasting blood samples were collected from all 12 volunteers and then consumed placebo drink (isotonic passion fruit flavor). They were then allocated to a farm hotel in the Federal District for 24 hours, arriving at 12 noon one day and leaving at 12 noon the other, where they received a â€œwhiteâ€? diet on the first day, ie poor in micronutrients, hypolipid and normoprotein, avoiding products of plant origin rich in bioactive compounds (vegetables, fruits and derived drinks), chocolate, red meat and whole milk products. Alcohol consumption was also prohibited 24 hours before the experiment. The same feeding guidelines were given for the day before the ranch hotel. Â On the second day in the morning, blood and urine samples were collected from the 12 fasting 12h volunteers (t0h) and the same procedure for 3h after juice consumption (t3h). 200 mL of concentrated P. setacea pulp juice (150g of concentrated pulp + 50mL of drinking water) was consumed without added sugar or sweeteners. The volunteers were instructed to consume any food other than water, as well as to make no physical effort during the period between the two extractions. For better characterization of volunteers, markers were used at t0h (biochemical: fasting glucose, total cholesterol, HDL and LDL and total triglycerides$$$ anthropometric: weight, height and waist circumference$$$ clinical: blood pressure) and t3h (biochemical: glucose). and total triglycerides). The biological samples were collected from the volunteers by the Sabin partner laboratory (contract AJU 22300.11 / 0072‐7) and the other anthropometric measurements were measured by trained professionals of the team. CONDITION: Cardiovascular diseases$$$ Nutritional and metabolic diseases$$$ Obesity $$$ Obesity Obesity PRIMARY OUTCOME: Expected Outcome 1: To evaluate the effect of Passiflora setacea juice on the modulation of certain inflammatory biochemical markers (glucose, triglycerides, HDL, PCR) by collecting blood from volunteers before and after each intervention. Expected Outcome 2: To evaluate the effect of Passiflora setacea juice on modulation of certain immunological markers (pro and anti‐inflammatory cytokines) in blood samples from volunteers by flow cytometry (CBA HUMAN TH1, TH2, TH17 Kit). Expected Outcome 3: To evaluate the effect of Passiflora setacea juice on the modulation of the gene expression profile of the markers previously mentioned by microarray technique. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Outcome 1: Significant reduction in serum glucose and insulin concentrations after Passiflora setacea juice consumption. Outcome 2: Significant reduction in serum IL‐17A concentrations after Passiflora setacea juice consumption. Outcome 3: Significantly reduced expression of 1327 genes associated with inflammation, metabolism, cell signaling, and neuronal function. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Healthy subjects$$$ males$$$ aged between 40 and 64 years$$$ overweight (BMI greater than 25 and less than 30 kg/m2)$$$ waist circumference greater than 94cm.
Parental control over feeding in infancy. Influence of infant weight, appetite and feeding method$$$ Background and objective: Parental control over feeding has been linked to child overweight. Parental control behaviours have been assumed to be exogenous to the child, but emerging evidence suggests they are also child‐responsive. This study tests the hypothesis that parental control in early infancy is responsive to infant appetite and weight. Subjects and methods: Participants were 1920 mothers from the Gemini twin cohort, using one randomly selected child per family. Data come from questionnaires completed when the children were approximately 8 months. Mothers completed measures of 'pressure' and 'restriction', reported feeding method (breast‐ and bottle feeding), rated their infant's appetite during the first 3 months, provided health professional recorded weight measurements, and reported their concerns about their infant's weight. Logistic regression examined predictors of 'pressure' and 'restriction', adjusting for maternal demographics and BMI. Interactions between feeding method and control were also tested. Results: 'Pressure' was associated with lower birth weight (OR = 0.79, 95% CI: 0.65‐0.97), greater concern about underweight (OR = 1.88, 1.29‐2.75), and lower infant appetite (OR = 0.59, 0.47‐0.75). 'Restriction' was associated with higher appetite (OR = 1.44, 1.09‐1.89) and bottle feeding (OR = 2.86, 2.18‐3.75). A significant interaction with feeding method indicated that infants with high appetites were more likely to be restricted only if they were bottle‐fed (OR = 1.52, 1.13‐2.04). Conclusion: Mothers vary in their levels of control over milk‐feeding and this is partly responsive to the infant's characteristics. They tend to pressure infants who are lighter and have a smaller appetite, and restrict infants with larger appetites if they are bottle‐fed. Guidance on infant feeding may be better received if it acknowledges that parents respond to infant characteristics in order to achieve their feeding goals.
The Acute Effects of Meals Rich in Saturated or Unsaturated Fatty Acids on Postprandial Lipaemia and Vascular Function in Healthy Sri Lankan Men (CocoHeart Sri Lankan Study)$$$ Objectives: Elevated postprandial triacylglycerol (TAG) responses are an important independent risk factor for cardiovascular diseases (CVD). As consumer demand for plant‐based foods increases, coconut oil is gaining popularity in the western world, but little is known about the effects of this plant‐derived saturated fat (SFA) rich oil on postprandial lipaemia and vascular function. The CocoHeart Sri Lankan acute study aimed to investigate the acute consumption of test meals rich in SFA or unsaturated fat (UFA) on postprandial vascular function and associated CVD risk biomarkers in men. Methods: A double‐blind, randomised, crossover, controlled postprandial study was conducted in 15 healthy men. After fasting overnight participants consumed a high fat mixed test breakfast containing 50 g of total fat rich in SFA (coconut oil or butter) or UFA (sesame oil) on three separate occasions, each 2 weeks apart. Blood samples were collected at 0 min and regularly until 360 min to measure lipids and glucose. Measures of vascular function (arterial stiffness and blood pressure) were determined at 0, 180 and 300 min. Results: Participants had a mean (SD) age 45 (8) years, BMI 23.0 (2.7) kg/m2, with fasted lipids and glucose within the normal range. There were no significant differences in any of the outcomes between study visits at baseline (0 min). The postprandial TAG time‐course profile, AUC, and iAUC were higher after the UFA‐rich meal than after either of the SFA‐rich meals (P ≤ 0.001). AUC and iAUC for the LDL‐C (P ≤ 0.011) and iAUC for the postprandial HDL‐C response were lower after the UFArich than SFA‐rich meals (P ≤ 0.0001). Postprandial arterial stiffness was not different after consuming the test fats. The iAUC for diastolic blood pressure (DBP) was lower after the UFA‐rich compared with the SFA‐rich butter meal (mean±SEM: − 4.2 ±3.7 versus 7.3±4.1 mm Hg×300 min×102$$$ P=0.012), with a similar trend compared with the coconut oil‐rich meal (P=0.044). Conclusions: In conclusion, relative to sesame oil, butter and coconut oil rich meals showed similar effects on postprandial TAG and LDL‐C but differential effects on HDL‐C iAUC and DBP. Funding Sources: This research was supported by Wayamba University Research Grant.
Postprandial lipid responses to an alpha-linolenic acid-rich oil, olive oil and butter in women: a randomized crossover trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Postprandial lipaemia varies with gender and the composition of dietary fat due to the partitioning of fatty acids between beta‐oxidation and incorporation into triacylglycerols (TAGs). Increasing evidence highlights the importance of postprandial measurements to evaluate atherogenic risk. Postprandial effects of alpha‐linolenic acid (ALA) in women are poorly characterized. We therefore studied the postprandial lipid response of women to an ALA‐rich oil in comparison with olive oil and butter, and characterized the fatty acid composition of total lipids, TAGs, and non‐esterified fatty acids (NEFAs) in plasma. METHODS: A randomized crossover design (n = 19) was used to compare the postprandial effects of 3 meals containing 35 g fat. Blood samples were collected at regular intervals for 7 h. Statistical analysis was carried out with ANOVA (significant difference = P < 0.05). RESULTS: No significant difference was seen in incremental area under the curve (iAUC) plasma‐TAG between the meals. ALA and oleic acid levels were significantly increased in plasma after ALA‐rich oil and olive oil meals, respectively. Palmitic acid was significantly increased in plasma‐TAG after the butter meal. The ratios of 18:2 n‐6 to18:3 n‐3 in plasma‐TAGs, three and seven hours after the ALA‐rich oil meal, were 1.5 and 2.4, respectively. The corresponding values after the olive oil meal were: 13.8 and 16.9$$$ and after the butter meal: 9.0 and 11.6. CONCLUSIONS: The postprandial p‐TAG and NEFA response in healthy pre‐menopausal women was not significantly different after the intake of an ALA‐rich oil, olive oil and butter. The ALA‐rich oil significantly affected different plasma lipid fractions and improved the ratio of n‐6 to n‐3 fatty acids several hours postprandially.
Effects of peanut processing on body weight and fasting plasma lipids$$$ Peanuts and peanut butter are commonly consumed as a snack, meal component and ingredient in various commercial products. Their consumption is associated with reduced CVD risk and they pose little threat to positive energy balance. However, questions have arisen as to whether product form (e.g. whole nut v. butter) and processing properties (e.g. roasting and adding flavours) may compromise their positive health effects. The present study investigated the effects of peanut form and processing on two CVD risk factors: fasting plasma lipids and body weight. One hundred and eighteen adults (forty‐seven males and seventy‐one females$$$ age 29.2 (sd 8.4) years$$$ BMI 30.0 (sd 4.5) kg/m2) from Brazil, Ghana and the United States were randomised to consume 56 g of raw unsalted (n 23), roasted unsalted (n 24), roasted salted (n 23) or honey roasted (n 24) peanuts, or peanut butter (n 24) daily for 4 weeks. Peanut form and processing did not differentially affect body weight or fasting plasma lipid responses in the total sample. However, HDL‐cholesterol increased significantly at the group level, and total cholesterol, LDL‐cholesterol and TAG concentrations decreased significantly in individuals classified as having elevated fasting plasma lipids compared with those with normal fasting plasma lipids. These observations suggest that the processing attributes assessed in this trial do not compromise the lipid‐lowering effects of peanuts, and do not negatively impact body weight. Further studies are warranted to determine the effects of form and processing on other health risk factors.
The alpha and gamma tocopherol levels in serum are influenced by the dietary fat quality$$$ BACKGROUND: Alpha tocopherol in serum is thought to be of importance in protecting lipids against oxidation and low serum levels of alpha tocopherol has been suggested to increase the risk for coronary heart disease. However, low levels of gamma, rather than alpha, tocopherol have been found in patients with manifest coronary heart disease and in populations with a high incidence of coronary heart disease. AIM: The aim of this study was to determine the tocopherol concentrations in serum after two diets with identical nutrient content but with different fat quality, enriched in butter and rapeseed oil‐based fats, respectively. METHOD: Twenty moderately hyperlipidemic, healthy subjects (six females and 14 males) participated in this double‐blind cross‐over study, where two isoenergetic diets were given in a randomized order during two 3‐week periods, interrupted by a wash‐out period of 3‐4 weeks. RESULTS: The lipid‐corrected serum concentrations of alpha and gamma tocopherol increased during the diet rich in rapeseed oil (by 7 and 23%, respectively) compared with on the baseline diet (P < 0.001), while these concentrations decreased (by 5 and 37%, respectively, P < 0.01) during the diet rich in saturated fat. The ratio between alpha and gamma tocopherol decreased significantly during the rapeseed oil diet (‐23%, P < 0.01) and increased (+46%, P < 0.001) during the butter diet. CONCLUSION: Alpha and gamma tocopherol levels in serum are influenced by the type of fat used in the diet. The most unexpected finding is that the lipid‐adjusted gamma tocopherol concentration significantly decreased by 37% during a diet rich in saturated fat with an increased ratio between alpha and gamma tocopherol, similar to the situation found in CHD patients.
Effects of magnesium on postprandial serum lipid responses in healthy human subjects$$$ Postprandial hyperlipidaemia has been recognised to be a risk factor for atherosclerosis development. Epidemiological and animal studies have shown that Mg intake is inversely associated with some risk factors of atherosclerosis, including lipid metabolism. The present study was performed to determine the effects of Mg supplementation on postprandial responses in serum lipid levels. We used bittern (Nigari, in Japanese), a natural MgCl(2) solution from sea or salt lake water, for Mg supplementation. In a two‐way, randomised, crossover study, sixteen healthy male volunteers consumed 30 g butter with or without 5 ml bittern containing 500 mg of Mg. Fasting and postprandial blood samples were taken 2, 3, 4 and 6 h after ingestion. Postprandial lipid responses were evaluated by serum TAG, chylomicron TAG, apo‐B48, remnant‐like particle cholesterol (RLP‐C) and NEFA concentrations. We found that the serum and the chylomicron TAG responses after the fat load were reduced and delayed by Mg supplementation. The concentrations of apo‐B48 (P < 0.05), RLP‐C (P < 0.05) and NEFA (P < 0.05) were significantly lower at 2 h after the fat‐with‐Mg meal compared with the fat‐only meal. The present study indicated that Mg supplementation could inhibit fat absorption and improve postprandial hyperlipidaemia in healthy subjects.
The acute effects of meals rich in saturated or unsaturated fatty acids on postprandial lipaemia and satiety responses in healthy men (CocoHeart Study)$$$ Meal fat composition has been shown to influence the postprandial triacylglycerol response (an independent cardiovascular disease risk marker), with meals rich in saturated fatty acids (SFA) reported showing a greater response than those rich in vegetable oils. Although coconut oil is gaining in popularity in the UK diet, little is known about the effects of this plant‐derived oil with a high SFA content on postprandial lipaemia. The aim of this study was to compare the acute effects of test meals rich in SFA (butter or coconut oil) with unsaturated fatty acids (vegetable oil ‐ a blend of safflower and olive oil) on postprandial lipid, glucose, gut hormone and satiety responses, and gastric emptying and satiety in men. A cross‐over, single‐blind, randomised acute study was conducted in 13 healthy men (mean age 53 ± 3 years$$$ BMI 24 ± 3 kg/m2). Subjects were assigned to consume sequential high‐fat test meals rich in SFA or unsaturated fatty acids (breakfast (0 min) and lunch (330 min) comprising of toast with jam and a warm chocolate drink containing 50 g and 30 g fat, respectively) on three occasions. Fasting and postprandial blood samples were collected at 0, 30, 60, 90, 120, 180, 240, 300, 330, 360, 390, 420 and 480 min. For gastric emptying, 100 mg of 13C octanoic acid was added to the breakfast test meal only, and breath samples were collected every 15 min to measure the excretion rate of labelled CO2 using isotope ratio mass spectrometry. There were no significant effects of the test fats on the postprandial triacylglycerol response (primary outcome measure). A significant difference was evident between test fats for the incremental area under the curve and peak concentration for the postprandial gastric inhibitory polypeptide (GIP), glucagon‐like peptide‐1 (GLP‐ 1) and peptide YY (PYY) responses, with a higher GIP response after the vegetable oil‐rich meal compared with butter and coconut oil‐rich meals whereas lower GLP‐1 and PYY responses were found after the butter than coconut oil and vegetable oil containing meals (p ≤ 0.004). In contrast, a significant higher postprandial glucose response for the iAUC was observed after the coconut oil‐rich meal than butter‐rich meal just after the breakfast (0‐330 min). For gastric emptying, half‐time, lag phase and ascension time were delayed after the coconut oil than vegetable oil‐rich meals (p ≤ 0.048). Although coconut oil was associated with delayed gastric emptying, there was a greater impact on the gut hormone and glucose than lipid response, with coconut oil exhibiting lower GIP than vegetable oil and higher GLP‐1, PYY and glucose (postbreakfast) responses than butter.
Determination of DNA adducts of malonaldehyde in humans: effects of dietary fatty acid composition$$$ The effects of dietary fatty acid composition on the endogenous formation of DNA adducts of malonaldehyde (MA), the major product of lipid peroxidation, were investigated in humans. A group of 59 healthy individuals of both sexes and different ages was initially fed a milk fat‐based diet rich in saturated fatty acids for 14 days. Following this initial period, after which the group was considered homogeneous with respect to diet, 30 randomly chosen subjects were given a sunflower oil‐based (rich in polyunsaturated fatty acids) (SO) diet and the remaining 29 individuals a low erucic acid rapeseed oil‐based (rich in monounsaturated fatty acids) (RO) diet for 25 days. The fatty acid composition of plasma lipid fractions and the level of DNA adducts of MA in total white blood cells were then determined at the end of the SO and RO dietary periods. DNA adduct levels were measured by 32p‐postlabelling using reversed‐phase HPLC with on‐line detection of radioactivity. Higher concentrations of polyunsaturated fatty acids in plasma triglycerides and higher levels of DNA adducts of MA were found in the subjects on the SO diet when compared with those in the RO dietary group. A large inter‐individual variation in adduct levels was observed. The average adduct level in the SO diet group was 7.4 +/‐ 8.7 adducts/10(7) nucleotides (n = 23). This level was 3.6‐fold higher than that found in individuals in the RO diet group (P < 0.001). Our results, in conjunction with the mutagenic and carcinogenic properties of MA, thus suggest the interaction of lipid peroxidation products such as MA with DNA as one plausible mechanism explaining the involvement of dietary fat in carcinogenesis.
Effectivity of Silymarin in improving hepatic fibrosis among patients with non alcoholic fatty liver disease – placebo controlled RCT$$$ INTERVENTION: Place of study: Medicine Out Patient Department, Chittagong Medical College Hospital, Chittagong, Bangladesh Patients who meet up inclusion and exclusions criteria will be informed in details about the study. Such 80 patients will be finally included in the study. Written informed consent in Bengali for inclusion in the trial will be obtained from all study subjects. The potential risks and benefits of the use of the drug will be explained to them. All patients who have given consent will do baseline SGPT (ALT), SGOT(AST) and Fibroscan of Liver Consenting Patients will be divided into 2 groups using simple randomization. Interventional product: Cap Silybin 140mg (each capsule contains Silymarin 140mg, which is the dried extract of Milk Thistle Fruit). Group 1: Cap placebo (Capsule visually identical to Cap Silybin 140mg containing an inert substance), One(1) Capsule to be taken orally, twice(2) daily for one(1) year. Group 2: Cap Silybin 140mg, One(1) Capsule to be taken orally, twice(2) daily for one(1) year. All patients will get appropriate diet and lifestyle modification advice. All patients will get appropriate treatment for comorbid diseases such as HTN, IHD, DM, Dyslipidemia or Hypothyroidism if any one or more are present, according to standard guidelines and protocols. CONDITION: Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease PRIMARY OUTCOME: Decrease in Fibroscan score of Liver (Kpa) [After 1(one) year of treatment]$$$ Decrease in SGOT (IU/L) [ After 1(one) year of treatment]$$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: SGOT/SGPT ratio [After 1(one) year of treatment]$$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: Fatty liver on ultrasonography of the hepatobilliary system ‐ Hepatocellular steatosis is the hallmark of NAFLD, and steatosis in more than 5% of hepatocytes is required for the diagnosis of NAFLD. Fatty liver is diagnosed based on the following ultrasound parameters$$$ parenchymal brightness, increased echogenicity of the liver parenchyma in comparison to the corte Xof the right kidney, deep beam attenuation, bright vessel walls, and gallbladder wall definition.
Effect of probiotic supplementation on gastrointestinal motility, inflammation, motor, non-motor symptoms and mental health in Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials$$$ BACKGROUND: Parkinson's disease (PD) is the second most common neurodegenerative disease worldwide. Gut dysbiosis is hypothesized to cause PD$$$ therefore, whether probiotics can be used as adjuvants in the treatment of PD is being actively investigated. AIMS: We performed a systematic review and meta‐analysis to evaluate the effectiveness of probiotic therapy in PD patients. METHODS: PUBMED/MEDLINE, EMBASE, Cochrane, Scopus, PsycINFO and Web of Science databases were searched till February 20, 2023. The meta‐analysis used a random effects model and the effect size was calculated as mean difference or standardized mean difference. We assessed the quality of the evidence using the Grade of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) approach. RESULTS: Eleven studies involving 840 participants were included in the final analysis. This meta‐analysis showed high‐quality evidence of improvement in Unified PD Rating Scale Part III motor scale (standardized mean difference [95% confidence interval]) (‐ 0.65 [‐ 1.11 to ‐ 0.19]), non‐motor symptom (‐ 0.81 [‐ 1.12 to ‐ 0.51]), and depression scale (‐ 0.70 [‐ 0.93 to ‐0.46]). Moderate to low quality evidence of significant improvement was observed in gastrointestinal motility (0.83 [0.45‐1.10]), quality of life (‐ 1.02 [‐ 1.66 to ‐ 0.37]), anxiety scale (‐ 0.72 [‐ 1.10 to ‐ 0.35]), serum inflammatory markers (‐ 5.98 [‐ 9.20 to ‐ 2.75]), and diabetes risk (‐ 3.46 [‐ 4.72 to ‐ 2.20]). However, there were no significant improvements in Bristol Stool Scale scores, constipation, antioxidant capacity, and risk of dyslipidemia. In a subgroup analysis, probiotic capsules improved gastrointestinal motility compared to fermented milk. CONCLUSION: Probiotic supplements may be suitable for improving the motor and non‐motor symptoms of PD and reducing depression. Further research is warranted to determine the mechanism of action of probiotics and to determine the optimal treatment protocol.
Preventive effects of multiple domain interventions on lifestyle and risk factor changes in stroke survivors: evidence from a two-year randomized trial$$$ Background and aim Behavioral and lifestyle interventions in stroke patients need to be intense enough to result in sustainable treatment differences among groups of a randomized trial. Therefore, we report the effects of multidomain interventions on lifestyle and laboratory parameters after 12 and 24 months from a trial that examined whether intensive risk factor management can prevent cognitive decline in ischemic stroke patients. Methods This prospective randomized, open‐label, blinded endpoint trial recruited patients within three months after acute stroke in five Austrian neurological clinics during June 2010 and November 2012. One hundred and one patients were randomized into multidomain intervention and 101 into standard care. Lifestyle interventions were individualized to match predefined targets of regular physical activity, healthy diet, and adequate physiological risk factor control. Results A total of 167 participants (80 intervention, 87 control) completed the 12‐month visit and 155 (76 intervention, 79 control) the 24‐month visit. During the first 12 months, adherence to healthy lifestyle and adequately controlled physiological parameters (measured by summary scores) improved significantly in the intervention group compared to controls (p < 0.01). The consumption of reduced‐fat milk (p = 0.031), reduced‐fat spreads (p = 0.007), and fish (p = 0.021) increased in the intervention group from baseline to 12 months but not in controls. After 24 months, the group difference was significant for the lifestyle summary score but no longer for the combined laboratory lifestyle score. Conclusions These results demonstrate that intensified individualized multidomain lifestyle interventions in stroke patients are effective in promoting healthy lifestyle in stroke care.
Nutraceutical blends predict enhanced health via microbiota reshaping improving cytokines and life quality: a Brazilian double-blind randomized trial$$$ Nutraceutical interventions supporting microbiota and eliciting clinical improvements in metabolic diseases have grown significantly. Chronic stress, gut dysbiosis, and metainflammation have emerged as key factors intertwined with sleep disorders, consequently exacerbating the decline in quality of life. This study aimed to assess the effects of two nutraceutical formulations containing prebiotics (fructooligosaccharides (FOS), galactooligosaccharides (GOS), yeast β‐glucans), minerals (Mg, Se, Zn), and the herbal medicine Silybum marianum L. Gaertn., Asteraceae (Milk thistle or Silymarin). These formulations, namely NSupple (without silymarin) and NSupple_Silybum (with silymarin) were tested over 180 days in overweight/obese volunteers from Brazil's southeastern region. We accessed fecal gut microbiota by partial 16S rRNA sequences$$$ cytokines expression by CBA$$$ anthropometrics, quality of life and sleep, as well as metabolic and hormonal parameters, at baseline (T0) and 180 days (T180) post‐supplementation. Results demonstrated gut microbiota reshaping at phyla, genera, and species level post‐supplementation. The Bacteroidetes phylum, Bacteroides, and Prevotella genera were positively modulated especially in the NSupple_Silybum group. Gut microbiota modulation was associated with improved sleep patterns, quality‐of‐life perception, cytokines expression, and anthropometric parameters post‐supplementation. Our findings suggest that the nutraceutical blends positively enhance cardiometabolic and inflammatory markers. Particularly, NSupple_Silybum modulated microbiota composition, underscoring its potential significance in ameliorating metabolic dysregulation. Clinical trial registry number: NCT04810572. 23/03/2021.
Effect of Bifidobacterium animalis ssp. lactis GCL2505 on visceral fat accumulation in healthy Japanese adults: a randomized controlled trial$$$ Bifidobacterium animalis ssp. lactis GCL2505 (B. lactis GCL2505) is able to survive passage through the intestine and then proliferate, leading to an increase in the amount of gut bifidobacteria. In the present study, we evaluated the impact of B. lactis GCL2505 on abdominal visceral fat storage in overweight and mildly obese Japanese adults. This clinical study was a double‐blind, randomized, placebo‐controlled, parallel‐group comparative trial performed for 12 weeks. Healthy Japanese subjects (N=137) with body mass indices ranging from 23 to 30 kg/m2 consumed either fermented milk containing B. lactis GCL2505 or a placebo every day, and then visceral and subcutaneous abdominal fat areas were measured by computed tomography as the primary endpoints. The number of fecal bifidobacteria was also measured. Visceral fat area, but not subcutaneous fat area, was significantly reduced from baseline at 8 and 12 weeks in the GCL2505 group, compared with the placebo group. The total number of fecal bifidobacteria was significantly increased in the GCL2505 group. These results indicate that B. lactis GCL2505 reduces abdominal visceral fat, a key factor associated with metabolic disorders. This finding suggests that this probiotic strain can potentially serve as a specific functional food to achieve visceral fat reduction in overweight or mildly obese individuals.
Fat saturation has no effect on glycaemic or satiety response to a high GI carbohydrate meal in healthy women$$$ Elevated dietary intake of processed, high glycaemic index (GI) carbohydrates is associated with an increased risk of developing chronic diseases such as type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, obesity and cancer(1,2). The postprandial glycaemic response (GR) to carbohydrate‐rich foods is determined by several factors including the digestibly of the starch, fibre content, and processing tech‐niques(3). The addition of fat to a high GI food, such as white bread, is known to lower the postprandial GR(4). The effect of fat type on postprandial response however is not clear. The purpose of this study was to determine whether a difference exists in the glycaemic and satiety responses to white bread meals following the addition of a saturated fat‐rich source (butter), monounsaturated fat‐rich source (olive oil), or polyunsaturated fat‐rich source (sunflower oil) in healthy females. In a three‐way cross over design, female subjects (n = 9) were randomised to the order in which they received the three test meals, each providing 50 g available carbohydrate. Blood glucose concentration and subjective satiety ratings were collected and used to determine the 2‐hour blood glucose response and 3‐hour satiety response to each meal. In addition, the glycaemic profile, a measure of postprandial blood glucose trajectory, was calculated. There was no significant difference (P > 0·05) between total incremental area under the GR curve (iAUC) following each test meal (113·0 ± 9·6, 150·2 ± 24·6, 126·3 ± 16·9 for butter, olive oil and sunflower oil meals respectively) using repeated measures ANOVA. After analysing the segmental iAUC for each meal it was found that olive oil induced a significantly higher GR than the other test fat sources for both 0‐90 minute and 0‐120 minute segments (P = 0·002 for both 0‐90 and 0‐120 minutes compared to butter, and P = 0·022 for both 0‐90 and 0‐120 minutes compared to sunflower oil). There was no significant difference observed between the glycaem‐ic profile in response to each meal (92·0 ± 3·3, 78·7 ± 8·9, 98·7 ± 10·2 min/mmol/L, P = 0·188 for butter, olive oil and sunflower oil respectively). Analysis of Visual Analogue Scales (VAS) highlighted that there were no significant differences (P > 0·05) for subjective ratings of hunger and fullness between the different meal conditions. In conclusion these findings suggest that there is no benefit in using unsaturated fats over saturated fats in lowering the glycaemic response or increasing postprandial satiety to a high GI food in healthy women.
Effects of specific CLA isomers on plasma fatty acid profile and expression of desaturases in humans$$$ Human studies suggest that CLA changes metabolism, possibly through effects on mRNA expression of desaturase and elongase enzymes. In this respect, differential effects of the two most common dietary CLA isomers, cis‐9,trans‐11 (c9,t11) and trans‐10,cis‐12 (t10,c12) CLA, have hardly been studied. We therefore gave 25 healthy, overweight men and women daily for 6 wk a drinkable dairy product containing 3 g of oil that was rich in oleic acid. For the next 18 wk, the control group (n = 7) continued to use this product, whereas the second (n = 9) and third groups (n = 9) received products with 3 g of purified c9,t11 CLA or t10,c12 CLA. For each gram of c9,t11 CLA consumed, the proportion in plasma phospholipids increased by 0.26%. For t10, c12 CLA, this value was 0.20%. The t10,c12 CLA isomer increased plasma TAG levels of conjugated 18:3, whereas c9,t11 CLA increased those of both conjugated 18:3 and 20:3. In plasma phospholipids, the delta9 desaturation index of 18:0 (18:1 n‐9/18:0) was decreased by t10,c12 CLA (P= 0.03 for diet effects), and the delta6 desaturation index [(18:3n‐6 + 20:3n‐6)/18:2n‐6] was decreased by both CLA isomers (P < 0.01 for diet effects). The delta5 desaturation index (20:4n‐6/20:3n‐6) and the delta9 desaturation index of 16:0 (16:1 n‐7/16:0) were not affected. No effects were seen on mRNA expression of desaturases and elongase in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC). We therefore conclude that incorporation of c9,t11 and t10,c12 CLA into plasma lipids reflects dietary intakes. Compared with oleic acid, delta9 and delta6 desaturation indices in plasma phospholipids are decreased after consumption of c9,t11 or t10,c12 CLA. Effects on desaturation indices were, however, not reflected by changes at the transcriptional level for the various desaturases and elongase enzymes in PBMC.
Saturated and monounsaturated fats in patients with insulin-dependent diabetes. Different effects on blood glucose and insulin response in NIDDM$$$ To compare the metabolic effect of co‐ingestion of saturated and monounsaturated fat with potato, 12 NIDDM subjects received 300 g mashed potato alone or in combination with 40 g olive oil, 50 g butter or 100 g butter, respectively. Blood glucose response area to potatoes with 100 g butter (448 +/‐ 68 mmol/L x 240 min) was significantly lower than to the four other meals: 596 +/‐ 63 (potato alone), 649 +/‐ 82 (potato + 40 g olive oil), 587 +/‐ 80 (potato + 50 g butter), and 604 +/‐ 81 (potato + 80 g olive oil) mmol/L x 240 min, p < 0.05, respectively. The insulin response was significantly increased by adding 50 g and 100 g butter, whereas no effect after addition of 40 g and 80 g olive oil was found. The free fatty acid (FFA) level was higher when 100 g butter was added to the potato meal than without (0.67 +/‐ 0.05 vs 0.48 +/‐ 0.07 mmol/L, p < 0.05). The triglyceride response increased dose‐dependently with the fat content of the meals irrespective of the type of fat. In conclusion butter increases the insulin response in patients with NIDDM more than olive oil, and large amounts also increase FFA and triglyceride levels.
Effects of different protein sources on plasminogen inhibitor-1 and factor VII coagulant activity added to a fat-rich meal in type 2 diabetes$$$ BACKGROUND: Exaggerated postprandial triglyceride concentration is believed to be atherogenic, and to influence the risk of thrombosis. Both elevated plasminogen inhibitor 1 (PAI‐1) and increased factor VII coagulant activity (FVIIc) are potential important contributors to the increased risk of cardiovascular disease in type 2 diabetes. AIM: We aimed to investigate the effect of adding four different protein types (i.e. casein, whey, cod, and gluten) to a fat‐rich meal on postprandial responses of PAI‐1 and FVIIc in type 2 diabetic patients. METHODS: Twelve type 2 diabetic patients ingested four isocaloric test meals in random order. The test meals contained 100 g of butter and 45 g of carbohydrate in combination with 45 g of casein (Cas‐meal), whey (Whe‐meal), cod (Cod‐meal), or gluten (Glu‐meal), respectively. Plasma concentrations of PAI‐1 and FVIIc were measured before meal, and at regular intervals for 8‐h postprandially. RESULTS: The postprandial PAI‐1 concentration decreased significantly by 49% to 56% in response to the four test meals. There were no significant differences between the outcomes from the four test‐meals. The FVIIc levels decreased by 8% to 11% after the meals. Again, we observed no significant differences in outcomes between the four protein‐enriched meals. CONCLUSIONS: The four proteins casein, whey, cod, and gluten, added to a fat‐rich meal, all decreased the PAI‐1 and FVIIc concentrations postprandially in type 2 diabetic subjects. However, postprandial levels of PAI‐1 and FVIIc were not acutely influenced by the protein source.
Predictors of breastfeeding cessation among HIV-infected women in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania$$$ This paper examines predictors of breastfeeding cessation among a cohort of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)‐infected women. This was a prospective follow‐up study of HIV‐infected women who participated in a randomized micronutrient supplementation trial conducted in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania. 795 HIV‐infected Tanzanian women with singleton newborns were utilized from the cohort for this analysis. The proportion of women breastfeeding declined from 95% at 12 months to 11% at 24 months. The multivariate analysis showed breastfeeding cessation was significantly associated with increasing calendar year of delivery from 1995 to 1997 [risk ratio (RR), 1.36$$$ 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.13‐1.63], having a new pregnancy (RR 1.33$$$ 95% CI 1.10‐1.61), overweight [body mass index (BMI) ≥25 kg m(‐2) $$$ RR 1.37$$$ 95% CI 1.07‐1.75], underweight (BMI <18.5kg m(‐2) $$$ RR 1.29$$$ 95% CI 1.00‐1.65), introduction of cow's milk at infant's age of 4 months (RR 1.30$$$ 95% CI 1.04‐1.63). Material and social support was associated with decreased likelihood of cessation (RR 0.83$$$ 95% CI 0.68‐1.02). Demographic, health and nutritional factors among women and infants are associated with decisions by HIV‐infected women to cease breastfeeding. The impact of breastfeeding counselling programs for HIV‐infected African women should consider individual maternal, social and health contexts.
The effect of plant stanol ester consumption on the vaccination response to a COVID-19 vaccine$$$ INTERVENTION: The intervention group will receive mini drinks (100 mL) containing 2g plant stanols each (present as plant stanol esters esterified to rapeseed oil) and are required to take two drinks daily in order to reach a required dose of 4g plant stanols per day. The control group will receive control mini drinks containing rapeseed oil without plant stanols esterified to it and are also required to take two drinks per day. Both drinks are oat‐milk based and blueberry flavored. CONDITION: $$$ obesity $$$ Overweight 10013317 PRIMARY OUTCOME: The main study endpoint is vaccination response to a COVID‐19 vaccine. $$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary endpoints include amongst others hematological, inflammatory and $$$ immunological parameters (e.g. hs‐CRP, leukocyte differential count) and $$$ metabolic markers (e.g. blood lipid profiles, plasma glucose, serum insulin, $$$ HOMA‐IR). $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: Men and women, 18 years or older, BMI 27‐35 kg/m2, not using products with added plant sterols or plant stanols, willing to abstain from products with added plant sterols or plant stanols during study, willing to keep intake of fish oil and vitamin supplements constant during study
Cardiometabolic and immunological impacts of extra virgin olive oil consumption in overweight and obese older adults: a randomized controlled trial$$$ Both aging and obesity are related to dysregulated immune function and increased risk of infection and chronic non‐infectious diseases. Dietary lipids are known to impact immune responses and cardiometabolic risk factors. We determined effect of replacing oils used in a typical American diet with extra virgin olive oil (EVOO) for 3 mo on immune and inflammatory responses and cardiometabolic risk factors in overweight and obese older adults. Forty‐one participants (aged 65) who consumed a typical American diet were randomized into the control (CON, n=21) group to consume a mixture of corn, soybean oil and butter, and the olive oil (OO, n=20) group to consume EVOO to replace substitutable oils in their diet. At baseline and 3 mo, we measured cardiometabolic, and in vivo and ex vivo immunologic parameters. Compared to the CON group, the OO group showed decreased systolic blood pressure (P < 0.05), a strong trend toward increased plasma HDL‐C concentrations (P = 0.06), and increased T cell proliferative response (P < 0.05). No differences were found in T cell phenotype, cytokine production, and delayed‐type hypersensitivity skin response between the two groups. Our results indicate that substitution of oils used in a typical American diet with EVOO in overweight and obese older adults may have cardiometabolic and immunological health benefits.
A daily glass of red wine and lifestyle changes do not affect arterial blood pressure and heart rate in patients with carotid arteriosclerosis after 4 and 20 weeks$$$ BACKGROUND: Regular consumption of small amounts of red wine improves blood lipids. However, there is concern whether this beneficial effect might be counterbalanced by an increase in blood pressure (BP) and heart rate (HR), which are risk factors for cerebro‐cardiovascular disease. In particular, we studied whether regular consumption of red wine with and without lifestyle changes (LC$$$ healthy diet and physical activity advice) results in an increase in BP and HR. METHODS: A prospective, unblinded randomized trial was performed in 108 patients (67% men) with carotid atherosclerosis documented by ultrasound, a mean BP of 122/79 mm Hg and a mean HR of 71 bpm at inclusion in the study. Sixty‐eight percent were known and treated hypertensives. The mean 24‐hour BP at baseline was 122/79 mm Hg. Half of the study participants, the control group, was seen by a nurse at baseline, after 4 and after 20 weeks, and was instructed not to change their eating and physical activity habits. In the other half, a dietician performed five sessions of 30 min each (at baseline, after 1 week and after 2, 3 and 4 weeks) giving advice on healthy eating based on a Mediterranean diet and physical exercise. The recommendations given were the following: 5 portions of fruit/vegetables per day, a diet low in absolute fat, a preference of vegetable oil (olive or rapeseed oil), whole‐grain products, poultry, low‐fat dairy products, 1 fat and 1 lean fish meal per week, reduced consumption of red meat, and avoidance of pork, ready‐made meals, sugar and excessive salt intake. In addition, regular consumption of 1 bar of dark chocolate (25 g, >70% of cacao), 1‐2 tomatoes, and 3‐5 walnuts as well as at least 30 min of moderate daily physical activity were recommended. Within these two groups, half of the patients were randomized either to avoid alcohol completely or to drink 100 ml (women) or 200 ml of red wine (men) daily. RESULTS: Neither LC nor red wine had an effect on the mean systolic and diastolic 24‐hour BP and HR after 4 and 20 weeks, as analyzed by general linear modeling. No difference was found for diurnal and nocturnal values. CONCLUSIONS: The possible beneficial effect of regular consumption of small amounts of red wine is not counterbalanced in the long term by an increase in the mean BP or HR in mainly normotensive and well‐treated hypertensive patients with carotid atherosclerosis, neither in the patients given healthy lifestyle advice nor in those with a standard lifestyle. Yet, we remain cautious about actively advice patients to drink alcohol regularly given the well‐known risks.
The association of sleep with metabolic pathways and metabolites: evidence from the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH)-Sodium Feeding Study$$$ Background Sleep is increasingly being viewed as an important determinant of health, and appears to be associated with cardiovascular disease, diabetes and several site‐specific cancers. Few epidemiologic studies have used data from a feeding study to explore the impact of sleep habits up on metabolomic profile. Methods The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH)‐Sodium feeding trial randomized individuals to either the DASH (low fat, high protein, low‐fat dairy and high fruits and vegetables) or control diet (12 weeks) and three levels of sodium intake (30 days each). In a subgroup of 97 participants, we measured the levels of 531 metabolites in serial fasting plasma samples at two time points using liquid chromatography and gas chromatography mass spectrometry. We then assessed the association between each metabolite and sleep using a linear random effects model adjusted for age, sex, race, dietary pattern and sodium level. The resulting p‐values were combined using Fisher's method to estimate the association with 38 metabolic pathways. Data about sleep were collected at the end of two dietary intervention phases. Participants recorded times for going‐to‐sleep and waking while wearing 24‐hour ambulatory blood pressure monitors. From this we produced two sleep variables‐sleep mid‐point (the median time between going to sleep and waking) and sleep duration. We undertook further analysis to explore the associations between bedtime, wake‐time and metabolic pathways and metabolites. Results Nineteen pathways were significantly associated (p <0.05) with sleep mid‐point, but only the γ‐glutamyl amino acid metabolism pathway was associated with sleep mid‐point and wake‐time at Bonferroni‐corrected threshold of 0.0013 (7 individual peptide metabolites contributed and showed positive associations). Fifty‐six metabolites were associated with sleep mid‐point (FDR<0.20), although none of them reached Bonferroni‐corrected significance (p‐value <10‐5). Notable top metabolites (pathways given in brackets) associated with sleep mid‐point and wake‐time were CMPF (fatty acid, decarboxylate), erythrulose (an advanced glycation end‐product), isovalerate (fatty acid metabolism) and HWESASXX (polypeptide). Neither sleep duration nor bedtime were associated with metabolite pathways or metabolites and there was no significant interaction between sex, race, BMI or dietary intervention and sleep. Conclusion Wthin our study we found multiple metabolites associated with sleep timing. In particular, the γ‐glutamyl pathway metabolites were associated with sleep mid‐point and wake‐time. These metabolites are formed using the enzyme γ‐glutamyltransferase (GGT), which is expressed in response to oxidative stress and glutathione synthesis‐a process that may play a role in carcinogenesis, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease.
Almond ingestion at mealtime reduces postprandial glycemia and chronic ingestion reduces hemoglobin A(1c) in individuals with well-controlled type 2 diabetes mellitus$$$ Cohort studies are equivocal regarding a relationship between regular nut consumption and reduced risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus. Although acute trials show reductions in postprandial glycemia in healthy individuals ingesting 60 to 90 g almonds, trials have not been conducted using a single serving of almonds (28 g) in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus. This randomized crossover trial examined the impact of one serving of almonds at mealtime on postprandial glycemia, insulinemia, and plasma glucagon‐like peptide‐1 in healthy individuals and individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus. On 2 occasions separated by at least 1 week, 19 adults (including 7 adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus) consumed a standardized evening meal and fasted overnight before ingesting the test meal (bagel, juice, and butter) with or without almonds. A small pilot study (6‐7 subjects per group) was also conducted to observe whether chronic almond ingestion (1 serving 5 d/wk for 12 weeks) lowered hemoglobin A(1c) in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus. A standard serving of almonds reduced postprandial glycemia significantly in participants with diabetes (‐30%, P = .043) but did not influence glycemia in participants without diabetes (‐7%, P = .638). Insulinemia and glucagon‐like peptide‐1 at 30 minutes postmeal were not impacted by almond ingestion for either group. In the pilot study, regular almond ingestion for 12 weeks reduced hemoglobin A(1c) by 4% (P = .045 for interaction) but did not influence fasting glucose concentrations. These data show that modest almond consumption favorably improves both short‐term and long‐term markers of glucose control in individuals with uncomplicated type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Study to find out if restricting raw fruits in patients with blood cancer can reduce infections$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Restricted diet group: Patient will consume a balanced diet containing only completely cooked freshly prepared food. All raw food (fruit, vegetables, dairy products, eggs, meat and other food products) will not be consumed. This group will be called the restricted diet group. Control Intervention1: Regular diet group: Patients will eat a regular balanced diet and in addition will receive at least one serving of seasonal peeled raw fruit daily. This group will be called the regular diet group. CONDITION: Patients with acute lymphoblastic leukemia or acute myeloid leukemia PRIMARY OUTCOME: To compare the incidence of infectious episodes and fever between the restricted diet and regular diet group.‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Patients will be censored in the trial at the following instances $$$ 1. Completion of induction chemotherapy and discharge from hospital or day 40 of induction chemotherapy, whichever is earlier. $$$ 2. Death occurring within 40 days of starting induction chemotherapy. $$$ 3. Patient withdraws from the trial. $$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: To assess the prevalence of multi drug resistance (MDR) bacteria in stool culture at admission and on day 15 of induction and correlate with blood culture positivity. To assess the impact of restricted diet vs regular diet on stool microbial flora in patients undergoing induction chemotherapy for acute leukemia. $$$ ‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Patients will be censored in the trial at the following instances $$$ 1. Completion of induction chemotherapy and discharge from hospital or day 40 of induction chemotherapy, whichever is earlier. $$$ 2. Death occurring within 40 days of starting induction chemotherapy. $$$ 3. Patient withdraws from the trial. $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Patients 1 year to 60 years of age 2. Diagnosed with either acute myeloid leukemia (AML) or acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) 3. Patient should be able to consume normal diet orally 4. No evidence of infection at the time of randomization (clinically, radiologically or microbiologically) 5. In case of age less than 18 years, parent/guardian (legally authorized representative) agrees to the patientâ??s participation as indicated by parent/legal guardian signature on the informed consent form. 6. Signed informed consent in patients more than 18 years of age 7. Patient is scheduled to receive induction chemotherapy for ALL or AML as per the protocol with curative intent. 8. Patient >10 years of age has a Karnofsky score â?¥60$$$ patient â?¤10 years of age has a Lansky Play Performance score â?¥60.
Effect of Ayurvedic therapy on Gall bladder cancer patients$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Group B: 1‐BRUHAT LOKANATH RAS Dose ‐ 250mg twice a day with Honey. Duration ‐ 2 Months. Mode of admistration‐ Oral 2‐MAHASHANKHVATI Dose ‐ 250 mg twice a day with water after meals. Duration ‐ 2 Months. Mode of admistration‐ Oral 3‐DRAKSHAVLEHA Dose :‐ 6 gm twice a day with Milk. Duration‐ 2 months Mode of admistration‐ Oral Control Intervention1: Group A: Patients having associated signs and symptoms of carcinoma Gall bladder following Conventional anti‐cancer therapy (including either Surgery, Radiotherapy or Chemotherapy), will be administered Modern medicine will closely be monitored by research scholar under the supervision of Onco‐Surgeon. CONDITION: Health Condition 1: K828‐ Other specified diseases of gallbladder PRIMARY OUTCOME: To evaluate the efficacy of ayurvedic medicine on associated signs and symptoms of carcinoma Gall bladder following conventional anti‐cancer therapy.Timepoint: 2 months SECONDARY OUTCOME: To evaluate the QOL of the studied patient of carcinoma gall bladder following conventional anti‐cancer therapy.Timepoint: 2 months INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients presenting with clinical features of Carcinoma gallbladder in biopsy/CECT Abdomen. Patients willing to sign the consent forms.
Immunomodulatory effects of silymarin in patients with β-thalassemia major$$$ OBJECTIVE: Silymarin, a flavonolignan complex isolated from milk thistle, is a cytoprotective, antioxidant, and hepatoprotective agent. The present study was designed to investigate the immunomodulatory effects of orally administered silymarin in patients with β‐thalassemia major. METHODS: The immunomodulatory effects of silymarin were investigated in a 12‐week clinical trial in two groups of patients. In combined therapy group (n=25), patients continued desferrioxamine at the dose of 40mg/kg/day and Legalon® tablets (420mg daily) were added to desferrioxamine. In silymarin group (n=5), patients who were unable or unwilling to use desferrioxamine received only silymarin. Immunological tests were assessed at the beginning and the end of the trial. RESULTS: No differences were detected between treatment groups regarding the percentage of lymphocyte subsets, concentration of serum immunoglobulins, complement levels, or T cell proliferation in vitro. Serum tumor necrosis factor (TNF‐α) levels were significantly decreased in both groups, whereas the serum levels of neopterin significantly decreased in both groups after silymarin therapy. The analysis of cell culture supernatants of activated T cells showed increased production of interferon gamma (IFNγ) and interleukin (IL)‐4 after silymarin treatment in both groups. CONCLUSION: Silymarin stimulates cell‐mediated immune response in β‐thalassemia major, possibly through a direct action on cytokine‐producing mononuclear cells. Because of its immunostimulatory, antioxidant, and iron‐chelating activities, silymarin could be a good candidate in the therapy of chronic iron overload in combination with routine iron chelators in clinical use like desferrioxamine.
Immunomodulatory effects of silymarin in patients with β-thalassemia major$$$ OBJECTIVE: Silymarin, a flavonolignan complex isolated from milk thistle, is a cytoprotective, antioxidant, and hepatoprotective agent. The present study was designed to investigate the immunomodulatory effects of orally administered silymarin in patients with β‐thalassemia major. METHODS: The immunomodulatory effects of silymarin were investigated in a 12‐week clinical trial in two groups of patients. In combined therapy group (n=25), patients continued desferrioxamine at the dose of 40mg/kg/day and Legalon® tablets (420mg daily) were added to desferrioxamine. In silymarin group (n=5), patients who were unable or unwilling to use desferrioxamine received only silymarin. Immunological tests were assessed at the beginning and the end of the trial. RESULTS: No differences were detected between treatment groups regarding the percentage of lymphocyte subsets, concentration of serum immunoglobulins, complement levels, or T cell proliferation in vitro. Serum tumor necrosis factor (TNF‐α) levels were significantly decreased in both groups, whereas the serum levels of neopterin significantly decreased in both groups after silymarin therapy. The analysis of cell culture supernatants of activated T cells showed increased production of interferon gamma (IFNγ) and interleukin (IL)‐4 after silymarin treatment in both groups. CONCLUSION: Silymarin stimulates cell‐mediated immune response in β‐thalassemia major, possibly through a direct action on cytokine‐producing mononuclear cells. Because of its immunostimulatory, antioxidant, and iron‐chelating activities, silymarin could be a good candidate in the therapy of chronic iron overload in combination with routine iron chelators in clinical use like desferrioxamine.
Sleep SAAF responsive parenting intervention improves mothers' feeding practices: a randomized controlled trial among African American mother-infant dyads$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVE: Parents shape children's early experiences with food, influencing what is served, children's food choices, and how much children eat. Responsive parenting (RP) interventions such as INSIGHT have improved maternal infant feeding practices, but have only been tested among predominantly White families. This secondary analysis of data from the Sleep SAAF (Strong African American Families) RCT tests the effects of an RP intervention designed to prevent rapid infant weight gain on African American mothers' infant feeding practices. METHODS: Primiparous African American mother‐infant dyads (n = 194) were randomized to an RP or safety control intervention delivered by community research associates at infant age 3 and 8 weeks. At 16 weeks, mothers completed the Babies Need Feeding questionnaire, the Infant Feeding Styles Questionnaire, and the Babies Need Soothing questionnaire. Logistic regression and general linear models examined the effect of study group on infant feeding practices. Moderation analyses explored whether effects varied by feeding mode (any breast milk versus exclusive formula), maternal age (≥ 20 years versus < 20 years), and maternal pre‐pregnancy BMI (with obesity versus not). RESULTS: RP mothers reported more responsive feeding (p = 0.005, partial η2 = 0.02), lower likelihood of using beverages other than breast milk/formula to soothe their infant (p = 0.01, OR = 0.42, 95% CI [0.2‐0.8]), and less pressure with cereal than control mothers (p = 0.09, partial η2 = 0.02). RP mothers also reported less pressure to finish/soothe than controls (p = 0.007, partial η2 = 0.04)$$$ feeding mode (B = 0.74, p = 0.003) and maternal age (B = 0.53, p = 0.04) moderated this effect. There were no significant group differences in bottle‐feeding practices (e.g., adding cereal to bottle, using an appropriate nipple/bottle size), or in context‐based or emotion‐based food to soothe. CONCLUSIONS: Responsive parenting education influenced some feeding practices of African American mothers. Mothers reported using less pressure, a control‐based feeding practice, and more responsive feeding than controls. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Sleep SAAF: A Strong African American Families Study. www. CLINICALTRIALS: gov NCT03505203. Registered 3 April 2018.
Impact of an Online Grocery Shopping Intervention in ChildrenWith Obesity Assessed Through a Novel Dietary DNA Biomarker Method$$$ Objectives: We conducted a pilot, randomized clinical trial to assess the impact of a nutritionist‐guided online grocery shopping dietary intervention for improving dietary quality in children with obesity and verify intervention impact through a novel and objective dietary DNA biomarker approach. Methods: Participants (n=33, age=6–11 yrs) were recruited from the Healthy Lifestyles Clinic (HLC) at Duke University Hospital and randomized to either a standard dietary intervention at HLC (HI) or delivery‐based dietary intervention (DI) for a 4‐week period. HI consisted of dietary and behavioral counseling weekly at the HLC while DI involved weekly deliveries of groceries purchased online by participants’ parents in collaboration with a nutritionist. The primary endpoint was a change in child dietary quality, as measured by the NHANES Dietary Screener Questionnaire (DSQ), between the HI and DI groups. A novel DNA biomarker method was used for objective tracking of dietary plant composition on a weekly basis. Dietary patterns revealed by DNA biomarker were further compared to another pediatric‐adolescent obesity cohort (PA‐Ob, n=318, age=10–18 yrs) to assess clinical impact. Results: The DI group showed a statistically significant increase in the DSQ wholegrain score (B=0.20, 95% CI [0.05, 0.34], p=0.013), decrease in the DSQ dairy score (B=−1.31, 95% CI [−2.02, −0.60], p=0.001), and non‐significant increase in the DSQ fruits and vegetables but no French fries score (B=0.38, 95% CI [0.00, 0.76], p=0.062). DNA biomarker dietary tracking replicated these findings with the DI group demonstrating a significant increase in fruits and vegetables species and decrease in plant species likely to be processed (F=1.51, R2=0.018, p=0.017). The HI group did not show any significant dietary pattern shift. Comparing DNA biomarker dietary patterns to the PA‐Ob cohort showed a statistically significant separation for DI but not for HI. Conclusions: Our results demonstrated the impact of a delivery‐based dietary intervention over standard of care for improving dietary quality in children with obesity. Our results were further demonstrated to be robust to potential limitations of the dietary‐survey assessment or a positive response bias using a novel dietary DNA biomarker approach. Funding Sources: Duke Microbiome Center, NIH, Burroughs Wellcome Fund, Chan‐Zuckerburg Initiative.
Adherence to DASH dietary pattern and this effect on postpartum weight retention, at primary health care, in Manguinhos - Rio de Janeiro, RJ$$$ INTERVENTION: Behavioural C23.888.144.243.963 E05.318.308.980.485 G02.111.097 G07.203.650.240 G07.203.650.650 The intervention consists of 4 individual dietary counseling, monthly, for qualitative guidance based on DASH dietary pattern, rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains and low fat dairy products and low in saturated fats, cholesterol, sugar and salt. Virtual messages will be sent using technology devices, strengthening the proposed guidelines and encouraging the adoption of a healthy lifestyle. DASH diet is already recommended as a healthy dietary pattern by several brazilian technical‐scientific organizations, such as Sociedade Brasileira de Cardiologia (SBC), Sociedade Brasileira de Diabetes (SBD) e Associação Brasileira para o Estudo da Obesidade e da Síndrome Metabólica (ABESO), in addition to other international ones, due to its various benefits related not only to weight control, but also to metabolic aspects. Anthropometric assessment will be held in all appointments, measuring weight, height, waist circumference and body composition by bioelectrical impedance, as well as the measurement of blood pressure. Biochemical evaluation will be performed at the beginning and end of the study, through the complete blood count, fasting glucose and lipid profile. The intervention will take 3 months (12 weeks). CONDITION: G07.700.320.249.314.120.250 G08.686.702 N01.400.900 Women who have postpartum weight retention. Women's Health, Postpartum Period, Body Weight Maintenance. $$$ N01.400.900 $$$ G08.686.702 $$$ G07.700.320.249.314.120.250 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Postpartum weight retention, verified by body weight, based on the finding of a decrease in pre and post intervention measurements.$$$ Adherence to the diet, verified by the evaluation of food consumption. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Body mass index, verified by means of the calculation weight / height², from the verification of its variation in the pre and post intervention measurements. $$$ Waist circumference, verified by means of an inextensible tape measure, from the observation of variation of this in the pre and post intervention measurements. $$$ Body composition, verified by means of bioelectrical bioimpedance, from the verification of body fat percentage variation in the pre and post intervention measurements. $$$ Fasting glycemia, verified by means of laboratory tests, from the observation of variation in the pre and post intervention serum levels. $$$ Lipidogram (total cholesterol and fractions and triglycerides), verified by means of laboratory tests, from the observation of variation in the pre and post intervention serum levels. $$$ Systolic and diastolic blood pressure, verified by blood pressure monitor, from the observation of variation in the pre and post intervention measurements. $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: Women$$$ in the period 06‐09 months postpartum$$$ who have any weight retention$$$ >18 years old$$$ single fetus pregnancy$$$ infant alive$$$ without chronic diseases diagnosis (except obesity).
Screen time is associated with lower Healthy Eating Index (HEI)-2010 total score in low-income hispanic pregnant women in the starting early study$$$ Background: Sedentary behaviors, including screen time (i.e., time spent using televisions, computers, and smart phones), are associated with unhealthy dietary behaviors and obesity. However, it remains unknown how screen time and dietary habits are related during pregnancy, a critical period known to impact both maternal and child health outcomes. Objective: To examine dietary quality and screen time in low‐income Hispanic pregnant women, known to be at high risk of obesity. Methods: Cross‐sectional analysis of baseline data from the Starting Early study, a randomized controlled trial beginning in third trimester of pregnancy to prevent childhood obesity. Independent variable: screen time (ST) categorized as low (≤2 hr/d), moderate (>2 to ≤4 hr/d), or high (>4 hr/d). Dependent variable: diet quality assessed using the Block 2005 Bilingual Food Frequency Questionnaire, and the Healthy Eating Index (HEI)‐2010. One‐way analysis of variance (ANOVA) and post‐hoc analyses were used to determine associations between screen time and HEI‐2010 total score. Results: Women (N=482) did not differ in mean body mass index, but women with low and moderate ST were older than those with high ST (p<0.001). The mean HEI‐2010 total score was 72.3 ± 7.9 for low ST, 69.0 ± 9.3 for moderate ST, and 66.2 ± 10.1 for high ST (p<0.001). Low ST had higher mean empty calorie (p<0.001) and vegetable (p<0.001) scores than moderate and high ST. Low and moderate ST had lower mean daily energy intake (p=0.004) and higher mean whole fruit (p=0.003), greens and beans (p<0.001), and dairy (p=0.002) scores than high ST. Conclusion: Less screen time was associated with better diet quality and lower intake of empty calories. High screen time was associated with greater energy intake and lower intake of foods recommended by the Dietary Guidelines for Americans, 2010. Interventions are needed to reduce screen time and increase intake of nutrient‐dense foods among low‐income Hispanic women during pregnancy.
Correlates of Prenatal Diet Quality in Low-Income Hispanic Women$$$ BACKGROUND: Low‐income Hispanic women are at‐risk of poor prenatal diet quality. Correlates associated with prenatal diet quality in this group of women are understudied. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to examine the associations between financial, cultural, psychosocial, and lifestyle correlates and prenatal diet quality in low‐income Hispanic women. DESIGN: This cross‐sectional analysis used data from pregnant women enrolled in the Starting Early Trial, a randomized‐controlled trial of a primary‐care based child obesity prevention program beginning in pregnancy. The trial enrolled women from clinics affiliated with a large urban medical center in New York City from 2012 to 2014. Financial, cultural, psychosocial, and lifestyle variables were collected using a comprehensive baseline questionnaire. Usual dietary intakes over the past year were assessed using the Block Food Frequency Questionnaire 2005 bilingual version. PARTICIPANTS: The study enrolled low‐income Hispanic women between 28 and 32 gestational weeks (N=519). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Prenatal diet quality was measured by the Healthy Eating Index 2015. STATISTICAL ANALYSES PERFORMED: Unadjusted and adjusted multivariable linear regression analyses were performed to determine independent associations between financial, cultural, psychosocial, and lifestyle correlates and Healthy Eating Index 2015 total score. RESULTS: Overall prenatal diet quality was poor (mean Healthy Eating Index 2015 total score=69.0±9.4). Most women did not meet the maximum score for total vegetables (65.3%), whole grains (97.1%), dairy (74.8%), fatty acids (84.4%), refined grains (79.8%), sodium (97.5%), saturated fats (92.9%), and added sugars (66.5%). Women who reported screen time ≤2 hours/day, physical activity before and/or during pregnancy, and being born outside the United States had higher mean Healthy Eating Index 2015 total score than women with screen time >2 hours/day, no physical activity, and those born in the United States. CONCLUSIONS: Prenatal diet quality of low‐income pregnant Hispanic women was suboptimal. This cross‐sectional study revealed associations between cultural and lifestyle factors and prenatal diet quality in low‐income Hispanic women. Longitudinal studies are needed to determine long‐term influences and specific behaviors to target for effective intervention studies.
Diet quality following meal replacement vs food-based weight loss diets in postmenopausal women with obesity: a secondary analysis of TheTEMPO Diet Trial$$$ INTRODUCTION: Severely energy‐restricted diets, which typically involve replacing food with meal replacement products, are the most effective dietary treatment for obesity. However, there are concerns that meal replacement weight loss diets may fail to educate individuals to self‐select a healthy food‐based diet after weight loss. This study compares diet quality following meal replacement vs foodbased weight loss diets. METHODS: This is a secondary analysis of the TEMPO Diet Trial, where 101 postmenopausal women with a mean (SD) age of 58.0 (4.2) years and body mass index of 34.4 (2.5) kg/m2 were randomised to either a moderately energy‐restricted food‐based diet modelled on the Australian Guide to Healthy Eating (AGHE) for 12 months or a severely energy‐restricted total meal replacement diet utilising 3‐4 meal replacement products per day for 4 months, followed by the food‐based diet until 12 months. At baseline (0 months) and 12 months, participants were weighed and completed 7‐day estimated food diaries, which were assessed against the Healthy Eating Index for Australians (HEIFA). The HEIFA has a score from 0 to 100, with greater scores indicating greater adherence to the AGHE. Data were analysed using independent sample t‐tests and the Mann‐ Whitney U test. RESULTS: At baseline, there were no significant differences between groups in any variables. At 12 months, women in the severe intervention had lost 1.8 times as much weight as women in the moderate intervention (15.5 (6.0) vs 8.8 (6.9) kg, p = <.0005). However, the HEIFA score at 12 months was significantly lower in women in the severe intervention compared to the moderate intervention (55.9 (13.8) vs 62.1 (13.8), p = .005), with the improvement from baseline being less in the severe vs the moderate group: 3.4 (10.8) vs 11.6 (14.4). The lower HEIFA score in the severe group was attributable to two factors: a lower fruit score (25% less serves and 12% less variety than the moderate group), and an 18% greater intake of discretionary foods, with no significant differences between groups in scores for meat, vegetables, dairy, grains, saturated fats, polyunsaturated fats, sodium, sugar or alcohol. CONCLUSION: Severe energy restriction with a meal replacement diet is more effective than moderate energy restriction with a food‐based diet in reducing weight, however, upon completion of the meal replacement diet, the importance of adequate intake and variety of fruit should be monitored and emphasized, possibly as an alternative to discretionary foods.
Effect of ideal protein versus low-fat diet for weight loss: a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Current guidelines call for peer‐reviewed evidence of efficacy and safety for commercial weight loss programs to be recommended as options for those seeking to lose weight. Objectives: This study investigated the Ideal Protein (IP) system, a commercial weight loss program, compared to a guideline‐based, low‐calorie/low‐fat (LCLF) dietary behavioral intervention on body weight and CVD risk factors in adults with obesity. Methods: In this randomized, assessor‐blinded, parallel‐group trial, 192 participants with body mass index (BMI) ≥30 and ≤49 kg/m2 were assigned to either the IP Phase I diet or LFLC diet interventions. The IP Phase I is focused on lean protein and vegetables with avoidance of fruit and dairy, while the LFLC diet goals include <30% of daily energy from fat, <7% from saturated fat, 55% from carbohydrate, and an energy deficit of 500 kcal/day. The primary endpoint was change in body weight at 3 months. Secondary endpoints included change in waist circumference (WC), hip circumference (HC), total cholesterol (TC), low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL‐C) and high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL‐C), triglycerides (TG), fasting glucose (FG), systolic blood pressure (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP). Results: The mean ± SD of change in weight at 3 months was −9.6 ± 12.7 kg in the IP group as compared to −1.6 ± 27.2 kg in the LFLC group. The mean between‐group difference in change at 3 months was −8.1 kg (95% confidence interval [CI] −16.6 to 0.6$$$ p = 0.05). Additional significant between‐group differences included WC, HC, TC, and TG levels, all favoring the IP group. There were no serious adverse events during the intervention period. Conclusions: The present findings demonstrate the efficacy and safety of the IP weight loss program as compared to a guideline‐based LCLF dietary behavioral intervention among black and white adults with obesity and CVD risk factors, providing support for the effectiveness of the program.
Effects of early high nutrition related to metabolic imprinting events on growth, carcass characteristics, and meat quality of grass-fed Wagyu (Japanese Black cattle)$$$ The study was conducted to clarify how early high plane of nutrition related to metabolic imprinting affected growth, carcass characteristics, and meat quality of grass‐fed Wagyu (Japanese Black cattle). Wagyu steers were allocated randomly into 2 dietary groups: (1) steers fed milk replacer (crude protein 26.0%, crude fat 25.5%$$$ maximum intake 0.6 kg/d) until 3 mo of age and then fed roughage (orchard grass hay) ad libitum from 4 to 10 mo of age (roughage group, RG$$$ n = 11)$$$ (2) steers fed milk replacer (maximum intake of 1.8 kg/d) until 3 mo of age and then fed a high‐concentrate diet from 4 to 10 mo of age (early high nutrition, EHN$$$ n = 12). After 11 mo of age, all steers were fed roughage ad libitum until 31 mo of age and then slaughtered. Growth performance, carcass traits, longissimus muscle (LM) meat quality and intramuscular fat (IMF) content, plasma insulin‐like growth factor I (IGF‐I) concentration, and bone mineral density were measured. Body weight was greater in EHN steers (571 kg) than RG steers (520 kg$$$ P < 0.01). Plasma IGF‐I levels were higher in EHN steers than in RG steers at 3, 10, and 14 mo of age (P < 0.01, P < 0.005, P < 0.001, respectively)$$$ however, plasma IGF‐I levels were lower in EHN steers compared with RG steers at 30 mo of age (P < 0.01). The total weight of the muscles and bones of the left half of the carcass was not different between the 2 groups (P = 0.065). Five of the 19 muscles investigated (semimembranosus, P = 0.036$$$ infraspinatus, P = 0.024$$$ supraspinatus, P = 0.0019$$$ serratus ventralis cervicis, P = 0.032$$$ serratus ventralis thoracis, P = 0.027) were heavier in EHN steers. Total fat weight in the left half of the carcass was 30% greater (P = 0.025) in HNE carcasses. Subcutaneous and perirenal fat weights were 53% and 84% greater (P = 0.008, P = 0.002, respectively) in EHN carcasses. The LM IMF content was greater in EHN loins (13.2%) compared with RG loins (9.4%) at 31 mo of age (P = 0.038)$$$ however, no differences were found for shear force, tenderness, and cook loss. These results suggested early high‐nutrition affected the growth and meat quality of livestock.
A clinical trial to compare the effect of Individualized homoeopathic medicines as compared to placebo in patients with early haemorrhoids$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Sulphur, Nu XVomica, Lycopodium, Aesculus‐hipp, Aloes‐socotrina, Arsenic album, Graphites, Calcarea carb, Haemamelis, Pulsatilla, Natrum‐muriaticum, Nitric Acid, Causticum, Collinsonia, Lachesis : All medicines will be prescribed in 30, 200 and 1M potencies. The dose and repetition of the selected medicine shall be based on the discretion of the prescribing investigator. Individualized methods of selection shall be encouraged amongst the investigators. All the medicines shall be procured from a GMP compliant pharmacy to maintain the quality of the study product. Homoeopathic dilutions shall be prescribed by medication in sugar globules/ sugar of milk/ distilled water in doses as per the instruction by the investigator. Duration of treatment will be 6 months. Instructions on general management of haemorrhoids shall be explained in details. Control Intervention1: Placebo: The control group shall be receiving a placebo, similar in appearance, smell and taste to the prescribed medication. The study shall be blinded by the pharmacy controlled blinding procedure. The pharmacist shall masked the study product with placebo in this group as per the allocation. The homoeopathic potencies or dilutions will be masked by administering 92% V/V rectified spirit in sugar globules/ sugar of milk/ distilled water. Duration of intervention will be 6 months. Instructions on general management of haemorrhoids shall be explained in details. CONDITION: Health Condition 1: K640‐ First degree hemorrhoids Health Condition 2: K641‐ Second degree hemorrhoids PRIMARY OUTCOME: Hemorrhoidal Disease Symptom Score (HDSS)Timepoint: At the end of 1 month of treatment$$$ 2 month of treatment$$$ 3 month of treatment$$$ 4 month of treatment$$$ 5 month of treatment$$$ 6 month of treatment SECONDARY OUTCOME: Anoscopic scoreTimepoint: At the end of 3 month of treatment and 6 month of treatment Short Health Scale HD (SHSHD)Timepoint: At the end of 1 month of treatment$$$ 2 month of treatment$$$ 3 month of treatment$$$ 4 month of treatment$$$ 5 month of treatment$$$ 6 month of treatment INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Patients suffering from idiopathic/ primary grade I and grade II hemorrhoids presenting with any of the symptoms namely bleeding, pain (tenesmus), heaviness, pruritis, and mucus discharge with or without anitis. 2. Patients with known but controlled diabetes (glycated hemoglobin less than 8 %) and controlled hypertension and thyroid disorders will also be eligible for the study. 3. Patients using topical agents for hemorrhoids will be included after a washout period of one week, subject to persistence of symptoms and signs of hemorrhoids.
Metabolic and physiologic improvements from consuming a paleolithic, hunter-gatherer type diet$$$ BACKGROUND: The contemporary American diet figures centrally in the pathogenesis of numerous chronic diseases‐'diseases of civilization'. We investigated in humans whether a diet similar to that consumed by our preagricultural hunter‐gatherer ancestors (that is, a paleolithic type diet) confers health benefits. METHODS: We performed an outpatient, metabolically controlled study, in nine nonobese sedentary healthy volunteers, ensuring no weight loss by daily weight. We compared the findings when the participants consumed their usual diet with those when they consumed a paleolithic type diet. The participants consumed their usual diet for 3 days, three ramp‐up diets of increasing potassium and fiber for 7 days, then a paleolithic type diet comprising lean meat, fruits, vegetables and nuts, and excluding nonpaleolithic type foods, such as cereal grains, dairy or legumes, for 10 days. Outcomes included arterial blood pressure (BP)$$$ 24‐h urine sodium and potassium excretion$$$ plasma glucose and insulin areas under the curve (AUC) during a 2 h oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT)$$$ insulin sensitivity$$$ plasma lipid concentrations$$$ and brachial artery reactivity in response to ischemia. RESULTS: Compared with the baseline (usual) diet, we observed (a) significant reductions in BP associated with improved arterial distensibility (‐3.1+/‐2.9, P=0.01 and +0.19+/‐0.23, P=0.05)$$$(b) significant reduction in plasma insulin vs time AUC, during the OGTT (P=0.006)$$$ and (c) large significant reductions in total cholesterol, low‐density lipoproteins (LDL) and triglycerides (‐0.8+/‐0.6 (P=0.007), ‐0.7+/‐0.5 (P=0.003) and ‐0.3+/‐0.3 (P=0.01) mmol/l respectively). In all these measured variables, either eight or all nine participants had identical directional responses when switched to paleolithic type diet, that is, near consistently improved status of circulatory, carbohydrate and lipid metabolism/physiology. CONCLUSIONS: Even short‐term consumption of a paleolithic type diet improves BP and glucose tolerance, decreases insulin secretion, increases insulin sensitivity and improves lipid profiles without weight loss in healthy sedentary humans.
Salivary ghrelin response to drinks varying in protein content and quantity and association with energy intake and appetite$$$ Salivary hormone analysis is a non‐invasive alternative to blood‐borne hormone analysis. The orexigenic hormone ghrelin has been detected in human saliva, though the relationship between salivary and blood‐borne ghrelin and salivary ghrelin's association with energy intake (EI) and appetite remains unclear. The primary aim of this study was to compare salivary and plasma ghrelin responses to dairy breakfast drinks varying in protein content and quantity, and to determine the relationship between salivary ghrelin and EI and appetite. Participants (n = 25) consumed four test drinks, varying in protein content and quantity, on four separate days in a double‐blind randomized controlled study. Salivary and plasma total ghrelin were measured at 0, 30, 60 and 120 min and appetite perceptions at 0, 30, 60, 90 and 120 min. A buffet‐style test meal was presented at 120 min to measure ad libitum EI. There was no correlation between the sample means for fasted salivary and plasma ghrelin (r = 0.099, p = 0.637). Furthermore, there was no within‐participant association between fasted salivary and plasma ghrelin (r = ‐0.041, p = 0.725). Mean bias between fasted salivary and plasma ghrelin was ‐448 pg/ml (95% confidence intervals (CI) = ‐623 ‐ ‐273 pg/ml) and upper and lower limits of agreement (LOA) were 427 pg/ml and ‐1324 pg/ml, respectively. Variation in postprandial levels of salivary and plasma ghrelin within‐participants were not associated (r = ‐0.004, p = 0.943). There was no significant association between EI and salivary (r = 0.003, p = 0.979) or plasma (r = ‐0.080, p = 0.492) ghrelin. Salivary ghrelin was not significantly correlated with composite appetite score (r = 0.023$$$ p = 0.654), though plasma ghrelin was (r = 0.225, p < 0.001). Mean bias between postprandial salivary and plasma ghrelin was ‐210 pg/ml (95% CI = ‐380 ‐ ‐40 pg/ml) and upper and lower LOA were 641 pg/ml and ‐1061 pg/ml, respectively. These findings suggest that salivary and plasma ghrelin responses to drinks varying in protein content and quantity are unrelated and that salivary ghrelin is not associated with EI or appetite perceptions in healthy non‐obese adults. This trial was registered at www.clinicaltrial.gov (NCT01597024).
Inflammation- and lipid metabolism-related gene network expression in visceral and subcutaneous adipose depots of Holstein cows$$$ This experiment was conducted to determine the effects of energy overfeeding on gene expression in mesenteric (MAT), omental (OAT), and subcutaneous (SAT) adipose tissue (AT) from nonpregnant and nonlactating Holstein cows. Eighteen cows were randomly assigned to either a controlled energy [LE, net energy for lactation (NE(L)) = 1.35 Mcal/kg of dry matter (DM)] or moderate energy‐overfed group (HE, NE(L) = 1.62 Mcal/kg of DM) for 8 wk. Cows were then euthanized and subsamples of MAT, OAT, and SAT were harvested for transcript profiling via quantitative PCR of 34 genes involved in lipogenesis, triacylglycerol (TAG) synthesis, lactate signaling, hepatokine signaling, lipolysis, transcription regulation, and inflammation. The interaction of dietary energy and adipose depot was not significant for any gene analyzed except LPL, which indicated a consistent response to diet. Expression of ACACA and FASN was greater in SAT than MAT, whereas expression of SCD and ADFP were greatest in SAT, intermediate in OAT, and lowest in MAT. However, the 2 visceral depots had greater expression of THRSP, ACLY, LPL, FABP4, GPAM, and LPIN1 compared with SAT. The transcription factor SREBF1 was more highly expressed in MAT and SAT than in OAT. The expression of PNPLA2 was greater in visceral AT sites than in SAT, but other lipolysis‐related genes were not differentially expressed among AT depots. Visceral AT depots had greater expression of LEP, ADIPOQ, and SAA3 compared with SAT. Moreover, MAT had greater expression than SAT of proinflammatory cytokines (IL1B and IL6), IL6 receptor (IL6R), and chemokines (CCL2 and CCL5). However, TNF expression was greatest in SAT, lowest in OAT, and intermediate in MAT. Overall, results indicated that visceral AT might be more active in uptake of preformed long‐chain fatty acids than SAT, whereas de novo fatty acid synthesis could make a greater contribution to the intracellular pool of fatty acids in SAT than in visceral AT. The visceral AT compared with SAT seem to have a greater capacity for expression (and potentially for secretion) of proinflammatory cytokines$$$ thus, excessive accumulation of visceral lipid due to a long‐term overfeeding energy may be detrimental to liver function and overall health of dairy cows, particularly during the transition period.
Effect of the dash-sodium diet on serum biomarkers of inflammation and mineral metabolism$$$ Background: The blood pressure‐lowering effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) dietary pattern and reduced sodium intake are well‐established. The effects on other biomarkers related to vascular health are of interest and may assist in explaining cardiovascular benefits of the DASH diet. Objective: We hypothesized that a low‐sodium DASH diet improves biomarkers of inflammation [i.e. reduces C‐reactive protein (CRP) and soluble urokinase plasminogen activator receptor (suPAR)] and mineral metabolism [phosphorus and fibroblast growth factor‐23 (FGF23)]. Methods: We conducted a post hoc analysis of the DASH‐Sodium trial using stored frozen serum samples. This controlled feeding study randomized 412 adults to consume either a DASH diet or control diet representative of a typical American diet. Within each arm, participants received three sodium levels (low, intermediate, high) in random sequence, each for 30 days. To maximize contrast, samples collected at the end of the low‐sodium DASH (n=198) and high‐sodium control (n=194) diets were compared. Between‐diet differences in biomarker concentrations were assessed by t‐test or Wilcoxon rank sum test for normally distributed and skewed variables, respectively Results: CRP concentrations did not differ between groups (P=0.19), but suPAR was higher after the low‐sodium DASH diet than the high‐sodium control (median, IQR: 2473, 2127‐2887 pg/mL vs.2281, 1929‐2679 pg/mL$$$ P=0.003). FGF23 was also higher after the DASH diet (35.9, 26.9‐44.8pg/mL vs. 30.2, 23.5‐37.5 pg/mL$$$ P<0.001). Serum phosphorus was higher after the DASH diet(mean±SEM: 3.5±0.04 mg/dL) versus the control (3.4±0.04 mg/dL$$$ P=0.02). Conclusions: Contrary to our hypothesis, biomarkers of inflammation and mineral metabolism were increased or unchanged by a low‐sodium DASH diet compared to a high‐sodium control diet.Potential reasons (e.g. short duration of the trial, sodium‐specific effects, bioavailable phosphorus‐rich dairy intake) require further investigation.
Effects of Sodium Reduction and the DASH Diet in Relation to Baseline Blood Pressure$$$ BACKGROUND: Both sodium reduction and the DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) diet, a diet rich in fruits, vegetables, and low‐fat dairy products, and reduced in saturated fat and cholesterol, lower blood pressure. The separate and combined effects of these dietary interventions by baseline blood pressure (BP) has not been reported. OBJECTIVES: The authors compared the effects of low versus high sodium, DASH versus control, and both (low sodium‐DASH vs. high sodium‐control diets) on systolic blood pressure (SBP) by baseline BP. METHODS: In the DASH‐Sodium (Dietary Patterns, Sodium Intake and Blood Pressure) trial, adults with pre‐ or stage 1 hypertension and not using antihypertensive medications, were randomized to either DASH or a control diet. On either diet, participants were fed each of 3 sodium levels (50, 100, and 150 mmol/day at 2,100 kcal) in random order over 4 weeks separated by 5‐day breaks. Strata of baseline SBP were <130, 130 to 139, 140 to 149, and ≥150 mm Hg. RESULTS: Of 412 participants, 57% were women, and 57% were black$$$ mean age was 48 years, and mean SBP/diastolic BP was 135/86 mm Hg. In the context of the control diet, reducing sodium (from high to low) was associated with mean SBP differences of ‐3.20, ‐8.56, ‐8.99, and ‐7.04 mm Hg across the respective baseline SBP strata listed (p for trend = 0.004). In the context of high sodium, consuming the DASH compared with the control diet was associated with mean SBP differences of ‐4.5, ‐4.3, ‐4.7, and ‐10.6 mm Hg, respectively (p for trend = 0.66). The combined effects of the low sodium‐DASH diet versus the high sodium‐control diet on SBP were ‐5.3, ‐7.5, ‐9.7, and ‐20.8 mm Hg, respectively (p for trend <0.001). CONCLUSIONS: The combination of reduced sodium intake and the DASH diet lowered SBP throughout the range of pre‐ and stage 1 hypertension, with progressively greater reductions at higher levels of baseline SBP. SBP reductions in adults with the highest levels of SBP (≥150 mm Hg) were striking and reinforce the importance of both sodium reduction and the DASH diet in this high‐risk group. Further research is needed to determine the effects of these interventions among adults with SBP ≥160 mm Hg. (Dietary Patterns, Sodium Intake and Blood Pressure [DASH‐Sodium]$$$ NCT00000608).
The Percentage of Dietary Phosphorus Excreted in the Urine Varies by Dietary Pattern in a Randomized Feeding Study in Adults$$$ BACKGROUND: Urinary phosphorus excretion has been proposed as a recovery biomarker of dietary phosphorus intake. However, it is unclear whether phosphorus excretion is constant across a range of dietary and nondietary factors. OBJECTIVE: We assessed whether percentage urinary phosphorus excretion is constant across 3 dietary patterns in the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) trial. METHODS: DASH is a completed feeding study of 459 prehypertensive and stage 1 hypertensive adults (52% male, 56% black). After a 3‐wk run‐in on a typical American (control) diet, participants were randomly assigned to the control diet, a diet rich in fruits and vegetables (FV diet), or a diet rich in fruits, vegetables, and low‐fat dairy with reduced saturated fat and cholesterol (DASH diet) for 8 wk. We estimated the percentage phosphorus excretion as urinary phosphorus excretion (from 24 h urine) divided by phosphorus intake (from analyzed food composites). Differences between group means for all 3 diets were compared by ANOVA followed by pairwise comparisons with Tukey's honest significant difference test. RESULTS: At the end of the intervention, the mean phosphorus intake was 1176 mg/d (95% CI: 1119, 1233 mg/d), 1408 mg/d (1352, 1464 mg/d), and 2051 mg/d (1994, 2107 mg/d) in the control, FV, and DASH diet, respectively (P < 0.001, all comparisons). The mean phosphorus excretion was 734 mg/d (682, 787 mg/d), 705 mg/d (654, 756 mg/d), and 872 mg/d (820, 923 mg/d) in the control, FV, and DASH diet, respectively (P = 0.74 control vs. FV, P < 0.001 all other comparisons). The mean percentage phosphorus excretion was 63% (60%, 67%), 51% (48%, 54%), and 43% (39%, 46%) in the control, FV, and DASH diet, respectively (P < 0.001, all comparisons). CONCLUSIONS: These findings in prehypertensive and stage 1 hypertensive adults strongly suggest that urinary phosphorus excretion should not be used as a recovery biomarker for dietary phosphorus intake, given the wide range of urinary phosphorus excretion across dietary patterns. This trial is registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT0000054.
Effects of dietary patterns on subclinical cardiac damage: results from the dash trial$$$ Background: The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet (rich in fruit (F), vegetables (V), low‐fat dairy, and fiber, and reduced in saturated fat and cholesterol) lowered blood pressure (BP) and low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol after 8 weeks compared with a typical American diet. However, direct effects on cardiovascular damage are unknown. Hypothesis: The DASH diet reduces cardiac injury, strain, and inflammation compared to a typical American diet. Methods: The DASH feeding study was a 3‐arm, parallel‐design, randomized controlled trial of adults with systolic BP (SBP) <160 mm Hg and diastolic BP (DBP) of 80‐95 mm Hg, without cardiovascular disease (CVD) and not taking BP medications. Participants were randomized to 8 weeks of monitored feeding with: a typical American diet with 3.6 servings of F/V per day (ref), a F/V‐enriched diet (8.5 servings of F/V per day), or the DASH diet (9.6 servings of F/V per day). Calories were adjusted to keep weight constant throughout feeding. We compared the effects of these diets on 3 cardiac biomarkers: high‐sensitivity cardiac troponin I (hs‐cTnI), N‐terminal b‐type pro natriuretic peptide (NT‐proBNP), and high‐sensitivity C‐reactive protein (hs‐CRP), measured in stored serum collected at baseline and after feeding. Results: Of the 257 participants with available specimens, 33% were aged >50 yrs, 48% werewomen, and 56% were non‐white. Mean baseline SBP/DBP was 131/85 mmHg. Compared tocontrol, the F/V‐enriched diet reduced hs‐cTnI by 53% (95% CI: 18, 73$$$ P = 0.008) and NT‐proBNPby 24% (95% CI: 7, 38$$$ P = 0.01) ( Figure ). Similarly, compared to control, DASH reduced hs‐cTnIby 49% (95% CI: 11, 71$$$ P = 0.02) and NT‐proBNP by 20% (95% CI: 2, 35$$$ P = 0.04). Hs‐CRP didnot differ between diets, and none of the markers differed between DASH and F/V‐enriched diets. Conclusions: In adults with high BP but not CVD, both F/V‐enriched and DASH diets loweredsensitive markers of cardiac injury and strain over 8 weeks. Our study demonstrates early, directcardiovascular benefits from diets rich in F/V. (Figure Presented).
The influence of a physician and patient intervention program on dietary intake$$$ BACKGROUND: Efficient dietary interventions for patients with hypertension in clinical settings are needed. OBJECTIVE: To assess the separate and combined influence of a physician intervention (MD‐I) and a patient intervention (PT‐I) on dietary intakes of patients with hypertension. DESIGN: A nested 2×2 design, randomized controlled trial conducted over 18 months. PARTICIPANTS: A total of 32 physicians and 574 outpatients with hypertension. INTERVENTION: MD‐I included training modules addressing the Seventh Report of the Joint National Committee on Prevention, Detection, Evaluation, and Treatment of High Blood Pressure hypertension management guidelines and lifestyle modification. PT‐I included lifestyle coaching to adopt the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) eating pattern, reduce sodium intake, manage weight, increase exercise, and moderate alcohol intake. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Dietary intakes were measured by the Block Food Frequency Questionnaire. Concordance with the DASH dietary pattern was estimated by a DASH score. STATISTICAL ANALYSES: The main effects of MD‐I and PT‐I, and their interaction, were evaluated using analysis of covariance. RESULTS: After 6 months of intervention, MD‐I participants significantly increased intakes of potassium, fruits, juices, and carbohydrate$$$ decreased intake of fat$$$ and improved overall dietary quality as measured by the Healthy Eating Index. PT‐I intervention resulted in increased intakes of carbohydrate, protein, fiber, calcium, potassium, fruits and fruit juices, vegetables, dairy and Healthy Eating Index score, and decreased intakes in fat, saturated fat, cholesterol, sodium, sweets, and added fats/oils/sweets. In addition, PT‐I improved overall DASH concordance score. The change in DASH score was significantly associated with the changes in blood pressure and weight at 6 months. At 18 months, most changes reversed back toward baseline levels, including the DASH score. CONCLUSIONS: Both MD‐I and PT‐I improved eating patterns at 6 months with some sustained effects at 18 months. Even though all dietary changes observed were consistent with the DASH nutrient targets or food group guidelines, only the PT‐I intervention was effective in improving the overall DASH concordance score. This finding affirms the role of medical nutrition therapy in long‐term intensive interventions for hypertension risk reduction and weight management and underlines the need for development of maintenance strategies. Furthermore, this study emphasizes the importance of collaborations among physicians, registered dietitians and other dietetics practitioners, and lay health advisors while assisting patients to make healthy behavior changes.
Effects of dietary sodium on metabolites: the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH)-Sodium Feeding Study$$$ Background: High sodium intake is known to increase blood pressure and is difficult to measure in epidemiologic studies.Objective: We examined the effect of sodium intake on metabolites within the DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension Trial)‐Sodium Trial to further our understanding of the biological effects of sodium intake beyond blood pressure.Design: The DASH‐Sodium Trial randomly assigned individuals to either the DASH diet (low in fat and high in protein, low‐fat dairy, and fruits and vegetables) or a control diet for 12 wk. Participants within each diet arm received, in random order, diets containing high (150 nmol or 3450 mg), medium (100 nmol or 2300 mg), and low (50 nmol or 1150 mg) amounts of sodium for 30 d (crossover design). Fasting blood samples were collected at the end of each sodium intervention. We measured 531 identified plasma metabolites in 73 participants at the end of their high‐ and low‐sodium interventions and in 46 participants at the end of their high‐ and medium‐sodium interventions (N = 119). We used linear mixed‐effects regression to model the relation between each log‐transformed metabolite and sodium intake. We also combined the resulting P values with Fisher's method to estimate the association between sodium intake and 38 metabolic pathways or groups.Results: Six pathways were associated with sodium intake at a Bonferroni‐corrected threshold of 0.0013 (e.g., fatty acid, food component or plant, benzoate, γ‐glutamyl amino acid, methionine, and tryptophan). Although 82 metabolites were associated with sodium intake at a false discovery rate ≤0.10, only 4‐ethylphenylsufate, a xenobiotic related to benzoate metabolism, was significant at a Bonferroni‐corrected threshold (P < 10‐5). Adjustment for coinciding change in blood pressure did not substantively alter the association for the top‐ranked metabolites.Conclusion: Sodium intake is associated with changes in circulating metabolites, including gut microbial, tryptophan, plant component, and γ‐glutamyl amino acid‐related metabolites. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00000608.
Food group sources of nutrients in the dietary patterns of the DASH-Sodium trial$$$ The aim of this paper is to identify major food group sources of several essential nutrients in the two dietary patterns used in the DASH‐Sodium trial: a control diet and the DASH dietary pattern. The DASH‐Sodium trial was a multicenter, randomized, controlled‐feeding trial comparing the effects of three levels of sodium and two dietary patterns on blood pressure. Nutrient contents of all the menus for both the control and the DASH diets were analyzed and examined for their dietary sources from 13 food groups. Contributions of all foods within each food group to each nutrient were averaged then weighted to reflect the actual distribution of energy levels in the study. Nutrient contents across the three sodium levels are very similar within each diet. Refined grains and whole grains are the major energy sources for the control and the DASH diet, providing 35% and 23% to the total intake, respectively. Nutrient‐dense whole grains contributed greatly, ranging from 11% to 46%, to the higher intakes of protein, fiber, calcium, magnesium, potassium, zinc, and folate in the DASH diet. Vegetables, in addition to being a good source for fiber, vitamins A, C, E, and folate, also contributed an average of 15% to the intakes of magnesium, potassium, and calcium in the DASH diet. Differences in nutrient contents between the control and the DASH diets were accomplished by varying the selection of food items (eg, refined grains vs whole grains) and quantities of certain food groups (eg, less red meats and higher amounts of fruits and vegetables). The DASH dietary pattern recommends four to five servings of fruits$$$ four to five servings of vegetables$$$ two to three servings of low‐fat dairy products$$$ seven to eight servings of grain products (preferably whole grains)$$$ two or less servings of meats, poultry, and fish per day$$$ and four to five servings of nuts, seeds, and legumes per week for a 2,000 kcal diet. Each of these food groups contributes critical nutrients across various sodium levels. It is important to emphasize all food groups when trying to follow this proven dietary pattern.
Effects of comprehensive lifestyle modification on blood pressure control: main results of the PREMIER clinical trial$$$ CONTEXT: Weight loss, sodium reduction, increased physical activity, and limited alcohol intake are established recommendations that reduce blood pressure (BP). The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet also lowers BP. To date, no trial has evaluated the effects of simultaneously implementing these lifestyle recommendations. OBJECTIVE: To determine the effect on BP of 2 multicomponent, behavioral interventions. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: Randomized trial with enrollment at 4 clinical centers (January 2000‐June 2001) among 810 adults (mean [SD] age, 50 [8.9] years$$$ 62% women$$$ 34% African American) with above‐optimal BP, including stage 1 hypertension (120‐159 mm Hg systolic and 80‐95 mm Hg diastolic), and who were not taking antihypertensive medications. INTERVENTION: Participants were randomized to one of 3 intervention groups: (1) "established," a behavioral intervention that implemented established recommendations (n = 268)$$$ (2) "established plus DASH,"which also implemented the DASH diet (n = 269)$$$ and (3) an "advice only" comparison group (n = 273). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Blood pressure measurement and hypertension status at 6 months. RESULTS: Both behavioral interventions significantly reduced weight, improved fitness, and lowered sodium intake. The established plus DASH intervention also increased fruit, vegetable, and dairy intake. Across the groups, gradients in BP and hypertensive status were evident. After subtracting change in advice only, the mean net reduction in systolic BP was 3.7 mm Hg (P<.001) in the established group and 4.3 mm Hg (P<.001) in the established plus DASH group$$$ the systolic BP difference between the established and established plus DASH groups was 0.6 mm Hg (P =.43). Compared with the baseline hypertension prevalence of 38%, the prevalence at 6 months was 26% in the advice only group, 17% in the established group (P =.01 compared with the advice only group), and 12% in the established plus DASH group (P<.001 compared with the advice only group$$$ P =.12 compared with the established group). The prevalence of optimal BP (<120 mm Hg systolic and <80 mm Hg diastolic) was 19% in the advice only group, 30% in the established group (P =.005 compared with the advice only group), and 35% in the established plus DASH group (P<.001 compared with the advice only group$$$ P =.24 compared with the established group). CONCLUSION: Individuals with above‐optimal BP, including stage 1 hypertension, can make multiple lifestyle changes that lower BP and reduce their cardiovascular disease risk.
Characteristics of the diet patterns tested in the optimal macronutrient intake trial to prevent heart disease (OmniHeart): options for a heart-healthy diet$$$ OBJECTIVE: To describe the nutrient and food composition of the diets tested in the Optimal Macronutrient Intake Trial to Prevent Heart Disease (OmniHeart). DESIGN: Two center, randomized, three‐period crossover, controlled feeding trial that tested the effects of three healthful diet patterns on blood pressure, serum lipid levels, and estimated cardiovascular risk. SUBJECTS/SETTING: One hundred sixty‐four participants with prehypertension and hypertension. During the 19 weeks of feeding, participants were required to consume only food prepared as part of the trial. INTERVENTION: The OmniHeart trial studied three diet patterns that differed in macronutrient composition: a carbohydrate‐rich diet similar to the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension diet (58% carbohydrate, 15% protein, and 27% fat), a higher protein diet that had 10% more protein and 10% less carbohydrate (48% carbohydrate, 25% protein, and 27% fat), and a higher unsaturated fat diet that had 10% more unsaturated fat and 10% less carbohydrate (48% carbohydrate, 15% protein, and 37% fat). Each diet contained 6% saturated fat and 100 to 200 mg cholesterol. Sodium was 2,300 mg at the 2,100 kcal energy level and was indexed across energy levels. Calcium, magnesium, and potassium were consistent with recommendations for the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension diet and also indexed to energy levels. Each diet pattern met the major nutrient recommendations set by the Dietary Guidelines for Americans 2005. The 10% protein increase in the higher protein diet emphasized plant protein$$$ however, meat and dairy food sources were also increased somewhat. Olive oil, canola oil, and olive oil spread were used liberally to achieve the unsaturated fat content of the higher unsaturated fat diet. The 10% reduction in carbohydrate in the higher protein diet and the higher unsaturated fat diet was achieved by replacing some fruits with vegetables, reducing sweets, and using smaller portions of grain products. All three diets reduced blood pressure, total and low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol levels, and estimated coronary heart disease risk. CONCLUSIONS: The OmniHeart diet patterns offer substantial flexibility in macronutrient intake that should make it easier to eat a heart‐healthy diet and reduce cardiovascular disease risk.
Associations of blood pressure change with change in foods' intake among adults with mild to moderate hypertension$$$ Objective: To explore the association between the intake and changes in various types of food and the changes in blood pressure in patients with mild to moderate hypertension. Methods: Mild to moderate hypertension participants with complete baseline and outcome data were included from DECIDE‐Diet study, a multicenter, randomized controlled trial. Dietary records and blood pressure measurements at both 7‐day run‐in (baseline) and 28‐day intervention phases were collected for enrolled participants. Blood pressure change was defined as the difference between blood pressure at the end of trial and the baseline blood pressure. Baseline intake of food was the average daily intake during the run‐in period, and the intake increment was defined as the difference between the average intake during the trial period and the average intake during the run‐in period. After adjusting for age, sex, study center, intervention groups, baseline body mass index (kg/m2), antihypertension medication use, and baseline total calorie intake, a linear regression model was used to analyze the associations of the before‐after‐intervention change in blood pressure with baseline intake and intake increment of foods. Results: A total of 258 patients with mild to moderate hypertension were included, including 133 males, aged (56.5±9.9) years. (1) After adjusting for confounding factors, there was no significant association between baseline intake of food and baseline blood pressure (all P>0.05). The blood pressure change was negatively associated with baseline intakes of tubers, vegetables, and vegetable oils but positively with baseline intake of meats$$$ and was negatively associated with intake increment of whole grains and fish (all P<0.05). (2) The multiple linear regression analysis showed that baseline intake of vegetables (β=‐0.021, P=0.004), vegetable oils (β=‐0.260, P=0.002), and increment in intake of fish (β=‐0.128, P=0.026) were all significantly associated with changes in systolic blood pressure$$$ baseline intake of vegetables (β=‐0.017, P=0.002), vegetable oils (β=‐0.182, P=0.001), dairy products (β=0.021, P=0.022), and increment in intake of fish (β=‐0.092, P=0.010) were all significantly associated with changes in diastolic blood pressure. Conclusion: Increasing the intake of whole grains, vegetables, vegetable oils, and fish and decreasing the intake of meat may be beneficial for blood pressure control in patients with mild to moderate hypertension.
Effects on blood pressure of reduced dietary sodium and the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet. DASH-Sodium Collaborative Research Group$$$ BACKGROUND: The effect of dietary composition on blood pressure is a subject of public health importance. We studied the effect of different levels of dietary sodium, in conjunction with the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet, which is rich in vegetables, fruits, and low‐fat dairy products, in persons with and in those without hypertension. METHODS: A total of 412 participants were randomly assigned to eat either a control diet typical of intake in the United States or the DASH diet. Within the assigned diet, participants ate foods with high, intermediate, and low levels of sodium for 30 consecutive days each, in random order. RESULTS: Reducing the sodium intake from the high to the intermediate level reduced the systolic blood pressure by 2.1 mm Hg (P<0.001) during the control diet and by 1.3 mm Hg (P=0.03) during the DASH diet. Reducing the sodium intake from the intermediate to the low level caused additional reductions of 4.6 mm Hg during the control diet (P<0.001) and 1.7 mm Hg during the DASH diet (P<0.01). The effects of sodium were observed in participants with and in those without hypertension, blacks and those of other races, and women and men. The DASH diet was associated with a significantly lower systolic blood pressure at each sodium level$$$ and the difference was greater with high sodium levels than with low ones. As compared with the control diet with a high sodium level, the DASH diet with a low sodium level led to a mean systolic blood pressure that was 7.1 mm Hg lower in participants without hypertension, and 11.5 mm Hg lower in participants with hypertension. CONCLUSIONS: The reduction of sodium intake to levels below the current recommendation of 100 mmol per day and the DASH diet both lower blood pressure substantially, with greater effects in combination than singly. Long‐term health benefits will depend on the ability of people to make long‐lasting dietary changes and the increased availability of lower‐sodium foods.
Effects of Sodium Reduction and the DASH Diet in Relation to Baseline Blood Pressure$$$ Background Both sodium reduction and the DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) diet, a diet rich in fruits, vegetables, and low‐fat dairy products, and reduced in saturated fat and cholesterol, lower blood pressure. The separate and combined effects of these dietary interventions by baseline blood pressure (BP) has not been reported. Objectives The authors compared the effects of low versus high sodium, DASH versus control, and both (low sodium‐DASH vs. high sodium‐control diets) on systolic blood pressure (SBP) by baseline BP. Methods In the DASH‐Sodium (Dietary Patterns, Sodium Intake and Blood Pressure) trial, adults with pre‐ or stage 1 hypertension and not using antihypertensive medications, were randomized to either DASH or a control diet. On either diet, participants were fed each of 3 sodium levels (50, 100, and 150 mmol/day at 2,100 kcal) in random order over 4 weeks separated by 5‐day breaks. Strata of baseline SBP were <130, 130 to 139, 140 to 149, and ≥150 mm Hg. Results Of 412 participants, 57% were women, and 57% were black$$$ mean age was 48 years, and mean SBP/diastolic BP was 135/86 mm Hg. In the context of the control diet, reducing sodium (from high to low) was associated with mean SBP differences of −3.20, −8.56, −8.99, and −7.04 mm Hg across the respective baseline SBP strata listed (p for trend = 0.004). In the context of high sodium, consuming the DASH compared with the control diet was associated with mean SBP differences of −4.5, −4.3, −4.7, and −10.6 mm Hg, respectively (p for trend = 0.66). The combined effects of the low sodium‐DASH diet versus the high sodium‐control diet on SBP were −5.3, −7.5, −9.7, and −20.8 mm Hg, respectively (p for trend <0.001). Conclusions The combination of reduced sodium intake and the DASH diet lowered SBP throughout the range of pre‐ and stage 1 hypertension, with progressively greater reductions at higher levels of baseline SBP. SBP reductions in adults with the highest levels of SBP (≥150 mm Hg) were striking and reinforce the importance of both sodium reduction and the DASH diet in this high‐risk group. Further research is needed to determine the effects of these interventions among adults with SBP ≥160 mm Hg. (Dietary Patterns, Sodium Intake and Blood Pressure [DASH‐Sodium]$$$ NCT00000608)
Effects on blood pressure of reduced dietary sodium and the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet. DASH-Sodium Collaborative Research Group$$$ BACKGROUND: The effect of dietary composition on blood pressure is a subject of public health importance. We studied the effect of different levels of dietary sodium, in conjunction with the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet, which is rich in vegetables, fruits, and low‐fat dairy products, in persons with and in those without hypertension. METHODS: A total of 412 participants were randomly assigned to eat either a control diet typical of intake in the United States or the DASH diet. Within the assigned diet, participants ate foods with high, intermediate, and low levels of sodium for 30 consecutive days each, in random order. RESULTS: Reducing the sodium intake from the high to the intermediate level reduced the systolic blood pressure by 2.1 mm Hg (P<0.001) during the control diet and by 1.3 mm Hg (P=0.03) during the DASH diet. Reducing the sodium intake from the intermediate to the low level caused additional reductions of 4.6 mm Hg during the control diet (P<0.001) and 1.7 mm Hg during the DASH diet (P<0.01). The effects of sodium were observed in participants with and in those without hypertension, blacks and those of other races, and women and men. The DASH diet was associated with a significantly lower systolic blood pressure at each sodium level$$$ and the difference was greater with high sodium levels than with low ones. As compared with the control diet with a high sodium level, the DASH diet with a low sodium level led to a mean systolic blood pressure that was 7.1 mm Hg lower in participants without hypertension, and 11.5 mm Hg lower in participants with hypertension. CONCLUSIONS: The reduction of sodium intake to levels below the current recommendation of 100 mmol per day and the DASH diet both lower blood pressure substantially, with greater effects in combination than singly. Long‐term health benefits will depend on the ability of people to make long‐lasting dietary changes and the increased availability of lower‐sodium foods.
Effect of partially depolymerized guar gum on acute metabolic variables in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes$$$ Fourteen patients with non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes (NIDDM) attended the study centre on 4 mornings separated by at least 3 days, to receive in random order 75 g carbohydrate breakfast meals of control or guar breads with jam and butter. Guar gum flours of low, medium, and high molecular weight (MW) were incorporated into wheat bread rolls to provide 7.6 g guar per meal. Venous blood samples were taken via an indwelling cannula in a forearm vein at fasting and at eight postprandial times and then analysed for blood glucose, plasma insulin, C‐peptide, and gastric inhibitory polypeptide (GIP). Guar gum bread significantly reduced the postprandial rise in blood glucose, plasma insulin, and, except for bread containing low MW guar gum, plasma GIP levels compared to the control. Thus, the partial depolymerization of guar gum does not diminish its physiological activity. No reductions in postprandial plasma C‐peptide levels were seen after any of the guar bread meals. This suggests that guar gum attenuates the insulin concentration in peripheral venous blood in patients with NIDDM by increasing the hepatic extraction of insulin.
Differential effects of saturated and monounsaturated fat on blood glucose and insulin responses in subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus$$$ To compare the metabolic effect of coingestion of saturated and monounsaturated fats with potato, 12 subjects with non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) received 300 g mashed potato alone or in combination with 40 g olive oil, 80 g olive oil, 50 g butter, or 100 g butter, respectively. The blood glucose response area to potatoes with 100 g butter (448 +/‐ 68 mmol.240 min/L) was significantly lower than after the four other meals: 596 +/‐ 63 (potato alone), 649 +/‐ 82 (potato + 40 g olive oil), 587 +/‐ 80 (potato + 50 g butter), and 604 +/‐ 81 (potato + 80 g olive oil) nmol.240 min/L, P < 0.05, respectively. The insulin response was significantly increased by adding 50 and 100 g butter, whereas addition of 40 and 80 g olive oil had no effect. The fatty acid concentration was higher when 100 g butter was added to the potato meal than when it was not (0.67 +/‐ 0.05 compared with 0.48 +/‐ 0.07 mmol/L, P < 0.05). Fatty acid concentrations were similar to those found for the other meals. The triacylglycerol response increased in a dose‐dependent manner with the fat content of the meals irrespective of the type of fat. We conclude that butter increases the insulin response more than does olive oil, and large amounts of butter also increase fatty acid and triacylglycerol concentrations.
Cardio-metabolic and immunological impacts of extra virgin olive oil consumption in overweight and obese older adults: a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Both aging and obesity are related to dysregulated immune function, which may be responsible for increased risk of infection and also chronic non‐infectious diseases. Dietary lipids have been shown to impact immune and inflammatory responses and cardio‐metabolic risk factors. No information on the impact of olive oil on immune responses of overweight and obese older adults is available. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to determine the effect of replacing oils used in a typical American diet with extra virgin olive oil for 3 months on immune responses and cardio‐metabolic risk factors in overweight and obese older adults. METHODS: This was a randomized, single‐blinded and placebo‐controlled trial in 41 overweight or obese participants (aged ≥ 65) who consumed a typical American diet. Participants in the control (CON, n = 21) group were provided with a mixture of corn, soybean oil and butter, and those in the olive oil (OO, n = 20) group, with extra virgin olive oil, to replace substitutable oils in their diet. At baseline and 3 months, we measured blood pressure, biochemical and immunological parameters using fasting blood, and delayed‐type hypersensitivity (DTH) skin response. RESULTS: Compared to the CON group, the OO group showed decreased systolic blood pressure (P < 0.05), a strong trend toward increased plasma HDL‐C concentrations (P = 0.06), and increased anti‐CD3/anti‐CD28 ‐stimulated T cell proliferation (P < 0.05). No differences were found in T cell phenotype, cytokine production, and DTH response between the two groups. CONCLUSIONS: Our results indicate that substitution of oils used in a typical American diet with extra virgin olive oil in overweight and obese older adults may have cardio‐metabolic and immunological health benefits. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01903304.
Lactobacillus gasseri BNR17 Supplementation Reduces the Visceral Fat Accumulation and Waist Circumference in Obese Adults: a Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial$$$ Lactobacillus gasseri BNR17 is a probiotic strain isolated from human breast milk. Animal studies reported that BNR17 inhibited increases in body weight and adipose tissue weights. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the antiobesity effects of BNR17 in humans. In a randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial, 90 volunteers aged 20‐75 years with body mass index (BMI) from 25 to 35 kg/m2 were randomized to receive a placebo, low‐dose BNR (BNR‐L, 109 CFU/day), or high‐dose BNR (BNR‐H, 1010 CFU/day) for 12 weeks. Body weight, BMI, waist and hip circumferences, waist‐to‐hip ratio, abdominal adipose tissue areas, body fat mass, lean body mass, and biochemical parameters were assessed at the beginning and end of the trial. Visceral adipose tissue (VAT) was significantly decreased in the BNR‐H group compared with the placebo group (P = .038). Difference of VAT areas of the BNR‐H group compared with the placebo group after 12‐week consumption of BNR17 was significant (‐21.6 cm2, P = .012). Waist circumferences were significantly decreased in both the BNR‐L and BNL‐H groups (P = .045 and .012, respectively) compared with the baseline values, but not in the placebo group. Biochemical parameters were not significantly different among the groups. These findings suggest that daily consumption of BNR17 may contribute to reduced visceral fat mass in obese adults.
Plate size and children's appetite: effects of larger dishware on self-served portions and intake$$$ OBJECTIVES: Dishware size is thought to influence eating behaviors, but effects on children's self‐served portion sizes and intakes have not been studied. We aimed to evaluate whether larger dishware increased children's self‐served portion sizes and intake during meals. METHODS: A within‐subjects experimental design was used to test the effects of dishware size (ie, plates and bowls) on children's self‐served portion sizes and intakes in a naturalistic setting. Subjects were predominantly African American elementary school‐aged children (n = 42) observed on repeated occasions during school lunch. Children served themselves an entree and side dishes using either child‐ or adult‐size dishware, which represented a 100% increase in the surface area of plates and volume of bowls across conditions. Condition order was randomly assigned and counterbalanced across 2 first‐grade classrooms. Entrées of amorphous and unit form were evaluated on separate days. Fruit and vegetable side dishes were evaluated at each meal. Fixed portions of milk and bread were provided at each meal. RESULTS: Children served more energy (mean = 90.1 kcal, SE = 29.4 kcal) when using adult‐size dishware. Adult‐size dishware promoted energy intake indirectly, where every additional calorie served resulted in a 0.43‐kcal increase in total energy intakes at lunch (t = 7.72, P = .001). CONCLUSIONS: Children served themselves more with larger plates and bowls and consumed nearly 50% of the calories that they served. This provides new evidence that children's self‐served portion sizes are influenced by size‐related facets of their eating environments, which, in turn, may influence children's energy intake.
Phytoestrogens/insoluble fibers and colonic estrogen receptor β: randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study$$$ AIM: To assess the safety and effect of the supplementation of a patented blend of dietary phytoestrogens and insoluble fibers on estrogen receptor (ER)‐β and biological parameters in sporadic colonic adenomas. METHODS: A randomized, double‐blind placebo‐controlled trial was performed. Patients scheduled to undergo surveillance colonoscopy for previous sporadic colonic adenomas were identified, and 60 eligible patients were randomized to placebo or active dietary intervention (ADI) twice a day, for 60 d before surveillance colonoscopy. ADI was a mixture of 175 mg milk thistle extract, 20 mg secoisolariciresinol and 750 mg oat fiber extract. ER‐β and ER‐α expression, apoptosis and proliferation (Ki‐67 LI) were assessed in colon samples. RESULTS: No adverse event related to ADI was recorded. ADI administration showed a significant increases in ER‐β protein (0.822 ± 0.08 vs 0.768 ± 0.10, P = 0.04) and a general trend to an increase in ER‐β LI (39.222 ± 2.69 vs 37.708 ± 5.31, P = 0.06), ER‐β/ER‐α LI ratio (6.564 ± 10.04 vs 2.437 ± 1.53, P = 0.06), terminal deoxynucleotidyl transferase‐mediated dUTP nick end labeling (35.592 ± 14.97 vs 31.541 ± 11.54, P = 0.07) and Ki‐67 (53.923 ± 20.91 vs 44.833 ± 10.38, P = 0.07) approximating statistical significance. A significant increase of ER‐β protein (0.805 ± 0.13 vs 0.773 ± 0.13, P = 0.04), mRNA (2.278 ± 1.19 vs 1.105 ± 1.07, P < 0.02) and LI (47.533 ± 15.47 vs 34.875 ± 16.67, P < 0.05) and a decrease of ER‐α protein (0.423 ± 0.06 vs 0.532 ± 0.11, P < 0.02) as well as a trend to increase of ER‐β/ER‐α protein in ADI vs placebo group were observed in patients without polyps (1.734 ± 0.20 vs 1.571 ± 0.42, P = 0.07). CONCLUSION: The role of ER‐β on the control of apoptosis, and its amenability to dietary intervention, are supported in our study.
Alanine and terbutaline in the prevention of nocturnal hypoglycemia in IDDM$$$ OBJECTIVE: To test the hypothesis that because of sustained glycemic actions, bedtime administration of the glucagon‐releasing amino acid alanine or the epinephrine‐simulating beta2‐adrenergic agonist terbutaline more effectively prevents nocturnal hypoglycemia than a conventional bedtime snack, we studied 15 patients with IDDM. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: On each of four occasions, the same individualized dose of NPH insulin (0.1‐0.2 U/kg) was administered with either no treatment (control) or, in random sequence, oral treatment with a snack (240 ml of 2% milk plus one slice of toast, approximately 200 kcal), alanine (40 g, plus 10 g of glucose, approximately 200 kcal), or terbutaline (5.0 mg) at 2200. RESULTS: During the first half of the night (2315‐0300), mean plasma glucose concentrations were higher after the snack (P < 0.02), alanine plus glucose (P < 0.01), or terbutaline (P < 0.001), compared with no treatment. During the second half of the night, mean plasma glucose levels were no different from control values (73 +/‐ 5 mg/dl, 4.1 +/‐ 0.3 mmol/l) after the snack (73 +/‐ 7 mg/dl, 4.1 +/‐ 0.4 mmol/l), tended to be higher after alanine plus glucose (96 +/‐ 16 mg/dl, 5.3 +/‐ 0.9 mmol/l), and were significantly higher after terbutaline (124 +/‐ 15 mg/dl, 6.9 +/‐ 0.8 mmol/l, P < 0.01). Nocturnal plasma glucose levels of 40 mg/dl (2.2 mmol/l) or less (which were treated with intravenous glucose) occurred on 13 occasions in seven patients in the control arm and 10 occasions in six patients in the snack arm (not significantly different from the control arm), but on only 1 occasion in the alanine‐plus‐glucose arm (P < 0.02) and the terbutaline arm (P < 0.02). CONCLUSIONS: In patients with IDDM given an evening dose of NPH insulin, a conventional bedtime snack exerts an inconsistent glycemic effect only during the first half of the night, and bedtime administration of the glucagon‐releasing amino acid alanine or the epinephrine‐simulating beta2‐adrenergic agonist terbutaline more effectively prevents nocturnal hypoglycemia than a conventional bedtime snack.
Diet and cardiovascular risk: descriptive study and randomized controlled trial$$$ SUMMARY: Objective: To describe the diet of people with SCHIZOphrenia and report their risk of coronary heart disease (CHD) and stroke$$$ to measure the impact on eating habits of giving free fruit and vegetables for six months. Method: A total of 102 community dwelling people with SCHIZOphrenia were identified in south‐west Scotland. Their dietary habits were assessed by the food frequency section of the Scottish Health Survey questionnaire. Risk of CHD and stroke was measured using the Framingham assessment. Patients were then RANDOMly allocated to receive free fruit and vegetables for six months and associated instruction (FFV+OT), free fruit and vegetables alone (FFV), or to continue as before (TAU). Results: Fewer patients, when compared with the general population, reached acceptable levels for consumption of fresh fruit and vegetables, milk, potatoes, pasta, rice, or pulses. The mean number of fruit and vegetables consumed per week was 16 (SD14), the mean 10‐year risk of CHD in males was 10.5% (SD8) and in females 7% (SD6). After the intervention, the FFV+OT and FFV group were consuming significantly more fruit and vegetables than those in the TAU group, but consumption fell back to pre‐intervention levels at six and 12 months after intervention stopped. Conclusion: The diet of people with SCHIZOphrenia is very poor when compared with the general population. Secondary care services must address physical as well as mental health problems. Giving free fruit and vegetables can improve their diet, but the improvement was not sustained. Funding: Chief Scientist Office, Scottish Executive, Edinburgh
Effect of a high-calcium energy-reduced diet on abdominal obesity and cardiometabolic risk factors in obese Brazilian subjects$$$ BACKGROUND: Clinical trials designed to examine the effects of calcium supplementation on abdominal obesity have had ambiguous results. AIMS: This study aimed to evaluate, during energy restriction, the effects of a high‐calcium diet (HCD) on measures of abdominal obesity and cardiometabolic risk factors in Brazilian obese subjects of multiethnic origin. METHODS: We conducted a randomised clinical trial. Fifty obese subjects of both sexes, aged 22‐55 years, with stable body weight and a low calcium intake were randomised into the following outpatient dietary regimens: (i) a low‐calcium diet (LCD$$$ < 500 mg/day) or (ii) a HCD [1200‐1300 mg/day, supplemented with non‐fat powdered milk (60 g/day)]. Both groups followed an energy‐restricted diet (‐800 kcal/day) throughout the study (16 weeks). RESULTS: Thirty‐nine participants completed the study. After 16 weeks of energy restriction, a significant reduction was observed in all anthropometric parameters, metabolic variables (except for high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol) and blood pressure levels in both the groups. Insulin was significantly reduced only in the HCD group. Subjects on the HCD compared with those on the LCD exhibited a greater reduction in waist circumference (p = 0.002), waist‐to‐hip ratio (p = 0.0001), diastolic blood pressure (p = 0.04) and mean blood pressure (p = 0.03). CONCLUSIONS: Our study suggests that increased calcium intake may enhance the beneficial effects of energy restriction on abdominal obesity and blood pressure.
A randomized, multicenter phase 3 study of durvalumab (D) and tremelimumab (T) as first-line treatment in patients with unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC): HIMALAYA study$$$ Background: Thus far, sorafenib remains the standard of care for first line systemic therapy in patients with advanced HCC but patient prognosis and quality of life (QOL) continues to be poor. HCC may be responsive to immunotherapy due to higher expression of immunosuppressive cells and upregulation of CTLA‐4 and PD‐1 immune checkpoints (Gao et al 2009, Hato et al 2014, Pardee & Butterfield 2012). Hepatitis B virus (HBV) and hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection are also associated with upregulation of regulatory T cells and PD‐L1/PD‐1 expression (Miroux et al 2010, Pardee & Butterfield 2012). Blockade of PD‐L1/PD‐1 or CTLA4 immune checkpoints demonstrated clinical benefit in HCC as monotherapy. In preclinical studies, combination of anti‐PD‐L1 and anti‐CTLA‐4 antibodies enhanced anti‐tumour activity compared to monotherapy, indicating that the two pathways are non‐redundant (Stewart, et al). Early clinical data from a phase I/II trial combining anti‐PD‐L1 and CTLA‐4 (NCT02519348) demonstrated safety and a durable objective response rate (ORR) of 18%, prompting study expansion. Methods: HIMALAYA (NCT03298451) is the first randomized, open‐label, multicenter, phase 3 study to assess the efficacy and safety of D+T combination therapy versus sorafenib in the first‐line treatment of patients with unresectable, histologically‐confirmed HCC. Patients will be randomized to arms evaluating D monotherapy, D+T combination therapy, or sorafenib monotherapy. Patients will be stratified according to macrovascular invasion (yes versus no), etiology of liver disease (HBV versus HCV versus others), and performance status (ECOG 0 vs 1). The primary endpoint for this study is overall survival (OS). Secondary endpoints include ORR, duration of response, disease control rate, progression‐free survival, and time to progression according to RECIST v1.1 using investigator assessments. Safety and health‐related QoL will also be assessed.
Use of MyPyramid Menu Planner for Moms in a weight-loss intervention during lactation$$$ The Internet offers a valuable resource for promotion of healthy eating and Web‐based communication between the dietetics practitioner and client. In a 16‐week intervention examining the effects of energy restriction (500 kcal/day) and exercise on body composition in overweight/obese lactating women, MyPyramid Menu Planner for Moms was used to support dietary counseling. Random assignment occurred at 4 weeks postpartum to either an Intervention group (n=14) or Minimal Care group (n=13) from 2008 through 2010. Three 24‐hour dietary recalls were obtained using the Nutrition Data System at 4 and 20 weeks postpartum. Individual MyPyramid Menu Planner accounts were created for the Intervention group and used in face‐to‐face dietary counseling. Repeated measures analysis of variance was used to test for differences between groups for change in dietary intake and weight. Changes in energy, saturated fat, and percent of energy from added sugars were significantly different between Intervention group and Minimal Care group (‐613 [521] kcal vs ‐171 [435] kcal$$$ P=0.03$$$ ‐14.9 [14.0] g vs +0.9 [13.4] g$$$ P<0.01$$$ and ‐3.5% [5.3%] vs +2.2% [4.8%]$$$ P<0.01, respectively). The Intervention group significantly increased their whole fruit servings and decreased their total grain and milk servings compared with the Minimal Care group (P<0.05). The Intervention group lost significantly more weight (‐5.8 [3.5] kg) than the Minimal Care group (‐1.6 [5.4] kg) (P=0.03). Although participants must have access to an Internet‐based computer and possess basic food knowledge, these results suggest MyPyramid Menu Planner might prove to be an effective dietary counseling support tool for improving dietary intake and promoting weight loss during lactation.
Can soy intake affect serum uric acid level? Pooled analysis from two 6-month randomized controlled trials among Chinese postmenopausal women with prediabetes or prehypertension$$$ PURPOSE: Hyperuricemia is a recognized risk factor for cardiovascular diseases. Soy foods contain a moderate amount of purine and may predispose to raised serum uric acid (UA). However, no study has examined the long‐term effect of soy intake on UA levels. We examined whether consumption of soy foods and isoflavone extracts for 6 months altered serum UA. METHODS: The analysis included two randomized controlled trials (soy protein trial and whole soy trial) among total 450 postmenopausal women with either prehypertension or prediabetes. We conducted a pooled analysis by combining participants from both the soy flour and soy protein groups (combined soy foods group), participants from both the isoflavone and daidzein groups (combined isoflavone group) and participants from both milk placebo groups. Fasting venous samples were obtained at baseline and the end of the trial for serum UA analysis. RESULTS: In the pooled data, 417 subjects completed the study according to protocol. The baseline serum UA levels were comparable among the three combined groups. There was a lower decrease in UA levels among women in the combined soy foods group compared with women in the other two groups (p = 0.028 and 0.026). The net decrease and % decrease in UA were 14.5 μmol/L (95 % CI 1.93‐25.6, p = 0.023) or 4.9 % (95 % CI 1.3‐8.5 %, p = 0.023) between the combined soy foods group and placebo group. CONCLUSIONS: Among Chinese postmenopausal women with either prehypertension or prediabetes, soy intake did not increase urate levels.
Is conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) a protective factor in atherosclerosis? Study with the use of neural networks$$$ PURPOSE: Conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) is a term used for positional and geometrical isomers of linoleic acid whose two unsaturated bonds are separated by one saturated bond (cis9trans11 and trans10cis12). Cooked meat and milk are among the richest dietary sources of CLA. Recently, much attention has been devoted to CLA due to its anti‐cancer, anti‐atherogenic, and anti‐diabetic properties. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Our study group comprised 29 patients aged 45 to 75 years who were operated for atherosclerotic stenosis in the carotid arteries. RESULTS: Venous blood was collected after an overnight fast. Total cholesterol and triglycerides were assayed with enzymatic test kits. HDL‐cholesterol was measured after precipitation with sodium magnesium phosphotungstate. LDL‐cholesterol was calculated from total cholesterol, triglyceride and HDL‐cholesterol concentrations using Friedewald's formula. A Perkin‐Elmer gas chromatograph (model 8500) was used to analyze fatty acids methyl esters. Statistical analysis was performed with the Statistica Neural Networks software. Significantly lower plasma content of c9t11 CLA, linoleic, and arachidonic acids was found in the study group as compared with controls. Parametric analysis disclosed that c9t11 CLA concentrations depended on triglycerides and arachidonic acid in the study group and on linoleic acid and triglycerides in controls. An increase in total cholesterol concentration was associated with a decrease in the concentration of c9t11 CLA in the study group and a parallel increase in the control group.
The safety and efficacy of a silymarin and selenium combination in men after radical prostatectomy - a six month placebo-controlled double-blind clinical trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Silymarin, a milk thistle flavonolignan mixture, has anti‐proliferative and anti‐angiogenic activities in xenografts of human prostate cancer (PCa). Low dietary selenium on the other hand has been associated with increased incidence of PCa. The purpose of the current trial was to determine whether a daily administration of a silymarin and selenium (SM‐Se) combination for 6 months would alter basic clinical chemistry and oxidative stress markers, and improve the quality of life score (QoL) in men after radical prostatectomy (RP). METHODS: Thirty seven participants, 2‐3 months after RP, were randomly assigned to receive 570 mg of silymarin and 240 µg of selenium as selenomethionine (n = 19, SM‐Se group) or placebo (n = 18, Placebo group) daily for six months. Both groups had similar clinical and demographic characteristics. Physical examination, QoL score, haematology, basic clinical chemistry and oxidative stress markers, selenium and testosterone levels, antioxidant status were evaluated at baseline, at 3 and 6 months. RESULTS: The six months administration of silymarin and selenium improved the QoL score, decreased low density lipoproteins (LDL) and total cholesterol and, increased serum selenium levels. The combination had no effect on blood antioxidant status and no influence on testosterone level. No adverse events were recorded. No improvement was found in the placebo group. CONCLUSIONS: The selected combination of silymarin and selenium significantly reduced two markers of lipid metabolism known to be associated with PCa progression, LDL and total cholesterol in the blood of men after RP. This suggests that this combination may be effective in reducing PCa progression.
Effect of oral silymarin administration on prevention of radiotherapy induced mucositis: a randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled clinical trial$$$ Background: Mucositis is a frequent severe complication of radiation therapy in patients with head and neck cancer. Silymarin is a polyphenolic flavonoid extracted from the milk thistle that exhibits a strong antioxidant and anti‐inflammatory activities. In this study, we evaluated silymarin efficacy in prevention of radiotherapy‐induced mucositis in patients with head and neck cancer as the first in human study. Methods: During this pilot, randomized, double‐blinded, placebo‐controlled clinical trial, the effect of oral silymarin 420 mg daily in three divided doses starting at the first day of radiotherapy session and continuing for six weeks on oral mucositis occurrence were assessed. Twenty‐seven patients fulfilled the inclusion criteria assigned to the silymarin or placebo group. World Health Organization (WHO) and National Cancer Institute‐Common Terminology Criteria (NCI‐CTC) oral mucositis grading scale scores were recorded at baseline and weekly during the 6 weeks. Results: The medianWHOand NCI‐CTC scores was significantly lower in the silymarin group at the end of the first to sixth week (P<0.05). The scores increased significantly in both placebo and silymarin groups during radiotherapy but there was a delay for mucositis development and progression in the silymarin group. Conclusions: Prophylactic administration of conventional form of silymarin tablets could reduce radiotherapy‐induced mucositis in patients with head and neck cancer.
Impact of fruit beverage consumption on the antioxidant status in healthy women$$$ BACKGROUND: Epidemiologic studies suggest that antioxidant‐rich foods might reduce the risk of cancer and cardiovascular diseases. AIM: To test the health‐protective potential of three fruit beverages, Fb (grape‐orange‐apricot), FbM (Fb with skimmed milk) and FbMFe [FbM + Fe(II)], in healthy women. METHODS: The influence of fruit beverage consumption (500 ml/day) upon serum antioxidant capacity determined by ORAC and TEAC methods and erythrocyte superoxide dismutase (SOD) activity was assessed in 32 healthy female volunteers. In the intervention study, each subject received the fruit beverages during three periods (3 weeks for Fb and FbM, and 12 weeks in the case of FbMFe), with a 2‐week washout period between treatments. RESULTS: Intake of fruit beverages does not improve total antioxidant capacity. However, the induction of SOD found after fruit beverage consumption may be more effective than the effects of antioxidants present in these beverages, which can only stoichiometrically scavenge reactive species derived from oxidative stress. CONCLUSION: Iron added to FbM (FbMFe) showed induction of SOD activity, with no prooxidant effect, and could constitute a complementary source of iron, because the regular consumption of FbMFe may be beneficial for women of fertile age.
Dietary plant sterols alter the serum plant sterol concentration but not the cholesterol precursor sterol concentrations in young children (the STRIP Study). Special Turku Coronary Risk Factor Intervention Project$$$ Plant sterol supplementation reduces serum cholesterol concentration but may increase serum plant sterol concentrations, especially in children. We determined whether natural dietary plant sterols derived mainly from vegetable oil or margarine in early childhood affect serum concentrations of plant sterols (campesterol and sitosterol) and cholesterol precursor sterols (Delta‐8 cholestenol, desmosterol, and lathosterol), reflecting endogenous cholesterol synthesis. We measured the serum sterol concentrations using gas liquid chromatography in 20 healthy 13‐mo‐old intervention children in a randomized, prospective study designed to decrease exposure of the children to known environmental atherosclerosis risk factors and in 20 control children. The diet of the intervention children was rich in plant sterols due to replacement of milk fat with vegetable fat, whereas the diet of the control children contained only small amounts of plant sterols. The intervention children consumed twice as much plant sterols as the control children (P < 0.001). Their serum concentrations of campesterol and sitosterol were 75% and 44% higher, respectively, than those in the control children (P < 0.001 for both), but serum cholesterol precursor sterol concentrations did not differ between the two groups. We conclude that doubling dietary plant sterol intake almost doubles serum plant sterol concentrations in 13‐mo‐old children, but has no effect on endogenous cholesterol synthesis. Relative intestinal absorption of natural plant sterols from the diet in early childhood is similar to that in adults.
Dietary plant sterols alter the serum plant sterol concentration but not the cholesterol precursor sterol concentrations in young children (the STRIP Study). Special Turku Coronary Risk Factor Intervention Project$$$ Plant sterol supplementation reduces serum cholesterol concentration but may increase serum plant sterol concentrations, especially in children. We determined whether natural dietary plant sterols derived mainly from vegetable oil or margarine in early childhood affect serum concentrations of plant sterols (campesterol and sitosterol) and cholesterol precursor sterols (Delta‐8 cholestenol, desmosterol, and lathosterol), reflecting endogenous cholesterol synthesis. We measured the serum sterol concentrations using gas liquid chromatography in 20 healthy 13‐mo‐old intervention children in a randomized, prospective study designed to decrease exposure of the children to known environmental atherosclerosis risk factors and in 20 control children. The diet of the intervention children was rich in plant sterols due to replacement of milk fat with vegetable fat, whereas the diet of the control children contained only small amounts of plant sterols. The intervention children consumed twice as much plant sterols as the control children (P < 0.001). Their serum concentrations of campesterol and sitosterol were 75% and 44% higher, respectively, than those in the control children (P < 0.001 for both), but serum cholesterol precursor sterol concentrations did not differ between the two groups. We conclude that doubling dietary plant sterol intake almost doubles serum plant sterol concentrations in 13‐mo‐old children, but has no effect on endogenous cholesterol synthesis. Relative intestinal absorption of natural plant sterols from the diet in early childhood is similar to that in adults.
Uses of Bhanga(Cannabis sativa Linn)in cancer patients$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Processed powder of Bhanga in capsule form: Experimental studies to decide the dose is underway. The decided dose will be administered along with milk and sugar as adjuvant. Control Intervention1: Analgesics: Analgesics at a dose upto 500mg TDS CONDITION: The patients receiving the any type of available standard or ayurvedic management for cancer with pain as a main symptom with poor quality of life PRIMARY OUTCOME: Primary expected outcome will be reduction in pain and improvement in quality of life and overall associated symptoms in cancer patients‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 1 month drug intervention and 1 week follow up SECONDARY OUTCOME: Development of shodhit i e purified Bhanga churna in the management of improving quality of life in cancer patients specially as a analgesic agent‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 1 year INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) Institutionally diagnosed patients of any type of cancer with pain and ECOG score upto 3. 2) Patients willing to participate in trials. 3) Patients of either sex aged between 18 â?? 70 years 4) Patients undergoing any type of standard palliative treatment for cancer except for pain management.
The Effect of Soy and Whey Protein Supplementation on Glucose Homeostasis in Healthy Normal Weight Asian Indians$$$ Milk and legumes are good source of protein foods used to sustain muscle mass, but their effects on postprandial glucose homeostasis and energy metabolism may be different. This is relevant, for example, in the dietetic response to obesity or diabetes, where the intake of high‐quality protein is often increased significantly. The objective of this study was to characterize the acute effect of whey and soy protein (15% vs. 30%) on glucose homeostasis, energy metabolism, and satiety. Healthy, normal body mass index (BMI) Indian adult males aged 20‐35 years (n = 15) received 4 test meals (2 proteins (soy vs. whey) and 2 doses (15% vs. 30% protein: energy ratio)). Blood samples were collected serially after the meal to calculate the incremental area under the curve for plasma glucose and insulin. Energy expenditure and substrate oxidation were measured after the meal. Satiety was measured with a visual analogue scale. The insulin response, represented by the incremental area under the curve, was significantly higher for the 30% whey compared to the 30% soy protein meal (p<0.01) but was not significantly different between the 15% protein doses. There were no differences in the plasma glucose response across protein sources or doses. The mean peak fat and carbohydrate oxidation, satiety, and energy expenditure did not differ between the protein sources and doses. In conclusion, at higher doses, whey protein has a greater insulinogenic response, compared to soy protein, and exhibits a dose‐response effect. However, at lower doses, whey and soy protein elicit similar insulinogenic responses, making them equally effective protein sources in relation to glucose homoeostasis.
Daily Consumption of Chocolate Rich in Flavonoids Decreases Cellular Genotoxicity and Improves Biochemical Parameters of Lipid and Glucose Metabolism$$$ In recent years, the incidence of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, obesity, and diabetes has increased largely worldwide. In the present work, we evaluated the genoprotective effect of the consumption of flavonoids‐rich chocolate on 84 young volunteers. Biochemical indicators related to the prevention and treatment of cardiovascular risk and metabolic syndrome were also determined. A randomized, placebo‐controlled, double‐blind study was performed in the Autonomous University of Baja California. The treatments comprised the daily consumption of either 2 g of dark chocolate containing 70% cocoa, or 2 g of milk chocolate, for 6 months. The total amount of phenolic compounds and flavonoids was determined in both types of chocolate. Anthropometrical and Biochemical parameters were recorded prior to and after the study. The evaluation of the genotoxicity in buccal epithelial cells was performed throughout the duration of the study. Flavonoids from cocoa in dark chocolate significantly prevented DNA damage, and improved the nucleus integrity of cells. This effect could be related to the antioxidant capacity of the dark chocolate that decreased cellular stress. Biochemical parameters (total cholesterol, triglycerides, and LDL‐cholesterol level in blood) and anthropometrical parameters (waist circumference) were improved after six months of daily intake of 2 g of dark chocolate with a 70% of cocoa.
A Randomized Comparative Clinical Study of Lodhra Churna with Krishna Tila Kwatha and Shatapushpa Taila Matra Basti in the Management of PCOS$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Shatpushpa taila Matra basti: Shatpushpa, Pippali, Pippalimula, Chavya, Chitraka, Shunthi, Tila taila, Milk, Dose‐60ml Just After Food by Anal route 7 alternate days each in 2 consecutive cycles from the day after the cessation of menstrual cycle. Control Intervention1: Lodhra Churana with Krishna Tila Kwatha: Lodhra Churana (Dose‐ 3gm BD), Krishna Tila (Dose‐ 40ml with Prakshepa dravya Guda 10 gm BD)‐ by Oral route CONDITION: Follicular cyst of ovary PRIMARY OUTCOME: To study the detail aetiopathogenesis of Artavakshaya (PCOS) as per classical & modern text. $$$ Changes in the clinical features of Artavakshaya (PCOS). $$$ Attainment of normal menstrual cycle length (21‐35days). $$$ To assess the effect of Lodhra Churna with Krishna Tila Kwatha in Artavakshaya. $$$ To assess the effect of Shatapushpa Taila Matra Basti in Artavakshaya.Timepoint: 2 Months SECONDARY OUTCOME: Improvement of Quality of LifeTimepoint: 2 months INCLUSION CRITERIA: PCOS patients suffering from any of the two features in the following‐ Duration of flow less than 2 days. Reduced quantity of flow (using less than 2 pads/day). Patients suffering from atleast 2 consecutive cycles with Oligomennorhoea and/ or anovulation. Patients having hirsutism. Patient having mid body obesity. Atleast one ovary showing PCO (diagnosed by USG). {ESHRE/ASRM‐ Rotterdam revised criteria for PCOD, 2003}
Can infant feeding choices modulate later obesity risk?$$$ Since the concept of lasting programming effects on disease risk in human adults by the action of hormones, metabolites, and neurotransmitters during sensitive periods of early development was proposed >3 decades ago, ample supporting evidence has evolved from epidemiologic and experimental studies and clinical trials. For example, numerous studies have reported programming effects of infant feeding choices on later obesity. Three meta‐analyses of observational studies found that obesity risk at school age was reduced by 15‐25% with early breastfeeding compared with formula feeding. We proposed that breastfeeding protects against later obesity by reducing the occurrence of high weight gain in infancy and that one causative factor is the lower protein content of human milk compared with most infant formula (the early protein hypothesis). We are testing this hypothesis in the European Childhood Obesity Project, a double‐blind, randomized clinical trial that includes >1000 infants in 5 countries (Belgium, Germany, Italy, Poland, and Spain). We randomly assigned healthy infants who were born at term to receive for the first year infant formula and follow‐on formula with higher or lower protein contents, respectively. The follow‐up data obtained at age 2 y indicate that feeding formula with reduced protein content normalizes early growth relative to a breastfed reference group and the new World Health Organization growth standard, which may furnish a significant long‐term protection against later obesity. We conclude that infant feeding practice has a high potential for long‐term health effects, and the results obtained should stimulate the review of recommendations and policies for infant formula composition
High-fructose corn syrup and sucrose have equivalent effects on energy-regulating hormones at normal human consumption levels$$$ Intake of high‐fructose corn syrup (HFCS) has been suggested to contribute to the increased prevalence of obesity, whereas a number of studies and organizations have reported metabolic equivalence between HFCS and sucrose. We hypothesized that HFCS and sucrose would have similar effects on energy‐regulating hormones and metabolic substrates at normal levels of human consumption and that these values would not change over a 10‐week, free‐living period at these consumption levels. This was a randomized, prospective, double‐blind, parallel group study in which 138 adult men and women consumed 10 weeks of low‐fat milk sweetened with either HFCS or sucrose at levels of the 25th, 50th, and 90th percentile population consumption of fructose (the equivalent of 40, 90, or 150 g of sugar per day in a 2000‐kcal diet). Before and after the 10‐week intervention, 24‐hour blood samples were collected. The area under the curve (AUC) for glucose, insulin, leptin, active ghrelin, triglyceride, and uric acid was measured. There were no group differences at baseline or posttesting for all outcomes (interaction, P > .05). The AUC response of glucose, active ghrelin, and uric acid did not change between baseline and posttesting (P > .05), whereas the AUC response of insulin (P < .05), leptin (P < .001), and triglyceride (P < .01) increased over the course of the intervention when the 6 groups were averaged. We conclude that there are no differences in the metabolic effects of HFCS and sucrose when compared at low, medium, and high levels of consumption.
Daily Consumption of Chocolate Rich in Flavonoids Decreases Cellular Genotoxicity and Improves Biochemical Parameters of Lipid and Glucose Metabolism$$$ In recent years, the incidence of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, obesity, and diabetes has increased largely worldwide. In the present work, we evaluated the genoprotective effect of the consumption of flavonoids‐rich chocolate on 84 young volunteers. Biochemical indicators related to the prevention and treatment of cardiovascular risk and metabolic syndrome were also determined. A randomized, placebo‐controlled, double‐blind study was performed in the Autonomous University of Baja California. The treatments comprised the daily consumption of either 2 g of dark chocolate containing 70% cocoa, or 2 g of milk chocolate, for 6 months. The total amount of phenolic compounds and flavonoids was determined in both types of chocolate. Anthropometrical and Biochemical parameters were recorded prior to and after the study. The evaluation of the genotoxicity in buccal epithelial cells was performed throughout the duration of the study. Flavonoids from cocoa in dark chocolate significantly prevented DNA damage, and improved the nucleus integrity of cells. This effect could be related to the antioxidant capacity of the dark chocolate that decreased cellular stress. Biochemical parameters (total cholesterol, triglycerides, and LDL‐cholesterol level in blood) and anthropometrical parameters (waist circumference) were improved after six months of daily intake of 2 g of dark chocolate with a 70% of cocoa.
The effect of viscosity on the rate of gastric emptying$$$ INTERVENTION: Cross‐over experiment with 2 gastric emptying measurements per subject. In one of the conditions a fixed amount of 500g of the low viscosity product will be consumed, in the other condition a fixed amount of 500g of the high viscosity product. Food products are randomized and balanced. CONDITION: $$$ obesitas 10003018 PRIMARY OUTCOME: The main study outcome is gastric emptying (and the variation in that $$$ measurement). Gastric emptying will be measured with a non‐invasive breath $$$ test. The subject will come in fasting state to the research centre and ingest $$$ the test product which is labelled with 13C. The test foods consist of 2 $$$ chocolate flavoured milk products, differing in viscosity. Breath samples will $$$ be collected before consumption of the food and at 15 minute intervals during 3 $$$ hours. Breath samples will be analyzed on concentration of 13C. 13C recovery $$$ (T1/2 and Tlag) will be used as a measure for gastric emptying. $$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: Appetite and wellbeing ratings will be measured during the test by means of $$$ Visual Analogue Scales. $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: *Apparently healthy, self reported *Young adult males: 18‐30 year *Normal weight: BMI 18.5‐25 kg/m2 *Used to eating breakfast (> 5 times per week) *
Muscarinic blockade inhibits gastric emptying of mixed-nutrient meal: effects of weight and gender$$$ We compared the vagal contribution to gastric emptying in lean and obese subjects by monitoring gastric emptying of a meal during muscarinic blockade. Lean (n = 6) and obese subjects (n = 6) underwent two treatments: 1) saline infusion and 2) atropine infusion [0.4 mg/m2 bolus, 0.4 mg. (m2)‐1. h‐1] for 2 h, initiated 30 min before ingestion of a 600‐kcal breakfast (64% carbohydrate, 23% fat, 13% protein) composed of orange juice (labeled with Indium‐111), egg sandwich (labeled with Technetium‐99m), cereal, milk, and banana. Anterior and posterior images were taken every 90 s for 90 min using a dual‐headed camera. Atropine significantly delayed emptying of both solid (P < 0.007) and liquid (P < 0.002). Obese subjects exhibited a greater delay in liquid emptying during muscarinic blockade compared with lean subjects (P < 0.02). Female subjects exhibited a slower rate of gastric emptying and were less sensitive to atropine. These data suggest that obese subjects exhibit altered gastric cholinergic activity compared with lean subjects and that gender differences in gastric emptying rate may be due to differences in autonomic tone.
Uptake of triglyceride fatty acids in adipose tissue in vivo in man$$$ Currently available information on adipose tissue metabolism in man is mainly based on studies in vitro. In the present work adipose tissue lipid uptake was studied in vivo in man. 100 g glucose and 120 g milk fat with 10 microCi U‐14C oleic acid were given in the overnight fasting state to eight women and 2 h after a carbohydrate‐rich meal to eight women. After 4 h, 1‐day, 1 week and 1 month radioactivity levels were determined in the lipids of adipose tissue in the femoral and abdominal regions and in plasma. At 4 h 30 and 20% of the oleic acid was estimated to remain in the extracellular space in the fasted and fed groups respectively, measured in plasma. Contents of oleic acid radioactivity was higher in the abdominal than femoral region. An estimated 27 and 46 g of fat was taken up in adipose tissue of the fasted and fed groups, constituting 1/3 and 1/2 of total tissue uptake respectively. After 1 day these figures were 43 and 60 g respectively. At 1 week and 1 month adipose tissue radioactivity was increasing slowly. Lipoprotein lipase (LPL) activity in adipose tissue at 4 h was higher in the femoral than abdominal adipose tissue and higher in the fed than fasted state in the abdominal region. A significant correlation was found between uptake and LPL in abdominal adipose tissue only. These results show that uptake of fat measured in vivo is probably not necessarily reflected by LPL measurements only, suggesting other regulatory factors.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Acupuncture, hypnosis and experimental pain-1. Study with volunteers$$$ An experiment was designed to evaluate the protective effects of different agents ‐ acupuncture, hypnosis, Morphine, aspirin, Diazepam and placebo ‐ upon experimentally‐induced pain in humans. Twenty normal, healthy volunteers were subjected to cold water and tourniquet‐induced pain and the protective effects of 35 minutes of hypnotic suggestion, electro‐stimulation of both acupuncture points and non‐acupuncture points, 10 mg/kg of Morphine, 5 grains of aspirin, 10 mg of Diazepam and a milk sugar placebo were evaluated. Data was collected on subjective evaluation of pain, EKG, EEG, respiration, skin temperature, peripheral vascular activity and EMG. A special study was also done to evaluate the effects of all the above agents on the somatosensory evoked potentials and EEG. The data were further analyzed on the basis of hypnotic susceptibility of the volunteers. The results indicated: Hypnosis, acupuncture at specific sites with electrical stimulation and Morphine Sulphate had about the same reduction in experimental pain. Hypnosis produced different effects from those resulting from acupuncture stimulation on EEG. Acupuncture stimulation in specific loci resulted in a latency increase in the early secondary response on somatosensory evoked potential. Cold water pain was remarkably reduced after true acupuncture point stimulation. Tourniquet (ischemic) pain was reduced by both hypnosis and true acupuncture site stimulation. Skin temperature was significantly reduced on the side of acupuncture points (true) stimulation.
Glycemic Index testing of high protein supplement$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Test Food: 25/50g available carbohydrate providing test food high protein nutrition supplement with immuno nutrients with water Intervention2: Test Food: 25/50g available carbohydrate providing test food high protein nutrition supplement with immuno nutrients with milk Control Intervention1: Reference‐Glucose: Glucose providing 25/50g available carbohydrate will be given as reference food thrice during the study period CONDITION: PRIMARY OUTCOME: Glycemic index (GI) category of food productsTimepoint: Capillary blood glucose will be assessed at ‐5, 0 (fasting), 15, 30, 45,60,90,120 mins post ingestion of test and reference foods. The testing will be done on separate days for test and reference foods. SECONDARY OUTCOME: NILTimepoint: NIL INCLUSION CRITERIA: Age ‐18 to 45 years BMI â?¥18.5 to â?¤ 22.9 kg/ m2 (as per WHO cut off for normal BMI) Both male and female Willingness to consume the test foods no known food allergy or intolerance$$$ no medications known to affect glucose tolerance (excluding oral contraceptives) â?? stable doses of oral contraceptives, acetylsalicylic acid, thyroxin, vitamins and mineral supplements or drugs to treat hypertension or osteoporosis are
Comparative study of various regimens in Alopecia areata$$$ AIM: To compare clinical efficacy of liquid phenol (20%), Minoxidil (2%), and oral minipulse steroid in Alopecia areata.METHOD: A randomized single blind clinical comparative study was undertaken on 51 patients of Alopecia areata.Among which 17 patients were applied liquid phenol (20%) on weekly basis, 17 patients were applied liquid phenol (20%) on weekly basis & asked to apply topical Minoxidil (2%) from second day twice daily, remaining 17 patients were given oral minipulse therapy in the form of Tab. Betamethasone (1 mg) 5 tab on Saturday/Sunday with milk along with weekly liquid phenol (20%). Patients in each group were asked to come for follow up on weekly basis till 3 months. Clinical improvement was assessed in each visit and complications were noted.RESULTS: We observed a clinical improvement of 100% in maximum no. of patients (88.23%) treated with liquid phenol (20%) with oral minipulse steroid while it was only (47.06%) and (52.94%) in patients treated with liquid phenol (20%) alone & liquid phenol (20%) with Minoxidil (2%)CONCLUSION: As per study, combination therapy of liquid phenol and oral minipulse steroid is better than single agent used alone. Addition of Minoxidil (2%) did not affect the results markedly. Liquid phenol with minipulse steroids is more cost effective than liquid phenol with minoxidil.
Casein hydrolysate containing Val-Pro-Pro and Ile-Pro-Pro improves central blood pressure and arterial stiffness in hypertensive subjects: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial$$$ OBJECTIVE: This trial evaluated the effects of casein hydrolysate containing milk‐derived peptides, Val‐Pro‐Pro (VPP) and Ile‐Pro‐Pro (IPP), on central blood pressure and arterial stiffness. METHODS: A randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial was conducted in 70 Japanese subjects aged 50‐69 years with untreated stage‐I hypertension. They were randomly assigned to two groups, which received either placebo tablets or active tablets containing 3.4 mg of VPP and IPP. At the beginning and end of the 8‐week intervention, hemodynamic parameters, including central blood pressure and brachial‐ankle pulse wave velocity (baPWV), a marker of arterial stiffness, were measured. RESULTS: A significant difference in changes in central systolic blood pressure between the groups was observed (active: ‐11.0±11.0 vs placebo: ‐4.5±9.6 mmHg, P<0.01). In the active group, reductions in baPWV (‐73.9±130.0 vs ‐8.4±137.1 cm/s, P<0.05), brachial SBP (‐10.5±11.5 vs ‐3.9±9.6 mmHg, P<0.05), and radial mean blood pressure (‐7.3±8.9 vs ‐2.0±7.4 mmHg, P<0.01) were significantly greater as compared with the placebo group. CONCLUSION: Casein hydrolysate containing VPP and IPP improves central SBP and baPWV in hypertensive subjects, which suggests VPP and IPP might have beneficial effects on arterial properties.
Prazosin in hypertension. Part II. Effects of the initial dose$$$ The events after the first dose of prazosin have been studied. Twenty‐four patients with hypertension were given a single 1 mg tablet. Supine and erect blood pressures were recorded at 15‐minute intervals for up to 270 minutes. Six had no previous therapy, 18 were uncontrolled on other drugs, chiefly thiazides or beta‐adrenergic blockers or a combination of both. In 10 patients in whom no symptoms of postural hypotension occurred, there was a mean maximum erect diastolic blood pressure fall of 21/14mmHg at an average of 110 minutes after the dose. The remaining 14 had symptoms of postural hypotension of which four were milk, seven moderate and three severe. The mean maximum erect diastolic blood pressure reduction in this group was 67/52mmHg at a mean of 90 minutes after the dose. Subsequent therapeutic response was better in those with an abrupt initial blood pressure fall. Twenty‐two further patients were studied in the same manner with a single dose 0.5mg (tablet), 11 of them in a double‐blind within‐patient crossover study with placebo. Postural symptoms or significant tachycardia did not occur with this dose. Most patients experience some postural hypotension after the first dose of prazosin. Symptoms occur only when this fall is marked, and the extent of the fall is dose related.
Glycemic index testing of beverage-meal replacement and a herbal paste$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Test food: 25/50g available carbohydrate providing test food‐BDK‐01 meal replacement with water will be given once Intervention2: Test food: 25/50g available carbohydrate providing test food‐BDK‐02 meal replacement with skimmed milk will be given once Intervention3: Test food: 25/50g available carbohydrate providing meal replacement‐ BDK‐01+ protein powder‐PRP‐02 with water will be given once Intervention4: Test food: 25/50g available carbohydrate providing multi ingredient herbal paste‐IBY03 with BDK‐01 meal replacement with water will be given once Control Intervention1: Reference Food: 25/50g available carbohydrate providing glucose in 125/250g water will be given as reference food on 3 different occasions. CONDITION: PRIMARY OUTCOME: Glycemic index and response of meal replacements and herbal paste compared to reference glucoseTimepoint: Capillary blood samples will be collected at 0 min‐ fasting and 4 times at an interval of 15 mins‐15,30,45,60 mins and 2 times at interval of half an hour‐90 and 120 mins for each test and reference food to determine the glycemic index. SECONDARY OUTCOME: NilTimepoint: Nil INCLUSION CRITERIA: BMI more than 18.5 to less than 22.9 kg/ m2 (as per WHO cut off for normal BMI) Willingness to consume the test foods no known food allergy or intolerance$$$ no medications known to affect glucose tolerance (excluding oral contraceptives) Ã¢â?¬â?  stable doses of oral contraceptives, acetylsalicylic acid, thyroxin, vitamins and mineral supplements or drugs to treat hypertension or osteoporosis are acceptable.
Intestinal flora modulation in the treatment of Arterial Hypertension$$$ INTERVENTION: This is a randomised, placebo‐controlled clinical trial. Experimental group: 60 patients with high blood pressure will receive 2 sachets of probiotics (a mixture of Lactobacillus acidophillus, Lactobacillus casei, Lactococcus lactis, Bifidobacterium lactis and Bifidobacterium bifidum) and 15g of fibre (oat bran and psyllium) per day for 04 months. Control group: 60 patients with arterial hypertension will receive 2 sachets of placebo (2g polydextrose) per day for 04 months. In both groups, patients will be followed by by team nutritionists who will provide dietary advice based on the the DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) diet, which encourages the consumption of fruits, vegetables, whole grains, nuts, seeds, low‐fat milk and lean meats, and salt, and caffeinated and alcoholic beverages. The groups were randomised by age and the supplementation is offered for a period of 04 months. CONDITION: Essential (primary) hypertension PRIMARY OUTCOME: It is expected that the composition and diversity of the gut microbiota of patients with hypertension will improve, resulting in better cardiovascular, anthropometric, metabolic and inflammatory parameters compared to pre‐intervention. SECONDARY OUTCOME: No secondary outcomes are expected. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Hypertensive volunteers$$$ both sexes$$$ non‐smokers$$$ aged between 20 and 59 years$$$ diagnosed with arterial hypertension for more than one year
Early preterm nutrition and the urinary metabolome in young adult life: follow-up of a randomised controlled trial$$$ Objective We aimed to test the hypothesis that early diet programmes the metabolic profile of young adults born preterm. Design We analysed banked urine samples obtained at a 20‐year follow‐up visit from adults that had participated as neonates in controlled trials involving randomisation within 48 hours of birth to feeds of preterm formula (PTF), banked breast milk (BBM) or term formula (TF) for 1 month postnatally. Main outcome measures We performed proton nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy, analysing spectra by dietary group and sex. Orthogonal projections to latent structure discriminant analyses was used to model class differences and identify metabolites contributing to the differences between groups. Additionally, spectra were correlated with birth weight, gestational age and weight z score at 2 weeks of age. results Of the original number of 926 trial participants, urine samples were available from 197 (21%) healthy young adults (42% men) born preterm (mean 30.7±2.8 weeks) and randomised to BBM (n=55$$$ 28 men), TF (n=48$$$ 14 men) and PTF (n=93$$$ 40 men). We found no significant differences in urinary spectra between dietary groups including when stratified by sex. Correlation analysis revealed a weak association between metabolic profile and gestational age that was lost on controlling for ethanol excretion. conclusions We found no evidence that dietary exposures in the neonatal period influence the metabolic phenotype in young adult life.
Effect of dietary proteins on blood pressure$$$ INTERVENTION: The intervention will consist of a fixed diet for 6 weeks, whereas there will be supplements provided after 2 weeks. During supplementation, the high‐protein group will have a 60 gr reduction of carbohydrates in their diet, that will be replaced by 60 gr protein supplement. This protein supplement consists of milk, egg (60%) and soy and pea proteins (40%) (3 X20gr supplement). The diet of the high‐carbohydrate group will also be reduced with 60 gr of carbohydrate and this will be replaced by maltodextrin equal to 60 gr of carbohydrate (3 X20gr supplement). Bloodpressure will be taken every week. In a subgroup there will be measurements determining mechanisms involved in the regulation of bloodpressure. These will be forearm bloodflow, kidney blood flow & filtration rate, heart rate volume, cardiac output and arterial stifness. Subsequently there will be several bloodsamples taken. These measurements will take place after two and si Xweeks. CONDITION: $$$ elevated bloodpressure 10057166 PRIMARY OUTCOME: bloodpressure (fastened and ambulantory)$$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: Heartrate volume and cardiac output, forearm bloodflow, renal bloodflow, $$$ sympathetic activity, activity of the renin‐angiotensin‐aldosteron system, $$$ glomerular filtration rate, sodium homeostase, acid production, endothelial $$$ function. $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: (mild) hypertension
Evening ready-to-eat cereal consumption contributes to weight management$$$ OBJECTIVES: Post dinner snacking may constitute a significant proportion of total daily energy intake and contribute to overweight and obesity in some individuals (night snackers). This study tested the hypothesis that providing a structured snack in the form of a "ready‐to‐eat" breakfast cereal would help regulate excess energy intake and contribute to weight loss in night snackers. METHODS: Adults (18 to 65 years of age, BMI kg/m2 > or = 25), with self‐reported night snacking behaviors, were randomized into a cereal group (CR) and a no‐cereal group (NC). During a period of 4 weeks, the cereal group was instructed to consume a serving of ready‐to‐eat cereal with low‐fat milk 90 minutes after their evening meal. Concurrently, the non‐cereal group continued their regular diet ad libitum. RESULTS: At baseline, there were no significant differences between groups for age, body weight, body mass index, daily caloric intake, or evening caloric intake. There was a correlation between number of days of compliance with post‐dinner cereal consumption and weight loss (r = ‐0.36, p = 0.057). After 4 weeks, the compliant subjects (cereal intake > or = 20 d) lost ‐1.85 +/‐ 3.56 lbs vs. ‐0.39 +/‐ 3.1 lb for the NC group (p = 0.06). Compared to baseline, the compliant CR group reduced their total daily caloric intake by ‐396.50 +/‐ 641.6 kcal (p < 0.02), whereas, the NC group experienced a reduction of ‐23.22 +/‐ 889.60 kcal/day during the same period (p = ns). Reduction in post‐dinner calorie intake for the compliant CR group was significantly greater compared to the NC group (‐141.74 +/‐ 385.58 kcal vs. 85.82 +/‐ 374.70 kcal$$$ p = 0.042). CONCLUSION: Eating ready‐to‐eat cereal after the evening meal may attenuate caloric intake in night snackers and promote weight loss in compliant individuals.
Methodology and early findings of the fifth survey of childhood and adolescence surveillance and prevention of adult noncommunicable disease: the CASPIAN-V study$$$ Background: This paper presents the methodology and early findings of the fifth survey of a school‐based surveillance program in Iran. Methods: This nationwide study was conducted in 2015 as the fifth survey of a surveillance program entitled “Childhood and Adolescence Surveillance and PreventIon of Adult Noncommunicable disease” (CASPIAN‐V) study. The protocol was mainly based on the World Health Organization‐Global School student Health Survey. We studied 14400 students, aged 7‐18 years, and their parents living in 30 provinces in Iran. Fasting blood was obtained from a sub‐sample of 4200 randomly selected students. Results: The participation rate for the whole study and for blood sampling were 99% and 91.5%, respectively. The mean (SD) age of participants was 12.3 (3.2) years, consisting of 49.4% girls and 71.4% urban residents. Overall, 16.1% were underweight (17.4% of boys and 14.8% of girls), and 20.8% had excess weight consisting of 9.4% (8.7% of boys and 10.2% of girls) of overweight and 11.4% (12.5% of boys and 10.3% of girls) of obesity. Abdominal obesity was documented in 21.1% of students (21.6% of boys and 20.5% of girls). Low HDL‐C was the most prevalent abnormality of the lipid profile (29.5%) followed by high serum triglycerides (27.7%). Of students, 59.9% consumed whole wheat bread$$$ and 57% reported that they never or rarely added salt to table. The reported daily consumption of fresh fruits, vegetables, and milk was about 60%, 32% and 40%, respectively. 13.7% of participants had at least 30‐min daily leisure‐time physical activity. Conclusions: The current findings provide an overview of the current health status and lifestyle habits of children and adolescents. This surveillance program would help planning preventive programs at individual and community levels.
Effect of peanut in appetite and diabetes risk$$$ INTERVENTION: B01.650.940.800.575.100.401.077 Fifteen obese women with high type 2 diabetes risk participated in a randomized crossover trial lasting 8 hours where 42.5g of whole peanuts (P), peanut butter (PB), or no peanuts (control ‐ C) were added to a 75g available carbohydrate‐matched breakfast meal. CONDITION: C18.452.394.952.500 C18.654.726.500 E00‐E90 Impaired glucose tolerance, Type 2 diabetes mellitus, Obesity $$$ C18.654.726.500 $$$ C18.452.394.952.500 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Improvement on glucose homeostasis (Glucose, insulin and free fatty acids) SECONDARY OUTCOME: Higher concentration of Glucagon‐like peptide‐1 , cholecystokinin and Peptide YY$$$ Increase satiety$$$ Reduction of food intake. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Age 18 ‐ 60 years, body mass index between 30 ‐ 35 kg/m2, not taking medications known to affect glycemia, fat metabolism, or appetite$$$ regular breakfast consumer (?100 kilocalories ingested within 2 hours of waking on ?4d/wk)$$$ no body weight fluctuation (<5kg in the past 3 months)$$$ willingness to eat all test foods$$$ no self‐reported allergy to the foods provided in the study$$$ no self‐reported sleep disorders$$$ at least one of the following conditions: waist circumference ? 88 cm$$$ reported family history of type 2 diabetes in first degree relatives$$$ capillary glycemia between 5.5 – 7.0 mmol/L$$$ and/or a 2‐hour blood glucose of 7.8 – 11.1 mmol/L (impaired glucose tolerance).
Changes in Quantity and Sources of Dietary Fiber from Adopting Healthy Low-Fat vs. Healthy Low-Carb Weight Loss Diets: secondary Analysis of DIETFITS Weight Loss Diet Study$$$ The daily intake of dietary fiber is well below the recommended levels in the US. The effect of adopting a low‐fat vs. a low‐carbohydrate weight loss diet on fiber intake is of interest but not well‐documented, especially when both approaches promote high‐quality food choices. The objective of this paper is to compare the quantity and sources of dietary fiber between a healthy low‐fat (HLF) vs. healthy low‐carbohydrate (HLC) diet group when consumed over 12 months in a weight loss diet study. In this secondary analysis of the Diet Intervention Examining The Factors Interacting with Treatment Success (DIETFITS) study, the amount and sources of dietary fiber were examined in generally healthy adults, 18?50 years of age, Body Mass Index (BMI) 28?40 kg/m2, randomized to HLF or HLC for 12 months, who had available 24‐h recalls at 0 (n = 609), 3 (n = 549), 6 (n = 491), and 12 (n = 449) months. The dietary intake was estimated by the Nutrition Data System for Research (NDS‐R). The sources of fiber were determined for the major food groups. Significantly more total dietary fiber was consumed by HLF at every post‐randomization time point, and, at 12 m, was 23.04 � 9.43 g vs. 18.61 �� 8.12 g for HLF vs. HLC, respectively, p < 0.0001. In both diet groups at 12 months, the highest amount of dietary fiber came from non‐starchy vegetables (4.13 � 3.05 g and 5.13 � 3.59 g). The other primary sources of fiber at 12 months for the HLF group were from whole grains (3.90 � 3.13 g) and fruits (3.40 � 2.87 g), and, for the HLC group, were from plant protein and fat sources, such as nuts and seeds, their butters, and avocados (2.64 � 2.64 g). In the DIETFITS study, the difference in the total fiber intake for the HLF vs. HLC groups was more modest than expected. The HLC group consumed reasonably high amounts of fiber from high‐protein and high fat plant‐based sources.
Evaluation of the impact of the Living with Style and Health Program on prevention and control of Diabetes and Hypertension$$$ INTERVENTION: Behavior modification, mutual goal setting, Assistance in self‐modification, counseling, decision support, health education, learning facility, teaching$$$ Disease process, teaching: foot care, teaching: proposed activity / exercises, teaching: prescribed diet, teaching: prescribed medication. "Experimental group: 14 healthy individuals and 24 individuals with diabetes or hypertension were advised to modify their eating behavior or level of physical activity. All were given general guidelines on healthy and unhealthy foods and level of physical activity for prevention and control of chronic diseases. Diabetic or hypertensive subjects received specific guidelines on self‐care with chronic disease. All subjects set goals for behavior modification that were followed up for six weeks. Control group: the same healthy individuals (14) and with diabetes or hypertension (24) were compared to the experimental group in relation to dietary behavior or level of physical activity and Self‐care with the chronic illness they reported prior to receiving counseling. That is, the same individuals were part of the control group (prior to counseling) and the experimental group (after counseling). The instruments of data collection were questionnaires already validated in the scientific literature" Behavioural F02.784.176 I02.233.332 CONDITION: C14.907.489 C18.452.394.750.149 C18.654.726.500 C23.550.291.500 C23.888.144.699 Diabetes, hypertension, overweight, obesity, chronic disease. $$$ C18.452.394.750.149 $$$ C14.907.489 $$$ C18.654.726.500 $$$ C23.888.144.699 $$$ C23.550.291.500 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Among the healthy participants, there was a statistically significant increase in the recommended consumption of salads (p = 0.02) and in the recommended consumption of fruits (p = 0.004). Among the chronic patients, there was a statistically significant increase in the frequency of "following the recommended diet at week (p = 0.01) and at month (p = 0.01)"$$$ "consuming five or more servings of fruits and / or vegetables per day" (p = 0.01). In the latter group, there was a decrease in the frequency of "consuming red meat and / or foods derived from whole milk (p = 0.02)"$$$ "Consuming sweets" (p = 0.04) and "consuming foods with excess sodium" (p = 0.01). Increase in the consumption of healthy foods (fruits and vegetables) and in the frequency of physical activity / exercise in the group of healthy volunteers, evaluated through questionnaires$$$ Increase in self‐care with chronic disease, in the group of volunteers with diabetes and / or hypertension, evaluated through questionnaires. The increases were verified by the statistical difference between the frequencies measured before and after intervention. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary outcomes were not expected. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Volunteers over 18 years of age$$$ Both genders$$$ With or without diagnoses of diabetes or hypertension.
Effect of feeding a formula supplemented with long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids for 14 weeks improves the ex vivo response to a mitogen and reduces the response to a soy protein in infants at low risk for allergy$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Feeding long‐chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCP) influences immunity in adults$$$ however, less is known about their effect during development. The aim of the study was to determine the effect of feeding LCP on immunity in healthy infants during the first 4 months of life. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Formula‐fed infants were randomized at <or=14 days of age to standard term formula (Formula) or formula containing LCP (Formula+LCP). Infants exclusively fed human milk (HM) were included for comparison. At 16 weeks of age, blood was collected and phenotypes, the ability to proliferate and produce cytokines (interleukin [IL]‐2, IL‐4, IL‐6, IL‐10, IL‐12, interferon [IFN]‐gamma, tumor necrosis factor [TNF]‐alpha, TGF‐beta) after incubation with phytohemaglutinin (PHA), beta‐lactoglobulin, or soy protein were measured. RESULTS: Feeding LCP resulted in a higher than and more similar proliferation rate to PHA in HM‐fed infants, possibly because of a greater TH1 type cytokine response and a higher percentage of antigen mature (CD45RO+) cells (P < 0.05). The response to beta‐lactoglobulin did not differ among groups. After incubation with soy protein Formula+LCP, compared with Formula produced less IL‐2 and more TNF‐alpha and had a higher percentage of CD8+ and a lower percentage of CD20+ (CD20+CD54+) cells poststimulation (P < 0.05). Both formula groups produced less IL‐2 after PHA, had a lower percentage of CD80+ cells, and a higher percentage of CD54+ cells after incubation with food proteins (P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Formula‐fed infants, at low risk for allergy, respond differently to mitogen and food proteins ex vivo than those fed HM. Feeding LCP altered some of these differences in the direction that is hypothesized to confer immune benefits.
Bovine lactoferrin induces serum IL-18 in patients with chronic hepatitis C$$$ Background/Aims: We recently reported that administration of bovine lactoferrin (bLF, Lactoferrin active®, Morinaga Milk Industry Co., Ltd., Japan) to patients with chronic hepatitis C (CHC) increased the serum level of interleukin (IL)‐18, which together with IL‐12, is thought to induce cellular immunity$$$ however, our previous study used a source of Lactoferrin active® that also contained lactulose and active Bifidobacterium longum. The goal of the present study was to compare the effect of orally administered bLF alone with the mixture, Lactoferrin active®, on serum cytokine and CD4‐positive T cell in CHC patients. Patients and Methods: Fifty‐three CHC patients were randomized to receive either 600 mg/day of bLF as Lactoferrin active® (n = 17), the same dose of bLF alone (n = 17), or no medication (n = 19, control group). The patients were followed for 3 months, and the serum levels of alanine aminotransferase (ALT), iron, ferritin, hepatitis C virus (HCV)‐RNA, IL‐1β, IL‐6, IL‐10, IL‐18, tumor necrosis factor (TNF)‐α, and peripheral blood CD4‐positive T cell subsets (Th1 and Th2) were evaluated. Results: The serum IL‐18 level was significantly (p<0.05, Tukey's test) increased after 3 months in the two groups treated with bLF, but not in the control group. Other parameters did not change significantly in any of the three groups. Conclusion: These results suggest that oral bLF itself rather than the lactulose or Bifidobacterium contained in Lactoferrin active® promotes serum IL‐18 in CHC patients.
Safety and Immunomodulatory Effects of Three Probiotic Strains Isolated from the Feces of Breast-Fed Infants in Healthy Adults: SETOPROB Study$$$ We previously described the isolation and characterization of three probiotic strains from the feces of exclusively breast‐fed newborn infants: Lactobacillus paracasei CNCM I‐4034, Bifidobacterium breve CNCM I‐4035 and Lactobacillus rhamnosus CNCM I‐4036. These strains were shown to adhere to intestinal mucus in vitro, to be sensitive to antibiotics and to resist biliary salts and low pH. In the present study, a multicenter, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial with 100 healthy volunteers in three Spanish cities was carried out to evaluate the tolerance, safety, gut colonization and immunomodulatory effects of these three probiotics. Volunteers underwent a 15‐day washout period, after which they were randomly divided into 5 groups that received daily a placebo, a capsule containing one of the 3 strains or a capsule containing a mixture of two strains for 30 days. The intervention was followed by another 15‐day washout period. Patients did not consume fermented milk for the entire duration of the study. Gastrointestinal symptoms, defecation frequency and stool consistency were not altered by probiotic intake. No relevant changes in blood and serum, as well as no adverse events occurred during or after treatment. Probiotic administration slightly modified bacterial populations in the volunteers' feces. Intestinal persistence occurred in volunteers who received L. rhamnosus CNCM I‐4036. Administration of B. breve CNCM I‐4035 resulted in a significant increase in fecal secretory IgA content. IL‐4 and IL‐10 increased, whereas IL‐12 decreased in the serum of volunteers treated with any of the three strains. These results demonstrate that the consumption of these three bacterial strains was safe and exerted varying degrees of immunomodulatory effects. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01479543.
Effects of n-6 PUFAs compared with SFAs on liver fat, lipoproteins, and inflammation in abdominal obesity: a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Replacing SFAs with vegetable PUFAs has cardiometabolic benefits, but the effects on liver fat are unknown. Increased dietary n‐6 PUFAs have, however, also been proposed to promote inflammation‐a yet unproven theory. OBJECTIVE: We investigated the effects of PUFAs on liver fat, systemic inflammation, and metabolic disorders. DESIGN: We randomly assigned 67 abdominally obese subjects (15% had type 2 diabetes) to a 10‐wk isocaloric diet high in vegetable n‐6 PUFA (PUFA diet) or SFA mainly from butter (SFA diet), without altering the macronutrient intake. Liver fat was assessed by MRI and magnetic resonance proton (1H) spectroscopy (MRS). Proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type‐9 (PCSK9, a hepatic LDL‐receptor regulator), inflammation, and adipose tissue expression of inflammatory and lipogenic genes were determined. RESULTS: A total of 61 subjects completed the study. Body weight modestly increased but was not different between groups. Liver fat was lower during the PUFA diet than during the SFA diet [between‐group difference in relative change from baseline$$$ 16% (MRI$$$ P < 0.001), 34% (MRS$$$ P = 0.02)]. PCSK9 (P = 0.001), TNF receptor‐2 (P < 0.01), and IL‐1 receptor antagonist (P = 0.02) concentrations were lower during the PUFA diet, whereas insulin (P = 0.06) tended to be higher during the SFA diet. In compliant subjects (defined as change in serum linoleic acid), insulin, total/HDL‐cholesterol ratio, LDL cholesterol, and triglycerides were lower during the PUFA diet than during the SFA diet (P < 0.05). Adipose tissue gene expression was unchanged. CONCLUSIONS: Compared with SFA intake, n‐6 PUFAs reduce liver fat and modestly improve metabolic status, without weight loss. A high n‐6 PUFA intake does not cause any signs of inflammation or oxidative stress. Downregulation of PCSK9 could be a novel mechanism behind the cholesterol‐lowering effects of PUFAs. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01038102.
The effects of fructose-containing sugars on weight, body composition and cardiometabolic risk factors when consumed at up to the 90th percentile population consumption level for fructose$$$ The American Heart Association (AHA) and World Health Organization (WHO) have recommended restricting calories from added sugars at lower levels than the Institute of Medicine (IOM) recommendations, which are incorporated in the Dietary Guidelines for Americans 2010 (DGAs 2010). Sucrose (SUC) and high fructose corn syrup (HFCS) have been singled out for particular concern, because of their fructose content, which has been specifically implicated for its atherogenic potential and possible role in elevating blood pressure through uric acid‐mediated endothelial dysfunction. This study explored the effects when these sugars are consumed at typical population levels up to the 90th percentile population consumption level for fructose. Three hundred fifty five overweight or obese individuals aged 20‐60 years old were placed on a eucaloric diet for 10 weeks, which incorporated SUC‐ or HFCS‐sweetened, low‐fat milk at 8%, 18% or 30% of calories. There was a slight change in body weight in the entire cohort (169.1 ± 30.6 vs. 171.6 ± 31.8 lbs, p < 0.01), a decrease in HDL (52.9 ± 12.2 vs. 52.0 ± 13.9 mg/dL, p < 0.05) and an increase in triglycerides (104.1 ± 51.8 vs. 114.1 ± 64.7 mg/dL, p < 0.001). However, total cholesterol (183.5 ± 42.8 vs. 184.4 mg/dL, p > 0.05), LDL (110.3 ± 32.0 vs. 110.5 ± 38.9 mg/dL, p > 0.05), SBP (109.4 ± 10.9 vs. 108.3 ± 10.9 mmHg, p > 0.05) and DBP (72.1 ± 8.0 vs. 71.3 ± 8.0 mmHg, p > 0.05) were all unchanged. In no instance did the amount or type of sugar consumed affect the response to the intervention (interaction p > 0.05). These data suggest that: (1) when consumed as part of a normal diet, common fructose‐containing sugars do not raise blood pressure, even when consumed at the 90th percentile population consumption level for fructose (five times the upper level recommended by the AHA and three times the upper level recommended by WHO)$$$ (2) changes in the lipid profile are mixed, but modest.
Potent anti-obesity effect of enteric-coated lactoferrin: decrease in visceral fat accumulation in Japanese men and women with abdominal obesity after 8-week administration of enteric-coated lactoferrin tablets$$$ Lactoferrin (LF), a multifunctional glycoprotein in mammalian milk, is reported to exert a modulatory effect on lipid metabolism. The aim of the present study was to elucidate whether enteric‐coated LF (eLF) might improve visceral fat‐type obesity, an underlying cause of the metabolic syndrome. Using a double‐blind, placebo‐controlled design, Japanese men and women (n 26$$$ aged 22‐60 years) with abdominal obesity (BMI>25 kg/m2, and visceral fat area (VFA)>100 cm2) consumed eLF (300 mg/d as bovine LF) or placebo tablets for 8 weeks. Measurement of the total fat area, VFA and subcutaneous fat area from computed tomography images revealed a significant reduction in VFA ( ‐ 14.6 cm2) in the eLF group, as compared with the placebo controls ( ‐ 1.8 cm2$$$ P = 0.009 by ANCOVA). Decreases in body weight, BMI and hip circumference in the eLF group ( ‐ 1.5 kg, ‐ 0.6 kg/m2, ‐ 2.6 cm) were also found to be significantly greater than with the placebo (+1.0 kg, +0.3 kg/m2, ‐ 0.2 cm$$$ P = 0.032, 0.013, 0.041, respectively). There was also a tendency for a reduction in waist circumference in the eLF group ( ‐ 4.4 cm) as compared with the placebo group ( ‐ 0.9 cm$$$ P = 0.073). No adverse effects of the eLF treatment were found with regard to blood lipid or biochemical parameters. From these results, eLF appears to be a promising agent for the control of visceral fat accumulation.
Birth weight$$$ postnatal, infant, and childhood growth$$$ and obesity in young adulthood: evidence from the Barry Caerphilly Growth Study$$$ BACKGROUND: Birth weight has been shown to be positively associated with adult obesity, but relatively few studies have examined the associations with growth in specific periods of early childhood. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to assess the association of measures of growth between birth and 5 y of age with adult measures of adiposity. DESIGN: We conducted a longitudinal study of young adults from Barry and Caerphilly, United Kingdom, who had previously taken part between 1972 and 1974 in a randomized controlled trial of milk supplementation. We reexamined 679 men and women (72% of the target population) to measure body mass index (BMI$$$ in kg/m(2)), waist‐to‐hip ratio, sagittal abdominal diameter, and waist circumference. RESULTS: An increase in weight velocity from 1 y and 9 mo to 5 y of age was the most important predictor of BMI, waist circumference, and sagittal abdominal diameter. A z‐score increase in weight gain in this period was associated with an increase in BMI of 1.13 (95% CI: 0.69, 1.57$$$ P < 0.001). Infant weight gain from 5 mo to 1 y and 9 mo was the strongest predictor of waist‐to‐hip ratio (0.51$$$ 95% CI: 0.00, 1.02$$$ P = 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Birth weight does not predict adiposity on the basis of weight gain in childhood. The association between adult adiposity and weight gain in different periods is variable and depends on the measure of adiposity that is used. It remains unclear whether early childhood is the optimum period in the life course for the primary prevention of adult adiposity
Effect of Human Ration on Weight Loss and Bone Health in Overweight Women$$$ INTERVENTION: Dietary supplement J02.500.400 SP6.051.227 Study led with female subjects enrolled in a Family Health Strategy in Viçosa, Minas Gerais. The minimum sample size of 20 individuals was calculated based on the study of Mera et al. (1998), based on body weight change of 6.4% and a standard deviation of 4.63 kg assuming a statistical power of 95 %, according to Allison et al. (2003). The inclusion criteria were body mass index greater than 25 kg/m2 and age between 24 and 45 years. This is a prospective, randomized, cross‐over. The quantity of total study participants were 22 volunteers, from which are formed two groups of volunteers, randomly. The subjects were submitted to two different treatments in different orders, randomly: 15% caloric restriction associated with consumption of shake placebo containing no feed (human intervention one) then a 15% caloric restriction associated with the consumption of shake test feed containing 20 g (human intervention 2), or vice versa. Intervention 1: Shake the 11 subjects consumed milk containing 20 g of Feed Human as a substitute for breakfast, seven days per week for five weeks. Intervention 2: 11 subjects consumed a placebo as a substitute shake breakfast, seven days per week for five weeks. After the first intervention, 1 or 2, subjects underwent a week interval between treatments (washout) and soon after, the order of the speeches were exchanged and those individuals subjected to intervention 1 underwent intervention 2 and vice versa. CONDITION: C23.888.144.243 D01.578 G11.427.590.195 Weight loss. Organic mineral homeostase. Bone health. $$$ C23.888.144.243 $$$ D01.578 $$$ G11.427.590.195 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Anthropometric and blood pressure evaluation: body weight, height, waist circumference and blood pressure level assessment. Body composition: measurement of body composition (lean and fat). Bone health: measurement of bone mineral content and serum biochemical bone metabolism markers. Iron and zinc bioavailability: biochemical measurements of serum iron, complete blood count, serum ferritin, plasma zinc and erythrocyte. There were modifications in anthropometric measures weight and waist circumference, but there were no differences between treatments. There was no change in blood pressure level. Body composition and bone health showed no significant changes. The group that consumed "Human Ration" showed improvement in hemoglobin concentration (P = 0.0001) and were not observed any loss in relation to the absorption of zinc. Erythrocyte zinc and BMI (body mass index) showed a negative correlation r = ‐0.5123 P = 0.0005. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Food consumption: assessment of dietary intake by 3 day food record and Health eating index. Assessment of physical activity: International Questinário Physical Activity (IPAQ). Volunteers who consumed "Human Ration" showed a significant increase in iron intake (P = 0.0002), phosphorus (P < 0.0001), zinc (P < 0.0001) and vitamin E (P = 0.001). There were no changes in physical activity level of the volunteers. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Female gender. IMC higher than 25 and less than 34.9 kg/m2 and age between 24 and 45 years.
Ca: mg ratio, medium-chain fatty acids, and the gut microbiome$$$ BACKGROUND & AIMS: Ketogenic medium‐chain fatty acids (MCFAs) with profound health benefits are commonly found in dairy products, palm kernel oil and coconut oil. We hypothesize that magnesium (Mg) supplementation leads to enhanced gut microbial production of MCFAs and, in turn, increased circulating MCFAs levels. METHODS: We tested this hypothesis in the Personalized Prevention of Colorectal Cancer Trial (PPCCT) (NCT01105169), a double‐blind 2 × 2 factorial randomized controlled trial enrolling 240 participants. Six 24‐h dietary recalls were performed for all participants at the baseline and during the intervention period. Based on the baseline 24‐h dietary recalls, the Mg treatment used a personalized dose of Mg supplementation that would reduce the calcium (Ca): Mg intake ratio to around 2.3. We measured plasma MCFAs, sugars, ketone bodies and tricarboxylic acid cycle (TCA cycle) metabolites using the Metabolon's global Precision Metabolomics™ LC‐MS platform. Whole‐genome shotgun metagenomics (WGS) sequencing was performed to assess microbiota in stool samples, rectal swabs, and rectal biopsies. RESULTS: Personalized Mg treatment (mean dose 205.58 mg/day with a range from 77.25 to 389.55 mg/day) significantly increased the plasma levels of C7:0, C8:0, and combined C7:0 and C8:0 by 18.45%, 25.28%, and 24.20%, respectively, compared to 14.15%, 10.12%, and 12.62% decreases in the placebo arm. The effects remain significant after adjusting for age, sex, race and baseline level (P = 0.0126, P = 0.0162, and P = 0.0031, respectively) and FDR correction at 0.05 (q = 0.0324 for both C7:0 and C8:0). Mg treatment significantly reduced the plasma level of sucrose compared to the placebo arm (P = 0.0036 for multivariable‐adjusted and P = 0.0216 for additional FDR correction model) whereas alterations in daily intakes of sucrose, fructose, glucose, maltose and C8:0 from baseline to the end of trial did not differ between two arms. Mediation analysis showed that combined C7:0 and C8:0 partially mediated the effects of Mg treatment on total and individual ketone bodies (P for indirect effect = 0.0045, 0.0043, and 0.03, respectively). The changes in plasma levels of C7:0 and C8:0 were significantly and positively correlated with the alterations in stool microbiome α diversity (r = 0.51, p = 0.0023 and r = 0.34, p = 0.0497, respectively) as well as in stool abundance for the signatures of MCFAs‐related microbiota with acyl‐ACP thioesterase gene producing C7:0 (r = 0.46, p = 0.0067) and C8:0 (r = 0.49, p = 0.003), respectively, following Mg treatment. CONCLUSIONS: Optimizing Ca:Mg intake ratios to around 2.3 through 12‐week personalized Mg supplementation leads to increased circulating levels of MCFAs (i.e. C7:0 and C8:0), which is attributed to enhanced production from gut microbial fermentation and, maybe, sucrose consumption.
Naloxegol Given Orally Once Daily Achieved Rapid And Sustained Improvement Of Opioid-Induced Constipation (Oic) Symptoms: a Pooled Analysis Of Two Global Randomized Placebo-Controlled Trials$$$ Background: An international survey of 322 patients with OIC showed that the most bothersome gastrointestinal symptoms were constipation, straining, hard stools, and incomplete evacuation (Bell 2009). Naloxegol, a peripherally acting mu‐opioid receptor antagonist (PAMORA), has demonstrated sustained efficacy with respect to OIC symptom improvement in patients receiving opioid treatment for non‐cancer pain in two identical randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, Phase 3 trials (KODIAC 4 and 5$$$ NCT01309841/ NCT01323790). The objective of this pooled analysis is to evaluate the efficacy of naloxegol on these common defecation‐related symptoms, which reflect clinically important aspects of OIC management. Methods: OIC symptoms [number of spontaneous bowel movements (SBM), complete SBM, straining, and stool consistency] were captured during the Phase 3 studies by eDairy. Degree of straining was measured on the following scale: 1=not at all$$$ 2=a little bit$$$ 3=a moderate amount$$$ 4=a great deal$$$ 5=an extreme amount. Sense of complete evacuation was measured with each SBM (cSBM) (Yes/No). Stool consistency was assessed with Bristol stool scale (BSS). Similar to the Phase 3 analytical strategy, a step‐wise testing of superiority of combined naloxegol doses versus placebo was conducted for the overall pooled dataset, followed by testing superiority of individual naloxegol doses (12.5mg and 25mg) versus placebo. Statistical significance required p<0.05 for the pairwise treatment group comparisons. Results: A total of 1337 patients receiving naloxegol (12.5mg, n=445$$$ 25mg, n=446) and placebo (n=446) were included in the Intent‐to‐Treat (ITT) analysis of KODIAC 4 and 5 trials. Mean baseline values were: moderate degree of straining (score of 3.2)$$$ lump‐sausagelike stool consistency (BSS of 2.88)$$$ low % days/week with a cSBM (6.05% or <1 day/week) and SBM frequency (1.4 /week). Statistically significant and clinically relevant OIC symptom improvements were observed with naloxegol regimens (12.5mg and 25mg) versus placebo (all p<0.05) over weeks 1‐12 (Table 1): straining remained “moderate” (score of 3) for placebo‐treated patients and decreased to a level of “a little bit” (score of 2) with naloxegol treatment$$$ stool consistency remained at BSS of 2 for placebo and increased to BSS of 3 (12.5mg) and 4 (25mg) reflecting normal stool consistency. Both cSBM and SBM frequency were significantly increased in naloxegol versus placebo. Rapid symptom improvement was observed within the first week (p<0.05 for 12.5mg and 25mg)$$$ these effects were durable through the treatment course (Fig 1‐4). Conclusion: This analysis demonstrated rapid and sustained efficacy of naloxegol (12.5mg and 25mg) for a broad range of bothersome OIC symptoms (i.e., infrequent SBM, straining, incomplete SBM, and hard stool). Such improvements may positively impact patient care. (Table Presented) (Figure Presented)
Postoperative bowel habits in women following vaginal reconstructive surgery$$$ Introduction: Recently published data showed no difference with regards to surgeon satisfaction of the operative field quality between women receiving a bowel preparation preoperatively (clear liquid diet and 2 enemas) and those allowed a regular diet the day prior to undergoing vaginal surgery for pelvic organ prolapse (POP) reconstructive surgery. Additionally, patients were more satisfied and had less side effects when not subjected to the bowel preparation and dietary alterations. Return to bowel function and symptoms associated with bowel movements after surgery is of concern for these women, as are gastrointestinal symptoms such as nausea and fecal urgency. Objective: This is a planned secondary analysis from a randomized trial, where women were assigned to enemas/clear liquid diet versus normal diet without bowel preparation. (1) We wished to characterize the impact of bowel preparation as it related to time to first bowel movement and describe post‐operative bowel habits in acohort of women undergoing vaginal POP reconstructive surgery. Methods: This randomized trial enrolled women scheduled to undergo vaginal prolapse surgery with at a minimum, a planned apical suspension and posterior compartment repair. Other prolapse and incontinence surgery was allowed. Women were excluded if they had colorectal cancer, inflammatory bowel disease, a history of bowel resection, neurological disorders, undergoing chemotherapy or radiation, or were pregnant. Women with symptoms indicative of colonic inertia (fewer than 3 bowel movements a week, Rome III guidelines) were also excluded. All participants were instructed to eat nothing after midnight on the day of surgery. Participants randomized to the bowel preparation group were instructed to intake a clear‐liquid diet and to self‐administer 2 saline enemas (institutional standard) in the late afternoon the day prior to surgery. Participants randomized to no intervention were allowed a regular diet the day prior to surgery. The surgeons were blinded to the patient treatment assignment. Subjects completed a 7‐day bowel diary prior to surgery and a 14 day bowel diary following surgery. Women were considered having completed the dairy, and thus included in the analysis, if they completed both the 7 day pre‐operative and 10 of 14 days postoperative diary. The time of day, daily number of bowel movements, pain and urgency associated with the bowel movement, episodes of fecal incontinence and the use of medications to assist with bowel movements were recorded by the subjects. Anti‐emetic medications administered while in the hospital were recorded and included for analysis in subjects both with and without bowel diaries. Demographics and clinical characteristics were summarized using descriptive statistics and compared between groups with and without bowel preparation by Pearson chi‐squared test/Fisher's exact test or Student's t‐test as appropriate. A p‐value<0.05 was considered statistically significant in two‐tailed statistical tests. Results: 150 women were enrolled and randomized, 5 women withdrew or had surgery cancelled. 121 women completed the 21 day bowel diary. Demographic, clinical and intraoperative characteristics were similar between groups (Table 1). The mean time to first BM was similar between the bowel prep and control group (81.2± 28.9 v 78.6±28.2). On the day of their first postoperative BM, there were no differences between groups regarding pain or fecal urgency with defecation and stool transit times were similar (Table 2). While participants in the control group were more likely to report daily fiber use compared to the treatment group, laxative use was similar between the groups. There was no difference in the use of postoperative antiemetics between the 2 groups. Conclusions: Bowel preparation for vaginal reconstructive surgery does not affect the return of bowel function and other bowel symptoms postoperatively compared to no bowel preparation. In addition, the lack of bowel preparation does not impact the risk of painful defecation postoperatively. This information may be used to inform patients regarding expectations for bowel function after vaginal reconstructive surgery. (Table Presented).
Effect of Panchkarma, Internal Ayurveda medicine and lifestyle modification in Prameha w.s.r. to Prediabetes$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Group A‐ Vamanottara Virechana Karma: Purvakarma for Vamana: Deepana Pachana:‐Panchakola Choorna 3 gms twice a day before food till Nirama Lakshanas appear. Snehapana: Moorchita Tila Taila for 3 to 7 days as per Koshtha Sarvanga Abhayanga: Dashamoola Tailam & Mridu Sarvanga Bashpa Sveda with Dashamula Kwatha for 2 days. Pradhana Karma Vamak Yoga: Madanphala churna 6‐8 gms kept overnight in Yastimadhu Kashaya 160 ml and add Rock salt 2‐3 gms and Honey30‐40 ml, Vamanopaga: Yastimadhu phanta and milk as per need. Pashchata karma Samsarjana krama according to Shuddi for 3 to 7 days. Prakrut Bhojana Day 8th Day After Vamana. Purvakarma for Virechana Karma,Shodhananga Snehapana: Moorchita tila Taila on 9th,10th and 11th Day or till Samyaka Snigdha Lakshana appears. Sarvanga Abhayanga â?? Dashamoola Tailam & Mridu Sarvanga Bashpa Sveda with Dashamula Kwatha for 3 days. Pradhana Karma: Administration of Virechaka Aushad Abhayadi Modaka with water. Paschata karma Samsarjana krama according to Shuddhi for 3 to 7 days Rasayana Aushada Amalaki Churna 3 gms twice a day for 1 month. Intervention2: Group B‐Darvyadi Ghanavati: Darvyadi Kwatha Ghana Vati for 30 days in the dosage of 2gm (4 pills each of 500 mg) for 2 times a day before food with warm water. Control Intervention1: Group C‐ Lifestyle modification: Lifestyle modification such as food, exercise and daily activities, doâ??s and donâ??ts advised as per the mentioned guidelines. CONDITION: Diagnosed Patients of Prameha as per Ayurveda and Prediabetes patients as per the Criteria of ADA. Patients with IDRS greater than 50. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Improvement in Subjective and objective parameter‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 3 Months SECONDARY OUTCOME: To find the comparative efficacy of the treatments indifferent groups.‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 1 Year 6 Months INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients who are willing for trial. Patients in the age group of 20â?? 60 years irrespective of Sex. Diagnosed Patients of Prameha as per Ayurveda and Prediabetes patients as per the Criteria of ADA (American Diabetic Association). Patients with IDRS >50
Vitamin D and Liver Health in North India$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Vitamin D Supplementation: • Appropriate diet and physical activity counseling. • Supplementation with Vitamin D and oral Calcium‐Doses of cholecalciferol (commercial name, Calcirol) 60,000IU (sachets, dissolved in half glass milk) once per week for eight weeks to intervention group and placebo (Lactose Granules) to the placebo group according to the random numbers generated by the computer. • If the subjects are found to be still deficient with vitamin D then supplementation of cholecalciferol 60,000 IU per week will be repeated. • If the 25 (OH) Dlevel is normal then cholecalciferol supplementation in doses of 200 IU per day will be given as a maintenance dose. • Equal doses of calcium carbonate (1gm per day, commercial name Calcal) will be given Compliance: Level of compliance is expected to be at least 85%. Compliance for the intervention will be checked by taking following measures: • Biweekly telephonic calls • Log book maintenance by enrolled individuals. • Duration of sun exposure will check . Control Intervention1: Placebo group: • In placebo group, cholecalciferol supplementation in doses of 200 IU per day will be given • Equal doses of calcium carbonate (1gm per day, commercial name Calcal) will be given Compliance: Level of compliance is expected to be at least 85%. Compliance for the intervention will be checked by taking following measures: • Biweekly telephonic calls • Log book maintenance by enrolled individuals. • Duration of sun exposure will check CONDITION: PRIMARY OUTCOME: Vitamin D supplementation could Increase/preserve leucocyte telomerase length and activity, thus having positive effects on ageing. $$$ Timepoint: Vitamin D supplementation could Increase/preserve leucocyte telomerase length and activity, thus having positive effects on ageing will be assessed at enrolment time and after 6 month intervention. $$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: Vitamin D supplementation could decreased lipids, metabolic parameters, anthropometry and body fat measurements.Timepoint: Glycemic and lipid profile, metabolic parameters, body composition [Dual‐energy X‐ray absorptiometry (DXA)] will be assessed at enrolment time and after 6 month intervention. Vitamin D supplementation could Improve insulin action and glucose physiology, leading to lowering of blood glucose levels in persons with prediabetes.Timepoint: Blood glucose and insulin levels will be be assessed at enrolment time and after 6 month intervention. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Age 18‐60 years Body Mass Inde X( >25 Kg/m2) NAFLD by ultrasound Baseline level of 25 hydroxy vitamin D <30ng/dl.
Long-chain n-3 PUFAs reduce adipose tissue and systemic inflammation in severely obese nondiabetic patients: a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Chronic adipose tissue inflammation is a hallmark of obesity, triggering the development of associated pathologies, particularly type 2 diabetes. Long‐chain n‐3 PUFAs reduce cardiovascular events and exert well‐established antiinflammatory effects, but their effects on human adipose tissue inflammation are unknown. OBJECTIVE: We investigated whether n‐3 PUFAs reduce adipose tissue inflammation in severely obese nondiabetic patients. DESIGN: We treated 55 severely obese nondiabetic patients, scheduled to undergo elective bariatric surgery, with 3.36 g long‐chain n‐3 PUFAs/d (EPA, DHA) or an equivalent amount of butterfat as control, for 8 wk, in a randomized open‐label controlled clinical trial. The primary efficacy measure was inflammatory gene expression in visceral and subcutaneous adipose tissue samples (subcutaneous adipose tissue and visceral adipose tissue), collected during surgery after the intervention. Secondary efficacy variables were adipose tissue production of antiinflammatory n‐3 PUFA‐derived eicosanoids, plasma concentrations of inflammatory markers, metabolic control, and the effect of the Pro12Ala PPARG polymorphism on the treatment response. RESULTS: Treatment with n‐3 PUFAs, which was well tolerated, decreased the gene expression of most analyzed inflammatory genes in subcutaneous adipose tissue (P < 0.05) and increased production of antiinflammatory eicosanoids in visceral adipose tissue and subcutaneous adipose tissue (P < 0.05). In comparison with control subjects who received butterfat, circulating interleukin‐6 and triglyceride concentrations decreased significantly in the n‐3 PUFA group (P = 0.04 and P = 0.03, respectively). The Pro12Ala polymorphism affected the serum cholesterol response to n‐3 PUFA treatment. CONCLUSIONS: Treatment with long‐chain n‐3 PUFAs favorably modulated adipose tissue and systemic inflammation in severely obese nondiabetic patients and improved lipid metabolism. These effects may be beneficial in the long‐term treatment of obesity. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00760760.
Effect of early enteral feeding after upper gastrointestinal surgery$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIMS: The impact of early enteral nutrition in elective upper gastrointestinal surgery was the focus of this study, with particular reference to its feasibility and benefits. METHOD: This prospective study was carried out over 2 years. The study group included 30 patients and the control group had 31patients. Twenty‐two patients in each group underwent truncal vagotomy and gastrojejunostomy for chronic duodenal ulcer and gastric outlet obstruction. Eight patients in the study group and nine in the control group underwent gastrectomy for carcinoma stomach. A standard milk‐based diet was initiated 12 hours after surgery through a nasojejunal tube. The patients were monitored for side effects of enteral feeding and postoperative infective complications. Nitrogen balance and nutritional parameters like the body weight, serum albumin, and serum transferrin were measured pre and postoperatively. RESULTS: The groups were comparable with respect to age, sex, and preoperative nutritional factors like body weight, serum albumin, and serum transferrin. The return of bowel sounds and passage of flatus took place significantly earlier in the study group (1.43 vs. 2.81 days). Diarrhoea and abdominal cramps were the significant complications noted in the study group in relation to early enteral feeding. No patient required withdrawal of enteral feeds. They showed a positive nitrogen balance on the fourth postoperative day. The patients in the study group showed significant increase in the serum transferrin level compared with the preoperative level but the serum albumin level was not significantly altered. CONCLUSION: Early enteral feeding through the nasojejunal tube following elective upper gastrointestinal surgery is feasible, safe and improves the nutritional status.
Effects of a breast-health herbal formula supplement on estrogen metabolism in pre- and post-menopausal women not taking hormonal contraceptives or supplements: a randomized controlled trial$$$ INTRODUCTION: Both indole‐3‐carbinol and dietary lignans have beneficial effects on estrogen metabolism and breast cancer risk. There is no published literature on the effects of a combination product. This study was designed to investigate the impact of a combination product on estrogen metabolism. The major trial objective was to determine whether a breast health supplement containing indole‐3‐carbinol and hydroxymatairesinol lignan would alter estrogen metabolism to favour C‐2 hydroxylation and reduce C‐16 hydroxylation. Higher concentrations of C‐2 metabolites and lower concentrations of C‐16 metabolites may reduce breast cancer risk and risk for other hormonally‐related cancers. METHODS: Forty‐seven pre‐menopausal and forty‐nine post‐menopausal women were recruited for this study, and were divided by random allocation into treatment and placebo group. The treatment supplement contained HMR lignan, indole‐3‐carbinol, calcium glucarate, milk thistle, Schisandra chinesis and stinging nettle, and each woman consumed either treatment or placebo for 28 days. At day 0 and day 28, blood samples were analysed for serum enterolactone concentrations, and first morning random urine samples were assessed for estrogen metabolites. Repeated measures ANOVA statistical testing was performed. RESULTS: In pre‐menopausal women, treatment supplementation resulted in a significant increase (P < 0.05) in urinary 2‐OHE concentrations and in the 2:16α‐OHE ratio. In post‐menopausal women, treatment supplementation resulted in a significant increase in urinary 2‐OHE concentrations. In pre‐ and post‐menopausal women combined, treatment supplementation produced a significant increase in urinary 2‐OHE concentration and a trend (P = 0.074) toward an increased 2:16α‐OHE ratio. There were no significant increases in serum enterolactone concentrations in the treatment or placebo groups. CONCLUSIONS: Supplementation with a mixture of indole‐3‐carbinol and HMR lignan in women significantly increased estrogen C‐2 hydroxylation. This may constitute a mechanism for the reduction of breast cancer risk as well as risk for other estrogen‐related cancers. Further studies with higher numbers of subjects are indicated.
The volume of nipple aspirate fluid is not affected by 6 months of treatment with soy foods in premenopausal women$$$ Based on the hypothesis that soy food consumption may influence breast tissue activity, we examined its effect on the production of nipple aspirate fluid (NAF), a possible indicator of breast cancer risk. Of 310 premenopausal women screened, 112 (36%) produced at least 10 μL of NAF, the minimum for study participation. In a crossover design, we randomized 96 women to 2 groups who, in reverse order, consumed a high‐soy diet with 2 soy servings/d (1 serving = 177 mL soy milk, 126 g tofu, or 23 g soy nuts) and a low‐soy diet with <3 servings/wk of soy for 6 mo each separated by a 1‐mo washout period. During each diet period, 3 NAF samples were obtained (baseline and 3 and 6 mo) using a FirstCyte Aspirator and 4 urine samples (baseline and 1, 3, and 6 mo) were analyzed for isoflavonoids by liquid chromatography tandem MS. Adherence to the study protocol according to 24‐h dietary recalls and urinary isoflavonoid excretion was high. The drop‐out rate was 15% (n = 14)$$$ 82 women completed the intervention. The 2 groups produced similar mean NAF volumes at baseline (P = 0.95) but differed in age and previous soy intake and in their response to the intervention (P = 0.03). In both groups, NAF volume decreased during the first 3 mo of the high‐soy diet period and returned to baseline at 6 mo, but there was no effect of the high‐soy diet on NAF volume (P = 0.50 for diet$$$ P‐interaction = 0.21 for diet with time). Contrary to an earlier report, soy foods in amounts consumed by Asians did not increase breast tissue activity as assessed by NAF volume.
Assimilation and mobilization of triglycerides in subcutaneous abdominal and femoral adipose tissue in vivo in men: effects of androgens$$$ Studies on regional differences of adipose tissue metabolism have mainly been performed in vitro. To allow measurements of lipid uptake in vivo in man, radioactive label from [9,10‐3H]oleic acid in 80 g orally administered milk fat was measured after 4 h in abdominal and femoral sc adipose tissues in 28 middle‐aged, abdominally obese men. Radioactivity was measured in adipose tissue triglycerides extracted from needle biopsies. Lipoprotein lipase (LPL) activity was also measured. Uptake of label in triglycerides and LPL activity were higher (20% and 15%, respectively$$$ P < 0.05) in the abdominal compared to the femoral adipose tissue region. The men were then randomly assigned to three groups, receiving testosterone (T), dihydrotestosterone, or placebo, for 9 months. After 2 months of treatment, the procedure of administration of label was repeated, this time using [U‐14C]oleic acid as a marker. Measurements of radioactive label was then performed after 4 h and monthly up to 7 months. Supplementation with T was followed by an inhibited uptake of label in triglycerides (34%$$$ P < 0.05), lower LPL activity (48%$$$ P < 0.05), and a shorter t1/2 (30%$$$ P < 0.05) in the abdominal adipose tissue region compared with the dihydrotestosterone and placebo groups. No significant effect of T on triglyceride uptake, LPL activity, or t1/2 was found in sc femoral adipose tissue. It was concluded that the turnover rate of depot triglycerides is more rapid in abdominal compared to femoral sc adipose tissue in men. Furthermore, T supplementation inhibits triglyceride uptake and LPL activity and causes a more rapid turnover of triglycerides only in the sc abdominal adipose tissue region. These results demonstrate the marked effects of T on adipose tissue metabolism in vivo and suggest that T is an important regulator of the proportion of depot fat mass in central and peripheral adipose tissue in men.
Estrogen levels in nipple aspirate fluid and serum during a randomized soy trial$$$ BACKGROUND: On the basis of hypothesized protective effect, we examined the effect of soy foods on estrogens in nipple aspirate fluid (NAF) and serum, possible indicators of breast cancer risk. METHODS: In a crossover design, we randomized 96 women who produced 10 μL or more NAF to a high‐ or low‐soy diet for 6 months. During the high‐soy diet, participants consumed 2 soy servings of soy milk, tofu, or soy nuts (∼50 mg of isoflavones per day)$$$ during the low‐soy diet, they maintained their usual diet. Six NAF samples were obtained using a FirstCyte aspirator. Estradiol (E(2)) and estrone sulfate (E(1)S) were assessed in NAF and estrone (E(1)) in serum only, using highly sensitive radioimmunoassays. Mixed‐effects regression models accounting for repeated measures and left‐censoring limits were applied. RESULTS: Mean E(2) and E(1)S were lower during the high‐soy than the low‐soy diet (113 vs. 313 pg/mL and 46 vs. 68 ng/mL, respectively) without reaching significance (P = 0.07)$$$ the interaction between group and diet was not significant. There was no effect of the soy treatment on serum levels of E(2) (P = 0.76), E(1) (P = 0.86), or E(1)S (P = 0.56). Within individuals, NAF and serum levels of E(2) (r(s) = 0.37$$$ P < 0.001) but not of E(1)S (r(s) = 0.004$$$ P = 0.97) were correlated. E(2) and E(1)S in NAF and serum were strongly associated (r(s) = 0.78 and r(s) = 0.48$$$ P < 0.001). CONCLUSION: Soy foods in amounts consumed by Asians did not significantly modify estrogen levels in NAF and serum. IMPACT: The trend toward lower estrogen levels in NAF during the high‐soy diet counters concerns about adverse effects of soy foods on breast cancer risk.
An interdisciplinary intervention improves lifestyle behaviours in women living with obesity and infertility: a randomized controlled trial$$$ Introduction: Lifestyle modifications should be the firstline treatment for improving reproductive function and preconception weight in women living with obesity who are seeking fertility treatments. Evidence is however scarce regarding the effectiveness of lifestyle programs in supporting these women. The study's objective was therefore to determine whether the Obesity‐Fertility program leads to healthier lifestyle behaviours in women living with obesity and consulting at a fertility clinic. Methods: Women with obesity and infertility were randomized to the control (CG=65) or intervention (IG=65) group. Based on the participant's medical record, randomization was stratified according to the polycystic ovarian syndrome status. The CG followed the usual fertility clinic approach while the IG participated in individual and group sessions with a registered dietician, a kinesiologist, and a psychologist. Before the intervention (baseline) and 6 months after (V6), frequency of food and beverages intakes, physical activity levels, sedentary time, daily sleep duration, alcohol consumption and smoking use were collected via a lifestyle behaviour questionnaire adapted from the 2009 Canadian Community Health Survey (Statistics Canada). Functional capacity was evaluated with a 6‐minute walk test. Descriptive statistics, two‐sample tests of means or proportions, generalized linear models and logistic regressions were performed. Results: At baseline, women who had a research visit at 6±1 months (n=85) were 30±5 years old and had a BMI of 39.8±7.7 kg/m2. Most of them held no university degree (81.2%) and were primiparous (56.5%). Both groups (CG=43 and IG=42) had similar sociodemographic and anthropometric characteristics as well as lifestyle behaviours at baseline except for smokers' proportion that was higher in CG (CG: 34.9% vs IG: 9.5%, p<0. 01). From baseline to 6 months, whole fruit and vegetable frequency intakes increased more in the IG vs CG (fruits: +1.1 vs +0.4/day, p<0. 01$$$ vegetables: +0.7 vs +0.4/day, p<0. 01). Significant differences (IG vs CG) were also observed for frequency intakes of whole grain products (+1. 0 vs +0. 04/day, p<0. 01) and dairy products (+0.5 vs ‐0.2/day, p<0. 01) as well as in the percentage of active women (>3 kcal/kg/day: +14.2% vs +2.3%, p=0. 03) and the time spent in sedentary behaviours (‐6.7 vs ‐0.1 h/ week, p<0. 01). Distance covered during the 6‐minute walk test tended to increase more in IG vs CG (+28.8 vs +5.5 metres, p=0. 05). Sleep duration decreased by 19 and 12 minutes per day in the IG and CG, respectively (p=0.25). No significant difference was found between IG and CG for changes in sleep duration, alcohol consumption and smoking use. Conclusion: The Obesity‐Fertility program significantly improved components of diet, physical activity levels and sedentary behaviours in women living with obesity and seeking fertility treatments. Such programs can therefore support these women to adopt healthier lifestyle behaviours and may improve their fertility as well as decrease risks of complications during pregnancy.
Effects of simultaneous supplementation of green tea and protein on energy balance$$$ Introduction: Green tea (GT, 270mg epigallocatechin gallate+150mg caffeine/day) and protein each have been shown to stimulate diet‐induced thermogenesis (DIT) and improve weight maintenance (WM) after body‐weight loss. Objectives: Investigation of the effect of GT added to (a high‐) protein (diet), on DIT and WM. Method/Design: Study 1: 35 subjects (age: 18‐60 years$$$ BMI: 23.0±2.1 kg/m2) participated in an experiment with a randomized, 6 arms, crossover design where DIT, and respiratory quotient (RQ) were measured for 3.5hrs. GT vs. placebo (PL) capsules were either given in combination with water or breakfasts containing milk protein (MP) in two dosages: 15 gram(15MP) (energy%P/C/F: 15/47/38$$$ 1.7MJ/500ml), and 3.5 gram(3.5MP) (energy%P/C/F: 41/59/0$$$ 146.4 kJ/100ml). Study 2: A randomized placebo‐controlled double‐blind parallel trial in 80 overweight and moderately obese subjects, (age: 44±2 yrs$$$ BMI: 29.6±2.0 kg/m2). A very low energy diet during 4 weeks was followed by 3 months WM$$$ during the WM period subjects received GT or PL in addition to an adequate‐protein diet (AP: 50‐60 g protein/ day) vs. a high‐protein diet (HP: 100‐120 g protein/day). Results: Study 1: There was an overall significance between conditions (p<0.001). Post‐hoc, areas under the curve (AUCs) for DIT were significantly different for GT+water vs. PL+water, GT+3.5MP and PL+3.5MP (P≤0.001) and vs. GT+15MP and PL+15MP (P<0.001). No differences were found between PL+water, GT+3.5MP and PL+3.5MP and GT+15MP and PL+15MP. Study 2: Subjects lost 7.0±1.6 kg body‐weight (p<0.001). During the WM phase, WM, REE, fat free mass (FFM) were relatively increased, in both the HP groups and in the AP+GT group (p<0.05), while RQ and body‐fat (FM) were reduced, all compared to the AP+PL group. Satiety was only increased in both HP groups (p<0.05). The GT was only effective in the AP diet. Conclusions: GT as well as (a high‐)protein (diet) improved energy balance independently$$$ a possible synergistic effect failed to appear.
Healthy babies through infant-centered feeding protocol: an intervention targeting early childhood obesity in vulnerable populations$$$ BACKGROUND: Poor feeding practices during infancy contribute to obesity risk. As infants transition from human milk and/or formula‐based diets to solid foods, these practices interfere with infant feeding self‐regulation and healthy growth patterns. Compared with other socioeconomic groups, lower‐income mothers are more likely to experience difficulty feeding their infants. This may include misinterpreting feeding cues and using less‐than‐optimal feeding styles and practices, such as pressuring infants during mealtimes and prematurely introducing solid food and sweetened beverages. The Healthy Babies trial aims to determine the efficacy of a community‐based randomized controlled trial of an in‐home intervention with economically and educationally disadvantaged mother‐infant dyads. The educational intervention is being conducted during the infant's first 6 months of life to promote healthy transition to solids during their first year and is based on the theory of planned behavior. METHODS/DESIGN: We will describe our study protocol for a multisite randomized control trial being conducted in Colorado and Michigan with an anticipated sample of 372 economically and educationally disadvantaged African American, Hispanic, and Caucasian mothers with infants. Participants are being recruited by county community agency staff. Participants are randomly assigned to the intervention or the control group. The intervention consists of six in‐home visits by a trained paraprofessional instructor followed by three reinforcement telephone contacts when the baby is 6, 8, and 10 months old. Main maternal outcomes include a) maternal responsiveness, b) feeding style, and c) feeding practices. Main infant outcome is infant growth pattern. All measures occur at baseline and when the infant is 6 and 12 months old. DISCUSSION: If this project is successful, the expected outcomes will address whether the home‐based early nutrition education intervention is effective in helping mothers develop healthy infant feeding practices that contribute to improving infant health and development and reducing the risk of early‐onset childhood obesity. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Current Controlled Trials ACTRN126100000415000.
A study on the association between antiobesity effects of lactoferrin and genetic variations$$$ Background and objectives: For advancements in functional food science, clarification of the relationship between the health effects of food intake and genetic variations is a critical issue, but it has barely been addressed. Therefore, a genome‐wide association study (GWAS) was carried out to investigate an association between the anti‐obesity effects of lactoferrin (LF), a milk‐derived protein, and genetic variations. Methods: A 12‐week, placebo‐controlled, randomized, double‐blind, parallel‐group comparative study was conducted in healthy Japanese men and women. The subjects were administered enteric‐coated LF or placebo tablets. Before and after the administration of tablets, obesity‐related parameters, such as visceral fat area and body mass index (BMI), were evaluated. The data were obtained from approximately 700,000 single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) and a lifestyle questionnaire, such as daily food intake and exercise. The association between the rate of change in the parameters and the SNPs was analyzed using linear regression analysis adjusted by subject attributes, such as age and sex. Results: The GWAS analysis revealed that several SNPs were potentially associated with the anti‐obesity effects of LF, such as visceral fat area and BMI reduction. These SNPs were selected based on the p‐value of the association in the LF group and the interaction between the LF and the placebo group. Furthermore, the annotation data showed that missense mutations are contained in these SNPs. Additionally, prediction models of the anti‐obesity effects of LF were created using subject attributes, SNPs, and lifestyle data using a step‐wise regression method. The coefficients of determination of all the prediction models on the effects of LF, such as visceral fat area and BMI reduction, were >0.8. Conclusions: The GWAS indicated that genetic variants could be involved in the anti‐obesity effects of LF. This observation could help utilize functional foods based on an individual's constitution and lifestyle.
A study on the association between antiobesity effects of lactoferrin and genetic variations$$$ Background and objectives: For advancements in functional food science, clarification of the relationship between the health effects of food intake and genetic variations is a critical issue, but it has barely been addressed. Therefore, a genome‐wide association study (GWAS) was carried out to investigate an association between the anti‐obesity effects of lactoferrin (LF), a milk‐derived protein, and genetic variations. Methods: A 12‐week, placebo‐controlled, randomized, double‐blind, parallel‐group comparative study was conducted in healthy Japanese men and women. The subjects were administered enteric‐coated LF or placebo tablets. Before and after the administration of tablets, obesity‐related parameters, such as visceral fat area and body mass index (BMI), were evaluated. The data were obtained from approximately 700,000 single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) and a lifestyle questionnaire, such as daily food intake and exercise. The association between the rate of change in the parameters and the SNPs was analyzed using linear regression analysis adjusted by subject attributes, such as age and sex. Results: The GWAS analysis revealed that several SNPs were potentially associated with the anti‐obesity effects of LF, such as visceral fat area and BMI reduction. These SNPs were selected based on the p‐value of the association in the LF group and the interaction between the LF and the placebo group. Furthermore, the annotation data showed that missense mutations are contained in these SNPs. Additionally, prediction models of the anti‐obesity effects of LF were created using subject attributes, SNPs, and lifestyle data using a step‐wise regression method. The coefficients of determination of all the prediction models on the effects of LF, such as visceral fat area and BMI reduction, were >0.8. Conclusions: The GWAS indicated that genetic variants could be involved in the anti‐obesity effects of LF. This observation could help utilize functional foods based on an individual's constitution and lifestyle.
Is weight status associated with peripheral levels of oxytocin? A pilot study in healthy women$$$ The neuropeptide oxytocin is best known for its role during parturition and the milk‐let down reflex. Recent evidence identifies a role for oxytocin in eating behaviour. After oxytocin administration, caloric intake is reduced with stronger inhibitory effects in individuals with obesity. Whether the experience of visual food cues affects secretion or circulating levels of oxytocin is unknown. This pilot study had three aims: 1) to measure fasting appetite hormones with a focus on plasma oxytocin concentrations$$$ 2) determine whether healthy vs. hyperpalatable visual food cues differentially altered plasma oxytocin$$$ and 3) assess whether appetite hormone responses to healthy vs. hyperpalatable food images depended on weight or food addiction status. Eighteen healthy women of varying weight status, with/without self‐reported food addiction were recruited. Study participants completed a set of standardised questionnaires, including Yale Food Addiction Scale, and attended a one‐off experimental session. Blood was collected before and after viewing two sets of food images (healthy and hyperpalatable foods). Participants were randomly allocated in a crossover design to view either healthy images or hyperpalatable foods first. A positive correlation between BMI and plasma oxytocin was found (r2 = 0.32, p = 0.021) at baseline. Oxytocin levels were higher, and cholecystokinin levels lower, in food addicted (n = 6) vs. non‐food addicted females (p = 0.015 and p<0.001, respectively). There were no significant changes (p>0.05) in plasma oxytocin levels in response to either healthy or hyperpalatable food images. Given that endogenous oxytocin administration tends to suppress eating behaviour$$$ these data indicate that oxytocin receptor desensitization or oxytocin resistance may be important factors in the pathogenesis of obesity and food addiction. However, further studies in larger samples are needed to determine if peripheral oxytocin is responsive to visual food cues.
Minimal effective dose of lactic-fermented egg white on visceral fat in Japanese men: a double-blind parallel-armed pilot study$$$ BACKGROUND: We previously reported that the consumption of 8 g of protein per day in the form of lactic‐fermented egg white (LAFEW) improves visceral fat obesity. In this study, we investigated the minimum effective intake of LAFEW for visceral fat reduction in the Japanese males with mild obesity. METHODS: Twenty‐two Japanese adult males with a Body mass index (BMI) ≥24 and a waist circumference ≥ 85 cm were included in this study. The subjects were divided into three groups, that is, control group, LAFEW 6 g group, and LAFEW 8 g group. The LAFEW 6 and 8 g groups consumed 6 and 8 g, respectively, of egg white protein (EWP) in a drink at breakfast for 8 weeks, whereas the control group consumed a drink containing 8 g of milk whey protein. Body weight, body fat percentage, abdominal circumference, and visceral fat (VF) area around the navel were measured at 0 and 8 weeks after initiating the consumption. RESULTS: No changes in body weight or body fat percentage were observed in any of the groups. No significant differences between the pre‐ and posttreatment measurements were found in the VF area around the navel in the control group and the LAFEW 6 g group. In the LAFEW 8 g group, the VF area had decreased significantly after 8 weeks of consumption, when compared to that before consumption, and the average observed decrease (Δcm2) was 13.2 ± 4.7 cm2. Among the subjects with an initial BMI > 25, the VF area was significantly smaller in the LAFEW 8 group, when compared to the week 0 values and those in the control group. Visceral fat/subcutaneous fat values in the LAFEW 8 group were also significantly smaller than those in the control group or at week 0. CONCLUSION: The results suggested that the minimum effective intake of EWP in the LAFEW to reduce the VF area in the Japanese men is 8 g. TRIAL REGISTRATION: This clinical trial was retrospectively registered with the University hospital Medical Information Network (UMIN) Center, ( UMIN000031681 $$$ registered on 12/03/2018).
Determinants of rapid weight gain during infancy: baseline results from the NOURISH randomised controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Rapid weight gain in infancy is an important predictor of obesity in later childhood. Our aim was to determine which modifiable variables are associated with rapid weight gain in early life. METHODS: Subjects were healthy infants enrolled in NOURISH, a randomised, controlled trial evaluating an intervention to promote positive early feeding practices. This analysis used the birth and baseline data for NOURISH. Birthweight was collected from hospital records and infants were also weighed at baseline assessment when they were aged 4‐7 months and before randomisation. Infant feeding practices and demographic variables were collected from the mother using a self administered questionnaire. Rapid weight gain was defined as an increase in weight‐for‐age Z‐score (using WHO standards) above 0.67 SD from birth to baseline assessment, which is interpreted clinically as crossing centile lines on a growth chart. Variables associated with rapid weight gain were evaluated using a multivariable logistic regression model. RESULTS: Complete data were available for 612 infants (88% of the total sample recruited) with a mean (SD) age of 4.3 (1.0) months at baseline assessment. After adjusting for mother's age, smoking in pregnancy, BMI, and education and infant birthweight, age, gender and introduction of solid foods, the only two modifiable factors associated with rapid weight gain to attain statistical significance were formula feeding [OR = 1.72 (95%CI 1.01‐2.94), P = 0.047] and feeding on schedule [OR = 2.29 (95%CI 1.14‐4.61), P = 0.020]. Male gender and lower birthweight were non‐modifiable factors associated with rapid weight gain. CONCLUSIONS: This analysis supports the contention that there is an association between formula feeding, feeding to schedule and weight gain in the first months of life. Mechanisms may include the actual content of formula milk (e.g. higher protein intake) or differences in feeding styles, such as feeding to schedule, which increase the risk of overfeeding. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Australian Clinical Trials Registry ACTRN12608000056392.
Gastric emptying modifications and increased GLP-1 secretion may explain the reduction of postprandial glycemia by extra-virgin olive oil in patients with type 1 diabetes$$$ In a home‐based randomized controlled study, extra‐virgin olive oil (EVOO) attenuated postprandial glucose response to a high glycemic index meal compared with either low‐fat or butter in patients with type 1 diabetes. We investigated in controlled experimental conditions the possible mechanisms behind this effect. According to a randomized cross‐over design, 6F and 5M type 1 diabetes patients on insulin pump (age 41±9 y) one‐week apart consumed three meals with the same carbohydrate composition and high glycemic index while differing for amount and quality of fat: 1.) low‐fat (LF), 2.) high‐saturated fat (Butter), or 3.) high‐monounsaturated fat (EVOO). Postprandial glycemic response (0‐6 h) was evaluated by continuous glucose monitoring, gastric emptying rate (0‐6 h) by gastric ultrasound, and plasma active GLP‐1 concentrations (0‐3 h) by ELISA (n=7). Blood glucose 0‐6 h iAUC (mmol/L x 360 min) was significantly lower after EVOO (675±423) than after Butter (1321±603) and LF meals (1008±98) (M±SD, p=0.034 by repeated measures analysis). Antrum gastric volume after EVOO meal ingestion was higher than after Butter meal at 1 hour (108±22 vs. 89±18 ml, p=0.026), while it was lower than Butter at 6 hours (43±11 vs. 54±22 ml, p=0.045), indicating a tendency to an early slower and a later faster gastric emptying with EVOO. EVOO significantly increased postprandial GLP‐1 0‐3 h iAUC (161±106) compared to Butter (44±97) and LF meals (69±85) (pmol/L x 180 min, p=0.004 by repeated measures analysis). This study suggests that EVOO attenuates postprandial glucose response to a high glycemic index meal in patients with type 1 diabetes through its effects on gastric emptying rate and an increased GLP‐1 secretion.
The feasibility of using the dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH) diet in people with chronic kidney disease (CKD) and hypertension$$$ Introduction and Aims: Hypertension control is fundamental in the management of CKD. In the general population the DASH diet, advocating an increased intake of fruits, vegetables, low fat dairy and wholegrain foods, while reducing fat and sugar consumption, is supported by robust evidence. However its use is not promoted for individuals with CKD due to concerns that its dietary content will compromise potassium and phosphate management and will result in an excessive intake of protein. We therefore conducted a feasibility study to investigate the safety and acceptability of using the DASH diet in non‐diabetic hypertensive patients with stage 3A/B CKD. Methods: Subjects self selected a DASH diet for 5 weeks, including a 1 week run in period to gradually build‐up to DASH portions. Blood tests were taken at baseline and regularly during the study period. Dietary intake was assessed using 5‐day food diaries at baseline and within the final week of the study. Acceptability was assessed using a questionnaire at the end of the intervention period. Primary outcome measures were to assess changes in serum (sodium, potassium, phosphate, calcium, urea, creatinine, bicarbonate) and urine (sodium, potassium, urea) biochemistry and changes in sodium, potassium, phosphate, and protein consumption. Secondary end points were changes in BP and extracellular fluid (ECF) volume measured by bioelectric impedance, change in intake of other macro and micronutrients, and acceptability of the diet. Data were analysed by comparing baseline and week 5 results using paired t test. Results: 32 patients completed the 5 week intervention diet, 22 were male. Mean age was 69.9 years (range 43‐87). 1 patient was withdrawn from the study due to potassium of 5.5 mmol/L at the end of the run in week and was excluded from the analysis. Mean eGFR of the population was 48.2±8 ml/min/1.73m2 (range 31‐59). No significant changes in any serum biochemical marker were observed. There was a significant reduction in urine sodium (P< 0.041) and no change in other urine biochemistry. When following the DASH diet patients consumed significantly less total fat (P< 0.001) leading to a reduction in overall energy intake (P < 0.001). Protein and carbohydrate intakes did not change. A protein intake of 1g /kg/day was consumed. Sodium intake was significantly reduced from 2784.9mg to 1583.4mg per day (P< 0.001) while magnesium and fibre intake increased (P < 0.009 and P < 0.008 respectively). A slight increase in potassium intake (3712.4 mg to 3952 mg per day) and no change in phosphate or calcium intake were observed. Mean weight reduced from 81.4±16.1kg to 79±15.4kg (P < 0.001) with a reduction in ECF volume from 18.3±3.2L to 17.9±3.2L (P< 0.002). Mean systolic and diastolic BP both decreased significantly by 9.5 mmHg (P< 0.009) and 5.3 mmHg (P<0.007) respectively. Conclusions: The DASH diet appears to be safe in the non‐diabetic stage 3 CKD population and was well accepted. This dietary pattern substantially reduced ECF volume and improved blood pressure in this population. A larger population based study is warranted.
Extra-virgin olive oil reduces postprandial glycaemia in type 1 diabetes by modulating GLP-1 levels and gastric emptying rate$$$ Background and aims: Extra‐virgin olive oil (EVOO) attenuates the postprandial glycaemic response to a high glycaemic index (GI) meal compared with butter in patients with type 1 diabetes. We evaluated the possible mechanisms behind this effect. Materials and methods: Eleven type 1 diabetes patients (6F and 5M) on insulin pump, age 41±9 y (M±SD), duration of diabetes 24±9 y, consumed in the metabolic ward in three successive weeks, according to a randomized cross‐over design, three high‐GI meals with identical carbohydrate composition (CHO 130 g, GI 66%) but differing for amount and quality of fat: 1) “Low‐fat”, total fat 10.6 g, 2) high‐saturated fat (“Butter”), total fat 39.4 g, SFA 22.1 g, or 3) high‐monounsaturated fat (“EVOO”), total fat 40.5 g, MUFA 27.9 g. Postprandial glycaemic response (0‐6h) was evaluated by continuous glucose monitoring, gastric emptying rate (0‐6h) by gastric ultrasound, and plasma active GLP‐1 concentrations (0‐3h) by ELISA. Pre‐prandial insulin doses before the three meals (11.4±3.1 IU), based on the patients' individual insulin to glycaemic load ratio, were the same for each participant. Results: Blood glucose 0‐6h incremental AUC (mmol/Lx360 min) was significantly lower after EVOO (675±423) than after Butter (1321±603) and low‐fat meals (1008±987) (p=0.034 by repeated measures analysis). Antrum gastric volume after EVOO meal ingestion was higher than after Butter meal at 1 hour (106[92,123] vs. 91[73,100] ml, median [IQ], p=0.041), while it was lower than Butter at 6 hours (42[35,50] vs. 49[38,70] ml, p=0.041), indicating a tendency to an early slower and a late faster gastric emptying with EVOO. Postprandial GLP‐1 0‐3h incremental AUC after EVOO was significantly higher (153[95,345]) than after Butter (76[8,199]) (pmol/Lx180 min, p=0.033). Conclusion: This study suggests that EVOO attenuates postprandial glucose response to a high‐GI meal in patients with type 1 diabetes by counteracting the rapid glucose absorption following higher‐GI foods through the modulation of incretin secretion and gastric emptying rate.
Interrater reliability of three Clock Drawing Test scoring systems$$$ This study demonstrates the reliability of 3 Clock Drawing Test (CDT) scoring systems when applied to the protocols of stroke patients. The sample included 20 randomly selected sets of both freehand and predrawn circle versions of the CDT completed by patients undergoing comprehensive stroke rehabilitation. The protocols were scored independently by 2 raters using each of 3 published scoring systems (Freedman et al., 1994$$$ Libon, Malamut, Swenson, Sands, & Cloud, 1996$$$ Rouleau, Salmon, Butters, Kennedy, & McGuire, 1992). Interrater agreement and intrarater consistency were measured using the intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC). The results demonstrate that the raters used comparable criteria for each score (high interrater reliability) and that each applied similar scoring criteria throughout the set of protocols (high intrarater consistency). Scores related to the overall contour of the clock face tended to have lower ICCs. Reliability coefficients were comparable for both CDT versions. The results provide evidence for the accurate and consistent scoring of the CDT in stroke.
The consumption of argan oil induces a lipid-lowering effect in dyslipidemic patients$$$ To manage dyslipidemia using diet recommendations based on argan oil consumption, we were interested in studying, for the first time, the effect of argan oil consumption on plasma lipids in never‐treated Moroccan dyslipidemic patients. Twenty‐four dyslipidemic patients from the endocrinology department of University Hospital of Rabat (Morocco) were included in this interventional study. The study design consists to two diet periods. In the first diet period of 2 weeks, all patients consumed 20 g/day of butter in breakfast. In the second period of 3 weeks (nutritional intervention), all patients were randomized to two diet groups: one group of 15 patients in which the 20 g/day of butter was substituted by 25 ml/day of argan oil with toasted bread for breakfast. The second group of nine patients for whom, both argan oil and olive oil were removed from their diet while keeping the 20 g/day of butter for breakfast. During this period, all patients were placed under a lifestyle and diet recommended for the dyslipidemic patient as reported by the French Agency for Health Products Safety (AFSSAPS). Serum lipid [total cholesterol (total‐chol), triglycerides, low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL‐chol) and high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL‐chol)] and anthropometric parameters were measured at the end of both periods. Both groups of patients have showed an improvement of lipid parameters in the end of the interventional period compared to the end of stabilization period by reducing total‐chol and LDL‐chol$$$ and triglycerides and increasing HDL‐chol. However, the change in atherogenic lipids was significantly different (P<0.04) in the consumers group of argan oil compared to the control group$$$ 30 versus 14% for total‐chol, 46 versus 24.5% for triglycerides, 24 versus 15% for LDL‐chol, respectively. While the increase in HDL‐chol in consumers group of argan oil was different but not significantly compared to the control group$$$ 17 versus 14% (P = 0.1). We have demonstrated for the first time that consumption of argan oil improves the lipid status in never‐treated patients with dyslipidemia and can therefore be recommended in nutritional prevention in the management of dyslipidemia. © Springer‐Verlag 2011.
Breast screening: a randomised controlled trial in UK general practice of three interventions designed to increase uptake$$$ STUDY OBJECTIVES: To determine the relative effectiveness of three interventions designed to increase the uptake of breast screening. DESIGN: Randomised controlled trial of a nurse visit with health education (group A), nurse visit without health education (group B), and GP letter (group C). SETTING: The area of south east London served by the Butterfly Walk Breast Screening Unit in Camberwell. PARTICIPANTS: Women aged between 50 and 64 years who were registered with 27 GPs in the Lambeth, Southwark and Lewisham family health services authority and who had not attended for first round screening. MAIN RESULTS: Altogether 799 women were randomly allocated to the three groups. In general, delivering the nurse based interventions proved difficult. In group A, 11.4% (95% CI 7.9, 14.9%) of women subsequently attended for screening compared with 7.8% (95% CI 5.1, 11.4%) in group B and 13.1% (95% CI 7.9, 18.4%) in group C. The differences between the groups (95% CIs) were not statistically significant: A versus C, ‐1.7% (‐8.0, +4.6%)$$$ B versus C, ‐5.3% (‐11.3, +0.7%)$$$ A versus B, +3.6% (‐1.0, +8.2%). CONCLUSIONS: A personal letter from the GP seems to be at least as effective at increasing the uptake of breast screening in non‐attenders as a nurse making a home visit to discuss the issue of breast screening, and is not noticeably less effective than a visit at which a health education intervention is delivered. It is possible that the GP letter is considerably more effective than either of the two interview‐based interventions. With regard to implementing strategies which will increase breast screening uptake and are cost effective, further trials of similar minimal interventions in primary care are required.
Needle phobia and stress-reducing medical devices in pediatric and adult chemotherapy patients$$$ Needle phobia‐‐fear of medical devices‐‐is a significant problem in pediatric and adult chemotherapy patients. Stress‐reducing medical devices is a new, effective cognitive therapy for needle phobia. Twenty‐five pediatric and 25 adult chemotherapy patients were randomly exposed to conventional or stress‐reducing decorated butterfly needles and syringes. Emotional stress responses were determined with the Visual Aversion Scale, Visual Analogue Fear Scale, Visual Analogue Anxiety Scale, and Visual Overall Stress Score for each needle and syringe design. Sixty‐eight percent of the pediatric and 52% of the adult patients were overtly needle phobic, but children demonstrated significantly more aversion and stress (P < .001). Stress‐reducing medical devices effectively and significantly reduced aversion, anxiety, fear, and overall stress, and were 76% effective in preventing overt needle phobia in children and 92% effective in adults (P < .001). One hundred percent of children and adults felt that stress‐reducing medical devices should be available in chemotherapy clinics. Needle phobia and stress in pediatric and adult chemotherapy patients are significantly reduced by the use of stress‐reducing medical devices.
Casein hydrolysate containing the antihypertensive tripeptides Val-Pro-Pro and Ile-Pro-Pro improves vascular endothelial function independent of blood pressure-lowering effects: contribution of the inhibitory action of angiotensin-converting enzyme$$$ Accumulating evidence shows that deterioration of vascular endothelial function underlies the pathophysiology of cardiovascular diseases following lifestyle‐related diseases. Both Val‐Pro‐Pro (VPP) and Ile‐Pro‐Pro (IPP), which are tripeptides derived from proteolytic hydrolysate of milk casein, inhibit angiotensin‐converting enzyme (ACE), suggesting that both VPP and IPP may improve vascular endothelial function, because many ACE inhibitors are known to improve endothelial function. We investigated the effects of ACE‐inhibitory food component in humans with mild hypertension, since there has been no report on such effects. The study was conducted by the placebo‐controlled, double‐blind crossover method in 25 male subjects with mild hypertension. After casein hydrolysate containing both VPP and IPP were administered for 1 week, reactive hyperemia of the left upper forearm was measured using plethysmography as an index of vascular endothelial function. Since one subject dropped out, we analyzed the data of 24 subjects. The reactive hyperemia of the left upper forearm was produced by a 5 min occlusion using inflation of a cuff. The maximum blood flow during reactive hyperemia was 20.8+/‐6.7 mL/min/100 mL tissue in the placebo group, whereas it increased remarkably to 30.0+/‐10.4 mL/min/100 mL tissue in the group administered casein hydrolysate containing both VPP and IPP (p<0.001). There was no change in systemic blood pressure, indicating that the improvement of the vascular endothelial function attributable to VPP and IPP is independent of hemodynamic changes. We conclude that casein hydrolysate containing VPP and IPP improves the vascular endothelial dysfunction in subjects with mild hypertension. The continuous intake of VPP and IPP could help to prevent cardiovascular diseases in hypertensive subjects.
Antihypertensive effect and tolerability of two fixed combination of metoprolol and hydrochlorothiazide followed by a long-term tolerance study with one combination$$$ After a run‐in period with metoprolol 100 mg b.i.d. 55 patients with essential hypertension grade WHO I and II were randomly allocated to a fixed combination of metoprolol 100 mg and hydrochlorothiazide 12.5 mg (group A) or 25 mg (group B) b.i.d for 12 weeks. Every fourth week blood pressure, heart rate and side effects were registered. After 12 weeks there was a significant fall in supine blood pressure from 172/105 mm Hg to 148/92 in group A and from 170/104 mm Hg to 152/96 in group B. Serum potassium fell significantly (from 4.4 to 4.0 mmol/l) in group B only. 4 patients had values between 3.5 and 3.2 mmol/l. Serum uric acid was unchanged in both groups. Side effects were few and mild to moderate in both groups but there was a tendency to more side effects in group B. After 6 months' follow‐up, 51 patients on treatment with low dose combination showed no further change in blood pressure. 27 patients took part in an extended follow‐up study to 15 months and 13 patients to 18 months. During the whole follow‐up study there was no further change in blood pressure, laboratory values or side effects. The study has confirmed that a low dose of hydrochlorothiazide is as effective as a high dose when combined with metoprolol. Because of few side effects and good tolerability during long treatment we find that the low dose combination can be recommended in treatment of milk to moderate essential hypertension.
Bovine casein hydrolysate (c12 Peptide) reduces blood pressure in prehypertensive subjects$$$ BACKGROUND: About one in four adults suffer from prehypertension. People with prehypertension are at risk of developing hypertension, being a biomarker for cardiovascular disease risk. The use of milk‐derived protein hydrolysates containing peptides with angiotensin‐converting enzyme (ACE) inhibiting properties may reduce blood pressure (BP) and thus the risk of developing hypertension. METHODS: We investigated the BP‐lowering effect of a casein‐derived protein hydrolysate (C12 Peptide) during a 4‐week intervention period in prehypertensive subjects. After a 2‐week run‐in period, 48 Taiwanese volunteers were randomly assigned to either placebo or C12 Peptide tablets for 4 weeks, followed by a 2‐week off‐treatment period. After the run‐in period, BP was measured weekly. RESULTS: Baseline values for systolic BP (mean +/‐ SEM) in the placebo and C12 Peptide groups were 137.1 +/‐ 3.1 and 137.9 +/‐ 2.4 mm Hg, respectively$$$ those for diastolic BP were 85.2 +/‐ 2.1 and 86.9 +/‐ 2.0 mm Hg, respectively. Four weeks repeated daily intake of 3.8 g C12 Peptide reduced significantly systolic and diastolic BP by 10.7 +/‐ 1.6 mm Hg and 6.9 +/‐ 1.2 mm Hg, respectively, compared to baseline. Furthermore, plasma angiotensin II and aldosterone levels were reduced significantly (P < .05). The placebo group showed a BP reduction of 3.6 +/‐ 2.4 and 2.7 +/‐ 1.6 mm Hg in systolic and diastolic BP, respectively (P = not significant). No evidence of side effects was observed. CONCLUSIONS: This study shows that C12 Peptide reduces BP in prehypertensive people.
Novel Metabolites Associated With Blood Pressure After Dietary Interventions$$$ BACKGROUND: The blood pressure (BP) etiologic study is complex due to multifactorial influences, including genetic, environmental, lifestyle, and their intricate interplays. We used a metabolomics approach to capture internal pathways and external exposures and to study BP regulation mechanisms after well‐controlled dietary interventions. METHODS: In the ProBP trail (Protein and Blood Pressure), a double‐blinded crossover randomized controlled trial, participants underwent dietary interventions of carbohydrate, soy protein, and milk protein, receiving 40 g daily for 8 weeks, with 3‐week washout periods. We measured plasma samples collected at baseline and at the end of each dietary intervention. Multivariate linear models were used to evaluate the association between metabolites and systolic/diastolic BP. Nominally significant metabolites were examined for enriching biological pathways. Significant ProBP findings were evaluated for replication among 1311 participants of the BHS (Bogalusa Heart Study), a population‐based study conducted in the same area as ProBP. RESULTS: After Bonferroni correction for 77 independent metabolite clusters (α=6.49×10−4), 18 metabolites were significantly associated with BP at baseline or the end of a dietary intervention, of which 11 were replicated in BHS. Seven emerged as novel discoveries, which are as follows: 1‐linoleoyl‐GPE (18:2), 1‐oleoyl‐GPE (18:1), 1‐stearoyl‐2‐linoleoyl‐GPC (18:0/18:2), 1‐palmitoyl‐2‐oleoyl‐GPE (16:0/18:1), maltose, N‐stearoyl‐sphinganine (d18:0/18:0), and N6‐carbamoylthreonyladenosine. Pathway enrichment analyses suggested dietary protein intervention might reduce BP through pathways related to G protein–coupled receptors, incretin function, selenium micronutrient network, and mitochondrial biogenesis. CONCLUSIONS: Seven novel metabolites were identified to be associated with BP at the end of different dietary interventions. The beneficial effects of protein interventions might be mediated through specific metabolic pathways.
A cost-effective, machine learning-driven approach for screening arterial functional aging in a large-scale Chinese population$$$ INTRODUCTION: An easily accessible and cost‐free machine learning model based on prior probabilities of vascular aging enables an application to pinpoint high‐risk populations before physical checks and optimize healthcare investment. METHODS: A dataset containing questionnaire responses and physical measurement parameters from 77,134 adults was extracted from the electronic records of the Health Management Center at the Third Xiangya Hospital. The least absolute shrinkage and selection operator and recursive feature elimination‐Lightweight Gradient Elevator were employed to select features from a pool of potential covariates. The participants were randomly divided into training (70%) and test cohorts (30%). Four machine learning algorithms were applied to build the screening models for elevated arterial stiffness (EAS), and the performance of models was evaluated by calculating the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC), sensitivity, specificity, and accuracy. RESULTS: Fourteen easily accessible features were selected to construct the model, including "systolic blood pressure" (SBP), "age," "waist circumference," "history of hypertension," "sex," "exercise," "awareness of normal blood pressure," "eat fruit," "work intensity," "drink milk," "eat bean products," "smoking," "alcohol consumption," and "Irritableness." The extreme gradient boosting (XGBoost) model outperformed the other three models, achieving AUC values of 0.8722 and 0.8710 in the training and test sets, respectively. The most important five features are SBP, age, waist, history of hypertension, and sex. CONCLUSION: The XGBoost model ideally assesses the prior probability of the current EAS in the general population. The integration of the model into primary care facilities has the potential to lower medical expenses and enhance the management of arterial aging.
Weight loss with a modified Mediterranean-type diet using fat modification: a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: There is evidence that Mediterranean diets with a high proportion of olive oil and nuts can be effective for weight management and prevention of cardiovascular disease. It might be difficult for populations with other eating habits to follow such diets. Therefore, a modified Mediterranean‐type diet using fat modification through neutral and butter‐flavored canola oil, walnuts and walnut oil with two portion‐controlled sweet daily snacks was tested in Germany. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Randomized waiting‐list control study with overweight/grade 1 obese subjects: 12‐week self‐help modified Mediterranean‐type diet, 6 weeks of diet plans and 6 weeks of weight loss maintenance training. Trial duration was 12 months. Intervention group (IG) included 100 participants (average age of 52.4 years, weight 85.1 kg and body mass index (BMI) 30.1 kg/m(2)), waiting‐list control group (CG) included 112 participants (52.6 years, 84.1 kg and 30.1 kg/m(2)). RESULTS: Per‐protocol weight loss after 12 weeks was 5.2 kg in IG vs 0.4 kg in CG (P ⩽ 0.0001), BMI ‐1.8 vs ‐0.1 kg/m(2) (P ⩽ 0.0001), waist circumference ‐4.7 vs ‐0.9 cm (P ⩽ 0.0001). Triglycerides, total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol improved significantly in IG but not in CG. One‐year dropouts: 44% in IG and 53% in CG. Weight loss after 12 months: 4.2 kg (pooled data). CONCLUSION: A five‐meal modified Mediterranean‐type diet with two daily portion‐controlled sweet snacks was effective for weight management in a self‐help setting for overweight and grade 1 obese subjects. Fat modification through canola oil, walnuts and walnut oil improved blood lipids even at 12 months.
The influence of strict control on diabetic complications$$$ We studied 45 IDDM without c‐peptide response, duration 7‐22 years, without proliferative retinopathy. After 2 months run‐in period, they were randomly assigned to: (P) 15 received CSII: (C) 15 received multiple s.c. injections via butterfly 5‐6x daily$$$: (M) 15 received twice daily mixed rapid and long acting insulin. All groups improved blood glucose control in the run‐in period (p less than 0.0001). After change of treatment (P) and (M) improved further (p less than 0.01) but (C) was unchanged. GFR was supranormal and decreased in (P) and (M). No regression of retinopathy was shown in any group. One in (P) had transient florid pre‐proliferative retinopathy which regressed spontaneously without laser treatment. We conclude that retinal response to strict control is complex. A transient deterioration may been seen.
Effect of sun salutations on increased body weight$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Static surya namaskara protocol: Static surya namaskara protocol including loosening practices Toe bending, Ankle bending, Ankle rotation, Half butterfly, Hand Clenching, Wrist bending, Wrist joint rotation, Elbow bending, Shoulder rotation, Neck movements and Knee bending 5 rounds each side. Followed by 3 rounds of Suryanamaskara in which each posture will be maintained for the duration of 1 to 3 minutes followed by 10 minutes of Deep relaxation technique. Control Intervention1: Dynamic surya namaskara: Static surya namaskara protocol including loosening practices Toe bending, Ankle bending, Ankle rotation, Half butterfly, Hand Clenching, Wrist bending, Wrist joint rotation, Elbow bending, Shoulder rotation, Neck movements and Knee bending 5 rounds each side. Followed by 3 rounds of dynamic Suryanamaskara without holding followed by 10 minutes of Deep relaxation technique. CONDITION: Health Condition 1: E669‐ Obesity, unspecified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Lipid Profile $$$ Clinical Anthropometry ‐ Height, Weight, Body Mass Index, Waist‐Hip ratio $$$ Body Adiposity Index $$$ Corpulence Index $$$ Body Composition Analysis ‐ Bone mass, body water, BMR, Body fat mass, Fat free mass, Visceral Fat, Skeletal MuscleTimepoint: Lipid Profile $$$ Clinical Anthropometry ‐ Height, Weight, Body Mass Index, Waist‐Hip ratio $$$ Body Adiposity Index $$$ Corpulence Index $$$ Body Composition Analysis ‐ Bone mass, body water, BMR, Body fat mass, Fat free mass, Visceral Fat, Skeletal Muscle $$$ on Day 1 and Day 31 SECONDARY OUTCOME: NATimepoint: NA INCLUSION CRITERIA: Subjects diagnosed as overweight and obese according to Asian classification. Obese and overweight individuals without any co‐morbidity. Individuals with no prior yoga experience.
Regulation of abdominal adiposity by probiotics (Lactobacillus gasseri SBT2055) in adults with obese tendencies in a randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: In spite of the much evidence for the beneficial effects of probiotics, their anti‐obesity effects have not been well examined. We evaluated the effects of the probiotic Lactobacillus gasseri SBT2055 (LG2055) on abdominal adiposity, body weight and other body measures in adults with obese tendencies. SUBJECTS/METHODS: We conducted a multicenter, double‐blind, randomized, placebo‐controlled intervention trial. Subjects (n=87) with higher body mass index (BMI) (24.2‐30.7 kg/m(2)) and abdominal visceral fat area (81.2‐178.5 cm(2)) were randomly assigned to receive either fermented milk (FM) containing LG2055 (active FM$$$ n=43) or FM without LG2055 (control FM$$$ n=44), and were asked to consume 200 g/day of FM for 12 weeks. Abdominal fat area was determined by computed tomography. RESULTS: In the active FM group, abdominal visceral and subcutaneous fat areas significantly (P<0.01) decreased from baseline by an average of 4.6% (mean (confidence interval): ‐5.8 (‐10.0, ‐1.7) cm(2)) and 3.3% (‐7.4 (‐11.6, ‐3.1) cm(2)), respectively. Body weight and other measures also decreased significantly (P<0.001) as follows: body weight, 1.4% (‐1.1 (‐1.5, ‐0.7) kg)$$$ BMI, 1.5% (‐0.4 (‐0.5, ‐0.2) kg/m(2))$$$ waist, 1.8% (‐1.7 (‐2.1, ‐1.4) cm)$$$ hip, 1.5% (‐1.5 (‐1.8, ‐1.1) cm). In the control group, by contrast, none of these parameters decreased significantly. High‐molecular weight adiponectin in serum increased significantly (P<0.01) in the active and control groups by 12.7% (0.17 (0.07, 0.26) microg/ml) and 13.6% (0.23 (0.07, 0.38) microg/ml), respectively. CONCLUSION: The probiotic LG2055 showed lowering effects on abdominal adiposity, body weight and other measures, suggesting its beneficial influence on metabolic disorders.
Early Gut Fungal and Bacterial Microbiota and Childhood Growth$$$ Introduction: Childhood growth is a sensitive marker of health. Animal studies show increased height and weight velocity in the presence of fungal as well as antibiotic supplement in feed. Human studies on early gut microbiota and anthropometrics have mainly focused on bacteria only and overweight, with diverging results. We thus aimed to investigate the associations between childhood growth [height and body mass index (BMI)] and early fungal and bacterial gut microbiota. Methods: In a population‐based cohort, a subset of 278 pregnant mothers was randomized to drink milk with or without probiotic bacteria during and after pregnancy. We obtained fecal samples in offspring at four time points between 0 and 2 years and anthropometric measurements 0 and 9 years. By quantitative PCR and 16S/ITS rRNA gene sequencing, children's gut microbiota abundance and diversity were analyzed against height standard deviation score (SDS) and BMI‐SDS and presented as effect estimate (β) of linear mixed models. Results: From 278 included children (149 girls), 1,015 fecal samples were collected. Maternal probiotic administration did not affect childhood growth, and the groups were pooled. Fungal abundance at 2 years was positively associated with height‐SDS at 2–9 years (β = 0.11 height‐SDS$$$ 95% CI, 0.00, 0.22) but not with BMI‐SDS. Also, higher fungal abundance at 1 year was associated with a lower BMI‐SDS at 0–1 year (β = −0.09 BMI‐SDS$$$ 95% CI, −0.18, −0.00), and both bacterial abundance and bacterial alpha diversity at 1 year were associated with lower BMI‐SDS at 0–1 year (β = −0.13 BMI‐SDS$$$ 95% CI, −0.22, −0.04$$$ and β = −0.19 BMI‐SDS$$$ 95% CI, −0.39, −0.00, respectively). Conclusions: In this prospective cohort following 0–9‐year‐old children, we observed that higher gut fungal abundances at 2 years were associated with taller children between 2 and 9 years. Also, higher gut fungal and bacterial abundances and higher gut bacterial diversity at 1 year were associated with lower BMI in the first year of life. The results may indicate interactions between early gut fungal microbiota and the human growth‐regulating physiology, previously not reported. Clinical Trial Registration: Clinicaltrials.gov, NCT00159523.
The effect of a natural food based tube feeding in minimizing diarrhea in critically ill neurological patients$$$ BACKGROUND & AIMS: Diarrhea has negative consequences for patients, health care staff and health care costs when neurological patients are fed enterally over long periods. We examined the effect of tube feeding with natural foods in reducing the number of fluid stool evacuations and diarrhea in critically ill neurological patients. METHODS: A multicenter, prospective, open‐label and randomized controlled trial (RCT) was conducted at facilities in Germany specializing in early rehabilitation after neurological damage. Patients of the INTERVENTION group were fed by tube using a commercially available product based on real foods such as milk, meat, carrots, whereas CONTROL patients received a standard tube‐feed made of powdered raw materials. All received enteral nutrition over a maximum of 30 days. The number of defecations and the consistency of each stool according to the Bristol Stool Chart (BSC) were monitored. In addition, daily calories, liquids and antibiotic‐use were recorded. RESULTS: 118 Patients who had suffered ischemic stroke, intracerebral hemorrhage, traumatic brain injury or hypoxic brain damage and requiring enteral nutrition were enrolled$$$ 59 were randomized to receive the intervention and 59 control feed. There were no significant differences in clinical screening data, age, sex, observation period or days under enteral nutrition between the groups. Patients in both groups received equivalent amount of calories and fluids. In both groups antibiotics were frequently prescribed (69.5% in the INTERVENTION group and 75.7% in the CONTROL group) for 10‐11 days on average. In comparison to the CONTROL group, patients in the INTERVENTION group had a significant reduction of the number of watery stool evacuations (type 7 BSC) (minus 61%, IRR = 0.39, p < 0.001). Further statistical evaluations using the following corrections: major diarrhea‐associated confounders (number and duration of antibiotics)$$$ shorter observation period of 15 days$$$ excluding patients with Clostridium difficile associated diarrhea (CDAD) and the Per Protocol Population, confirmed the primary hypothesis. The number of days with diarrhea was significantly lower in the INTERVENTION group (0.8 ± 1.60 days versus 2.0 ± 3.46 days). CONCLUSIONS: Tube feeding with natural based food was effective in reducing the number of watery defecations and diarrhea in long term tube‐fed critically ill neurological patients, compared to those fed with standard tube feeding.
Dietary energy compensation in response to reduced sugar diet in non-obese men and women$$$ Consumption of reformulated sugar‐containing processed products has been recommended as a strategy for reducing non‐milk extrinsic sugars (NMES) to no more than 10% of total energy intake (EI) and as a weight reducing strategy in today's obesity epidemic(1,2). It is therefore important to determine the impact of sugar reformulated food consumption on energy balance dynamics. The REFORM study (ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01645995) examined the impact of an 8‐week sugar reformulated product exchange on EI, energy expenditure (EE) and energy balance (EB), in a double‐blind, randomised, controlled, crossover design. Forty five healthy, non‐dieting, non‐obese volunteers (14 male, 31 female$$$ age: 32•0 (SD 9•8) years$$$ BMI: 23•5 (SD 3•0) kg/m2) were randomly assigned to consume either regular sugar or sugar‐reformulated food and drink products including confectionary, pasta sauces, baked beans, muesli, condiments and sugar‐sweetened beverages for a 56 d period, with a 28 d washout period. The minimum target difference in dietary NMES intake between the regular and reformulated product exchange was 38 g/d (152 kcal). Weighed food diaries (4 d) and accelerometer data (7 d) were used to assess EI, EE and EB at baseline and following each dietary exchange period. There was no significant effect of the intervention on body weight, EI, EE or EB. Significant time x treatment interactions were evident for carbohydrate (CHO$$$ g and % EI$$$ P < 0•000), total sugar intake (g and % EI$$$ P < 0•000) and fat (% EI$$$ P < 0•001). Significantly higher CHO, total sugar and lower fat as a percentage of EI were consumed following the regular sugar treatment. Body weight at the end of the reformulated dietary exchange period was predicted to be 2•5 (SE 0•001) kg lower using the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney (NIDDK) body weight simulator(3), compared to the observed body weight. The predicted body weight accounted for 98•8% of the variance in the observed body weight, suggesting that the volunteers' energy compensated. Long‐term sugar reformulated product exchange resulted in energy compensation, when consumed as part of an habitual diet, partly through increased voluntary fat intake. Furthermore, body weight was predicted to be lower (using the NIDDK model) than observed, following the reformulated dietary exchange period, supporting the hypothesis of dietary energy compensation. In conclusion consumption of reformulated‐sugar products as part of a blinded dietary exchange, resulted in a significant reduction in sugar intake, but had no effect on energy balance or body weight due to dietary energy compensation in non‐obese men and women. Future work is required to determine if these findings have relevance to energy compensation in obesity and if consumed without blinding.
A Comparative Study on Efficacy of Tila Kalka (sesame paste) alongwith Madhusarpi (honey and purified butter) and Jatyadi Tail Application on Dushta Vrana (infected wound) w.s.r. to Diabetic foot ulcer$$$ INTERVENTION: CONDITION: Health Condition 1: E116‐ Type 2 diabetes mellitus with other specified complications PRIMARY OUTCOME: Pain, Burning sensation, Itching, SmellTimepoint: Daily for 30 days SECONDARY OUTCOME: Size of ulcer, Discharge, Foul smell, Granulation, SloughingTimepoint: Daily for 30 days INCLUSION CRITERIA: The patients of diabetic foot ulcer. The patients of either se Xaged between 20‐70 years.
Randomized controlled study of the effect of a butter naturally enriched in trans fatty acids on blood lipids in healthy women$$$ BACKGROUND: Whereas the negative effect of consuming trans fatty acids found in partially hydrogenated vegetable oils on cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk is well established, the effect of trans fatty acids from ruminant sources (rTFAs) on CVD risk factors has not yet been established, particularly among women. OBJECTIVE: We investigated the effects of a butter naturally enriched in rTFAs, of which vaccenic acid is the predominant isomer, on plasma lipid concentrations among healthy women. DESIGN: In a double‐blind, randomized, crossover controlled study, 61 healthy women aged 19‐70 y were fed 2 isoenergetic diets lasting 4 wk each. The 2 diets were defined as moderately high in rTFAs (3.7 g/d, 1.5% of daily energy) and control (0.9 g/d, 0.3% of daily energy). RESULTS: No significant effect of the rTFA diet was found on total plasma cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, apolipoprotein B, apolipoprotein A‐I, and triglyceride concentrations compared with the control diet. There was a small yet statistically significant reduction in plasma HDL‐cholesterol concentrations with the rTFA diet (‐2.8%$$$ P = 0.004), which was significant (P for the BMI × treatment interaction = 0.006) among women with a BMI (in kg/m(2)) ≥25 (‐5.2%$$$ P = 0.004$$$ n = 18) but not among women with a BMI <25 (‐1.2%$$$ P = 0.13$$$ n = 43). CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that an increase in dietary rTFAs equivalent to ∼1% of daily energy has no significant effect on LDL but may be associated with a reduction in plasma HDL‐cholesterol concentrations, particularly in overweight women. This trial is registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00930137.
Impact of phenylketonuria type meal on appetite, thermic effect of feeding and postprandial fat oxidation$$$ BACKGROUND: Dietary management of phenylketonuria (PKU) requires the replacement of natural protein‐containing foods with special low protein foods. The effect of a PKU type diet on factors contributing to energy balance requires investigation. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the impact of a PKU type meal on appetite ratings, gut appetite hormones, thermic effect of feeding (TEF) and fat oxidation. METHODS: Twenty‐three healthy adults (mean +/‐ SD age: 24.3 +/‐ 5.1 years$$$ BMI: 22.4 +/‐ 2.5 kg/m2) participated in a randomized, crossover design study. Each participant conducted two (PKU and Control) experimental trials which involved consumption of a PKU type meal and protein substitute drink or an isocaloric and weight matched ordinary meal and protein‐enriched milk. Appetite, metabolic rate, fat oxidation measurements and blood collections were conducted for the duration of 300 min. On the completion of the measurements ad libitum buffet dinner was served. RESULTS: Responses of appetite ratings, plasma concentrations of GLP‐1 and PYY (P > 0.05, trial effect, two‐way ANOVA) and energy intake during ad libitum buffet dinner (P > 0.05, paired t‐test) were not significantly different between the two trials. The TEF (PKU, 10.2 +/‐ 1.5%$$$ Control, 13.2 +/‐ 1.0%) and the total amount of fat oxidized (PKU, 18.90 +/‐ 1.10 g$$$ Control, 22.10 +/‐ 1.10 g) were significantly (P < 0.05, paired t‐tests) lower in the PKU than in the Control trial. The differences in TEF and fat oxidation were significant (P < 0.05, paired t‐tests) for the post‐meal period. CONCLUSIONS: Consumption of a meal composed of special low protein foods has no detrimental impact on appetite and appetite hormones but produces a lower TEF and postprandial fat oxidation than an ordinary meal. These metabolic alterations may contribute to the increased prevalence of obesity reported in patients with PKU on contemporary dietary management. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: The trial has been registered in ClinicalTrials as NCT02440932.
Neonatal Birthweight, Infant Feeding, and Childhood Metabolic Markers$$$ OBJECTIVE:  Antenatal and early neonatal nutritional environment may influence later metabolic health. Infants of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have higher risk for childhood obesity and metabolic syndrome (MetS). Leptin and adiponectin are known biomarkers for MetS and may guide interventions to reduce later obesity. We sought to examine the relationship between birthweight, early infancy feeding practices, and biomarkers for MetS in offspring of women with mild GDM. STUDY DESIGN:  Secondary analysis of a prospective observational follow‐up study on the offspring of women who participated in a multicenter randomized treatment trial on mild GDM. Children were evaluated by research coordinators and biospecimens collected at the age of 5 to 10. Plasma concentrations of leptin and adiponectin were compared between large for gestational age (LGA) and average birthweight (AGA) infants, and according to whether solid foods were introduced early (<6 months of age) or at the recommended age (≥6 months of age). Multivariable analysis adjusted for fetal sex, race/ethnicity, and maternal body mass index. RESULTS:  Leptin and adiponectin were measured in 336 plasma samples. In bivariate analysis, compared with AGA children, LGA children had lower leptin (5.0 ng/mL [3.6‐6.0] vs. 5.8 ng/mL [4.5 = 6.6], p = 0.01) and similar adiponectin (6.3 µg/mL [5.1‐7.9] vs. 6.4 µg/mL [5.3‐8.6], p = 0.49) concentrations. Maternal/child characteristics were similar between the early/delayed solid feeding groups. Leptin and adiponectin concentrations were similar in the early fed and delayed feeding groups (5.8 ng/mL [4.6‐6.7] vs. 5.6 ng/mL [4.2‐6.6], p = 0.50 and 6.4 µg/mL [5.4‐8.1] vs. 6.4 µg/mL [5.1‐8.8], p = 0.85, respectively). After controlling for covariates, children who were LGA and AGA at birth had similar leptin concentrations. CONCLUSION:  Birthweight and early infancy feeding practice are not associated with alterations in leptin and adiponectin in children of women with mild GDM. KEY POINTS: · Adipocytokines are markers of metabolic status.. · Children of women with mild GDM may be at risk for MetS.. · Biomarkers similar in LGA and AGA groups.. · Biomarkers similar in early and delayed solid‐fed groups.. · Nonhuman milk does not modify effect of feeding practice..
Estimated dietary vitamin D intake during pregnancy$$$ Vitamin D is involved in calcium and phosphate homeostasis and is essential for the maintenance of bone health(1). Insufficient vitamin D intake has significant consequences for maternal and neonatal health. In Europe, maternal vitamin D intake has been reported to fall below the recommendations(2‐3). Higher BMI is associated with lower status of vitamin D but it is unclear if dietary intakes vary according to BMI, particularly during pregnancy. Some studies have reported higher intakes in obese pregnant women relative to normal weight women(4), whilst others have reported lower vitamin D intakes in obese compared to non‐obese women(5). The aim of this study was to assess and compare maternal dietary vitamin D intake among normal weight, overweight and obese pregnant women. Data collected from an ongoing double‐blinded randomised vitamin D intervention study (MO‐VITD) were used for analysis. Pregnant women without pregnancy complications, aged >18 years and having a singleton pregnancy were recruited between January 2016 and December 2016. All participants completed a validated vitamin D food frequency questionnaire (FFQ)(6) at approximately 28 weeks gestation. Data from 80 pregnant women (43 normal weight, 20 overweight, 17 obese) were included in the current analysis. The mean daily intake of vitamin D from food sources during pregnancy was 4·91 μg/d. Obese pregnant women had a significantly lower dietary vitamin D intake compared to normal weight women (3·19 vs. 5·57 μg/day$$$ P = 0·037). There was a significant negative correlation between maternal BMI and dietary vitamin D intake (r = ‐0·202$$$ P = 0·036). When analysed at food level, reported vitamin D intake from fish, cereal, eggs and butter was 1·48, 1·33, 0·97 and 0·37 μg/d respectively. Breakfast cereals were the greatest contributor to vitamin D intake (27 %) and only within the 'Fish' consumption group was there a significant difference in intakes across BMI categories, with obese pregnant women having a lower fish intake compared with normal weight women (1·95 vs. 0·66 μg/day$$$ P = 0·010). The findings of this study are in agreement with other European research and demonstrate that maternal dietary vitamin D intakes are low. Maternal obesity is shown to be associated with dietary vitamin D intake. These findings support the guidelines for vitamin D supplementation during pregnancy.
The effects of computer based cognitive rehabilitation in patients with symptoms of visuospatial neglect or hemianopsia after stroke: a randomized, controlled, unblinded cross-over pilot-study$$$ Background and Aims: To address the effects of Computer Based Cognitive Rehabilitation (CBCR) in patients with visuospatial neglect and/or hemianopia in the subacute phase after stroke. Method: CBCR was delivered by a commercially available program: 'Scientific Braintraining PRO' designed to train visuospatial attention and mental rotation. Fourteen patients were randomly assigned to early or late CBCR intervention targeting visuospatial symptoms in a cross‐over design. All patients were included within 40 days of stroke onset. The early intervention group (EI group) received CBCR starting immediately after inclusion for three weeks, and the late intervention group (LI group) started a 3‐week CBCR intervention 3 weeks after inclusion. Attention was assessed by the CABPad Butterfly test at baseline, 3 weeks and 6 weeks. Results: Groups were balanced on baseline characteristics. The EI group showed a significant reduction in neglect score between baseline and after training (p=0.018), while the neglect score did not change significantly in the LI group, neither during the waiting list period nor during training, though an insignificant trend in this direction was observed The LI group did not improve during their no‐training period (p=0.237) nor during their CBCR intervention period (p=0.116). The difference in improvement during training periods was not significant between the EI and LI group (p=0.259). Conclusion: CBCR improved visuospatial symptoms after stroke significantly, especially when administered early in the subacute phase after stroke. The study was small and confirmation is needed. (Figure presented) .
Differential effect of cocoa drinks with low and high theobromine dose on peripheral and central blood pressure: a double blind placebo controlled randomised cross-over trial$$$ Background: Flavonoid containing cocoa products may have a BP lowering effect. It has been suggested that theobromine, due to its vasodilatory properties, could add to this effect. We tested whether flavonoid‐rich cocoa drinks low or high in theobromine could lower peripheral and central BP. Methods: In a double‐blind placebo‐controlled cross‐over trial we assigned 42 healthy individuals (32 males, age 62 +/‐ 4.5 yrs) with low CVD risk and office BP of 130‐159/85‐99 mmHg to a random treatment sequence of acidified‐milk drinks containing (1) placebo, (2) cocoa powder with 500 mg flavonoids and low dose (115 mg) theobromine (LDTC) or (3) cocoa powder with 500 mg flavonoids and high dose (1000 mg) theobromine (HDTC). Treatment duration was three weeks with two weeks wash‐out. Measurements were done at baseline and after each treatment period. The primary outcome was 24‐hour ambulatoryBP. Secondary out come was central BP two hours after consumption of the test product. Outcomes were analysed using linear mixed models with correction for baseline measurements. Results: Treatment with placebo, LDTC and HDTC resulted in a mean 24‐hour systolic and diastolic BP (+/‐SE) of 123.9 (1.0)/76.4(0.6), 125.4(1.0)/77.7 (0.6) and 127.2 (1.0)/77.8 (0.6) mmHg, respectively (p = 0.02/p = 0.06), while central BP was 128.6 (1.5)/ 82.7 (0.9), 129.5 (1.5)/ 82.8(0.9) and 124.3 (1.5)/ 81.6 (0.9) mmHg (p = 0.001/p = 0.26). Conclusions: Treatment of flavonoid‐rich cocoa drinks high in theobromine increased 24‐hour ambulatory systolic BP, but lowered central systolic BP compared to placebo. There were no differences in peripheral or central systolic and diastolic BP between the cocoa drink low in theobromine and placebo. 20th European Meeting on Hypertension of the European Society of Hypertension, ESH$$$ 2010 Jun 18‐21$$$ Oslo, Norway
The acute effects of meals rich in saturated or unsaturated fatty acids on cell adhesion molecules and ex-vivo cytokine production in healthy men (cocoheart study)$$$ Background and Aims : Saturated fatty acids (SFA) may contribute to the development of atherosclerosis via activation of inflammatory responses and endothelial expression of cell adhesion molecules. Although coconut oil is gaining popularity in the UK diet, little is known about the effects of this plant‐derived SFA‐rich oil on markers of inflammation and endothelial function. The aim of this study was to compare the effects of SFA‐rich oils (coconut oil with butter) and vegetable oils on postprandial plasma cell adhesion molecules (intercellular adhesion molecule‐1, vascular adhesion molecule‐1(VCAM‐1), E‐selectin and P‐selectin) and cytokine production (interleukin (IL)6, IL‐10, IL‐1b, tumour necrosis factor a, C‐X‐C motif chemokine ligand 5 (CXCL5) and C‐C motif chemokine ligand 5) in men. Methods: A single‐blind, randomised cross‐over postprandial study was conducted in 13 men. Participants consumed sequential high‐fat meals rich in butter, coconut or vegetable oils on three occasions. Ex‐vivo cytokine production was measured using whole blood culture after stimulation (24h) with bacterial lipopolysaccharides. Cytokines and plasma cell adhesion molecules were analysed by Luminex. Results: A significant mealxtime interaction was evident for postprandial plasma VCAM‐1, with a different pattern of response after the vegetable than butter and coconut oil containing meals (p=0.040). Although not significant, there was a tendency for the incremental area under the curve for the postprandial VCAM‐1 response to be lower, and CXCL5 response to be higher, after the SFA‐rich than vegetable oil meals. Conclusions: Our findings reveal a difference in postprandial VCAM‐1 response between the test fats and a tendency to promote proinflammatory cytokines after SFA‐rich oils than vegetable oil.
Differences in postprandial hemodynamic response on a high protein versus a high carbohydrate diet$$$ Objective: Several intervention trials have shown that diet composition affects blood pressure (BP). In this study we focused on postprandial hemodynamic changes on a high carbohydrate versus a high protein diet. Design and Method: In this randomized double‐blind parallel group study, 54 adult untreated overweight subjects with mildly elevated BP (BMI 25‐35 kg/m2, BP > 130/85 and < 160/100 mm Hg) were included. After a 2‐week run‐in period on a weightmaintaining standardized diet (15 en% protein (P), 30 en% fat (F) and 55 en% carbohydrate (C)), subjects were randomized to a high P or a high C diet for 4 weeks. On the high C diet 60 g of C of the run‐in diet was replaced by 3x20 g of maltodextrin supplements, on the high P diet 60 g of C was replaced by 3x20 g of a protein supplement (mixture of 20% pea, 20% soy, 30% egg and 30% milk protein isolate). Supplements were matched for Na, P, K, Ca and Mg content and taken with each meal. Postprandial hemodynamic responses to the diets were determined on day 1 and day 28 of supplement use over 4 hours after meal ingestion. Differences in the postprandial responses between groups were analyzed by ANCOVA with baseline fasting values as covariate. Results: On day 1, postprandial mean arterial pressure (MAP) and total peripheral resistance (TPR) were lower in the C than in the P group (‐2.6 mm Hg (95% CI ‐5.1, ‐0.2), p = 0.04 and ‐0.8 mm Hg/(L/min) (95% CI ‐1.8, +0.2), p = 0.12), whereas cardiac output (CO) response did not differ between diets (0.1 L/min (95% CI ‐0.4, +0.6), p = 0.61). In contrast, after 4 weeks CO response was higher in the C than in the P group (+0.6 L/min (95% CI +0.2, +1.0), p = 0.007), TPR remained lower in the C than in the P group (‐1.2 mm Hg/(L/min) (95% CI ‐2.1, ‐0.4), p = 0.01), while no significant differences were found in MAP response (‐0.7 mm Hg (95% CI ‐3.2, +1.9), p = 0.61). Conclusions: The results of the study show that food intake is followed by a pronounced reduction in TPR in subjects with mildly elevated BP. The increase in CO is not sufficient to prevent a decrease in MAP after food intake. Hemodynamic responses after food intake are influenced by the protein/carbohydrate ratio of the diet. The effects of the protein/carbohydrate ratio of the diet may change after maintaining the diet for four weeks.
A randomised controlled trial of physical activity and salt restriction in persons being treated with medication for hypertension$$$ Introduction This thesis describes two studies: The Auckland Heart Study Validation Project which validated the physical activity questionnaire from an earlier case‐control study (known as the Auckland Heart Study)$$$ The Auckland Blood Pressure Control Study which was a factorial design randomised controlled trial of physical activity and salt restriction as a means of further lowering blood pressure in a community sample of patients treated with anti‐hypertensive medication. This study used the physical activity questionnaire validated in the Auckland Heart Study Validation Project. Coronary heart disease is the leading cause of death and a major cause of morbidity in New Zealand. The Auckland Heart Study was a case‐control study examining coronary heart disease and its risk factors and was conducted in Auckland from 1986 to 1988 (Jackson, 1989). This study incorporated a three month recall questionnaire on physical activity. The results showed that a high level of physical activity was associated with a low rate of coronary heart disease. For example the odds ratio for those with high levels of moderate leisure time physical activity was 0.78 for men and 0.39 for women. To assess the validity of the physical activity questionnaire, the Auckland Heart Study Validation Project was conducted in 1988. Both physical inactivity and hypertension are risk factors for coronary heart disease and physical activity is known to lower blood pressure. The Auckland Blood Pressure Control study was conducted during 1989‐90 in order to assess the effectiveness of physical activity as a means of lowering blood pressure in a community setting. The physical activity questionnaire used in the Auckland Blood Pressure Control study was the same one validated in the Auckland Heart Study Validation Project. This thesis describes both the Auckland Heart Study Validation Project and the Auckland Blood Pressure Control study. The Auckland Heart Study Validation Project The 186 Participants for the Auckland Heart Study Validation Project were randomly selected from the control group of the Auckland Heart Study. Of those who could be contacted, 152 completed a seven day physical activity and food intake diary. The seven day diary was the gold standard for the three month physical activity recall questionnaire used in the Auckland Heart Study. The response rate for completing the seven day diary was 82%. The original control group had been randomly chosen from the community and hence the sub‐sample of 152 participants represented a reasonable cross‐section of the community. The correlations for the three month recall questionnaire compared with the seven day dairy, were 0.61, 0.49 and 0.86 for moderate, vigorous and total activity respectively. These findings were consistent with other validation studies in the literature. One of the strengths of the Auckland Heart Study Validation project was that it was undertaken in the community population for which it was intended. It was concluded that the three month physical activity recall measured physical activity in general and over the three recall period. Auckland Blood Pressure Control study Low levels of physical activity have been shown in observational studies to be associated with a high incidence of both coronary heart disease and hypertension. A concern with observational studies is that the findings may be due to confounding factors which are not able to be controlled, either in the design or the analysis. The best method of controlling for confounding is through the use of randomised controlled trials. The literature on physical activity as a means of lowering blood pressure contains many randomised trials and almost all have methodological weaknesses. Moreover, most of those studies have been conducted in laboratory settings$$$ very few trials of physical activity and blood pressure have been conducted in community settings. The literature on salt restriction as a means of lowering blood pressure contains numerous well designed randomized controlled trials showing that salt restriction can lower blood pressure. While significant results have been achieved from salt restriction most of these studies have been involved intensive input from dietitians. None of the community based studies have demonstrated significant blood pressure reductions. The aim of the Auckland Blood Pressure Control study was to assess the effectiveness of physical activity and/or salt restriction as therapies to lower blood pressure in treated hypertensive patients in a community setting. The research design was a factorial design randomised controlled trial of physical activity and salt restriction as therapies for lowering blood pressure. Participants were recruited for the study from general practitioners and a variety of public advertisements. The study was conducted over six months and 181 of the baseline 208 participants completed the study. The two interventions were brisk walking for 40 minutes, three times a week and salt restriction advice. The main outcome measures were blinded blood pressures measured at three and six months. The average age of the participants was 55 years and there were approximately equal numbers of men and women. At the three month interview there was a statistically reduction in systolic blood pressure for salt restriction and physical activity as separate therapies, but not for the combination. There was no significant reduction in diastolic blood pressure at the three or six month assessment. Although the Auckland Heart Study three month recall questionnaire was valid for the case‐control study there was concern that it was not sensitive enough for the randomised controlled trial. It was concluded that both physical activity and salt restriction lowered systolic blood pressure, at least in the short term, in persons with hypertension treated with medication in a community setting.
The Auckland blood pressure control study: a randomised controlled trial of physical activity and salt restriction in persons being treated with medication for hypertension$$$ This thesis describes two studies: The Auckland Heart Study Validation Project which validated the physical activity questionnaire from an earlier case‐control study (known as the Auckland Heart Study)$$$ The Auckland Blood Pressure Control Study which was a factorial design randomised controlled trial of physical activity and salt restriction as a means of further lowering blood pressure in a community sample of patients treated with anti‐hypertensive medication. This study used the physical activity questionnaire validated in the Auckland Heart Study Validation Project. Coronary heart disease is the leading cause of death and a major cause of morbidity in New Zealand. The Auckland Heart Study was a case‐control study examining coronary heart disease and its risk factors and was conducted in Auckland from 1986 to 1988 (Jackson, 1989). This study incorporated a three month recall questionnaire on physical activity. The results showed that a high level of physical activity was associated with a low rate of coronary heart disease. For example the odds ratio for those with high levels of moderate leisure time physical activity was 0.78 for men and 0.39 for women. To assess the validity of the physical activity questionnaire, the Auckland Heart Study Validation Project was conducted in 1988. Both physical inactivity and hypertension are risk factors for coronary heart disease and physical activity is known to lower blood pressure. The Auckland Blood Pressure Control study was conducted during 1989‐90 in order to assess the effectiveness of physical activity as a means of lowering blood pressure in a community setting. The physical activity questionnaire used in the Auckland Blood Pressure Control study was the same one validated in the Auckland Heart Study Validation Project. This thesis describes both the Auckland Heart Study Validation Project and the Auckland Blood Pressure Control study. The Auckland Heart Study Validation Project The 186 Participants for the Auckland Heart Study Validation Project were randomly selected from the control group of the Auckland Heart Study. Of those who could be contacted, 152 completed a seven day physical activity and food intake diary. The seven day diary was the gold standard for the three month physical activity recall questionnaire used in the Auckland Heart Study. The response rate for completing the seven day diary was 82%. The original control group had been randomly chosen from the community and hence the sub‐sample of 152 participants represented a reasonable cross‐section of the community. The correlations for the three month recall questionnaire compared with the seven day dairy, were 0.61, 0.49 and 0.86 for moderate, vigorous and total activity respectively. These findings were consistent with other validation studies in the literature. One of the strengths of the Auckland Heart Study Validation project was that it was undertaken in the community population for which it was intended. It was concluded that the three month physical activity recall measured physical activity in general and over the three recall period. Auckland Blood Pressure Control study Low levels of physical activity have been shown in observational studies to be associated with a high incidence of both coronary heart disease and hypertension. A concern with observational studies is that the findings may be due to confounding factors which are not able to be controlled, either in the design or the analysis. The best method of controlling for confounding is through the use of randomised controlled trials. The literature on physical activity as a means of lowering blood pressure contains many randomised trials and almost all have methodological weaknesses. Moreover, most of those studies have been conducted in laboratory settings$$$ very few trials of physical activity and blood pressure have been conducted in community settings. The literature on salt restriction as a means of lowering blood pressure contains numerous well designed randomized controlled trials showing that salt restriction can lower blood p essure. While significant results have been achieved from salt restriction most of these studies have been involved intensive input from dietitians. None of the community based studies have demonstrated significant blood pressure reductions. The aim of the Auckland Blood Pressure Control study was to assess the effectiveness of physical activity and/or salt restriction as therapies to lower blood pressure in treated hypertensive patients in a community setting. The research design was a factorial design randomised controlled trial of physical activity and salt restriction as therapies for lowering blood pressure. Participants were recruited for the study from general practitioners and a variety of public advertisements. The study was conducted over six months and 181 of the baseline 208 participants completed the study. The two interventions were brisk walking for 40 minutes, three times a week and salt restriction advice. The main outcome measures were blinded blood pressures measured at three and six months. The average age of the participants was 55 years and there were approximately equal numbers of men and women. At the three month interview there was a statistically reduction in systolic blood pressure for salt restriction and physical activity as separate therapies, but not for the combination. There was no significant reduction in diastolic blood pressure at the three or six month assessment. Although the Auckland Heart Study three month recall questionnaire was valid for the case‐control study there was concern that it was not sensitive enough for the randomised controlled trial. It was concluded that both physical activity and salt restriction lowered systolic blood pressure, at least in the short term, in persons with hypertension treated with medication in a community setting.
Effect of Peanut Intake on Cognitive Function in Older Adults With Self-Reported Memory Complaints$$$ Objectives: Frequent tree nut and peanut intake may have benefits for cognitive health. Our objective was to examine the effect of peanut consumption on cognitive performance in elderly overweight participants with cardiovascular risk factors and self‐reported memory complaints. Methods: We conducted a 12‐week, randomized, controlled study to explore the effects of eating 42–56 g/d of peanuts (PG) in comparison to a habitual diet free of peanuts (CG) on cognitive performance using a battery of neurocognitive tests on 28 elderly participants (15 men, mean±SD for age 72.5±5.6 years). Participants otherwise ate their habitual diet. Those in the PG consumed a combination of peanuts and peanut butter with their skin intact. ANCOVA was performed to determine the difference between groups for the score change from baseline to end of study (means±SD). Besides the global composite score, the following domains were analyzed – Memory, Verbal fluency, Speed, and Executive function. Results: No significant differences were observed between the two groups for changes in global composite score (PG=0.127±0.30, CG=0.162±0.285) or for any of the four cognitive domain scores: memory (PG=0.126±0.426, CG=0.157±0.507), speed (PG=0.044±0.585, CG=0.148±0.507), verbal fluency (PG=0.219±0.589, CG=0.175±0.520), and executive function (PG=0.205±0.537, CG=0.174±0.516). Conclusions: Preliminary analyses revealed no significant effect of eating peanuts for 12weeks in global cognition, or in any specific cognitive domain, including memory, verbal fluency, speed, and executive function. Further analyses with careful consideration of additional confounders may provide a better understanding of the effects of peanuts on cognitive functions. Funding Sources: The Peanut Institute.
Acute and second-meal effects of almond form in impaired glucose tolerant adults: a randomized crossover trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Nut consumption may reduce the risk of developing type 2 diabetes. The aim of the current study was to measure the acute and second‐meal effects of morning almond consumption and determine the contribution of different nut fractions. METHODS: Fourteen impaired glucose tolerant (IGT) adults participated in a randomized, 5‐arm, crossover design study where whole almonds (WA), almond butter (AB), defatted almond flour (AF), almond oil (AO) or no almonds (vehicle ‐ V) were incorporated into a 75 g available carbohydrate‐matched breakfast meal. Postprandial concentrations of blood glucose, insulin, non‐esterified free fatty acids (NEFA), glucagon‐like peptide‐1 (GLP‐1) and appetitive sensations were assessed after treatment breakfasts and a standard lunch. RESULTS: WA significantly attenuated second‐meal and daylong blood glucose incremental area under the curve (AUCI) and provided the greatest daylong feeling of fullness. AB and AO decreased blood glucose AUCI in the morning period and daylong blood glucose AUCI was attenuated with AO. WA and AO elicited a greater second‐meal insulin response, particularly in the early postprandial phase, and concurrently suppressed the second‐meal NEFA response. GLP‐1 concentrations did not vary significantly between treatments. CONCLUSIONS: Inclusion of almonds in the breakfast meal decreased blood glucose concentrations and increased satiety both acutely and after a second‐meal in adults with IGT. The lipid component of almonds is likely responsible for the immediate post‐ingestive response, although it cannot explain the differential second‐meal response to AB versus WA and AO.
The glycaemic index and insulinaemic index of commercially available breakfast and snack foods in an Asian population$$$ A low‐glycaemic‐index (GI) breakfast has been shown to lower blood glucose levels throughout the day. A wide variety of breakfast foods are consumed, but their GI values are largely unknown, hence limiting consumers' ability to select healthier options. This study investigated the GI values of ten common breakfast (five Asian and five Western) foods in this region using a randomised, cross‐over study design. Participants arrived after an overnight fast, and fasting blood sample was taken before participants consumed test foods. Next, blood samples were taken at fixed intervals for 180 min. Glycaemic and insulinaemic responses to test foods were calculated as incremental AUC over 120 min, which were subsequently reported as glycaemic and insulinaemic indices. In all, nineteen healthy men (nine Chinese and ten Indians) aged 24·7 (sem 0·4) years with a BMI of 21·7 (sem 0·4) kg/m2 completed the study. Asian breakfast foods were of medium (white bun filled with red bean paste=58 (sem 4)$$$ Chinese steamed white bun=58 (sem 3)) to high GI (rice idli=85 (sem 4)$$$ rice dosa=76 (sem 5)$$$ upma=71 (sem 6)), whereas Western breakfast foods were all of low GI (whole‐grain biscuit=54 (sem 5)$$$ whole‐grain biscuit filled with peanut butter=44 (sem 3)$$$ whole‐grain oat muesli=55 (sem 4)$$$ whole‐grain oat protein granola=51 (sem 4)$$$ whole‐grain protein cereal=49 (sem 3)). The GI of test foods negatively correlated with protein (r s ‐0·366), fat (r s ‐0·268) and dietary fibre (r s ‐0·422) (all P<0·001). GI values from this study contribute to the worldwide GI database, and may assist healthcare professionals in recommending low‐GI breakfast to assist in lower daily glycaemia among Asians who are susceptible to type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Effects of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Over Trunk Motor Spot on Balance Function in Stroke Patients$$$ Objective To assess the efficacy of high‐frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on balance function in patients with chronic stroke. Methods Thirty participants with chronic stroke were enrolled in this study. High frequency (10 Hz) rTMS was delivered with butterfly‐coil on trunk motor spot. Each patient received both real and sham rTMS in a random sequence. The rTMS cycles (real or sham) were composed of 10 sessions each, administered over two weeks, and separated by a 4‐week washout period. Balance function was measured by Berg Balance Scale and computerized dynamic posturography to determine the effect of rTMS before and one day after the end of each treatment period, as well as at a 1‐month follow‐up. Results The balance function was significantly improved after high frequency rTMS as compared with that after sham rTMS (p<0.05). There was no serious adverse effect in patients during the treatment period. Conclusion In the chronic stroke patients, high frequency rTMS to the trunk motor area seems to be a helpful way to improve balance function without any specific adverse effects. Further studies are needed to identify the underlying mechanism and generate a detailed protocol.
Modification of Breakfast Fat Composition Can Modulate Cytokine and Other Inflammatory Mediators in Women: a Randomized Crossover Trial$$$ Previous trials have demonstrated that modifying dietary fat composition can influence the production of inflammation‐related factors. Additionally, it has been suggested that not only the type of fat, but also the timing of fat intake can impact these factors. Therefore, the objective of the present study was to evaluate the effect of altering breakfast fat composition on inflammatory parameters. A 3‐month crossover randomized trial was designed, involving 60 institutionalized women who alternately consumed a breakfast rich in polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) (margarine), monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA) (virgin olive oil), or saturated fatty acids (SFA) (butter), based on randomization. The following inflammatory markers were evaluated: epidermal growth factor (EGF), interferon (IFN)‐α, interleukin (IL)‐1α, IL‐1β, IL‐2, IL‐4, IL‐6, IL‐8, IL‐10, monocyte chemoattractant protein‐1 (MCP‐1), tumor necrosis factor (TNF)‐α, C‐reactive protein (CRP), and vascular/endothelial growth factor (VEGF). The results showed that the most significant effects were observed with the high‐MUFA breakfast, as there was a statistically significant decrease in plasma IL‐6 (p = 0.016) and VEGF values (p = 0.035). Other factors, such as IL‐1α and CRP, also decreased substantially, but did not reach the statistically significant level. On the other hand, the high‐PUFA breakfast induced a significant decrease in EGF levels (p < 0.001), whereas the high‐SFA breakfast had no apparent effect on these factors. In conclusion, modifying breakfast fat, particularly by increasing MUFA or PUFA intake, appears to be sufficient for promoting a lower inflammatory marker synthesis profile and may be beneficial in improving cardiovascular complications.
Short-term effects of trans fatty acids from ruminant and industrial sources on surrogate markers of cardiovascular risk in healthy men and women: a randomized, controlled, double-blind trial$$$ Objective The aim of this study was to determine short‐term effects of trans fatty acid (TFA) intake from ruminant and industrial sources on surrogate markers of cardiovascular risk in the context of a balanced diet with 30‐36% of daily energy from fat. Design Prospective, randomized, double‐blind, parallel‐design study. Methods In this study, 142 healthy volunteers aged 45 to 69 years were randomly allocated to three different diets: either a diet enriched with 2% of daily energy intake from ruminant TFA (rTFA) or with industrial TFA (iTFA), or a diet without TFA (wTFA), for a duration of four weeks. The primary outcome parameter was endothelial function measured by brachial artery flow mediated dilation (FMD). Secondary outcome parameters included biomarkers for inflammation, coagulation and endothelial function and lipid profiles. One hundred and twenty‐nine participants completed the study. Results Neither alpine butter with TFA from ruminant source nor margarine with industrially produced TFA showed significant effects on brachial artery FMD (FMD% differences: rTFA vs. iTFA 0.04 (95% confidence interval 0.91 to 0.98), rTFA vs. wTFA ‐0.98 (‐2.00 to 0.04) and iTFA vs. wTFA ‐1.04 (‐2.38 to 0.30). With rTFA, there was a small but significant increase of total cholesterol: rTFA over wTFA 1.04 (1.00 to 1.07 mmol/l) and LDL‐cholesterol: rTFA over wTFA 1.08 (1.03 to 1.14 mmol/l) without concomitant increase of biomarkers for inflammation or coagulation. Conclusions Short‐term intake of TFA at 2% of total daily energy intake from neither ruminant nor industrially produced sources does not have any negative impact on brachial artery FMD, inflammation and coagulation markers in healthy subjects.
Intensive lifestyle modification program on weight loss and metabolic syndrome risks among obese women in rural areas: a randomized control trial$$$ INTERVENTION: The program was designed to highlight the individualâ??s health concerns and help them recognize their susceptibility to obesity, its co‐morbidities, and its potential life threatening severity. Expectantly, individuals would change their lifestyles when they perceived the benefits of positive lifestyle changes, particularly with regards to diet and physical activity. Additionally, the model aims to provide confidence to overcome any perceived barriers via counseling, health education, and exercise training. The Diabetes Prevention Program, which includes health education and accumulative exercise, was adapted for this study [17]. In addition, motivational interviewing was employed to inspire the participants to adhere to the recommended diet and exercise regime [18â??19]. The program was implemented for 16 weeks during the summer to best fit with the time schedules of the participants. The intervention consisted of 12 sessions, once a week for 8 weeks and then every 2 weeks until the 16th week. Each session included 9 to 11 participants and lasted 90 to 120 minutes including 30 to 45 minutes of exercise. Importantly, each session was conducted in the community by an interventionist as a health role model and a trained preparation assistant. The health role model was a nutritionist nurse who had successfully lost weight and had over 10 years of experience in counseling clinics related to health behaviors. Therapeutic communication was important for maintaining harmonious rapport‐building between the interventionist and the participants. At the end of each session, participants received a small sample of healthy food that included fresh fruits and low fat milk. All four of the main components of the intervention were simultaneously conducted during each session. The first component was a tailored nutritional counseling [20] session with motivational interviewing [18â??19] for establishing a client‐centered counseling style. This concept was employed to motivat CONDITION: Obesity is a global public health problem [1â??2]. In Thailand, the prevalence of obesity has been increasing at an alarming rate in all life stages [3]. The highest obesity rate is reported to occur $$$ obesity, metabolic syndrome, weight loss, lifestyle modification, women, health role model, rural areas, health belief model, motivational interviewing obesity, metabolic syndrome, weight loss, lifestyle modification, women, health role model, rural areas, health belief model, motivational interviewing PRIMARY OUTCOME: Improvements of body weight and metabolic syndrome component [Timeframe 16 weeks Body weights, BS, TG, HDL‐C] SECONDARY OUTCOME: Improvements of Anthropometric indicas and KAP [Timeframe 16 weeks Anthropometric and dietary measurements, KAP questionaires] INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion criteria included age 30 to 50 years with a normal menstrual period, body mass index (BMI) â?¥27.5 kg/m2, no chronic diseases, no drug use, no pregnancy, no breastfeeding, and no other weight loss program participation. From these eligible participants, 60 were randomly drawn and all agreed to join the program. Then, they were randomly assigned to either the intervention or the control group (1:1). A sample size calculation using the G*Power 3.1.7 statistical program indicated that a minimum of 25 participants were required using average triglyceride content data from previous studies with two independent groups, alpha (ï ¡) 0.05, power (1‐Î²) 0.9, and effect size 0.94 [16]. There were 30 participants in each group to allow for 20% of the expected drop‐out rate.
Effect of Persian Medicine Remedy on Chemotherapy Induced Nausea and Vomiting in Breast Cancer: A Double Blind, Randomized, Crossover Clinical Trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Chemotherapy induced nausea and vomiting (CINV) is a side effect, and has negative effect on quality of life and continuation of chemotherapy. Despite new regimen and drugs, the problems still remain and standard guidelines, effective treatment and supportive care for refractory CINV are still not yet established. Persian medicine, the old Iranian medical school, offer Persumac (prepared from Rhus Coriaria and Bunium Persicum Boiss). OBJECTIVE: The specific objectives were to assess the effect of Persumac on the number and severity of nausea and vomiting in refractory CINV in acute and delayed phase. METHODS: This randomized, double blind, crossover clinical trial study was carried out on 93 patients with breast cancer and refractory CINV, who received outpatient high emetogenic chemotherapy in Imam Reza hospital, Mashhad, Iran from October 2015 to May 2016. The study has three stages: in stage I patients received a questionaire and completed it after chemotherapy. In stage II they were randomly divided into intervention group with Persumac and control group with placebo (lactose were used). In stage III, wash out and crossover was conducted. Both groups in all stages received standard antiemetic therapy for CINV. The following were set as the inclusion criteria of the study: female, Age =18 years, clinical diagnosis of breast cancer, history of refractory CINV, normal blood tests and at least three courses of chemotherapy remaining. Exclusion criteria of this study were: Total or upper abdominal radiation therapy along with chemotherapy, drugs/therapy for nausea and vomiting not prescribed in this study, hypersensitivity to Sumac or Bunium Persicum, use of sumac and Bunium Persicum in seven days prior to the intervention, clinical diagnosis of digestion disorders, non‐chemotherapy induced nausea and vomiting, milk allergy, loss of two consecutive or three intermittent doses of Persumac or placebo. Outcomes were gathered by Persian questionnaire. Number and severity of nausea and vomiting was measured with a self‐reporting tool$$$ visual analog scale. CONCLUSION: Persumac may control the refractory CINV. The implicable and clinical importance of this research is that another option exists for refractory CINV. Higher doses, different cancers, patients with more various features, and more complete methodology and tools can provide appropriate designs for new research on this topic. TRIAL REGISTRATION: This trial was registered at the Clinical Trials.gov ID: NCT02787707. FUNDING: This study is part of a Ph.D. thesis and under grant$$$ No: 930735 of Research Chancellery of MUMS. RESULTS: Demographic data and other characters in both groups have no significant diffrence. Eighty of 93 eligible patients in stage I completed the study and in stage II, eleven declined participation for stage III (crossover). P value of carry over, period and treatment effects demonstrated that they had not affected the results before and after crossover. The mean severity of nausea in acute phase was in stage I: 4.83 ± 1.40, stage II: 4.54 ± 2.0 and stage III: 4.15 ± 0.92 in sequence AB (first Persumac and then placebo in crossover), and in sequence BA (first placebo and then Persumac in crossover) was respectively 4.83 ± 1.40, 4.54 ± 2.0, 4.15 ± 0.92 with p value of carry over effect: 0.03 and period effect: 0.22. Except for severity of nausea in acute phase, the mean number and severity of nausea and vomiting scores significantly decreased in acute and delayed phase of CINV.
Gated myocardial perfusion tomography versus gated blood pool tomography for the calculation of left ventricular volumes and ejection fraction$$$ Left ventricular (LV) volume, and not only ejection fraction (EF), is a crucial parameter for assessing the severity of cardiac disease and determining the patient's prognosis. The purpose of this study was to compare LV volumes and EF computed automatically from gated blood pool tomography (gBPT), using QUBE, and from gated myocardial perfusion tomography (gMPT), using QGS, in the same patients with a known history of myocardial infarction. The effects of the extent and severity of the myocardial perfusion defects were investigated. Thirty‐seven patients were injected in a random sequence with 740 MBq of technetium‐99m human serum albumin and 925 MBq of (99m)Tc‐tetrofosmin, within an interval of 2 days. gBPT and gMPT were acquired on the same triple‐head gamma camera using the following acquisition parameters: 360 degrees step‐and shoot rotation, 32 stops (96 projections), 30 s per stop, 64x64 matrix (pixel size 5.8 mm), 8 time bins (75% forward/backward framing). Projection data were reconstructed by filtered back‐projection using a Butterworth filter. LV volumes calculated from gBPT correlated well with LV volumes measured on gMPT ( r=0.93 for end‐diastolic volume and 0.95 for end‐systolic volume). Volumes above 200 ml, however, were substantially higher with gMPT than with gBPT. These discrepancies were related to the severity, but not the extent, of the perfusion defects. There was also good agreement between gBPT and gMPT for the LVEF ( r=0.91). On the Bland‐Altman plot, no trend but a systematic error of 5.57% and a random error of 6.85% could be found. For the LVEF, the differences between the gated tomographic techniques were related neither to the extent nor to the severity of the perfusion defects. In conclusion, LV volumes and EF computed on gMPT correlated well with those measured on gBPT. Discrepancies were observed for large volumes presumably because of inaccuracies of gMPT in patients with severe perfusion defects.
Variability of left ventricular ejection fraction and volumes with quantitative gated SPECT: influence of algorithm, pixel size and reconstruction parameters in small and normal-sized hearts$$$ PURPOSE: Several software packages are commercially available for quantification of left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) and volumes from myocardial gated single‐photon emission computed tomography (SPECT), all of which display a high reproducibility. However, their accuracy has been questioned in patients with a small heart. This study aimed to evaluate the performances of different software and the influence of modifications in acquisition or reconstruction parameters on LVEF and volume measurements, depending on the heart size. METHODS: In 31 patients referred for gated SPECT, 64(2) and 128(2) matrix acquisitions were consecutively obtained. After reconstruction by filtered back‐projection (Butterworth, 0.4, 0.5 or 0.6 cycles/cm cut‐off, order 6), LVEF and volumes were computed with different software [three versions of Quantitative Gated SPECT (QGS), the Emory Cardiac Toolbox (ECT) and the Stanford University (SU‐Segami) Medical School algorithm] and processing workstations. Depending upon their end‐systolic volume (ESV), patients were classified into two groups: group I (ESV>30 ml, n=14) and group II (ESV<30 ml, n=17). Agreement between the different software packages and the influence of matrix size and sharpness of the filter on LVEF and volumes were evaluated in both groups. RESULTS: In group I, the correlation coefficients between the different methods ranged from 0.82 to 0.94 except for SU‐Segami (r=0.77), and were slightly lower for volumes than for LVEF. Mean differences between the methods were not significant, except for ECT, with which LVEF values were systematically higher by more than 10%. Changes in matrix size had no significant influence on LVEF or volumes. On the other hand, a sharper filter was associated with significantly larger volume values though this did not usually result in significant changes in LVEF. In group II, many patients had an LVEF in the higher range. The correlation coefficients between the different methods ranged between 0.80 and 0.96 except for SU‐Segami (r=0.49), and were slightly worse for volumes than for LVEF values. In contrast to group I, however, inter‐method variability was quite large and most mean LVEF differences were significant. LVEF was systematically highest with ECT and lowest with SU‐Segami. With QGS, changes in matrix size from 64(2) to 128(2) were associated with significantly larger volumes as well as lower LVEF values. Increasing the filter cut‐off frequency had the same effect. With SU‐Segami, a larger matrix was associated with larger end‐diastolic volumes and smaller ESVs, resulting in a highly significant increase in LVEF. Increasing the filter sharpness, on the other hand, had no influence on LVEF though the measured volumes were significantly larger. CONCLUSION: In patients with a normal‐sized heart, LVEF and volume estimates computed from different commercially available software packages for quantitative gated SPECT are well correlated. LVEF and volumes are only slightly sensitive to changes in matrix size. Smoothing, by contrast, is associated with significant changes in volumes but usually not in LVEF values. However, owing to the specific characteristics of each algorithm, software should not be interchanged for follow‐up in an individual patient. In small hearts, on the other hand, both the used software and the matrix size or smoothing significantly influence the results of quantitative gated SPECT. LVEF values in the higher range are frequently observed with all the studied software except for SU‐Segami. A larger matrix or a sharper filter could be suggested to enhance the accuracy of most commercial software, more particularly in patients with a small heart.
Effect of Physiotherapy treatment on vital indicators like respiratory rate, oxygen level in blood and newborn behavior in newborns with birth complications admitted in special new born care unit$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Tactile Stimulation: Procedure I: This will be done in the prone position. Eight firm strokes with palmer surface of the hands, finger‐tip massage and thumb pressure for 5‐15 seconds each stroke, and it will be provided in each area as follows: (a) Head ‐ from forehead hairline, over scalp down to neck with alternate hands$$$ (b) Neck ‐ from midline, outwards with both hands simultaneously$$$ (c) Shoulders ‐ from midline, outwards with both hands simultaneously$$$ and (d) Back ‐ from nape of neck down to buttock with firm, long stroke with alternate hands. Procedure‐II: This will be done in the supine position. Eight firm strokes with palms of the hands, finger‐tip massage and thumb pressure for 5‐10 seconds each, and it will be provided in each area as follows: (a) Forehead ‐ From midline, outwards with thumb simultaneously$$$ (b) Cheeks ‐ From side of nose, with finger tip massage simultaneously in rotating and clockwise direction$$$ (c) Chest‐ ‘butterfly’ stroking from midline upwards, outwards, downwards and inwards back to initiating point using palmer aspect of hand$$$ (d) Abdomen ‐ From the appendix, in a clock wise direction around abdomen avoiding the epigastrium and probes, with gentle strokes$$$ (e) Upper limbs (each separately) ‐ from shoulders to wrist using alternate hands for stroking$$$ ( f ) Lower limbs(each separately) ‐ from hips to ankles using alternate hands for stroking$$$ (g) Palms ‐ from wrist to finger tips using alternate hand for stroking$$$ and (h) Soles ‐from heel to toe tips using alternate hands for stroking. The frequency and duration of treatment is 20 minutes two sessions per day along with conventional Physiotherapy. The frequency and duration of treatment is 20 minutes two sessions per day till 4th week or day of discharge. Intervention f CONDITION: Health Condition 1: P916‐ Hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy [HIE] Health Condition 2: P84‐ Other problems with newborn PRIMARY OUTCOME: Respiratory Rate $$$ Oxygen Saturation $$$ Neuromotor behavior Brazelton Neonatal Behavioral Assessment Scale(NBAS)Timepoint: 1st week (baseline) $$$ 4th week & $$$ 8th week SECONDARY OUTCOME: Neonatal Neurobehavioral examination(NNE)Timepoint: 1st week (baseline), 4th week (follow‐up 1), & 8th week $$$ (follow‐up 2) INCLUSION CRITERIA: Neonate born more than 35 weeks of gestational age with perinatal asphyxia Neonate who has HIE – Stage I & II (Sarnat et al 1976)
Effects of fatigue on kinematical parameters during submaximal and maximal 100-m butterfly bouts$$$ We aimed to analyze the effects of fatigue on kinematical parameters during submaximal and maximal butterfly. Seven female swimmers performed two randomized 100‐m butterfly bouts, at submaximal velocity and at maximal velocity in 25‐m pool. During the 1st and 4th laps of each 100 m, kinematic data were recorded by two video cameras (above and below water) on the sagittal plane. Velocity, stroke length, stroke frequency, intracyclic horizontal velocity variation, horizontal and vertical displacements of the hand and foot and stroke phases' duration were computed for each stroke cycle. Velocity, stroke length, stroke frequency were lower for 4th than 1st lap, at both intensities. Dropped elbow and foot vertical amplitude of 1st and 2nd downbeats were higher for 4th than 1st lap, at both intensities. At submaximal and maximal intensity, swimmers spent more time during push and recovery phases. At submaximal intensity, swimmers experienced fewer difficulties to cope with fatigue between 1st and 4th lap, which allowed the maintenance of intracyclic velocity variation. However, at maximal intensity, swimmers were probably more fatigued and, as a consequence, less mechanically efficient, showing an increase in intracyclic velocity variation.
Influence of auditory modeling on learning a swimming skill$$$ Auditory modeling has been an effective method of learning a new skill in laboratory settings$$$ however, research examining the effectiveness of auditory modeling in a real world task is limited. Thus, the purpose of this study was to examine the effectiveness of auditory modeling on the learning of a swimming skill, specifically the butterfly stroke. Participants were 37 male college students enrolled in two swimming classes. The classes were randomly assigned as the control group, i.e., the standard swimming curriculum for the butterfly stroke including demonstration, verbal instructions, and practice, and the auditory modeling group, i.e., standard swimming curriculum for the butterfly stroke plus auditory modeling. Quantitative and qualitative analyses indicate that auditory modeling is an effective method for enhancing the learning of this real world motor skill.
Ready-to-eat cereal used as a meal replacement promotes weight loss in humans$$$ OBJECTIVES: The primary aim was to determine whether ready‐to‐eat cereal used as a portion‐controlled, meal replacement promotes weight loss. Additional aims were to determine whether weight loss differed if the cereal was provided as a single brand or variety of brands and whether this use of ready‐to‐eat cereal promotes continued weight loss following transition to a high‐fiber, high‐volume (Volumetric) diet. METHODS: Body composition was measured and diet records, appetite questionnaires and activity logs were completed during baseline and end of intervention weeks 2 and 6. Participants were assigned to one of four treatment groups. Group 1 (6 M, 22 F, mean age 43.0 +/‐ 1.9 years, mean initial BMI 28.9 +/‐ 0.4 kg/m(2)) consumed a serving of a single brand of ready‐to‐eat cereal with 2/3 C skim milk and a 100 Kcal portion of fruit for breakfast and as a replacement for either lunch or dinner for weeks 1 and 2. No restrictions were placed on the non‐cereal meal. They then followed the Volumetric diet for weeks 3 to 6 with a target energy restriction of 500 kcal/day. Group 2 (3 M, 25 F, mean age 40.9 +/‐ 2.3 years, mean initial BMI 29.39 +/‐ 0.6 kg/m(2)) followed the same protocol, but was permitted to select from a variety of ready‐to‐eat cereals during weeks 1 and 2. Group 3 (7 M, 19 F, mean age 41.6 +/‐ 2.4 years, mean initial BMI 29.3 +/‐ 0.6 kg/m(2)) received no dietary instruction during the six‐week study and Group 4 (9 M, 18 F, mean age 38.2 +/‐ 2.8 years, mean initial BMI 29.3 +/‐ 0.6 kg/m(2)) received no intervention prior to adoption of the Volumetric diet for weeks 3 to 6. RESULTS: The cereal interventions resulted in 640 +/‐ 109 and 617 +/‐ 105 kcal/day reductions of energy intake in Groups 1 and 2, respectively, during the two‐week cereal intervention. This led to comparable mean weight losses (1.91 +/‐ 0.19 kg‐Group 1, 1.37 +/‐ 0.15 kg‐Group 2) that were significantly greater than that observed in Group 3 (0.08 +/‐ 0.15 kg). The losses were primarily of fat mass. No significant changes of total body water were observed. Weight loss continued during the Volumetric diet in Groups 1 and 2. The changes were comparable to those observed in Group 4, and all were significantly greater than that of Group 3. Self‐reported hunger was slightly, but significantly higher than baseline in Groups 1 and 2 during the cereal intervention, but similar to baseline in Groups 1, 2 and 3 during the Volumetric diet. Based on predicted weight loss, compliance with the Volumetric diet was similar and limited in all three intervention groups. CONCLUSIONS: Ready‐to‐eat cereals may be used to promote weight loss when consumed as a portion‐controlled, meal replacement. Provision of a variety of brands does not compromise efficacy. Weight losses may be maintained or increased after transition to the Volumetric diet. The later regimen effectively controls hunger and may lead to weight loss, but compliance is limited.
Fasting before live kidney donation, effect on donor wellbeing and postoperative recovery$$$ INTERVENTION: Preoperative nutritional preconditioning by a 2,5 day fast, with the use of a low dose laxatives. 60 hours before surgery (2,5 days), subjects start a fasting regime. Fasting is defined as no caloric intake. Subjects are free to drink unlimited water, tea and coffee (without sugar or milk) to maintain a sufficient fluid balance. In addition, they are allowed a daily dose of 100 grams of vegetables (cucumber, baby carrots and baby tomatoes). To prevent the loss of electrolytes they are allowed 3 *Drinkbouillon* (Knorr Tuinkruiden: 3,6 grams per cup, containing 4kcals) or *Opkikkertjes* (Maggi: 3,3 grams per cup , containing 7 kcals). After surgery, the subjects are free to eat what and how much they want. Participants in the intervention group also use 1 dose of Macrogol 3350 (13,1 grams and electrolytes) each day for 3 days before surgery. CONDITION: 10038365 10038430 Upregulatie van beschermende cytokinen tegen oxidatieve schade tgv dieetrestrictie $$$ Postoperative fatigue / DNA‐Damage / Ischemia‐reperfusion Injury / after live kidney donation PRIMARY OUTCOME: Postoperative fatigue, scored by 36‐Item Short Form Health Survey (RAND‐36). $$$ The primary endpoint will be measured 4 weeks after surgery.$$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: Adult patients and donors opting for living kidney donation and transplantation at Erasmus MC, University Medical Center in Rotterdam, the Netherlands and University Medical Center Groningen in Groningen, the Netherlands In order to be eligible to participate in this study, a subject going for live kidney donation must meet all of the following criteria: ‐ Age between 18 and 70 years old ‐ BMI between 19 and 35 kg/m2 ‐ Provide written consent ‐ Adequate understanding of the Dutch language SECONDARY OUTCOME: Postoperative fatigue, measured by QoR‐40, scored 4 weeks after surgery. $$$ $$$ Postoperative hospital admission time, measured in days since surgery. $$$ $$$ Adherence to the fasting regime $$$ ‐ Self‐reported adherence $$$ ‐ Change of body weight $$$ ‐ Blood samples on the day of surgery $$$ $$$ Physical activity before, during and after hospital stay $$$ ‐ Determined by SmartWatches, 1 week prior and 2 weeks after surgery. $$$ $$$ Postoperative recovery of renal function in the donor $$$ ‐ Change in Creatinine, Cystatine C, Urea, protein content in urine, and renal $$$ function (eGFR by Cockcroft/CKD‐EPI) $$$ ‐ $$$ Postoperative recovery of renal function in the transplanted patient $$$ ‐ Change in Creatinine, Cystatine C, Urea, protein content in urine, and renal $$$ function (eGFR by Cockcroft/CKD‐EPI) $$$ ‐ Incidence of delayed graft function (defined as the need of dialysis in 1 $$$ week after transplantation) $$$ ‐ Incidence of acute rejection, biopsy proven $$$ $$$ Determination of upregulation of cytoprotective genes / anti‐inflammatory $$$ markers $$$ ‐ Lab testing, blood samples drawn on day 0 $$$ ‐ Kidney biopsy, acquired after donation and after reperfusion $$$ ‐ Tissue retrieval of distal ureter and peri‐renal fat $$$ $$$ Investigate the use and merit of uEV in renal transplantation in human subjects $$$ and the effect of fasting on uEV $$$ ‐ Assess the change in uEV between fasted en non‐fasted subjects $$$ ‐ Assess the correlation between uEV, histopathological changes and $$$ postoperative renal function $$$ ‐ Investigate the use of urinary extracellular vesicles as a predictive $$$ biomarker of future graft function $$$ $$$ To assess the effect of fasting on immune cells in the blood (e.g. higher/lower $$$ quantity of immune cells, more/less activation,maturation or differentiation of $$$ those cells) $$$ Study if the immune‐modulating effect of fasting correlates with post‐operative $$$ recovery of kidney donors. $$$
Acute effect of scapular mobilization with associated myofascial release on butterfly performance: randomized clinical trial$$$ Introduction: To evaluate the acute effect of scapular mobilization with associated myofascial release compared to scapular mobilization without myofascial release on butterfly stroke sports performance. Design: Randomized clinical trial. Method: Pilot study that non‐probabilistically convenience sampling that selected butterfly swimmers who were simply randomized into three groups to receive the standard protocol (scapular mobilization with release of the subscapularis muscle by the lateral edge of the scapula and rib cage detachment) in intervention group (IG), sham group (SG) (scapular mobilization without subscapularis muscle release and without rib cage detachment) or no intervention in control group (CG). We evaluated the stroke frequency, length, and average speed of 30 swimmers using the 8.15 Kinovea® motion analysis system. Results: The findings showed that, compared to the CG and IG, the SG showed a significant reduction in mean velocity (p = 0.002$$$ p = 0.02, respectively), stroke frequency (p = 0.002$$$ p = 0.003, respectively), and stroke length (p = 0.01$$$ p = 0.05, respectively). Discussion: The results showed that manual therapy through scapular mobilization without associated myofascial release with detachment of the scapula from the rib cage worsened the swimming efficiency indicators even after 30 min of application of the technique. The limitations of the studies are related to the sample size, the risk of non‐probabilistic contraction bias and the lack of blinding of the evaluators. Thus, the results of this study should be evaluated with caution.
efficacy and safety of probiotic butter spread (probiotic food)$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Probiotic butter spread (Probiotic Food): 20g Probiotic Butter Spread is having 14g fat, 9g Saturated fat, 4 g of MUFA, 0.66g PUFA, 0.25g Tans fat, 31.4 mg cholesterol, 157 mg sodium. It is also enriched with vitamins A, D2 and E Control Intervention1: Standard Normal Butter: Standard Normal Butter CONDITION: PRIMARY OUTCOME: 1. Efficacy and safety on gut flora (% abundance of various bacterial phyla, families, genera and species with L. rhamnosus and L. reuteri separately) $$$ 2. Effect and safety on serum inflammatory markers [hs‐CRP] $$$ 3. To assess the effect on mean % change in immunity markers by measuring NK cell activity. $$$ 4. Efficacy and safety on Blood lipid profile characteristics $$$ 5. Effect of Test products on blood parameters, change in Hematology, Liver Function Tests, Renal Function Tests. $$$ Timepoint: 1. After 43 days of treatment from baseline and between both arms. $$$ 2. Day 1 to 43 Days of treatment and between both arms. $$$ 3. Day 1 to 43 Days of treatment and between both arms. $$$ 4. Day 1 to 43 Days of treatment and between both arms. $$$ 5. On Screening Visit and Day 43 $$$ SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1. Subjects tolerance to the test products [i.e. Flatulence, bloating, burp, rumbling, cramps, nausea, stool frequency, and stool consistency]. This will be measured on a 5‐point Likert Scale by subject self‐assessment questionnaire $$$ 2. Efficacy of test product on quality of life (QoL) $$$ 3. To assess the subjects perception about test product. $$$ 4. Safety of test product will be determined by adverse event, if any, reported by the Principal Investigator along with self‐reported by subjects. $$$ Timepoint: 1. Day 1 to 43 Days of treatment and between both arms. $$$ 2. Day 1 to 43 Days of treatment and between both arms. $$$ 3. Day 43 $$$ 4. Day 1 to Day 15, Day 29 and Day 43 $$$ INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Age: 18 to 60 years (both inclusive) at the time of consent. 2. Sex: Males and Non‐pregnant/Non‐lactating Females (preferably equal numbers of males and females). 3. Females of Childbearing potential must have a negative urine pregnancy test performed on screening visit and agree to follow an accepted method of birth control for the duration of the study. 4. Stable weight (+/‐ 3 kg) for the last 3 months. 5. Subjects with BMI >18.4 and <25.0 kg/mÂ² Normal to Overweight, as per Asian BMI guidelines will be included in the study. 6. Subjects with ability to understand and willingness to sign and date a written Informed Consent Document at the screening visit before any protocol‐ specific procedures are performed. 7. Subjects willing to follow all study instructions and report to facility for all scheduled study visits. 8. Subjects with borderline high LDL cholesterol levels i.e. â?¥ 130mg/dl an
Effectivenes of Modified Sleeper Stretch Vs Conventional Stretch on Range and Performance in Swimmers with Glenohumeral Internal Rotation Deficit (GIRD)$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Modified Sleeper Stretch: Participants will be allotted in 2 groups Group 1‐ The participants will be given modified sleeper stretch with the person in side lying position on a plinth or on even an surface. Shoulder and elbow in 90degrees of abduction and flexion respectively. Then ask the person to roll 20‐30 degrees on side to stabilize the scapula. Then ask patient to actively internally rotate the shoulder and passive overstretch will be given with 30s hold for 3 repetitions The modified sleeper stretch performed with the athlete in side lying position, trunk rolled posteriorly 20‐30 degrees and shoulder elevated to 90 degrees. Control Intervention1: Conventional Stretching: Group2 ‐ In this group participants will be given conventional stretching like across body stretching and overhead stretching with 30s hold for 3 repetitions CONDITION: PRIMARY OUTCOME: Range of motion $$$ Internal rotation Lag test $$$ Kim testTimepoint: Baseline, for screening. Before the intervention starts and at the end of intervention .i.e. 2weeks SECONDARY OUTCOME: ElectromyogramTimepoint: Baseline, before beginning of intervention. At the end of 2 weeks intervention. INCLUSION CRITERIA: swimmers specializing in free style, breast stroke ,butterfly stroke swimmers testing positive for GIRD positive internal rotation lag test and kim test willingness of participants
BMI modifies the effect of dietary fat on atherogenic lipids: a randomized clinical trial$$$ BACKGROUND: SFA intake increases LDL cholesterol whereas PUFA intake lowers it. Whether the lipid response to dietary fat differs between normal‐weight and obese persons is of relevance to dietary recommendations for obese populations. OBJECTIVES: We compared the effect of substituting unsaturated fat for saturated fat on LDL cholesterol and apoB concentrations in normal‐weight (BMI ≤ 25 kg/m2) and obese (BMI: 30‐45) subjects with elevated LDL cholesterol. METHODS: We randomly assigned 83 men and women (aged 21‐70 y) stratified by BMI (normal: n = 44$$$ obese: n = 39) and elevated LDL cholesterol (mean ± SD, normal weight 4.6 ± 0.9 mmol/L$$$ obese 4.4 ± 0.8 mmol/L) to either a PUFA diet enriched with oil‐based margarine ( n = 42) or an SFA diet enriched with butter (n = 41) for 6 wk. RESULTS: Seven‐day dietary records showed differences of ∼9 energy percent (E%) in SFA and ∼4 E% in PUFA between the SFA and PUFA groups. In the total study population, the PUFA diet compared with the SFA diet lowered LDL cholesterol (‐0.31 mmol/L$$$ 95% CI: ‐0.47, ‐0.15 mmol/L, compared with 0.32 mmol/L$$$ 95% CI: 0.18, 0.47 mmol/L$$$ P < 0.001) and apoB (‐0.08 g/L$$$ 95% CI: ‐0.11, ‐0.05 g/L, compared with 0.07 g/L$$$ 95% CI: 0.03, 0.10 g/L$$$ P < 0.001). Tests of the BMI × diet interaction were significant for total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, and apoB ( P values ≤ 0.009). In normal‐weight compared with obese participants post‐hoc comparisons found that the respective changes in LDL cholesterol were 9.7% (95% CI: 5.3%, 14.2%) compared with 5.3% (95% CI: ‐0.7%, 11.2%), P = 0.206, in the SFA group, and ‐10.4% (95% CI: ‐15.2%, ‐5.7%) compared with ‐2.3% (95% CI: ‐7.4%, 2.8%), P = 0.020, in the PUFA group. ApoB changes were 7.5% (95% CI: 3.5%, 11.4%) compared with 3.0% (95% CI: ‐1.7%, 7.7%), P = 0.140, in the SFA group, and ‐8.9% (95% CI: ‐12.6%, ‐5.2%) compared with ‐3.8% (95% CI: ‐6.3%, ‐1.2%), P = 0.021, in the PUFA group. Responses to dietary fat were not associated with changes in polyprotein convertase subtisilin/kexin type 9 concentrations. CONCLUSIONS: BMI modifies the effect of PUFAs compared with SFAs, with smaller improvements in atherogenic lipid concentrations in obese than in normal‐weight individuals, possibly supporting adjustment of dietary recommendations according to BMI. This trial was registered with www.clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02589769.
124 Comparison of First-Pass Peripheral Intravenous Cannulation Using a Handheld Ultrasound Device to Using a Traditional High-End Ultrasound System: a Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Study Objectives: As handheld ultrasound (US) devices have become more commonplace in the practice of emergency medicine (EM), this study aimed to compare the efficacy of a novel handheld ultrasound device (HHUD), the Butterfly IQ (Butterfly Network Inc., Guilford, CT), to that of a traditional high‐end ultrasound system (HEUS), the Mindray TE7 (Mindray North America, Mahwah, NJ), in gaining peripheral intravenous (PIV) access on first attempt at an EM residency program. Methods: We performed a randomized, controlled trial at a community emergency department (ED) where emergency physicians (EPs) were asked to obtain US‐guided PIV access on difficult‐to‐stick patients, defined as those with unsuccessful PIV catheter placement by nursing staff not using US and/or having a documented history of difficult to obtain PIV access. Patients requiring emergent IV access during cardiopulmonary resuscitation or intubation, access at a location not in the upper extremities or were encephalopathic were excluded. When EPs were asked to place an US‐guided PIV, they were randomly assigned to use either the HEUS or the HHUD based on a randomized generated list kept with the ED clerk. EPs placing US‐guided PIVs filled out a data collection form after each attempt. Successful cannulation was defined as full advancement of the catheter, drawing ≥5cc of blood and flushing >5cc of saline without resistance. If there were 2 unsuccessful attempts with 1 device, cannulation was recorded as a failure. A comparison of the success rate on first attempt using the HHUD to using the HEUS was made using Chi‐square (χ 2) statistical analysis. Data on patient factors that could potentially complicate PIV cannulation was also collected and included known IV drug user, on dialysis, obese (body mass index > 30), 3 or more inpatient admissions in the 3 months prior, received chemotherapy or immunotherapy in the year prior, and active hypotension (systolic blood pressure < 90). Results: 59 patients were recruited in the study and randomized to have an US‐guided PIV placed either using the HHUD (27 patients) or the HEUS (32 patients). Successful cannulation on first attempt occurred 25 of 27 times (92.59%) using the HHUD which was significantly higher than the 22 of 32 times (68.75%) using the HEUS (χ 2=5.138$$$ p=0.023). There was no significant difference between the two groups in the presence of any 1 of the mentioned recorded factors which may complicate IV insertion (χ 2=0.938$$$ p=0.333). Conclusions: This study exhibits that on patients with no significant difference in factors that could potentially complicate PIV placement, EPs were more successful in PIV cannulation on first attempt using a HHUD compared to using a HEUS. We conclude that the Butterfly IQ is a useful tool for placing US‐guided PIVs and may attract further use due to the benefit that minimizing chances of additional attempts provides to patients. Further investigation is needed to determine how varying experience with US amongst EPs plays a role and how advances in handheld software may make HHUDs superior to HEUSs for obtaining PIVs. It also invites future trials comparing HHUDs to HEUSs in other EM use‐cases.
Treatment with n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids overcomes the inverse association of vitamin D deficiency with inflammation in severely obese patients: a randomized controlled trial$$$ Obesity affects the vitamin D status in humans. Vitamin D and long‐chain n‐3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) provide benefit for the prevention of fractures and cardiovascular events, respectively, and both are involved in controlling inflammatory and immune responses. However, published epidemiological data suggest a potential interference of n‐3 PUFA supplementation with vitamin D status. Therefore, we aimed to investigate in a randomized controlled clinical trial whether treatment with long chain n‐3 PUFA affects vitamin D status in severely obese patients and potential interrelations of vitamin D and PUFA treatment with inflammatory parameters. Fifty‐four severely obese (BMI ≥ 40 kg/m2) non‐diabetic patients were treated for eight weeks with either 3.36 g/d EPA and DHA or the same amount of butter fat as control. Changes in serum 25‐hydroxy‐vitamin D [25(OH)D] concentrations, plasma fatty acid profiles and circulating inflammatory marker concentrations from baseline to end of treatment were assessed. At baseline 43/54 patients were vitamin D deficient (serum 25(OH)D concentration <50 nmol/l). Treatment with n‐3 PUFA did not affect vitamin D status (P = 0.91). Serum 25(OH)D concentration correlated negatively with both IL‐6 (P = 0.02) and hsCRP serum concentration (P = 0.03) at baseline. Strikingly, the negative correlations of 25(OH)D with IL‐6 and hsCRP were lost after n‐3 PUFA treatment. In conclusion, vitamin D status of severely obese patients remained unaffected by n‐3 PUFA treatment. However, abrogation of the inverse association of 25(OH)D concentration with inflammatory markers indicated that n‐3 PUFA treatment could compensate for some detrimental consequences of vitamin D deficiency. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT00760760.
Does treatment with n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids influence vitamin D status in severely obese non-diabetic subjects?$$$ Background and aims: Hypovitaminosis D is frequent among obese individuals. Recently, it was shown that the vitamin D status of patients receiving vitamin D3 supplements correlated negatively with the amount of total ingested polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA). n‐3 PUFA and vitamin D have immunomodulatory effects which could help prevent obesity‐associated complications, such as cardiovascular disease. Thus, we aimed to investigate whether treatment with long chain n‐3 PUFA negatively affects vitamin D status in obese patients. Materials and methods: In a randomized, controlled trial we treated 55 severely obese (BMI≥40 kg/m2) non‐diabetic patients with either 3,3 g/d n‐3 PUFA (EPA/DHA) or the same amount of butter fat as control for 8 weeks. At baseline and end of treatment we determined plasma fatty acid profiles, circulating inflammatory marker and serum 25‐hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH) D) concentrations. Statistical analysis was performed using RM‐ANOVA and Spearman's rank correlation. Results: At baseline, 44/55 patients were vitamin D deficient (25(OH)D ≤ 50 nmol/l). The serum 25(OH)D concentration correlated positively with plasma EPA content (rho = 0,30, P = 0,03) and negatively with both IL‐6 and hsCRP serum concentration (rho = ‐0,31 P = 0,02 and rho = ‐0,29 P = 0,03, respectively). Overall, treatment with n‐3 PUFA did not significantly affect vitamin D status compared to control (P = 0,57). However, n‐3 PUFA treatment during summer months significantly increased serum 25(OH)D concentrations (P = 0,002). Median serum triglyceride and IL‐6 concentrations were decreased by 15,9% and 24,8% in the n‐3 PUFA compared to control group, respectively, but correlations of 25(OH)D with EPA and inflammatory markers were no longer detectable at the end of n‐3 PUFA treatment. Conclusion: Vitamin D status of severely obese patients does not deteriorate by 8 week n‐3 PUFA treatment as has been suggested by epidemiological data. Potential synergistic effects of n‐3 PUFA and vitamin D on obesity‐associated comorbidities remain to be elucidated.
Eucaloric diets enriched in palm olein, cocoa butter, and soybean oil did not differentially affect liver fat concentration in healthy participants: a 16-week randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Effects of dietary fat quality on liver fat remain to be elucidated. Inconsistent evidence may be influenced by fatty acid saturation, chain‐length, and regio‐specificity within triacylglycerol (TAG) molecules. OBJECTIVES: We aimed to compare eucaloric diets enriched in palm olein (POo), cocoa butter (COB), and soybean oil (SBO) on liver fat concentration in healthy participants. Secondary outcomes included visceral (VAT) and abdominal subcutaneous (aSCAT) adipose tissue, plus other obesity and cardiometabolic health outcomes. METHODS: Eighty‐three healthy participants (20‐45 y, BMI 18.5‐27.5 kg/m2) commenced and 64 completed a 16‐wk randomized parallel intervention, preceded by a 2‐wk run‐in. Participants consumed identical eucaloric background diets differing in test fats [contributing 20% total energy intake (%E)], providing 33%E total fat with the following ratios for PUFAs/SFAs/MUFAs: POo, 4.2/13.5/15%E$$$ SBO, 14.4/8.8/9.4%E$$$ COB, 2.3/19.5/11%E. Liver fat and abdominal adiposity were measured at weeks 0 and 16 using 1H‐magnetic resonance spectroscopy/imaging$$$ all other outcomes were measured at 0, 4, 8, 12, and 16 wk. RESULTS: Fat quality did not affect liver fat concentration, VAT, aSCAT, obesity indexes, blood pressure, liver enzymes, leptin, or fasting glucose. Body fat mass decreased with SBO and COB compared with POo. SBO decreased serum total cholesterol (TC), LDL cholesterol, and TC:HDL cholesterol relative to POo [estimated marginal mean (95% CI) differences: ‐0.57 (‐0.94, ‐0.20) mmol/L$$$ ‐0.37 (‐0.68, ‐0.07) mmol/L$$$ and ‐0.42 (‐0.73, ‐0.11) mmol/L, respectively]. No diet differences were observed on HDL cholesterol, TAG, apoA1, apoB, apoB:apoA1, or fecal free fatty acids (FFAs), except for lower FFA pentadecanoic acid (15:0) with COB than with SBO and POo. CONCLUSIONS: In healthy adults, when consumed as part of eucaloric typical Australian diets, 3 different dietary fat sources did not differentially affect liver fat concentration and amounts of adipose tissue. Effects on serum lipids were inconsistent across lipid profiles. The findings must be confirmed in metabolically impaired individuals before recommendations can be made.
Treatment with n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid for 8 weeks does not influence vitamin D status in severely obese subjects$$$ Obese individuals are at risk for vitamin D deficiency. Recently, it was shown that the amount of ingested polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) correlated negatively with the vitamin D status of patients receiving vitamin D3 supplements. Due to this potential interaction and since both vitamin D and n‐3 PUFA seem to prevent obesityassociated complications, we investigated whether treatment with long‐chain n‐3 PUFA impacts vitamin D status in obese patients. 55 severely obese (BMI > 40 kg/m2) non‐diabetic patients were treated with either 3.3 g/d n‐3 PUFA (EPA/DHA) or the same amount of butter fat as control for 8 weeks in a randomized controlled trial. Plasma fatty acid profiles, circulating inflammatory marker, and serum 25‐hydroxyvitamin D concentrations were determined at baseline and at treatment end. Statistical analysis was performed using RM‐ANOVA and Spearman correlation. At baseline, 53/55 patients were vitamin D‐deficient. Serum 25‐ hydroxyvitamin D concentration correlated positively with plasma EPA content (rho = 0.30$$$ p = 0.03) and negatively with both IL‐6 and hsCRP serum concentration (rho = ‐0.31$$$ p = 0.02 and rho = ‐0.29$$$ p = 0.03, respectively). Treatment with n‐3 PUFA did not affect vitamin D status (pinteraction = 0.37 in RM‐ANOVA), but significantly decreased median serum triglyceride and IL‐6 concentrations by 15.9 % and 24.8 %, respectively. None of the baseline correlations could be replicated in the n‐3 PUFA group after the treatment. Vitamin D status was unaffected by n‐3 PUFA treatment over 2 months in vitamin D‐deficient, severely obese patients. Cumulative beneficial effects of n‐3 PUFA and vitamin D on obesity‐associated comorbidities remain to be evaluated.
Effect of hand paddles and parachute on butterfly coordination$$$ This study investigated the effects of hand paddles, parachute and hand paddles plus parachute on the inter‐limb coordination of butterfly swimming. Thirteen male swimmers were evaluated in four random maximal intensity conditions: without equipment, with hand paddles, with parachute and with hand paddles + parachute. Arm and leg stroke phases were identified by 2D video analysis to calculate the total time gap (T1: time between hands' entry in the water and high break‐even point of the first undulation$$$ T2: time between the beginning of the hand's backward movement and low break‐even point of the first undulation$$$ T3: time between the hand's arrival in a vertical plane to the shoulders and high break‐even point of the second undulation$$$ T4: time between the hand's release from the water and low break‐even point of the second undulation). The swimming velocity was reduced and T1, T2 and T3 increased in parachute and hand paddles + parachute. No changes were observed in T4. Total time gap decreased in parachute and hand paddles + parachute. It is concluded that hand paddles do not influence the arm‐to‐leg coordination in butterfly, while parachute and hand paddles + parachute do change it, providing a greater propulsive continuity.
Changes in dietary habits of women with breast cancer: preliminary results of a randomized controlled trial$$$ Rationale: An unhealthy lifestyle, including an unbalanced diet along with a sedentary behavior, has been identified as modifiable risk factors for many types of cancer, such as breast cancer (BC). Findings showed that women on adjuvant therapy for BC are prone to weight gain, negatively impacting on BC outcome. The aim of this preliminary analysis was to evaluate dietary changes following an intensive compared to a standard nutritional intervention in patients with BC after 6 months. Methods: This is a randomized controlled study, still ongoing, enrolling adult women on neo‐/adjuvant therapy for BC. Patients were randomly assigned into an “intensive” (A) or a “standard” (B) dietary intervention group. All patients underwent anthropometry. The nutritional intervention was based on the World Cancer Research Fund International recommendations and diets were planned according to the Mediterranean diet (MD). Dietary intake and the adherence to the MD were assessed at baseline (T0) and after 6 months (T6) in both group by 24‐h recall and the Med‐Diet 14‐item questionnaire, respectively. The Med‐diet questionnaire classifies the adherence to the MD in low (score 0‐5), average (score 6‐9) or high (score ≥10). Results: A total of 35 patients were included. Fifteen patients were in the group A (age=51±13y$$$ BMI=24±3kg/m2) and 20 in the group B (age=52±13y$$$ BMI=25±3kg/m2). Body weight decreased after 6 months in the group A (T0:64±7kg vs.T6:62±7kg, p=0.05), but no in the Group B (T0:66±8kg vs.T6:65±8kg, p=0.70). Protein intake significantly decreased in the group A, resulting in a reduced intake of animal‐based protein (T0:48±29g vs.T6:25±17g$$$ p=0.009), cholesterol (T0:296±202mgvs. T6:155±117mg$$$ p=0.009), and saturated fatty acid (T0:24±12g vs.T6:16±9g$$$p=0.007), while no difference were observed for the group B, except for a low carbohydrate intake (T0:194±61g vs.T6:160±47g$$$p=0.03). At baseline, patients showed an average adherence to the MD (score=8). After 6 months, the median adherence improved in both groups, moving from 8 to 10 in the group A (p=0.009) and from 8 to 9 in the group B (p=0.01). Overall, we observed an increase of daily consumption of fruit portions in the group A, and a decrease frequency of red meat, butter, and margarine consumption per week in both groups. Conclusion: These preliminary results showed that an intensive nutritional intervention improved dietary habits of patients on neo‐/adjuvant therapy by affecting body weight after 6 months, potentially improving disease outcome. Additionally, unrelated to the intensity of dietary intervention, nutritional counseling can be helpful for preventing weight gain in these patients during treatment and at the follow‐up. Disclosure of Interest: None declared
Long-chain monounsaturated fatty acids improve endothelial function with altering microbial flora$$$ Fish oil‐derived long‐chain monounsaturated fatty acids (LCMUFAs) with a carbon chain length longer than 18 units ameliorate cardiovascular risk in mice. In this study, we investigated whether LCMUFAs could improve endothelial functions in mice and humans. In a double‐blind, randomized, placebo‐controlled, parallel‐group, multi‐center study, healthy subjects were randomly assigned to either an LCMUFA oil (saury oil) or a control oil (olive and tuna oils) group. Sixty subjects were enrolled and administrated each oil for 4 weeks. For the animal study, ApoE‐/‐ mice were fed a Western diet supplemented with 3% of either gadoleic acid (C20:1) or cetoleic acid (C22:1) for 12 weeks. Participants from the LCMUFA group showed improvements in endothelial function and a lower trimethylamine‐N‐oxide level, which is a predictor of coronary artery disease. C20:1 and C22:1 oils significantly improved atherosclerotic lesions and plasma levels of several inflammatory cytokines, including IL‐6 and TNF‐α. These beneficial effects were consistent with an improvement in the gut microbiota environment, as evident from the decreased ratio of Firmicutes and/ or Bacteroidetes, increase in the abundance of Akkermansia, and upregulation of short‐chain fatty acid (SCFA)‐induced glucagon‐like peptide‐1 (GLP‐1) expression and serum GLP‐1 level. These data suggest that LCMUFAs alter the microbiota environment that stimulate the production of SCFAs, resulting in the induction of GLP‐1 secretion. Fish oil‐derived long‐chain monounsaturated fatty acids might thus help to protect against cardiovascular disease.
Automatic treatment planning for left sided breast cancer with lymph nodes$$$ Purpose or Objective Conventional treatment of the breast is tangential forward planed beams including segments and wedges. However, the coverage of the internal mammary lymph nodes (IMN) can be hard to achieve for some patients. Helical techniques such as Thomotherapy and VMAT can used to increase the conformity but may introduce a low dose bath in the surrounding normal tissue. In the present study, we evaluate VMAT in a butterfly field configuration using Pinnacle Autoplan module in comparison with clinical plans with tangential radiotherapy. Material and Methods Twenty left‐sided breast cancer patients, ten with mastectomy and ten with lumpectomy, were selected randomly from all breast cancer patients receiving radiotherapy from 2017 to 2018 at our institution. Patients were prescribed 50 Gy to the CTV. All patients were treated with forward planned tangential and supraclavicular step‐and‐shoot 6 MV fields and with combined 18 MV fields used for larger breasts. 17 of the patients were treated in deep inspiration breath‐hold. For each patient an additional plan was generated, using two 6 MV VMAT fields in a butterfly configuration (each arc spanning 40‐70 degrees). A skin flash of 1cm was used to ensure robustness. Dose planning was done in pinnacle 16.0 in the Auto‐Planning module. Mean doses to organs at risk, the relative volume receiving 90% of the prescribed dose (V90%) for supraclavicular and IMN region and V95% for breast were compared using paired t‐tests. Results Mean doses to the organs at risk and the V90% and V95% to the target areas are shown in the table. The mean dose to Ipsilat lung, contralat lung and contralat breast was statistically significant higher with the automated plans, whereas the heart dose remained similar dose. The automated plans showed statistically significant higher coverage of the all the target volumes. Conclusion The left‐sided breast radiotherapy with VMAT plans in Pinnacle with Autoplan allowed plans with good coverage to the target regions. Compared to the manual plans the VMAT plans had statistically significant better coverage to the target regions without introducing significantly higher dose to the heart but with a small significant increased dose to the ipsilat lung dose and contralateral ‐ lung and breast. But all OAR doses were clinically acceptable and meet the dose constraints suggested by DBCG (www.DBCG.dk).
Effect of moderate to very low fat defined formula diets on serum lipids in healthy subjects$$$ Serum total cholesterol, high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, and triglyceride levels were studied in healthy male and female subjects consuming for one‐week periods a diet of conventional food (CF) providing 42% of energy as fat, principally butter fat, and then in random order nutritionally complete, defined formula diets of moderate (32%) to very low (1%) fat content. Compared to CF, the formula with 32% of energy as corn oil lowered serum cholesterol by 25% and the ratio of total to HDL‐cholesterol by 13%. Low (9%) and very low (1‐3%) fat formulas reduced HDL‐cholesterol by as much as 40%, raised the total:HDL‐cholesterol ratio by about 20% and raised serum triglyceride levels by as much as 100%. When low and very low fat formulas were ingested for three weeks, these effects persisted although maximal responses occurred during the first week. These results demonstrated that a moderate fat formula diet with a high P/S ratio had a more favorable effect on serum lipid levels than various low fat formulas. Low fat conventional food diets should be studied in long‐term controlled metabolic experiments before such diets are recommended to the general population for coronary heart disease or cancer prevention.
Evaluation of the optimal positioning of subcutaneous butterfly when administering injectable opioids in cancer patients$$$ Background and aims. The increasing number of cancer patients, together with the development of new palliative care services in Romania, warrants the evaluation of nursing strategies meant to improve the level of comfort of patients who are suffering from advanced cancer. The main objective of the study was to evaluate the optimal positioning of the subcutaneous (sc) butterfly, in accordance with its resistance in the insertion tissue, the local complications that may occur, and the evaluation of the time of resistance at the insertion site (puncture) with the daily frequency of injectable opioid administration. Methods. A prospective experimental pilot study was designed and conducted between January and May 2011. Patients admitted to the Hospice Casa Sperantei (Brasov, Romania) with moderate or severe cancer pain, who were receiving subcutaneously opioids, over the age of 18, with normal body index ranging from 18.5 ‐ 22.0, were assigned randomly to one of two groups, after signing the informed consent. In group one, the butterfly was positioned with the needle bevel up ‐ this was considered to be the control group as this modality of inserting the needle is considered standard practice$$$ in group two the butterfly was positioned with the needle bevel down ‐ experimental group. The drugs used for pain relief were sc tramadol for moderate pain and sc morphine for severe pain. Results. Our research supported the hypothesis that the occurrence of local complications coincides with the decrease of sc butterfly resistance in time at the place of insertion, and the sc butterfly has a higher rate of resistance in time at the insertion site if the frequency of injectable opioids administration is lower (twice per day). Conclusion. The positioning of the butterflies with the bevel down (experimental group) is associated with a longer resistance in time at the site of insertion, and causes fewer local complications compared to the sc butterflies positioned with the bevel up (control group).
Indices of fatty acid desaturase activity in healthy human subjects: effects of different types of dietary fat$$$ Δ9‐Desaturase (stearoyl‐CoA desaturase 1, SCD‐1) regulates the desaturation of SFA, mainly stearic and palmitic, to MUFA. Δ6‐Desaturase (D6D) and Δ5‐desaturase (D5D) are involved in the metabolism of linoleic and α‐linolenic acid to polyunsaturated metabolites. The objective of the present study was to study the effects of different types of dietary fat on indices of fatty acid desaturase (FADS) activity (evaluated as product:precursor ratios) in plasma and skeletal muscle in human subjects. A high SCD‐1 index has been related to obesity and metabolic disorders, while the D5D index is associated with insulin sensitivity. Fatty acid composition of serum and skeletal muscle lipids was analysed by GLC during a randomised, controlled, 3‐month dietary intervention in healthy subjects. A comparison of the effects of a diet containing butter fat (SFA, n 17) with a diet containing monounsaturated fat (MUFA, n 17), keeping all other dietary components constant, showed a reduced SCD‐1 activity index by 20% on the MUFA diet compared with the SFA diet assessed in serum cholesteryl esters. The D6D and D5D indices remained unaffected. Supplementation with long‐chain n‐3 fatty acids reduced the SCD‐1 index by a similar magnitude while the D6D index decreased and the D5D index increased. It is concluded that changes in the type of fat in the diet affect the indices of FADS activity in serum and skeletal muscle in human subjects. The desaturase activity indices estimated from the serum lipid ester composition are significantly related to corresponding indices studied in skeletal muscle phospholipids.
An extract of black, green, and mulberry teas causes malabsorption of carbohydrate but not of triacylglycerol in healthy volunteers$$$ BACKGROUND: In vitro studies suggest that extracts of black, green, and mulberry teas could interfere with carbohydrate and triacylglycerol absorption via their ability to inhibit alpha‐amylase, alpha‐glucosidase, sodium‐glucose transporters, and pancreatic lipase. OBJECTIVE: We measured breath hydrogen and 13CO2 to investigate the ability of an extract of black, green, and mulberry tea leaves to induce malabsorption of carbohydrate and triacylglycerol in healthy volunteers. DESIGN: In a crossover design, healthy adult volunteers randomly ingested test meals with a placebo beverage or a preparation containing an extract of black (0.1 g), green (0.1 g), and mulberry (1.0 g) teas. One test meal contained 50 g carbohydrate as white rice, 10 g butter, and 0.2 g [13C]triolein, and the beverages contained 10 g sucrose. The calorie content of the second test meal consisted entirely of lipid (30 g olive oil and 0.2 g [13C]triolein). Breath‐hydrogen and 13CO2 concentrations were assessed hourly for 8 h, and symptoms were rated on a linear scale. RESULTS: With the carbohydrate‐containing meal, the tea extract resulted in a highly significant increase in breath‐hydrogen concentrations, which indicated appreciable carbohydrate malabsorption. A comparison of hydrogen excretion after the carbohydrate‐containing meal with that after the nonabsorbable disaccharide lactulose suggested that the tea extract induced malabsorption of 25% of the carbohydrate. The tea extract did not cause triacylglycerol malabsorption or any significant increase in symptoms. CONCLUSION: This study provides the basis for additional experiments to determine whether the tea extract has clinical utility for the treatment of obesity or diabetes.
Acute partial sleep deprivation increases food intake in healthy men$$$ BACKGROUND: Acute partial sleep deprivation increases plasma concentrations of ghrelin and decreases those of leptin. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to observe modifications in energy intake and physical activity after acute partial sleep deprivation in healthy men. DESIGN: Twelve men [age: 22 +/‐ 3 y$$$ body mass index (in kg/m(2)): 22.30 +/‐ 1.83] completed a randomized 2‐condition crossover study. During the first night of each 48‐h session, subjects had either approximately 8 h (from midnight to 0800) or approximately 4 h (from 0200 to 0600) of sleep. All foods consumed subsequently (jam on buttered toast for breakfast, buffet for lunch, and a free menu for dinner) were eaten ad libitum. Physical activity was recorded by an actimeter. Feelings of hunger, perceived pleasantness of the foods, desire to eat some foods, and sensation of sleepiness were also evaluated. RESULTS: In comparison with the 8‐h sleep session, subjects consumed 559 +/‐ 617 kcal (ie, 22%) more energy on the day after sleep restriction (P < 0.01), and preprandial hunger was higher before breakfast (P < 0.001) and dinner (P < 0.05). No change in the perceived pleasantness of the foods or in the desire to eat the foods was observed. Physical activity from 1215 to 2015 was higher after sleep restriction than after 8 h of sleep (P < 0.01), even though the sensation of sleepiness was more marked (P < 0.01). CONCLUSIONS: One night of reduced sleep subsequently increased food intake and, to a lesser extent, estimated physical activity‐related energy expenditure in healthy men. These experimental results, if confirmed by long‐term energy balance measurements, suggest that sleep restriction could be a factor that promotes obesity. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00986492.
Investigation  of  dose-dependent  effects  of  fat  on  blood glucose,  serum  insulin,  and  appetite  sensation$$$ Humans have a high preference for fat, and its excessive intake leads to obesity. This study aimed to investigate the effects of dose‐dependent fat intake on biological responses and postprandial appetite sensation in healthy adult subjects. Age and body mass index were 29 ± 1 years and 21.1 ± 0.4 kg/m2, respectively. We conducted a randomized, crossover trial and measured laboratory data and appetite sensation via the visual analog scale. Each participant was provided with four different test meals. They consisted of common, basic foods and contained 75 g liquid glucose and 4 slices of crackers to which 0 g butter (control), 10 g butter (B10), 20 g butter (B20), and 40 g butter (B40) were added, respectively. The results indicated that single ingestion of butter did not influence laboratory values of glucose, insulin, glucose‐dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP), total bile acids, or high‐sensitivity CRP (hs‐CRP). Regarding postprandial appetite sensation, appetite ratings for fullness were the highest after the B40 meal (p < 0.05)$$$however, satisfaction ratings were not significantly different after the ingestion of this meal. Ratings were significantly different after the B20 meal. In conclusion, healthy adult subjects experienced fullness and satisfaction after ingesting 20‐40 g of butter. J. Med. Invest. 65:203‐207, August, 2018.
Proximity of foods in a competitive food environment influences consumption of a low calorie and a high calorie food$$$ The objective of this study was to test if proximity of a food or preference for a food influences food intake in a competitive food environment in which one low calorie/low fat (apple slices) and one higher calorie/higher fat (buttered popcorn) food was available in the same environment. The proximity of popcorn and apple slices was manipulated and 56 participants were randomly assigned to groups. In Group Apples Near, apple slices were placed near (within arms reach) a participant and popcorn was placed far (2m away). In Group Popcorn Near, buttered popcorn was placed near and apple slices were placed far. As a control for the absence of a proximity manipulation, Group Both Near had both test foods placed near. Although participants rated the popcorn as more liked than apples, the food that was placed closer to the participant was consumed most in the two experimental groups, regardless of preference (R(2)=0.38). Total energy intake was reduced most when popcorn was placed far from a participant compared to when it was placed near (R(2)=0.24). The effects reported here were not moderated by BMI and did not vary by sex. In all, the results support the hypothesis that making a low calorie food more proximate will reduce total energy intake and increase intake of a low calorie food, even when a higher calorie and more preferred food is also available, but less proximate.
Proximity of foods in a competitive food environment influences consumption of a low calorie and a high calorie food$$$ The objective of this study was to test if proximity of a food or preference for a food influences food intake in a competitive food environment in which one low calorie/low fat (apple slices) and one higher calorie/higher fat (buttered popcorn) food was available in the same environment. The proximity of popcorn and apple slices was manipulated and 56 participants were randomly assigned to groups. In Group Apples Near, apple slices were placed near (within arms reach) a participant and popcorn was placed far (2m away). In Group Popcorn Near, buttered popcorn was placed near and apple slices were placed far. As a control for the absence of a proximity manipulation, Group Both Near had both test foods placed near. Although participants rated the popcorn as more liked than apples, the food that was placed closer to the participant was consumed most in the two experimental groups, regardless of preference (R(2)=0.38). Total energy intake was reduced most when popcorn was placed far from a participant compared to when it was placed near (R(2)=0.24). The effects reported here were not moderated by BMI and did not vary by sex. In all, the results support the hypothesis that making a low calorie food more proximate will reduce total energy intake and increase intake of a low calorie food, even when a higher calorie and more preferred food is also available, but less proximate.
Investigation  of  dose-dependent  effects  of  fat  on  blood glucose,  serum  insulin,  and  appetite  sensation$$$ Humans have a high preference for fat, and its excessive intake leads to obesity. This study aimed to investigate the effects of dose‐dependent fat intake on biological responses and postprandial appetite sensation in healthy adult subjects. Age and body mass index were 29 ± 1 years and 21.1 ± 0.4 kg/m2, respectively. We conducted a randomized, crossover trial and measured laboratory data and appetite sensation via the visual analog scale. Each participant was provided with four different test meals. They consisted of common, basic foods and contained 75 g liquid glucose and 4 slices of crackers to which 0 g butter (control), 10 g butter (B10), 20 g butter (B20), and 40 g butter (B40) were added, respectively. The results indicated that single ingestion of butter did not influence laboratory values of glucose, insulin, glucose‐dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP), total bile acids, or high‐sensitivity CRP (hs‐CRP). Regarding postprandial appetite sensation, appetite ratings for fullness were the highest after the B40 meal (p < 0.05)$$$however, satisfaction ratings were not significantly different after the ingestion of this meal. Ratings were significantly different after the B20 meal. In conclusion, healthy adult subjects experienced fullness and satisfaction after ingesting 20‐40 g of butter. J. Med. Invest. 65:203‐207, August, 2018.
Effects of walnuts on serum lipid levels and blood pressure in normal men$$$ BACKGROUND: In a recent six‐year follow‐up study, we found that frequent consumption of nuts was associated with a reduced risk of ischemic heart disease. To explore possible explanations for this finding, we studied the effects of nut consumption on serum lipids and blood pressure. METHODS: We randomly placed 18 healthy men on two mixed natural diets, each diet to be followed for four weeks. Both diets conformed to the National Cholesterol Education Program Step 1 diet and contained identical foods and macronutrients, except that 20 percent of the calories of one diet (the walnut diet) were derived from walnuts (offset by lesser amounts of fatty foods, meat, and visible fat [oils, margarine, and butter]). RESULTS: With the reference diet, the mean (+/‐ SD) serum values for total, low‐density lipoprotein (LDL), and high‐density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol were, respectively, 182 +/‐ 23, 112 +/‐ 16, and 47 +/‐ 11 mg per deciliter (4.71 +/‐ 0.59, 2.90 +/‐ 0.41, and 1.22 +/‐ 0.28 mmol per liter). With the walnut diet, the mean total cholesterol level was 22.4 mg per deciliter (0.58 mmol per liter) lower than the mean level with the reference diet (95 percent confidence interval, 28 to 17 mg per deciliter [0.72 to 0.44 mmol per liter])$$$ the LDL and HDL cholesterol levels were, respectively, 18.2 mg per deciliter (0.47 mmol per liter) (P < 0.001) and 2.3 mg per deciliter (0.06 mmol per liter) (P = 0.01) lower. These lower values represented reductions of 12.4, 16.3, and 4.9 percent in the levels of total, LDL, and HDL cholesterol, respectively. The ratio of LDL cholesterol to HDL cholesterol was also lowered (P < 0.001) by the walnut diet. Mean blood‐pressure values did not change during either dietary period. CONCLUSIONS: Incorporating moderate quantities of walnuts into the recommended cholesterol‐lowering diet while maintaining the intake of total dietary fat and calories decreases serum levels of total cholesterol and favorably modifies the lipoprotein profile in normal men. The long‐term effects of walnut consumption and the extension of this finding to other population groups deserve further study.
Impact of margarine enriched with plant sterols on blood lipids, platelet function, and fibrinogen level in young men$$$ The effects of margarines enriched with omega‐6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), as well as those containing plant sterols or stanols, on reduction of plasma low‐density lipoprotein‐cholesterol (LDL‐C) have been extensively studied. However, their impact on fibrinogen (Fb) concentration and blood platelet function is much less known. Our research involved 42 healthy male students (average age, 23.7 +/‐ 1.6) who during the research period were subjected to a controlled regime of nutrition and physical activity. After a period of diet stabilization involving 30 g butter daily in 2 servings, the subjects were randomly divided into 2 groups. In the first group, the butter was replaced by the same quantity of PUFA margarine, while the second group received margarine with added plant sterols instead of butter. The subjects consuming margarine with sterols showed a significant (11%) decrease in LDL‐C (P<.001). Margarine rich in PUFA caused a 6% reduction in LDL‐C (P<.01), with a simultaneous 3% reduction in high‐density lipoprotein‐cholesterol (HDL‐C) (P<.001). Both types of margarine increased the concentration of Fb (P<.001), without exceeding the normal medium value of 2.8 g/L. After the consumption of margarine with sterols, the adhesion and aggregation time of blood platelets was significantly prolonged after collagen‐epinephrine activation. Margarine with sterols, through its antiplatelet activity and the significant reduction of LDL‐C, can play a vital role in the nonpharmacologic prevention of circulatory diseases.
Postprandial effects of an oleic acid-rich oil compared with butter on clotting factor VII and fibrinolysis in healthy men$$$ BACKGROUND: Factor VII coagulant activity (FVII:c) is associated with an increased risk of fatal ischemic heart disease, is correlated with plasma triacylglycerol concentration, and increases after a meal rich in long‐chain fatty acids. OBJECTIVE: We planned to compare effects of meals rich in oleate and butter fat with those of a low‐fat meal on FVII:c and fibrinolytic activity. DESIGN: A crossover design was used to compare the postprandial effects on coagulant and fibrinolytic activities in 12 men of 3 high‐fat (95 g) meals‐‐high oleate, butter, and oleate + medium‐chain triacylglycerols (oleate+MCT)‐‐with an isoenergetic low‐fat meal (18 g MCT). The oleate+MCT blend was used to mimic the ratio of long‐chain to shorter‐chain fatty acids in butter. RESULTS: Neither the amount nor type of fat consumed influenced plasminogen activator inhibitor 1 or t‐plasminogen activator activities or D‐dimer concentration. FVII:c increased by 12.5% (95% CI: 4.6%, 20.5%) after the high‐fat meals at 3 h and by 6.7% (95% CI: 1.6%, 11.7%) at 7 h and changed 7 h after the low‐fat meal by ‐14.3% (95% CI: ‐3.3%, ‐25.4%). The responses to the high‐fat meals did not differ. Measurements of activated FVII (FVIIa), FVII zymogen, and activated FXII (FXIIa) concentrations made after the low‐fat and high‐oleate meals showed a significant increase in FVIIa only after the high‐oleate meal. CONCLUSIONS: The results of this study confirm that FVII:c falls after a low‐fat meal and suggests that postprandial activation of FVII occurs rapidly after a fat‐rich meal without involving an increase in FXIIa.
Ceruletide decreases food intake in non-obese man$$$ Cholecystokinin decreases food intake in animals and in man. This study investigated whether the structurally related ceruletide reduces food intake in healthy non‐obese man. Twelve females and 12 males participated, after an over‐night fast, in each of two experiments. During the basal 40 min, saline was infused IV. Thereafter, the infusion was, in random double blind fashion, either continued with saline or switched to 60 or 120 ng/kg b. wt/hr ceruletide. Butter was melted in a pan and scrambled eggs with ham were prepared in front of the subjects, who were instructed to eat, together with bread and mallow tea, as much as they wanted. With 120 ng/kg/hr ceruletide, the subjects ate significantly less (16.8 percent) than with saline (3725 kJ +/‐ 489 SEM and 4340 kJ +/‐ 536, respectively$$$ p less than 0.025). They also reported less hunger (p less than 0.005) and activation (p less than 0.005) and activation (p less than 0.01), and had longer reaction times (p less than 0.01) and a weaker psychomotor performance (p less than 0.025). 60 ng/kg/hr ceruletide decreased food intake only slightly (6.6%$$$ 3089 kJ +/‐ 253 and 3292 kJ +/‐ 300 respectively) and no significant changes in the above measures occurred. In conclusion, ceruletide reduces food intake in man, thus resembling the effects of cholecystokinin.
Effects of butter high in ruminant trans and monounsaturated fatty acids on lipoproteins, incorporation of fatty acids into lipid classes, plasma C-reactive protein, oxidative stress, hemostatic variables, and insulin in healthy young men$$$ BACKGROUND: Evidence suggests that ruminant trans fatty acids (FAs), such as vaccenic acid, do not increase the risk of ischemic heart disease (IHD). However, the effects of ruminant trans FAs on risk markers of IHD have been poorly investigated. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to investigate the effect of butter with a naturally high content of vaccenic acid and a concomitantly higher content of monounsaturated FAs on classic and novel risk markers of IHD. DESIGN: In a double‐blind, randomized, 5‐wk, parallel intervention study, 42 healthy young men were given 115 g fat/d from test butter that was high in vaccenic acid (3.6 g vaccenic acid/d) or a control butter with a low content of vaccenic acid. Blood and urine samples were collected before and after the intervention. RESULTS: The intake of the vaccenic acid‐rich diet resulted in 6% and 9% lower total cholesterol and plasma HDL‐cholesterol concentrations, respectively, than did the intake of the control diet (P = 0.05 and 0.002, respectively), whereas the ratio of total to HDL cholesterol did not differ significantly between the groups. The FA composition of lipid classes reflected the FAs' proportion of the test butter. No other differences were observed. CONCLUSIONS: Butter high in ruminant trans and monounsaturated FAs resulted in significantly lower total and HDL cholesterol than did the control butter with higher amounts of saturated FAs. It may be that the differences were due to the greater content of monounsaturated FAs and the lesser content of saturated FAs in the butter rich in ruminant trans FAs, rather than to the content of vaccenic acid per se.
Effects of the blood occlusion technique performed before sports performance tests and strength assessment on the lower limbs of college soccer players: experimental, controlled and randomized research$$$ INTERVENTION: Demographic and anthropometric characteristics Through a standardized form, the total body mass, height, thigh circumference, BMI, total occlusion pressure (TOP), age, educational level, comorbidities, dominant limb, position in the field, life habits, medications will be recorded. The thigh circumference will be on the non‐dominant limb, measured by means of a standard measuring tape at the average distance between the greater trochanter and the lateral epicondyle of the femur (KARABULUT et al., 2011). Individualized determination of total occlusion pressure The total occlusion pressure (TOP) of the posterior tibial artery will be determined at rest using Doppler ultrasound (DV 6010B Medmega, Franca ‐ SP), for around 10 min. Before determining the TOP, the subjects will be relaxed in the supine position for ten minutes. In the assessment, the subject will be in dorsal decubitus and during the determination of TOP that will occur on the non‐dominant limb, the Power Doppler technique will be used and the transducer will be positioned on the ankle at a medium distance between the medial malleolus and the calcaneus tendon. The pressure cuff will be positioned around the subinguinal region at the top of the thigh and inflated based on a previous protocol. Auditory and visual signals will indicate the presence of an arterial pulse. (BEZERRA DE MORAIS et al., 2016) Functional performance For the assessment of the functional performance that will be performed on the non‐dominant limb, the tests will be used: the Side Hop Test and the shuttle run test. They will be evaluated on the second day, 45 min after the IPC and 24 hours later. The Side Hop Test is used to assess strength and confidence in the lower limbs, in which the individual will remain standin Muscle Strength Dynamometer Muscle, Skeletal Other Physical Functional Performance Therapeutic Occlusion CONDITION: Muscle Strength Dynamometer physical functional perfomance$$$ Muscle Strength Dynamometer$$$ youn adult $$$ Young Adult $$$ Physical Functional Performance $$$ Muscle Strength Dynamometer Physical Functional Performance Young Adult SECONDARY OUTCOME: Feeling scale during interventions $$$ It will be evaluated through the Feeling Scale which consists of 11 points, ranging from ‐5 (very bad) to +5 (very good) and will be used to assess whether it was pleasant or unpleasant to apply the IPC in the thigh region. The scale will be applied immediately after the IPC or IPC placebo protocol. (CERQUEIRA, VIEIRA, 2019) $$$ Neuromuscular performance $$$ Maximum voluntary isometric contraction (MVIC) $$$ $$$ Isokinetic performance $$$ Individuals will undergo an assessment of strength, power and localized muscle fatigue using an isokinetic dynamometer (Biodex Multi‐Joint System 3, Biodex Biomecal System Inc, New York, USA). $$$ Perceived Exertion $$$ It will be evaluated using the modified 10‐point Borg scale on the second, third and fourth day immediately after the performance of the neuromuscular performance. After completing the task, it will be explained to the volunteer that it is a scale of 0‐10, where 0 means “no effort” and 10 means “maximum effort” that will prevent you from continuing to exercise. (LOENNEKE et al., 2015) Rate of Force development $$$ $$$ PRIMARY OUTCOME: Functional performance$$$ For the assessment of the functional performance that will be performed on the non‐dominant limb, the tests will be used: the Side Hop Test and the shuttle run test. They will be evaluated on the second day, 45 min after the IPC and 24 hours later.$$$ The Side Hop Test is used to assess strength and confidence in the lower limbs, in which the individual will remain standing on the non‐dominant limb. At your side, there will be two parallel lines with a distance of 30 cm between them and the volunteer will have to perform 10 jumps with the non‐dominant limb in the shortest possible time, jumping across between one line and the other. The volunteers will be instructed to jump as quickly as possible and two attempts will be made, and the one with the shortest time will be recorded. Attempts will not be accepted in which the volunteer lands within the space of 30 cm between the lines and the attempts will be repeated until he completes two valid attempts. Familiarization will take place on the second day so that the individual can get to know the test. (ITOH et al, 1998)$$$ Shuttle run test, to assess athletes' agility. A manual stopwatch will be used to measure time. The assessment was performed on a flat surface, with feet properly shod. The path was marked by two cones 10 m apart, where the individuals made the turn (180º turn), in the cone without touching it, and returned to the exit point, completing 20 meters, in the shortest possible time. Two attempts wil be made, with a two‐minute rest interval between each repetition, with the best result being recorded. (STEPHENS et al., 2006)$$$ $$$ $$$ $$$ The volunteers will be positioned with the non‐dominant lower limb on the isokinetic dynamometer (Biodex Multi‐Joint System 3, Biodex Biomedical System Inc®, New York, USA) according to the manufacturer's recommendations for knee flexion and extension movements. Three MVICs will be performed with the knee flexed at 60º (0º = total knee extension). The volunteers will be previously and carefully instructed to contract as quickly and as strongly as possible after the verbal command "go", maintaining the contraction for 3 seconds and relax after the verbal command "stop". There will be an interval of one minute between each contraction to minimize possible fatigue effects. (BARONI et al., 2010$$$ SCHETTINO et al., 2014) The MVIC will be evaluated on the second day, 45 min after the ischemic preconditioning and 24 hours later. $$$ The rate of force development (RFD) will be extracted from the highest peak torque incorporated in the MVIC. RFD derives from the analysis of the force curve recorded during an explosive voluntary contraction and can provide important physiological information such as the role of neural factors (analysis of the first 50ms) and muscle factors (analysis between 100ms and 200ms) in the strength production and neuromuscular fatigue (AAGAARD et al., 2002$$$ MAFFIULETTI et al., 2016). INCLUSION CRITERIA: The study will be attended by men, university football players from the city of Natal / RN aged between 18 and 35 years old who regularly train and play football at least 3 times a week. The following will not be included: subjects with body mass index (BMI) less than 18.5 kg / m‐2 and greater than 30 kg / m‐2$$$ with musculoskeletal injury in the lower limbs in a period of three months before the tests$$$ with lower limb surgery within six months of testing$$$ with uncontrolled metabolic diseases$$$ with inflammatory rheumatological condition or severe cardiovascular and / or pulmonary disease that prevents them from carrying out the proposed evaluation and tests. $$$ The subjects will be positioned on the dynamometer chair, following the recommendations of the standardization manual provided by the equipment manufacturer with the rotation axis of the dynamometer aligned with the lateral epicondyle of the femur on the non‐dominant limb. Once positioned, they will perform a familiarization session for the concentric flexion and extension movements on the dynamometer at the same speeds used in the tests. Two tests were performed on the non‐dominant limb, one at an angular speed of 60º / s (one series of five repetitions) to analyze the variables “Peak Torque (PT) and Total Work (TT)��� and power, already at the angular speed of 240 ° / s (one set of 30 repetitions) to analyze the “Fatigue Index” (FI) knee flexors and extensorsvariable. During maximum contractions, players will receive visual (from the computer monitor) and verbal incentives from the evaluators to make the contractions with the greatest strength and speed they can. (ALEXANDRE et al., 2009). Isokinetic performance will be assessed on the second day, 45 min after IPC and 24 hours later $$$ To analyze a RFD the extracted curves from the MVIC filtrates with a low pass of 15 Hz (Butterworth, 4th order). In order to identify the peak torque in the curves, the beginning of the muscular action will be visually identified and soon afterwards the curve will be cut at a time defined from 1 second before to 1 second after the beginning of the contraction. The cutouts of the curves covered by the mathematical algorithm capable of identifying the beginning of the contraction (point in the timeline when the torque exceeded by 2.5% of the difference between the baseline value and the peak torque value). Peak torque will also be identified in the 0 to 30ms, 0 to 50ms, 0 to 100ms and 0 to 200ms intervals. (AAGAARD et al., 2002$$$ SCHETTINO et al., 2014$$$ CERQUEIRA and VIEIRA, 2019). The above analyzes will be performed with the MATLAB 7.6.0 R2008a software (MathWorks, Natick, MA).
Effects of Palm Stearin versus Butter in the Context of Low-Carbohydrate/High-Fat and High-Carbohydrate/Low-Fat Diets on Circulating Lipids in a Controlled Feeding Study in Healthy Humans$$$ Background. Foods rich in saturated fatty acids (SFAs) have been discouraged by virtue of their cholesterol‐raising potential, but this effect is modulated by the food source and background level of carbohydrate. Objective. We aimed to compare the consumption of palm stearin (PS) versus butter on circulating cholesterol responses in the setting of both a low‐carbohydrate/high‐fat (LC/HF) and high‐carbohydrate/low‐fat (HC/LF) diet in healthy subjects. We also explored effects on plasma lipoprotein particle distribution and fatty acid composition. Methods. We performed a randomized, controlled‐feeding, cross‐over study that compared a PS‐versus a Butter‐based diet in a group of normocholesterolemic, non‐obese adults. A controlled canola oil‐based ‘Run‐In’ diet preceded the experimental PS and Butter diets. All diets were eucaloric, provided for 3‐weeks, and had the same macronutrient distribution but varied in primary fat source (40% of the total fat). The same Run‐In and cross‐over experiments were done in two separate groups who self‐selected to either a LC/HF (n = 12) or a HC/LF (n = 12) diet track. The primary outcomes were low‐density lipoprotein‐cholesterol (LDL‐C), high‐density lipoprotein (HDL)‐C, triglycerides, and LDL particle distribution. Results. Compared to PS, Butter resulted in higher LDL‐C in both the LC/HF (13.4%, p = 0.003) and HC/LF (10.8%, p = 0.002) groups, which was primarily attributed to large LDL I and LDL IIa particles. There were no differences between PS and Butter in HDL‐C, triglycerides, or small LDL particles. Oxidized LDL was lower after PS than Butter in LC/HF (p = 0.011), but not the HC/LF group. Conclusions. These results demonstrate that Butter raises LDL‐C relative to PS in healthy normocholesterolemic adults regardless of background variations in carbohydrate and fat, an effect primarily attributed to larger cholesterol‐rich LDL particles.
Effects on blood pressure of a low-sodium, high-potassium salt substitute among Tibetan Chinese: a randomized controlled trial$$$ Introduction: Previous studies among Northern Chinese predominantly of the Han ethnic group showed that replacing normal salt with a low‐sodium, high‐potassium salt substitute could substantially reduce blood pressure levels. Tibetans have comparatively higher prevalence of hypertension than other ethnic groups in China and their daily consumption of salty Tibetan butter tea is thought to be a leading cause. This study was the first of its kind to evaluate the effects of salt substitute on blood pressure among Tibetan highlanders. Methods: The study was a single‐blind randomized controlled trial conducted between February and May 2009 in three villages in Yangbajing Township of Dangxiong County, an area at 4300 meters altitude in Tibet. A total of 283 residents with known hypertension (systolic blood pressure>140 mmHg and/or diastolic blood pressure>=90 mmHg) were recruited and randomly assigned to intervention or control with stratification by gender and baseline blood pressure. The intervention group received 3‐month's supply of salt substitute (68% sodium chloride, 22% potassium chloride and 10% magnesium sulfate heptahydrate) and the control group 3‐month's supply of regular salt (100% sodium chloride). Blood pressure levels were measured at baseline and followed up by trained observers using an automated sphygmomanometer. Results: The mean age of the 283 participants was 62+/‐12 years, 58% were females and baseline blood pressure was 171/104 mm Hg. Baseline characteristics were balanced across intervention (n = 143) and control (n=140) groups. On average, individual consumption of study salt substitute/regular salt during the 3‐month study period was not different between intervention (20 grams/day) and control (21 grams/day) groups (p=0.29). After the 3‐month intervention, the reduction in systolic blood pressure from baseline levels was significantly larger in the intervention group (‐10.5 mmHg) compared to that of the control group (‐1.9 mmHg, net difference of ‐8.6 mmHg, 95% confidence interval: ‐3.1 to ‐14.1 p=0.002) as was diastolic blood pressure (net difference ‐3.1 mmHg, 95% confidence interval: ‐0.4 to ‐6.1$$$ p=0.03), after adjusting for baseline measurements of blood pressure. Conclusion: As shown in other studies among Northern Chinese, a low‐sodium and high‐potassium salt substitute is effective in lowering blood pressure levels in Tibetan Chinese highlanders. This intervention strategy offers a simple, low‐cost lifestyle approach for blood pressure reduction in this region that could serve as a useful adjunct to standard clinical approaches. World Congress of Cardiology Scientific Sessions 2010$$$ 2010 Jun 16‐19$$$ Beijing, China
Effects on blood pressure of a low-sodium, high-potassium salt substitute among Tibetan Chinese: a randomized controlled trial$$$ Introduction: Previous studies among Northern Chinese predominantly of the Han ethnic group showed that replacing normal salt with a low‐sodium, high‐potassium salt substitute could substantially reduce blood pressure levels. Tibetans have comparatively higher prevalence of hypertension than other ethnic groups in China and their daily consumption of salty Tibetan butter tea is thought to be a leading cause. This study was the first of its kind to evaluate the effects of salt substitute on blood pressure among Tibetan highlanders. Methods: The study was a single‐blind randomized controlled trial conducted between February and May 2009 in three villages in Yangbajing Township of Dangxiong County, an area at 4300 meters altitude in Tibet. A total of 283 residents with known hypertension (systolic blood pressure>140 mmHg and/or diastolic blood pressure≥90 mmHg) were recruited and randomly assigned to intervention or control with stratification by gender and baseline blood pressure. The intervention group received 3‐month's supply of salt substitute (68% sodium chloride, 22% potassium chloride and 10% magnesium sulfate heptahydrate) and the control group 3‐month's supply of regular salt (100% sodium chloride). Blood pressure levels were measured at baseline and followed up by trained observers using an automated sphygmomanometer. Results: The mean age of the 283 participants was 62±12 years, 58% were females and baseline blood pressure was 171/104 mm Hg. Baseline characteristics were balanced across intervention (n = 143) and control (n=140) groups. On average, individual consumption of study salt substitute/regular salt during the 3‐month study period was not different between intervention (20 grams/day) and control (21 grams/day) groups (p=0.29). After the 3‐month intervention, the reduction in systolic blood pressure from baseline levels was significantly larger in the intervention group (‐10.5 mmHg) compared to that of the control group (‐1.9 mmHg, net difference of ‐8.6 mmHg, 95% confidence interval: ‐3.1 to ‐14.1 p=0.002) as was diastolic blood pressure (net difference ‐3.1 mmHg, 95% confidence interval: ‐0.4 to ‐6.1$$$ p=0.03), after adjusting for baseline measurements of blood pressure. Conclusion: As shown in other studies among Northern Chinese, a low‐sodium and high‐potassium salt substitute is effective in lowering blood pressure levels in Tibetan Chinese highlanders. This intervention strategy offers a simple, low‐cost lifestyle approach for blood pressure reduction in this region that could serve as a useful adjunct to standard clinical approaches.
Naldebain for Control of Post-Cesarean Section Pain$$$ Inadequate postoperative pain management can lead to physical and psychological distress in patients as well as impact surgical wound healing and increase the risk of developing postoperative delirium and cardiopulmonary and thromboembolic events. Severe postoperative pain may also result in the development of chronic pain, which in turn can lead to prolonged use of opioids and increased health‐care costs. Although clinical pathways and strategies have been recently implemented, including the introduction of the enhanced recovery after surgery (ERAS) program and multimodal analgesia (MMA), rates of inadequate postoperative pain management remain as high as 40‐56.4% in the general surgical population and the prevalence rates of persistent pain after major operations can reach up to 50%. CPSP is associated with increased analgesic use, restriction of activities of daily living, significant effects on quality of life, and increased health‐care utilization. According to the WHO survey in 2004, cesarean section deliveries represent up to 8% of all surgical procedures. In Taiwan, about 35.9% of the newborns were delivered by cesarean section in 2016 to 2019, which equivalent to 68,000 cesarean sections were underwent annually. The incidence of CPSP after cesarean delivery has been reported to vary from 1% to 18% up to 1 year after operation. More specifically, an US nationwide survey reported that 79% of mothers who received cesarean section reported experiencing pain at the incision site in the first two months and 18% had persistent pain at least 6 months after operation. Following surgical incision of abdominal wall and visceral organs, the efferent sensory neurons initiate the cascade of neurochemical changes that activates and sensitizes the peripheral nociceptors and spinal dorsal horn neurons, leading to peripheral and central sensitization and a hyperalgesic state. With inadequate pain management after operation or prolonged healing process, the sustained activation of the pronociceptive system results in hyperalgesia and allodynia. Surgical insults and neuron axon damage may also activate regional inflammatory and immune reactions to release of neurotransmitters in the spinal cord to produce hypersensitivity and ectopic neural activity, and eventually contributing to the development of central sensitization and CPSP. At the beginning 3‐6 months, the incisional wound and abdomen are the most commonly reported location of persisted pain, and the unpleasant feeling shifts to the back or low back at 12 months postpartum and the chronic pain may significantly impact the quality of life, as one‐fifth of patients complain of moderate to very severe pain. A prospective observational study found that the presence of CPSP after cesarean section negatively impacted the daily activity, normal work, social relationship, psychosomatic status and postpartum depression of the mothers at 3‐6 months after delivery. A descriptive survey study in 60 postpartum women who received cesarean section suggested that the presence of postoperative pain significantly reduced the willingness of breastfeeding and infant care. Previous reports identified several important risk factors for developing CPSP after cesarean section, including previous cesarean delivery, preoperative depression or anxiety, lower society economic status, longer duration of surgery and use of general anesthesia. Most importantly, substantial evidence indicates that supports the general concept that higher severity of acute pain after cesarean section is associated with significantly higher risk for transition of acute pain to CPSP. Therefore, optimal but adequate pain management after cesarean section is important to improve postpartum care, accelerate recovery after surgery, enhance early mobilization and prevent the development of CPSP. Multimodal analgesia (MMA) is the core principle for pain management after cesarean delivery, including epidural analgesia, the use of long‐acting intrathecal opioids (i.e. morphine), and adjunct drugs (acetaminophen and nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs). Intrathecal morphine is considered as the gold standard single‐shot drug for post‐cesarean pain, providing adequate analgesic effect up to 14‐36h after operation. Placement of an epidural catheter can be used for epidural anesthesia during cesarean section and continuous epidural infusions of opioids or combined with local anesthetic after cesarean section can result in high‐quality analgesia effect for postpartum and postsurgical pain. Compared with intrathecal morphine (ITM) alone, levels of pain scores both at rest and during mobilization were significantly reduced in women who received patient controlled epidural analgesia (PCEA) during the second day after cesarean section. Incidence of postoperative nausea and vomiting was also significantly lower in the PCEA group. A more recent randomized control trial reported that combination of PCEA with ITM provided better post‐cesarean section analgesia compared to ITM alone. Although PCEA provides with patient‐controlled, better analgesic effect, particularly the management of breakthrough pain or pain during mobilization, PCEA carries certain clinical concerns that impede their widely use in pain management after cesarean section. Correct placement of epidural catheter for effective postoperative pain management is more technical demanding, and accidental dural puncture is associated with increased risk of postdural puncture headache (PDPH). The most common complication of PCEA is urinary retention, especially when high concentrations of local anesthetic are used. The overall incidence of epidural hematoma and epidural abscess were 1 case per 168,000 and 1 per 145,000 women, respectively. Most seriously, unintentional intrathecal injection of large doses of local anesthetic can result in high spinal blocks, leading to respiratory compromise, and unintentional intravenous injection of local anesthetics can cause severe systemic toxicity, including seizures and cardiac arrest. Therefore, the development of a safe, conveniently operated, and long‐lasting analgesic strategy, which serves as background pain control modality up to several days after cesarean section should provide clinically beneficial advantages in the management of acute postoperative pain and prevention of development of CPSP in postpartum women. Nalbuphine is a synthetic agonist‐antagonist opioid with analgesic properties acting on antagonism at the ?‐receptor and agonism at the ?‐receptor that was introduced for medical use in 1979. Nalbuphine has equal potency with morphine for pain relief, but it is associated with less nausea, pruritus, and respiratory depression than morphine due to its effect on ?‐receptor. Since it is also a weak ?‐receptor antagonist, nalbuphine reduces side effects particularly respiratory depression without loss of analgesia when combined with potent opioids. The other major clinical advantage of nalbuphine is less risk for abuse and death due to its ceiling effect of analgesia and respiratory suppression. Nalbuphine is one of the systemic administered opioids that can be safely used and effectively reduce the incisional pain and uterine cramping pain in women after cesarean section. Breast‐feeding is also permissible when nalbuphine is administered to the mother to treat postpartum pain, as very low oral bioavailability of nalbuphine and the relative infant dose is 0.59+/‐0.27% of the weight‐adjusted maternal daily dose. However, the clinical use of nalbuphine for post‐cesarean section pain control is limited by the relatively short duration of action of about 2‐6h following systemic injection. Naldebain® is prodrug of nalbuphine, which was approved by the Taiwan FDA in 2017. Naldebain® is an extended‐release dinalbuphine sebacate, and is rapidly hydrolyzed by tissue of plasma esterase to release nalbuphine. The bioavailability of nalbuphine following intramuscular injection Naldebain® was 85.4% with a mean absorption time up to 145 h, and it took approximately 6 days for the complete release of Naldebain® into the blood circulation. Therefore, a sing e parenteral injection of Naldebain® could theoretically provide long lasting analgesic effect. The first clinical trial testing the perioperative analgesic effect of Naldebain® was reported in patients who received hemorrhoidectomy at 6 medical centers in Taiwan. 221 patients were randomly assigned to receive Naldebain® or vehicle injection at 1 day before operation. The average pain intensity scores (AUC of VAS) over 48h and 7 days after hemorrhoidectomy were significantly reduced in Naldebain® group (209.93 vs. 253.53 and 630.79 vs. 749.94, respectively). The Naldebain® group also had significantly lower doses of rescue analgesics. Furthermore, most adverse events were assessed as mild and tolerable in patients who received Naldebain® or the vehicle solution (benzyl benzoate and sesame oil). Most recently, a prospective, open‐label, randomized controlled study was performed in 110 patients scheduled for elective laparotomy. The results showed that preoperative injection Naldebain® (150 mg) significantly reduce AUC of VAS at 4, 24, 32, 72, 120, and 144 h after surgery with a better quality of life during the recovery phase. A retrospective study analyzed the pain intensities in 137 patients who underwent midline laparotomy for gynecologic cancers and reported that a single intramuscular (IM) injection of Naldebain® significantly reduced the pain intensities than the fentanyl‐based patient‐controlled analgesia and conventional analgesia groups on postoperative days 1 to 5 with less analgesic‐related side effects. The most commonly reported drug‐related adverse reactions of Naldebain® are generally well tolerable, including dizziness (6‐27%), nausea/vomiting (3‐30%), injection site reactions (1.8‐12%) and pyrexia.35‐37 Hence, a single‐dose IM administration of Naldebain® can be served as an effective long‐acting preventive analgesic as a component of MMA that can enhance postoperative pain management and attenuate the development of CPSP. Naldebain® has not been tested in the pain control after cesarean section and its pharmacokinetic profiles in the milk excretion of lactating women was also undetermined. Therefore, this PI‐initiated prospective, randomized, open‐label, non‐inferiority trial aims to investigate the clinical efficacy of Naldebain® in management of acute postoperative pain in term parturient who receive elective cesarean section, and prevention of the development of CPSP after cesarean delivery, as Naldebain® can provide prolonged analgesic effect for up to 7 days. This study will also analyze the milk‐plasma levels of nalbuphine following a single intramuscular injection in the parturient. Null hypothesis: the investigators hypothesize that a single‐dose IM injection of Naldebain® (alternative treatment) is inferior to PCEA (standard treatment) for controlling pain after cesarean section. The alternative hypothesis: a single‐dose IM injection of Naldebain® (alternative treatment) is non‐inferior to PCEA (standard treatment) for controlling pain after cesarean section. The study defines a non‐inferiority margin of 10% difference in the average pain score (0‐10) at postoperative days 1‐3 in Naldebain® (alternative treatment) and PCEA (standard treatment) groups. The investigators speculated a P‐value <0.05 indicates non‐inferiority of a single‐dose IM injection of Naldebain® to manage pain intensity after cesarean section in postpartum women in comparison to the standard PCEA, corresponding to the upper limit of the one‐sided 95% confidence interval (CI) of the difference not exceeding the 10% based on the type I error at 0.05 (one‐sided) and a 90% statistical power.
Improving newborn survival in late preterm birth$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Dexamethasone: Dose‐ 6 mg Route of administration‐ Intramuscular(IM) Frequency and TOTAL duration of therapy‐single course‐administered every 12 hours, to a total of four (4) doses (time points 0 hours, 12 hours, 24 hours and 36 hours) Control Intervention1: Identical placebo: Dose‐ 6 mg Route of administration‐ Intramuscular(IM) Frequency and TOTAL duration of therapy‐single course‐administered every 12 hours, to a total of four (4) doses (time points 0 hours, 12 hours, 24 hours and 36 hours) CONDITION: Prevention of neonatal deaths by administration of Antenatal Corticosteroids to women with a live fetus/es at risk of imminent preterm birth from 34 weeks 0 days to 35 weeks 6 days gestation PRIMARY OUTCOME: 1 Any baby death $$$ a.Neonatal death (death of a liveborn within 28 completed days of life) $$$ b. Stillbirth or neonatal death (any death of a fetus (post enrollment), or death of a live birth within 28 completed days of life among all enrolled participants. $$$ 2 Severe respiratory distress of the neonate $$$ 3 Possible maternal bacterial infection (occurrence of maternal fever, or clinically suspected or confirmed infection, for which therapeutic antibiotics were used)‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Randomization to 28 days postpartum INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1 Birth planned or expected within 48 hours 2 Gestational age from 34 weeks 0 days to 36 weeks 0 days 3 Women with singleton or multiple pregnancies, where the fetus(es) is(are) alive 4 Women with no clinical signs of severe infection (as per clinical assessment) 5 Women willing and able to provide consent Women with the following conditions are eligible. Any comorbid conditions will be managed according to local guidelines, and in line with WHO recommendations: 6 Women with a history of previous preterm birth 7 Women with hypertensive disorders 8 Women with a growth impaired fetus 9 Women with pre‐gestational or gestational diabetes 10 Women with HIV/AIDs SECONDARY OUTCOME: 3. Compliance / other study measures $$$ Compliance with study allocation $$$ Total number of ACS doses received1 $$$ Time from randomization to birth (days) $$$ Time from initiation of first dose (ACS or placebo) to birth (days) $$$ Gestational age at birth‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Randomization until birth Apgar score at 5 minutes‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: first 5 minutes of life Chorioamnionitis‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Randomization to 28 days postpartum (during postpartum admission/s only) Early neonatal death‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: birth to 7 completed days of life Maternal death (from time of enrolment to 28 completed days)‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: randomization to 28 days postpartum Maternal fever â?¥38.0 C after enrolment (on any one occasion during hospital admission)‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Randomization to 28 days postpartum Neonatal hypoglycaemia‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: birth to 28 days of life (during initial postnatal hospitalization only) Non‐obstetric infection (excluding malaria)‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Randomization to 28 days postpartum (during postpartum admission/s only) Postpartum endometritis‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Randomization to 28 days postpartum (during postpartum admission/s only) Process of care outcomes $$$ 2.Health service utilization $$$ Length of hospital stay after birth $$$ Admission to a special care unit $$$ Length of admission to special care unit (days) $$$ Readmission for health care at the facility $$$ Length of readmission (days) $$$ Number of readmissions to health facility $$$ Cause of readmission to health facility‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Randomization to 28 days postpartum (during postpartum admission/s only) Process of care outcomes $$$ Mother: $$$ 1. Measure of care given to woman: $$$ Therapeutic antibiotics for suspected or confirmed infection (obstetric or non‐obstetric) $$$ Number of days of therapeutic antibiotic use $$$ Any antibiotic use (prophylactic or therapeutic)‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Randomization to 28 days postpartum (during postpartum admission/s only) Process of care outcomes $$$ Mother: $$$ 2. Health service utilization $$$ Mean length of total maternal hospitalization for delivery (days) $$$ Any postpartum maternal readmission to facility (within 28 completed days of delivery) $$$ Number of maternal readmissions to facility $$$ Cause of maternal readmission to facility $$$ Any referral of woman to another facility for treatment of complications‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Randomization to 28 days postpartum (during postpartum admission/s only) Process of care outcomes $$$ Neonate: $$$ 1. Measures of care given to neonate $$$ Major neonatal resuscitation at birth $$$ Timing of breast milk feeding initiation $$$ Time to full enteral feeding $$$ Use and length of oxygen therapy $$$ Use and length of continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) ventilation $$$ Use and length of mechanical ventilation (MV) $$$ Use and length of parenteral antibiotic therapy $$$ Use and doses of surfactant treatment‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Randomization to 28 days postpartum (during postpartum admission/s only) Severe intraventricular haemorrhage (sIVH)‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: birth, up to 7 days of life or discharge Stillbirth‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: randomization to birth Wound infection‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Randomization to 28 days postpartum (during postpartum admission/s only)
Improving newborn survival in preterm birth$$$ INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Dexamethasone: A single course of 6mg IM dexamethasone administered every 12 hours, to a total of four (4) doses (time points 0 hours, 12 hours, 24 hours and 36 hours) Control Intervention1: Identical placebo: A single course of 6mg IM Identical placebo administered every 12 hours, to a total of four (4) doses (time points 0 hours, 12 hours, 24 hours and 36 hours) CONDITION: Prevention of neonatal deaths by administration of Antenatal Corticosteroids to women with a live fetus/es at risk of imminent preterm birth from 26 weeks 0 days to 33 weeks 6 days gestation PRIMARY OUTCOME: 1. Neonatal death: death of a live birth within 28 completed days of life. $$$ 2. Stillbirth or neonatal death: Any death of a fetus (post enrolment) or death of a live birth within 28 completed days of life among all enrolled participants $$$ 3. Possible maternal bacterial infection: Occurrence of maternal fever, or clinically suspected or confirmed infection, for which therapeutic antibiotics were used.‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Randomization to 28 days postpartum INCLUSION CRITERIA: Trial participants will be pregnant women coming to the hospital for delivery. Participants will be eligible for the trial if 1 Birth planned or expected within 48 hours 2 Gestational age from 26 weeks 0 days to 33 weeks 6 days 3 Women with singleton or multiple pregnancies, where the fetus(es) is(are) alive 4 Women with no clinical signs of severe infection (as per clinical assessment) 5 Women willing and able to provide consent Women with the following conditions are eligible. Any comorbid conditions will be managed according to local guidelines,and in line with WHO recommendations: 6 Women with a history of previous preterm birth 7 Women with hypertensive disorders 8 Women with a growth impaired fetus 9 Women with pre‐gestational or gestational diabetes 10 Women with HIV/AIDs SECONDARY OUTCOME: Apgar score at 5 minutes‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: first 5 minutes of life Chorioamnionitis‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Randomization to 28 days postpartum (during postpartum admission/s only) Early neonatal death‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: birth to 7 completed days of life Maternal death (from time of enrolment to 28 completed days)‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: randomization to 28 days postpartum Maternal fever â?¥38.0 C after enrolment (on any one occasion during hospital admission)‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Randomization to 28 days postpartum Neonatal hypoglycaemia‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: birth to 28 days of life (during initial postnatal hospitalization only) Neonatal sepsis‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: birth to 28 days of life (during initial postnatal hospitalization only) Non‐obstetric infection (excluding malaria)‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Randomization to 28 days postpartum (during postpartum admission/s only) Postpartum endometritis‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Randomization to 28 days postpartum (during postpartum admission/s only) Process of care outcomes $$$ 2.Health service utilization $$$ Length of hospital stay after birth $$$ Admission to a special care unit $$$ Length of admission to special care unit (days) $$$ Readmission for health care at the facility $$$ Length of readmission (days) $$$ Number of readmissions to health facility $$$ Cause of readmission to health facility‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Randomization to 28 days postpartum (during postpartum admission/s only) Process of care outcomes $$$ Mother: $$$ 1. Measure of care given to woman: $$$ Therapeutic antibiotics for suspected or confirmed infection (obstetric or non‐obstetric) $$$ Number of days of therapeutic antibiotic use $$$ Any antibiotic use (prophylactic or therapeutic) $$$ ‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Randomization to 28 days postpartum (during postpartum admission/s only) Process of care outcomes $$$ Mother: $$$ 2. Health service utilization $$$ Mean length of total maternal hospitalization for delivery (days) $$$ Any postpartum maternal readmission to facility (within 28 completed days of delivery) $$$ Number of maternal readmissions to facility $$$ Cause of maternal readmission to facility $$$ Any referral of woman to another facility for treatment of complications $$$ ‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Randomization to 28 days postpartum (during postpartum admission/s only) Process of care outcomes $$$ Mother: $$$ 3. Compliance measures $$$ Compliance with study allocation $$$ Use of repeat course $$$ Total number of ACS doses received (initial and repeat) $$$ Time from initiation of first dose (ACS or placebo) to birth (days)‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Randomization until birth Process of care outcomes $$$ Neonate: $$$ 1. Measures of care given to neonate $$$ Major neonatal resuscitation at birth $$$ Timing of breast milk feeding initiation $$$ Use and length of oxygen therapy $$$ Use and length of continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) ventilation $$$ Use and length of mechanical ventilation (MV) $$$ Use and length of parenteral antibiotic therapy $$$ Use and doses of surfactant treatment‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Randomization to 28 days postpartum (during postpartum admission/s only) Severe intraventricular haemorrhage (sIVH)‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: birth, up to 7 days of life or discharge Severe neonatal respiratory distress‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: birth to 28 days of life (during initial postnatal hospitalization only) Stillbirth (post enrolment)‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: randomization to birth Wound infection‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Randomization to 28 days postpartum (during postpartum admission/s only)
