Imiquimod 5% cream for the treatment of superficial basal cell carcinoma: results from two phase III, randomized, vehicle-controlled studies.$$$ BACKGROUND: Imiquimod is an immune response modifier that is a Toll-like receptor 7 agonist that induces interferon and other cytokines through the innate immune system and stimulates cell-mediated immunity through T cells. Imiquimod has been shown to be efficacious as a topical treatment for basal cell carcinoma (BCC)., OBJECTIVE: We sought to evaluate the efficacy and safety of imiquimod 5% cream compared with vehicle for treating superficial BCC (sBCC)., METHODS: Two identical studies were conducted. Subjects with one sBCC were dosed with imiquimod or vehicle cream once daily 5 or 7x/week for 6 weeks in these 2 randomized, double-blind, vehicle-controlled Phase III studies. The lesion site was clinically examined 12 weeks posttreatment and then excised for histological evaluation., RESULTS: Data from both studies were pooled. Composite clearance rates (combined clinical and histological assessments) for the 5 and 7x/week imiquimod groups were 75% and 73%, respectively. Histological clearance rates for the 5 and 7x/week imiquimod groups were 82% and 79%, respectively. Increasing severity of erythema, erosion, and scabbing/crusting was associated with higher clearance rates., CONCLUSION: Imiquimod appears to be safe and effective for the treatment of sBCC when compared with vehicle cream. The difference in clearance rates between the two imiquimod dosing groups was not significant. The 5x/week regimen is recommended.
Effects of two conjugated linoleic Acid isomers on body fat mass in overweight humans.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To examine the effects of two different conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) isomers at two different intakes on body composition in overweight humans., RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: Eighty-one middle-aged, overweight, healthy men and women participated in this bicentric, placebo-controlled, double-blind, randomized study. For 6 weeks (run-in period), all subjects consumed daily a drinkable dairy product containing 3 g of high oleic acid sunflower oil. Volunteers were then randomized over five groups receiving daily either 3 g of high oleic acid sunflower oil, 1.5 g of cis-9,trans-11 (c9t11) CLA, 3 g of c9t11 CLA, 1.5 g of trans-10,cis-12 (t10c12) CLA, or 3 g of t10c12 CLA administrated as triacylglycerol in a drinkable dairy product for 18 weeks. Percentage body fat mass and fat and lean body mass were assessed at the end of the run-in and experimental periods by DXA. Dietary intake was also recorded., RESULTS: Body fat mass changes averaged 0.1 +/- 0.9 kg (mean +/- SD) in the placebo group and -0.3 +/- 1.4, -0.8 +/- 2.1, 0.0 +/- 2.3, and -0.9 +/- 1.7 kg in the 1.5-g c9t11, 3-g c9t11, 1.5-g t10c12, and 3-g t10c12 groups, respectively. Changes among the groups were not significantly different (p = 0.444). Also, lean body mass and dietary intake were not significantly different among the treatments., DISCUSSION: A daily consumption of a drinkable dairy product containing up to 3 g of CLA isomers for 18 weeks had no statistically significant effect on body composition in overweight, middle-aged men and women.
Calcium and dairy acceleration of weight and fat loss during energy restriction in obese adults.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Increasing 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D in response to low-calcium diets stimulates adipocyte Ca2+ influx and, as a consequence, stimulates lipogenesis, suppresses lipolysis, and increases lipid accumulation, whereas increasing dietary calcium inhibits these effects and markedly accelerates fat loss in mice subjected to caloric restriction. Our objective was to determine the effects of increasing dietary calcium in the face of caloric restriction in humans., RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: We performed a randomized, placebo-controlled trial in 32 obese adults. Patients were maintained for 24 weeks on balanced deficit diets (500 kcal/d deficit) and randomized to a standard diet (400 to 500 mg of dietary calcium/d supplemented with placebo), a high-calcium diet (standard diet supplemented with 800 mg of calcium/d), or high-dairy diet (1200 to 1300 mg of dietary calcium/d supplemented with placebo)., RESULTS: Patients assigned to the standard diet lost 6.4 +/- 2.5% of their body weight, which was increased by 26% (to 8.6 +/- 1.1%) on the high-calcium diet and 70% (to 10.9 +/- 1.6% of body weight) on the high-dairy diet (p < 0.01). Fat loss was similarly augmented by the high-calcium and high-dairy diets, by 38% and 64%, respectively (p < 0.01). Moreover, fat loss from the trunk region represented 19.0 +/- 7.9% of total fat loss on the low-calcium diet, and this fraction was increased to 50.1 +/- 6.4% and 66.2 +/- 3.0% on the high-calcium and high-dairy diets, respectively (p < 0.001)., DISCUSSION: Increasing dietary calcium significantly augmented weight and fat loss secondary to caloric restriction and increased the percentage of fat lost from the trunk region, whereas dairy products exerted a substantially greater effect.
Dietary hydrogenated fat increases high-density lipoprotein apoA-I catabolism and decreases low-density lipoprotein apoB-100 catabolism in hypercholesterolemic women.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine mechanisms contributing to decreased high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and increased low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) concentrations associated with hydrogenated fat intake, kinetic studies of apoA-I, apoB-100, and apoB-48 were conducted using stable isotopes., METHODS AND RESULTS: Eight postmenopausal hypercholesterolemic women were provided in random order with 3 diets for 5-week periods. Two-thirds of the fat was soybean oil (unsaturated fat), stick margarine (hydrogenated fat), or butter (saturated fat). Total and LDL-C levels were highest after the saturated diet (P<0.05$$$ saturated versus unsaturated) whereas HDL-C levels were lowest after the hydrogenated diet (P<0.05$$$ hydrogenated versus saturated). Plasma apoA-I levels and pool size (PS) were lower, whereas apoA-I fractional catabolic rate (FCR) was higher after the hydrogenated relative to the saturated diet (P<0.05). LDL apoB-100 levels and PS were significantly higher, whereas LDL apoB-100 FCR was lower with the saturated and hydrogenated relative to the unsaturated diet. There was no significant difference among diets in apoA-I or B-100 production rates or apoB-48 kinetic parameters. HDL-C concentrations were negatively associated with apoA-I FCR (r=-0.56, P=0.03) and LDL-C concentrations were negatively correlated with LDL apoB-100 FCR (r=-0.48, P=0.05)., CONCLUSIONS: The mechanism for the adverse lipoprotein profile observed with hydrogenated fat intake is determined in part by increased apoA-I and decreased LDL apoB-100 catabolism.
The effect of Lactobacillus helveticus fermented milk on acute changes in calcium metabolism in postmenopausal women.$$$ BACKGROUND: Milk fermented with Lactobacillus helveticus ( L. helveticus) has been shown to lower blood pressure and to increase bone mineral content in spontaneously hypertensive rats. The effect of L.helveticus may be due to better calcium availability., AIM OF THE STUDY: In the present study the effect of milk fermented with L. helveticus on acute changes in calcium metabolism and bone resorption in postmenopausal women was studied., METHODS: The study was performed as a randomised double-blind crossover study of 20 postmenopausal women (mean age 65, range 50-78). The study was carried out in two parts. Firstly, L. helveticus fermented milk was compared to a control milk. Secondly, juice containing peptides formed with L. helveticus bacteria was compared to a control juice. The acute effect on calcium metabolism was measured during the study day by serum ionised calcium (iCa), parathyroid hormone (PTH), calcium (Ca), phosphate (P), and urinary calcium. A direct marker of bone turnover, carboxyterminal telopeptide of type I collagen (ICTP), was measured from the serum., RESULTS: L. helveticus fermented milk reduced serum PTH (405.3 +/- 37 ng/l vs. 454.9 +/- 37, p = 0.012) and increased serum calcium (19.1 +/- 0.2 mmol/l vs. 18.8 +/- 0.2, p = 0.031) compared to the control milk. L. helveticus derived peptides had no significant acute effect on calcium metabolism, in fact, ionised calcium was lower and PTH higher after the juice containing peptides compared to the control juice., CONCLUSIONS: Fermentation of milk with Lactobacillus helveticus had a positive acute effect on calcium metabolism. This effect was not explained by the small peptides formed by L. helveticus.
Dietary intake of hexachlorobenzene in Catalonia, Spain.$$$ To assess the dietary intake of hexachlorobenzene (HCB) by the population of Catalonia, Spain, a total-diet study was carried out. Concentrations of HCB were determined in food samples randomly acquired in seven cities of Catalonia between June and August 2000. A total of 11 food groups were included in the study. HCB levels were determined by HRGC/HRMS. Estimates of average daily food consumption were obtained from recent studies. HCB intake was estimated for five population groups: children (aged 4 to 9 years), adolescents (aged 10 to 19 years), male and female adults (aged 20 to 65 years), and seniors (aged >65 years). In general, HCB residues in foods were rather low excepting dairy products with a mean concentration of 0.869 ng/g wet weight. Total dietary intakes of HCB (microgram per kilogram body weight/day) were the following: children (0.0064), adolescents (0.0031), female adults (0.0025), male adults (0.0024) and seniors (0.0019). All these values are considerably lower than the WHO tolerable daily intake (TDI), which is 0.17 microg kg(-1) day(-1) for non-cancer effects and 0.16 microg kg(-1) day(-1) for neoplastic effects in humans.
Does fat in milk, butter and cheese affect blood lipids and cholesterol differently?.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To compare the effects of isoenergetic amounts of milk, cheese and butter (adjusted to the same content of lactose and casein) on fasting and postprandial blood lipids and lipoproteins, and on postprandial glucose and insulin response., DESIGN: The experiments were designed to provide 20% of total energy from dairy fat, as either whole milk, mean (+/-SD) 2164 (+/-97) g, butter 93 (+/-4) g, and hard cheese 305 (+/-45) g, which were served to 14 healthy young men for three periods of three weeks each, separated by washout periods, in a randomized, cross-over study with strictly controlled dietary intake. Fasting blood samples were taken at the end of the study periods. Measurements of the postprandial effect of the three different dairy test products (0.7 g of milk fat/kg body weight) were carried out on day 4 of each intervention period. Blood samples were taken before and at 2, 4, 6 and 8 hours following intake of the meals., RESULTS: Fasting LDL cholesterol concentration was significantly higher after butter than cheese diet (p = 0.037), with a borderline significant difference in total cholesterol (p = 0.054) after the experimental periods of three weeks. Postprandial glucose showed a higher response after cheese diet than after milk diet (p = 0.010, diet x time interaction)., CONCLUSIONS: A different effect of fat in milk and butter could not be confirmed in this study. The moderately lower LDL cholesterol after cheese diet compared to butter diet should be investigated further.
Topical alprostadil cream for the treatment of erectile dysfunction.$$$ Erectile dysfunction (ED) has serious negative consequences on both sexual experience and emotional well being and affects a broad range of age groups. The prevalence of ED is associated with increasing age and has been reported to be as high as 70%. Although the disorder is common and underdiagnosed, its treatment can significantly improve patients' quality of life. Systemic treatment with oral phosphodiesterase type-5 (PDE-5) inhibitors is the current standard of care for patients with ED. Some patients, however, have absolute contraindications for PDE-5 inhibitors. In addition, these agents can be associated with adverse effects. Furthermore, because PDE-5 inhibitors are not as effective in patients who have undergone radical prostatectomy or who have severe vascular disease, a substantial unmet medical need exists among patients who have ED as a result of these conditions. Consequently, PDE-5 inhibitor therapy is associated with a high rate of discontinuation, as are intracavernosal or transurethral therapies, which are inconvenient and invasive. Several studies, including four double-blind, placebo-controlled, Phase II trials, show that alprostadil topical cream is efficacious and well-tolerated in ED in patients with mild-to-severe symptoms, in those undergoing treatment for cardiovascular diseases and diabetes and in otherwise healthy ED patients. Thus, alprostadil topical cream is a potential first-choice alternative for ED in patients who do not respond or who cannot tolerate or do not accept PDE-5 inhibitor therapy.
Isolated soya protein with standardised levels of isoflavones, cotyledon soya fibres and soya phospholipids improves plasma lipids in hypercholesterolaemia: a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of a yoghurt formulation.$$$ The objective was to study whether a yoghurt containing isolated soya protein with standardised levels of isoflavones, cotyledon soya fibres and soya phospholipids is more effective in lowering total and LDL-cholesterol than a placebo. One hundred and forty-three subjects were randomised to the soya group (n 69) or to the placebo (n 74). The mean baseline levels were 7.6 and 5.1 mmol/l for total and LDL-cholesterol, respectively. Fasting serum lipoproteins were assessed five times during the 8-week intervention period, and 4 weeks thereafter. The results were analysed by a mixed model for unbalanced repeated measurements. During the intervention, there were highly significant differences in lipid-lowering effect in favour of the active soya intervention group compared with the control group. The significant differences were for total cholesterol (estimated mean difference 0.40 mmol/l$$$ P<0.001), LDL-cholesterol (0.39 mmol/l$$$ P<0.001), non-HDL-cholesterol (0.40 mmol/l$$$ P<0.001) and for the total:HDL-cholesterol ratio (0.23$$$ P=0.005). There was no difference in the effects on HDL-cholesterol, triacylglycerols or homocysteine. The lipid-lowering effect occurred within 1-2 weeks of intervention, and was not due to weight loss. The safety profile for active soya was similar to the placebo group, except for gastrointestinal symptoms, which caused a significantly higher dropout rate (fourteen v. three subjects) among the subjects taking active soya.
The impact of usual dietary patterns, selection of significant foods and cuisine choices on changing dietary fat under 'free living' conditions.$$$ Dietary guidelines for the general population and for the management of obesity, diabetes and heart disease suggest a reduction in dietary fat, and in particular dietary saturated fatty acids (SFA). In order to achieve the recommended levels, changes in food choice patterns are required. Foods are consumed in combination with other foods, and these combinations are often recognizable as cuisine patterns. In this study we examined the food choice patterns of a group of 63 adults with existing type 2 diabetes mellitus who completed a 12 month dietary intervention trial aimed at changing dietary fat under 'free living' conditions. In both lower fat (LF, 27%) and modified fat (MF, 37%E) groups, a reduction in dietary SFA and an increase in polyunsaturated fat were required, with an additional requirement to increase dietary monounsaturated fat in the MF group. The usual diets of the study sample were on average low in total fat (27%E), but high in saturated fat (12%E). Those already consuming total fat at the level concordant with their allocation (LF or MF) achieved targets faster than those with a discordant allocation, but there was no significant effect of usual diet on time of target achievement at 12 months. At 6 months, those achieving dietary fat targets had changed to low fat dairy products and leaner meats, were having more spreads, oils, and nuts and were consuming takeaway meals less than twice a week. Contributions to dietary fat shifted from takeaway foods, meat, dairy products and cakes to spreads, oils and nuts. The modified fat and low fat groups chose more Mediterranean and South East Asian cuisines respectively. In this study sample, usual dietary patterns had an initial impact on change in the diet, but identifiable changes in food choice patterns and the adoption of certain cuisines that combined foods indicative of the dietary guidelines resulted in successful achievement of dietary fat targets.
A high dairy protein, high-calcium diet minimizes bone turnover in overweight adults during weight loss.$$$ Weight loss induces bone resorption and this can be attenuated by calcium supplementation. Protein-rich diets were recently associated with favorable effects on bone density, although this remains controversial. We hypothesized that a diet high in calcium and protein would minimize bone resorption during weight loss compared with a lower calcium, protein-rich diet. The effects of dietary calcium in high protein diets on calcium excretion and bone metabolism were examined in overweight adults (n = 50, BMI 33.4 +/- 2.1 kg/m(2)) during 12 wk of energy restriction followed by 4 wk of energy balance. Subjects were randomly assigned to isoenergetic diets (5.5 MJ/d, 34% energy from protein, 41% carbohydrate, 24% fat) high in either dairy protein (DP, 2400 mg Ca/d) or mixed protein sources (MP, 500 mg Ca/d). During energy restriction, weight loss was 10% (-9.7 +/- 3.8 kg, P < 0.01), and 24-h urinary calcium excretion decreased independently of diet (-1.09 +/- 0.23 mmol/d, P < 0.01). By wk 16, the MP diet group had a 40% greater increase in deoxypyridinoline (bone resorption marker) than the DP diet group (P = 0.008). Osteocalcin (bone formation marker) increased from wk 0 to 16 in only the MP diet group [+2.16 +/- 0.63 micro g/L (+0.63 +/- 0.11nmol/L), P = 0.001]. In conclusion, weight loss was associated with increased bone resorption, yet the DP diet had a modest advantage over the MP diet by minimizing overall turnover. Combined with reduced urinary calcium excretion, this suggests that a high-protein, calcium-replete diet may protect against bone loss during weight reduction.
Cholesterol-lowering effects of plant sterol esters differ in milk, yoghurt, bread and cereal.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To measure the relative effects of each of four phytosterol ester-enriched low-fat foods (bread, breakfast cereal, milk and yoghurt) on serum lipids, plasma phytosterols and carotenoids., DESIGN: Three research centres undertook a randomised, incomplete crossover, single-blind study consisting of four treatment periods of 3 weeks each, one of which was a control period. Each sterol-enriched test food provided 1.6 g/day of phytosterols as sterol esters., SETTING: General Community., SUBJECTS: In all 58, free-living men and women with mean age (s.d.) 54 (8) y, moderately elevated plasma total cholesterol 6.2 (0.7) mmol/l and body mass index 26.2 (3.0) kg/m(2)., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Serum lipids, plasma phytosterols and carotenoids., RESULTS: Serum total and LDL cholesterol levels were significantly lowered by consumption of phytosterol-enriched foods: milk (8.7 and 15.9%) and yoghurt (5.6 and 8.6%). Serum LDL cholesterol levels fell significantly by 6.5% with bread and 5.4% with cereal. They were both significantly less efficacious than sterol-enriched milk (P<0.001). Plasma sitosterol increased by 17-23% and campesterol by 48-52% with phytosterol-enriched milk and bread. Lipid-adjusted beta-carotene was lowered by 5-10% by sterols in bread and milk, respectively., CONCLUSIONS: This is the first study to demonstrate that cholesterol-lowering effects of plant sterol esters may differ according to the food matrix. Plant sterols in low-fat milk was almost three times more effective than in bread and cereal. Despite phytosterol-enriched cereal products resulting in lower serum cholesterol reductions compared to sterol-enriched milk, the detection of similar changes in plasma phytosterols demonstrated that such products still delivered and released phytosterols to the gut.
Comparison between the effects of soy milk and non-fat cow milk on lipid profile and lipid peroxidation in patients with primary hypercholesterolemia.$$$ OBJECTIVE: This study assessed whether the consumption of soy milk could add significantly to the lipid profile and lipid peroxidation in comparison with non-fat milk., METHODS: A double-blind, randomized, crossover study was conducted on 60 outpatients with primary hypercholesterolemia following a lipid-lowering diet for at least 6 wk. Lipid profile was obtained at baseline and at 6 and 12 wk, with the patients randomly assigned to receive initially 1 L/d of soy milk or non-fat cow milk for 6 wk. Lipid peroxidation was estimated by plasma thiobarbituric reactive substances. Apolipoprotein E genotypes were examined by polymerase chain reaction restriction fragment length polymorphism., RESULTS: The soy milk diet was associated with low-density lipoprotein cholesterol reduction (baseline = 157 +/- 5 mg/dL$$$ soy milk = 148 +/- 4 mg/dL$$$ non-fat cow milk = 158 +/- 4 mg/dL$$$ P < 0.05, soy milk versus other treatments) and with high-density lipoprotein cholesterol increase (baseline = 58 +/- 2 mg/dL$$$ soy milk = 62 +/- 2 mg/dL$$$ non-fat cow milk = 57 +/- 2 mg/dL$$$ P < 0.05, soy milk versus other treatments). In addition, plasma thiobarbituric reactive substances were reduced by the soy milk diet (baseline = 1.82 +/- 0.12 nM/L$$$ soy milk = 1.49 +/- 0.09 nM/L$$$ non-fat cow milk = 1.91 +/- 0.11 nM/mL$$$ P < 0.05, soy milk versus non-fat cow milk). Changes in lipid profile were not influenced by APOE genotypes., CONCLUSIONS: These results indicate that soy milk as part of a lipid-lowering diet has beneficial effects in improving lipid profile and reducing lipid peroxidation.
The acute effects of olive oil v. cream on postprandial thermogenesis and substrate oxidation in postmenopausal women.$$$ The influence of the source of dietary fat on postprandial thermogenesis and substrate oxidation rates, was examined in twelve postmenopausal women aged 57-73 years, with BMI 21.9-38.3 kg/m(2). A single blind, randomised, paired comparison of two high-fat, isoenergetic, mixed test meals was conducted. The major source of fat was either cream (CREAM) or extra virgin olive oil (EVOO). RMR, diet-induced thermogenesis (DIT) and substrate oxidation rates over 5 h were measured by indirect calorimetry. There were no differences in body weight, RMR, fasting carbohydrate or fat oxidation rates between the two occasions. DIT (EVOO 97 (SD 46) v. CREAM 76 (SD 69) kJ/5 h and EVOO 5.2 (SD 2.5) v. CREAM 4.1 (SD 3.7)% energy) did not differ between the two test meals. The postprandial increase in carbohydrate oxidation rates, relative to their respective fasting values (DeltaCOX), was significantly lower following the EVOO meal (EVOO 10.6 (SD 8.3) v. CREAM 17.5 (SD 10) g/5 h$$$ paired t test, P=0.023), while postprandial fat oxidation rates (DeltaFOX) were significantly higher (EVOO 0.0 (SD 4.4) v. CREAM -3.6 (sd 4.0) g/5 h$$$ P=0.028). In the eight obese subjects, however, DIT was significantly higher following the EVOO meal (EVOO 5.1 (SD 2.0) v. CREAM 2.5 (sd 2.9) %$$$ P=0.01). This was accompanied by a significantly lower DeltaCOX (EVOO 10.9 (SD 9.9) v. CREAM 17.3 (SD 10.5) g/5 h$$$ P=0.03) and significantly higher DeltaFOX (EVOO 0.11 (SD 4.4) v. CREAM -4.1 (SD 4.5) g/5 h, P=0.034). The present study showed that olive oil significantly promoted postprandial fat oxidation and stimulated DIT in abdominally obese postmenopausal women.
Replacing cows' with sheep's dairy fat lowers plasma cholesterol concentration in participants consuming dairy fat-rich diets.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine the effects on plasma cholesterol concentration of replacing cows' dairy fat with sheep's dairy fat., DESIGN: Randomised crossover dietary intervention., SETTING: General community, Dunedin, New Zealand., SUBJECTS: Volunteer sample of 41 healthy adults with initial plasma cholesterol concentration between 4.8 and 7.8 mmol/l., INTERVENTIONS: Participants were asked to follow a self-selected low-fat background diet throughout the study to which, during each of the 2, 3-week dairy diets, they were asked to add sheep's or cows' dairy products., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Energy and nutrient intakes, plasma triacylglycerol fatty acids, and plasma cholesterol., RESULTS: Energy and nutrient intakes on the sheep-dairy and cow-dairy diets were very similar, with total, saturated, monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fat contributing 34, 18-19, 9, and 3% of total energy intake, respectively. Participants consumed approximately 50 g/day of dairy fat on each diet. Replacing cows' with sheep's dairy fat led to a 0.33 (0.11-0.56, 95% CI) mmol/l decrease (6%) in plasma total cholesterol concentration, from 5.53 (0.90, s.d.) to 5.20 (0.90) mmol/l. Plasma low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol was 0.18 (0.02-0.33) mmol/l lower on the sheep-dairy diet as was the concentration of plasma high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, 0.11 (0.02-0.20) mmol/l. The LDL to HDL cholesterol ratio at the end of the sheep-dairy diet, 2.91 (1.10), was not significantly different (P>0.05) from the cow-dairy diet, 2.73 (0.83)., CONCLUSIONS: Within the context of a diet high in dairy fat (50 g/day), replacing cows' milk fat with sheep's milk fat leads to a small reduction in plasma cholesterol concentration, but no change in the ratio of LDL to HDL cholesterol.
Development of a perillyl alcohol topical cream formulation.$$$ Perillyl alcohol (POH) is a relatively non-toxic agent that has been shown to be a promising anticancer monoterpene in preclinical models. Studies have indicated that topical application of POH may prove to be effective as a skin cancer chemoprevention therapy. The main aim of this study was to determine the influence of several factors on the stability of POH in solution and develop a topical formulation of POH. During preformulation, the influence of pH, temperature, ionic strength, and organic solvents, on the stability of POH was evaluated at four different temperatures: 4, 25, 37, and 48 degrees C. POH was found to degrade under acidic conditions with degradation following apparent first-order kinetics. A hydrophilic topical cream formulation of POH was developed and prepared for toxicology and clinical studies. A reverse phase gradient HPLC method was developed to quantitate POH in the complex formulation. Stability studies of the formulation and a placebo were performed and the formulation was found to be physically and chemically stable over a period of 1 year at 4 and 25 degrees C.
Estimated healthcare savings associated with adequate dairy food intake.$$$ Medical literature that has coalesced during the past two to three decades has identified adequate intake of nutrients from dairy foods as a common factor in the reduction of the disease burden of several common medical conditions. These include obesity, hypertension, type 2 diabetes, osteoporosis, kidney stones, certain outcomes of pregnancy, and some cancers. Treatment of these disorders, particularly cardiovascular, consumes a significant portion of the United States' healthcare budget. Drawing on accumulated data from prospective longitudinal studies and randomized controlled trials, this article summarizes the evidence of the net benefits of increased dairy food intake on these conditions, their outcomes, and their costs. Estimated improvements in outcomes were combined with available data on annual costs of the respective disorders. From the calculated annual impact, we generated first-year and fifth-year healthcare cost savings that would accrue if adult Americans simply increased their intake of dairy foods to the currently recommended 3 to 4 servings/d. Using conservative estimates of potential benefit, we project first-year savings of approximately 26 billion dollars and 5-year cumulative savings in excess of 200 billion dollars.
Randomized, paired comparison of No-Sting Barrier Film versus sorbolene cream (10% glycerine) skin care during postmastectomy irradiation.$$$ PURPOSE: Postmastectomy irradiation provides an excellent model for irradiated skin care practices because of the relatively uniform surface and radiation compared with other situations in which radiation-induced moist desquamation is common. We designed a study to test the effect of prophylactic 3M Cavilon No-Sting Barrier Film (No-Sting) on the rates of moist desquamation compared with sorbolene cream (with 10% glycerin)., METHODS AND MATERIALS: The irradiated chest wall was divided into medial and lateral halves. Sixty-one women were randomized to have No-Sting applied to either the medial or lateral half, with the alternate half treated with sorbolene., RESULTS: For all patients, the skin toxicity, calculated as the area under the curve, mean No-Sting and sorbolene score was 8.1 vs. 9.2, respectively (p = 0.005, Wilcoxon signed rank test). The total number of weeks of moist desquamation for the 61 patients was 40 vs. 45, equating to a mean of 0.65 week vs. 0.74 week per patient in the No-Sting and sorbolene-treated areas, respectively. The rates of moist desquamation were 33% vs. 46% (p = 0.096, McNemar's Exact test). For 58 fully assessable patients (minimum of 7 weekly observations), the area under the curve and rates of moist desquamation were significantly different statistically (p = 0.002 and 0.049, respectively). No statistically significant differences were noted in the pain scores. The pruritus scores were significantly reduced in the No-Sting area (area under the curve, p = 0.011)., CONCLUSION: No-Sting reduces the duration and frequency of radiation-induced moist desquamation.
Stat5a is tyrosine phosphorylated and nuclear localized in a high proportion of human breast cancers.$$$ Signal transducers and activators of transcription (STATs) are latent cytoplasmic transcription factors that are activated and translocated into the nucleus after phosphorylation at a conserved tyrosine residue. Mouse model studies have demonstrated that activated Stat5a acts as a critical survival factor for normal, preneoplastic and malignant mammary epithelial cells. Very limited information is available, however, on the expression, tyrosine phosphorylation status and nuclear localization of Stat5a in human breast cancers. In our study, the pattern of Stat5a cellular localization was analyzed by immunohistochemistry in a series of 83 randomly selected primary human breast adenocarcinomas. Immunoprecipitation/Western blotting and immunohistochemistry assays employing different phospho-specific antibodies verified Stat5a tyrosine phosphorylation status. Stat5a was nuclear localized and tyrosine phosphorylated in 59 of 78 (76%) breast cancers examined$$$ 38 of 78 (49%) demonstrated Stat5a nuclear localization in more than 25% of the breast cancer cells within the adenocarcinomas. Nuclear localized Stat5a was associated positively with increased levels of histologic differentiation (p = 0.03). A statistically significant positive association with p27 nuclear localization also was identified (p = 0.05). No relationship was found between nuclear localized Stat5a and menopausal status, tumor size, ploidy, percentage of cells in S-phase, lymph node metastases, ER, ErbB2, nuclear localized p21 or nuclear localized Stat5b/Stat3. As its role in human breast cancer progression and response to therapy is defined, Stat5a could become a new molecular target for breast cancer therapy. Copyright 2003 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Ethanol with a mixed meal decreases the incretin levels early postprandially and increases postprandial lipemia in type 2 diabetic patients.$$$ Increased postprandial lipemia is a risk marker of cardiovascular disease (CVD). While moderate alcohol drinking is associated with a reduced risk of CVD in nondiabetic and type 2 diabetic patients, it is also known that alcohol increases postprandial triacylglycerol levels. The incretins, glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP) and glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1), are important hormones from the gut that enhance nutrient-stimulated insulin secretion. Their responses to a moderate alcohol dose in type 2 diabetes have not previously been studied. We sought to determine how alcohol influences postprandial lipid and incretin levels in patients with type 2 diabetes when taken in combination with a fat-rich mixed meal. Eleven patients with type 2 diabetes ingested on 3 separate days in random order 3 different meals containing: 100 g butter alone or 100 g butter in combination with 40 g alcohol and 50 g carbohydrate, or 100 g butter and 120 g carbohydrate. The meal with alcohol and 50 g carbohydrate was isocaloric to that of 120 g carbohydrate. Triacylglycerol levels were measured after separation by ultracentrifugation into a chylomicron-rich fraction with Svedberg flotation unit values (Sf) > 1,000, and a chylomicron-poor fraction with Sf < 1,000. Supplementation of a fat-rich mixed meal with alcohol in type 2 diabetic subjects suppressed GLP-1 early in the postprandial phase and increased the late triacylglycerol responses compared with the 2 other meals. In the chylomicron-rich fraction, both triacylglycerol and cholesterol were increased by alcohol. No significant differences in high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol levels were seen. Isocaloric amounts of carbohydrate and alcohol suppressed equally the postprandial free fatty acid levels, but carbohydrate increased the postprandial glucose, GIP, and insulin levels the most. Early in the postprandial phase, alcohol suppresses the incretin responses and increases the late postprandial triacylglycerol levels in type 2 diabetic patients. Whether this reflects an alcohol-induced suppression of the incretin response, which adds to the alcohol-induced impairment of triacylglycerol clearance in type 2 diabetic patients, remains to be elucidated.
Evaluation of superficial basal cell carcinomas after treatment with imiquimod 5% cream or vehicle for apoptosis and lymphocyte phenotyping.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To characterize the immune response and the apoptotic pathways that result in regression of imiquimod-treated basal cell carcinomas (BCCs)., METHODS: The trial was conducted as an open-label, matched controlled, nonrandomized study. Twelve patients were assigned as either active-treatment patients or matched control subjects. After treatment, lesions were excised and stained for CD20, CD3, CD4, CD56, bcl-2, bax, caspase-3, and p53. Additionally, a DNA fragmentation assay was performed using the terminal deoxynucleotidyltransferase-mediated dUTP nick-end-labeling method., RESULTS: All vehicle-treated BCCs (six of six) had residual tumor compared with four of six imiquimod-treated BCCs. A dense mononuclear infiltrate surrounded all of the imiquimod-treated tumors and only one of six vehicle-treated BCCs. Staining for CD20, CD3, and CD4 revealed that the infiltrate consisted primarily of T-helper lymphocytes$$$ however, a significant portion of the cells stained positively for CD56, indicating the presence of natural killer cells. Imiquimod-treated BCCs stained more strongly for caspase-3 and to a lesser degree p53 as compared with vehicle-treated BCCs. No differences were seen in either bax or bcl-2 staining. Minimal apoptosis was seen with the terminal deoxynucleotidyltransferase-mediated dUTP nick-end-labeling assay in either group., CONCLUSION: This study provides evidence that imiquimod's antitumorigenic effects are mediated via up regulation of local interferon-alpha levels and supports previous work, suggesting that increased natural killer cell activity may be an important factors explaining both spontaneous regression and IFN-alpha induced regression of BCC.
Effects of margarine containing medium-chain triacylglycerols on body fat reduction in humans.$$$ We found previously that the ingestion of margarine containing medium-chain triacylglycerols (MCT) resulted in a significant increase in postprandial thermogenesis when compared with long-chain triacylglycerols (LCT). Diets that included margarine containing MCT and LCT were compared for 12 weeks in 73 subjects to investigate the effects on body weight, body fat, areas of subcutaneous and visceral fat, serum total cholesterols, triglycerides, lipoproteins, plasma glucose, serum insulin, total ketone bodies, and the activities of aspartate aminotransferase, alanine aminotransferase, and gamma-glutamyltranspeptidase. We conducted a double-blind, controlled study and used blended rapeseed oil and soybean oil (LCT) as a comparison. Two groups ingested 2100-2400 kcal/day of energy, 65-73 g/day of total fat, and 14 g/day of test margarine (5 g/day of MCT or LCT). The subjects on the MCT diet demonstrated significant decreases in body fat weight (- 3.8 +/- 2.4 kg vs - 2.4 +/- 1.7 kg$$$ MCT vs LCT, mean +/- SD), subcutaneous fat (- 38.2 +/- 29.9 cm(2) vs - 22.6 +/- 19.3 cm(2)), and visceral fat (- 12.2 +/- 11.2 cm(2) vs - 1.6 +/- 12.8 cm(2)) after 12 weeks. There were no clinical differences in measured blood parameters. We suggest that the postprandial increase in thermogenesis and control of postprandial triglyceride levels may explain these results.
Comparison of the effects of sitostanol, sitostanol acetate, and sitostanol oleate on the inhibition of cholesterol absorption in normolipemic healthy male volunteers. A placebo controlled randomized cross-over study.$$$ Feeding of margarines containing sitostanol (CAS 19466-47-8), sitostanol acetate (CAS 73052-08-1), sitostanol oleate (CAS 107615-79-2), or placebo (equivalent of 0.5 g of sitostanol t.i.d) on cholesterol absorption and serum lipids were studied in 10 normolipemic volunteers in a randomized double blind cross-over trial. The study was divided into an open one-week run-in phase and four one-week treatment periods. Each treatment week was followed by a two-week washout period. Measurements of cholesterol absorption was performed by the continuous isotope feeding method using stable isotope labeled cholesterol and sitostanol. Cholesterol absorption during placebo, sitostanol, sitostanol acetate and sitostanol oleate feeding averaged 41.6 +/- (SD) 8.0, 10.2 +/- 6.6, 17.0 +/- 6.7, and 20.5 +/- 5.3%, respectively (p < 0.001 for all against placebo). Low density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol was proportionally reduced by 22 (p < 0.001), 14 (p < 0.05), and 8% (ns). Absorption efficiency was significantly lower with free sitostanol than with sitostanol acetate or oleate (p < 0.01). Percent reduction in cholesterol absorption with all preparations compared to placebo correlated positively with the percent reduction in LDL cholesterol (r = 0.404$$$ p < 0.03). The results indicate that unesterified sitostanol is more effective in inhibiting cholesterol absorption and reducing LDL cholesterol than the acetate or oleate esters.
Influence of hydrogenated fat and butter on CVD risk factors: remnant-like particles, glucose and insulin, blood pressure and C-reactive protein.$$$ Dietary trans fatty acids/partially-hydrogenated fat has been associated with increased risk of developing cardiovascular disease (CVD), possibly greater than predicted from changes in lipoprotein levels. To explore this issue further potential risk factors were assessed in subjects provided with each of six diets in randomized order containing as the major source of fat: soybean oil, semi-liquid margarine, soft margarine, shortening, traditional stick margarine or butter. Plasma fatty acid profiles reflected diet, with triglyceride and phospholipid subfractions affected to a greater extent than cholesteryl ester. Non-fasting LDL-cholesterol levels were 144+/-27, 141+/-27, 146+/-26, 148+/-30, 151+/-29 and 165+/-31 mg/dl (P<0.001) and total cholesterol/HDL-cholesterol ratios were 5.50+/-1.25, 5.54+/-1.50, 5.69+/-1.29, 5.82+/-1.40, 6.11+/-1.30 and 5.94+/-1.43 (P=0.011), respectively, whereas other lipoprotein levels were not significantly different. Remnant-like particles levels were unaffected by dietary fat, either in the fasting or non-fasting state. Differences in fasting insulin and glucose levels were small and would not be predicted to have a large impact on glucose homeostasis. There was no significant effect of dietary fat type on C-reactive protein levels or blood pressure. These data suggest that, as previously demonstrated, the major CVD risk factor adversely affected by dietary trans fatty acids/partially-hydrogenated fat is LDL-cholesterol levels and total cholesterol/HDL-cholesterol ratios.
Impact of margarine enriched with plant sterols on blood lipids, platelet function, and fibrinogen level in young men.$$$ The effects of margarines enriched with omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), as well as those containing plant sterols or stanols, on reduction of plasma low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) have been extensively studied. However, their impact on fibrinogen (Fb) concentration and blood platelet function is much less known. Our research involved 42 healthy male students (average age, 23.7 +/- 1.6) who during the research period were subjected to a controlled regime of nutrition and physical activity. After a period of diet stabilization involving 30 g butter daily in 2 servings, the subjects were randomly divided into 2 groups. In the first group, the butter was replaced by the same quantity of PUFA margarine, while the second group received margarine with added plant sterols instead of butter. The subjects consuming margarine with sterols showed a significant (11%) decrease in LDL-C (P<.001). Margarine rich in PUFA caused a 6% reduction in LDL-C (P<.01), with a simultaneous 3% reduction in high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) (P<.001). Both types of margarine increased the concentration of Fb (P<.001), without exceeding the normal medium value of 2.8 g/L. After the consumption of margarine with sterols, the adhesion and aggregation time of blood platelets was significantly prolonged after collagen-epinephrine activation. Margarine with sterols, through its antiplatelet activity and the significant reduction of LDL-C, can play a vital role in the nonpharmacologic prevention of circulatory diseases.
Efficacy of CVD risk factor modification in a lower-middle class community in Pakistan: the Metroville Health Study.$$$ The Metroville Health Study aimed to reduce consumption of total cooking fats by 33%, salt by 25% and replace ghee with vegetable oil in a lower middle class urban community in Pakistan. Households (n=403) were randomly assigned to Intervention and Control groups. A baseline screening collected data on CVD risk factors, knowledge and attitudes and household consumption of cooking fats and salt. Intervention households received information about CVD and regular visits by social workers who measured cooking fats and salt and counselled cooks on the goals of intervention. Two years later, 291 households were re-screened. Intervention households reduced consumption of fats and salt compared to differences were total fat, 48% (p<0.0001)$$$ ghee, 37% (p=0.005)$$$ vegetable oil, 33% (p=0.0001)$$$ and salt, 41% (p=0.011). Household visits by trained social workers were effective in achieving reductions in consumption of cooking fat and salt in a lower class urban community.
Expression of Fas-receptor on basal cell carcinomas after treatment with imiquimod 5% cream or vehicle.$$$ Treatment with imiquimod 5% cream, capable of inducing interferon (IFN)-alpha, effectively cures basal cell carcinoma (BCC), both clinically and histologically. IFN-alpha induces expression of CD95-receptor (FasR) on BCC cells, which normally fail to express Fas receptor (FasR). Expression of the FasR is postulated to lead to apoptosis via CD95 receptor-CD95 ligand (FasL) interaction. Absence of this receptor may be responsible for the longevity of the cells of BCCs by preventing them undergoing 'suicidal' apoptosis, as well as apoptosis induced by neighbouring BCC cells and/or by infiltrating T-lymphocytes. We examined the expression of FasR on BCC after very short-term exposure to imiquimod 5% cream or vehicle. In a double-blind study, 10 patients with BCC applied either imiquimod (n = 5) or vehicle (n = 5) five times per week for up to 2 weeks. At the end of treatment, the treated area was excised and examined for the presence or absence of FasR by immunoperoxidase staining of rat antihuman FasR with haematoxylin and eosin counterstaining. Histologically, BCC cells were present in all (5/5) of the vehicle-treated BCCs and in 4/5 of the imiquimod-treated BCCs. BCC cells expressed FasR in 3/4 imiquimod-treated BCCs but in none (0/5) of the vehicle-treated tumours. T-lymphocytes apposed to BCC cells were evident in all three imiquimod-treated BCCs expressing FasR and in none of the FasR-negative, vehicle-treated BCCs. Imiquimod-induced FasR-mediated apoptosis may contribute to the effectiveness of imiquimod 5% cream for the treatment of BCC.
Low glycemic index breakfasts and reduced food intake in preadolescent children.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Recent reports have suggested that a low glycemic index (GI) diet may have a role in the management of obesity through its ability to increase the satiety value of food and modulate appetite. To date, no long-term clinical trials have examined the effect of dietary GI on body weight regulation. The majority of evidence comes from single-day studies, most of which have been conducted in adults. The purpose of this study was to investigate the effect of 3 test breakfasts-low-GI, low-GI with 10% added sucrose, and high-GI-on ad libitum lunch intake, appetite, and satiety and to compare these with baseline values when habitual breakfast was consumed., METHODS: A 3-way crossover study using block randomization of breakfast type was conducted in a school that already ran a breakfast club. A total of 37 children aged 9 to 12 years (15 boys and 22 girls) completed the study. The proportion of nonoverweight to overweight/obese children was 70:30. Children were divided into 5 groups, and a rolling program was devised whereby, week by week, each group would randomly receive 1 of 3 test breakfasts for 3 consecutive days, with a minimum of 5 weeks between the test breakfasts. Participants acted as their own control. The 3 test breakfasts were devised to match the energy and nutritional content of an individual's habitual breakfast as far as possible. All test breakfasts were composed of fruit juice, cereal, and milk with/without bread and margarine$$$ foods with an appropriate GI value were selected. After each test breakfast, children were instructed not to eat or drink anything until lunchtime, except water and a small serving of fruit supplying approximately 10 g of carbohydrate, which was provided. Breakfast palatability, satiation after breakfast, and satiety before lunch were measured using rating scales based on previously used tools. Lunch was a buffet-style meal, and children were allowed free access to a range of foods. Lunch was served in the school hall where the rest of the schoolchildren were eating. Food intake at lunch was unobtrusively observed and recorded. Leftovers and food swapping were recorded, and plate waste was estimated. Lunch intakes were analyzed using a multilevel regression model for repeated measures data. The likelihood ratio statistic was used to determine whether the type of breakfast eaten had a significant effect on lunch intake after allowing for sex and weight status., RESULTS: The type of breakfast eaten had a statistically significant effect on mean energy intake at lunchtime: lunch intake was lower after low-GI and low-GI with added sucrose breakfasts compared with lunch intake after high-GI and habitual breakfasts (which were high-GI). Overweight and sex did not have a significant effect on lunch intake. Pairwise comparisons among the 3 types of test breakfasts and between each test breakfast and habitual breakfast were made. Lunch intake after the high-GI breakfast was significantly higher than after the low-GI breakfast and low-GI breakfast with added sucrose. The details of the pairwise comparisons were as follows: high-GI versus low-GI = 145 +/- 54 kcal$$$ high-GI versus low-GI plus sucrose = 119 +/- 53 kcal$$$ low-GI plus sucrose versus low-GI = 27 +/- 54 kcal. Lunch intake after the low-GI breakfast and the low-GI breakfast with added sucrose was significantly lower than after the habitual breakfast. The details of the pairwise comparisons were as follows: low-GI versus habitual = -109 +/- 75 kcal$$$ low-GI plus sucrose versus habitual = -83 +/- 75 kcal$$$ high-GI versus habitual = 36 +/- 75 kcal. There were no significant differences between the test breakfasts in immediate satiation. The high-GI breakfasts were rated to be more palatable than the low-GI breakfasts. At lunchtime, hunger ratings were greater after the high-GI breakfast compared with the other 2 test breakfasts on 2 of the 3 experimental days. Prelunch satiety scales were inversely related to subsequent food intake., CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that low-GI foods eaten at breakfast have a significant impact on food intake at lunch. This is the first study to observe such an effect in a group of normal and overweight children and adds to the growing body of evidence that low-GI foods may have an important role in weight control and obesity management. The potentially confounding effect of differences in the macronutrient and dietary fiber content of the test breakfasts warrants additional study. In addition, the impact of GI on food intake and body weight regulation in the long term needs to be investigated.
[The impact of plant-sterol supplemented diet on the LDL and oxidized-LDL levels in young men].$$$ As evidenced by clinical trials, sterols and stanols may reduce LDL-cholesterol more potently than the restriction in the dietary intake of saturated fatty acids and cholesterol. So far, in Poland no clinical trials on the preventive applications of plant sterol margarines were conducted. Therefore, the objective of our study was to confirm their utility in primary prevention of cardiovascular disorders in young, healthy men who habitually consume butter. The present study was conducted on 42 healthy men (24.5 +/- 6 yr)--priests students living throughout the study in a boarding house and 4 weeks consumed during the study the same amounts (portions) of all diet elements, and the only difference were the two compared fats used in the study. 31 men consumed daily 15 g of extra butter (30 g/d), and 31 men consumed twice daily 15 g of margarine (30 g/d) with the addition of plant sterol esters amounting to 8 g/100 g of the product. Total cholesterol reduction by 7% (p < 0.001), and above all the LDL reduction by as much as over 11% (p < 0.001) confirm the beneficial effect of sterols on lipid parameters. The first time we observed reduction of oxidized LDL (oxy-LDL) by as much as 21% (p < 0.001) after consumption of margarine with plant sterol. This results suggest that sterols have pleiotropic effects, similar to statins. Our proposal of this results is that sterol have anti-inflammatory effect, probability by reduction of oxysterols from food. Of note is the fact that dietary sterol intake did not cause any changes in the HDL fraction level. Also the observed reduction in the atherogenic index (LDL-C/HDL-C) by over 11% (p < 0.001). On the other hand, the disadvantageous effect of butter-containing diet on blood serum lipids, with a trend towards their increase, was confirmed in the present study. The results obtained indicate a potent hypolipaemic activity of dietary sterol intake in normocholesterolemics young men, and probably that is the one of the important methods of prevention heart disease.
Effect of tartaric acid and dietary fibre from sun-dried raisins on colonic function and on bile acid and volatile fatty acid excretion in healthy adults.$$$ Sun-dried raisins are a source of dietary fibre and tartaric acid. The effects of tartaric acid on colon function have not been the focus of extensive research. The purpose of the present study was to evaluate the effects of dietary fibre and tartaric acid from sun-dried raisins on colon function and on faecal bile acid and short-chain fatty acid (SCFA) excretion in healthy adults. Thirteen healthy subjects were fed 120 g sun-dried raisins/d or 5 g cream of tartar (equivalent to the tartaric acid in 120 g sun-dried raisins)/d for 9 weeks, divided into 3-week cycles. The experimental diets were fed in a crossover design after an initial control period. Faeces were collected for the last 4 d of each cycle for analysis of SCFA and bile acids. Intestinal transit time decreased from 42 h on the baseline diet to 31 h on cream of tartar (P<0.1) and to 28 h on sun-dried raisins (P<0.05). Faeces were softer on both sun-dried raisins and cream of tartar, but sun-dried raisins increased faecal wet weight (P<0.05), while cream of tartar did not. Sun-dried raisins caused significant reductions from baseline values in total bile acid concentration (from 1.42 (SD 1.03) to 1.09 (SD 0.76) mg/g, P<0.05), whereas cream of tartar did not (1.40 (SD 1.06) mg/g). Sun-dried raisins also significantly reduced the lithocholic (LC):deoxylithocholic acid (DC) ratio (from 1.63 (SD 0.85) to 1.09 (SD 0.50), P<0.02), whereas cream of tartar reduced the ratio, but to a lesser extent (1.29 (SD 0.79), NS). Both faecal bile acids and the LC:DC ratio are indicators of reduced risk for colon cancer. Sun-dried raisins increased total SCFA excretion (from 5.6 (SD 3.4) to 7.6 (SD 3.0) g/4 d, P<0.05), which remained unchanged with cream of tartar (5.6 (SD 3.0) g/4 d). Both sun-dried raisins and cream of tartar appear to be good stool softeners and to shorten intestinal transit time, although the fibre in sun-dried raisins has the added benefit of increasing faecal weight. Both sun-dried raisins and cream of tartar modulate the composition of faecal bile acids and SCFA in a way that has potential health benefits.
Changes in serum concentrations of noncholesterol sterols and lipoproteins in healthy subjects do not depend on the ratio of plant sterols to stanols in the diet.$$$ Consumption of plant sterols or stanols increases their respective serum concentrations, whereas plant sterols might reduce serum concentrations of plant stanols and vice versa. This suggests that changes in serum plant sterol and stanol concentrations depend on the ratio of plant sterols to stanols in the diet. To examine this in more detail, healthy men (n = 15) and women (n = 29) consumed in random order for 3 wk 1.5 g/d of plant sterols plus 0.5 g of plant stanols (high sterol margarine), 1 g of each (low sterol margarine) or control margarine. Sterols and stanols were provided as fatty acid esters. Compared with the control period, serum cholesterol-standardized campesterol and sitosterol concentrations increased by 33 (P < 0.001) and 19% (P < 0.002), respectively, during the high sterol period, but by only 20 (P < 0.001) and 11% (P = 0.001), respectively, during the low sterol period. During the high sterol period, these values for campestanol and sitostanol were 18 (P = 0.063) and 1% (P = 0.630), and during the low sterol period 25 (P = 0.105) and 7% (P = 0.163), respectively. Effects on LDL cholesterol were similar. We therefore conclude that changes in serum plant sterol and stanol concentrations are not greatly affected by the simultaneous consumption of plant sterols and plant stanols, but are proportional to intakes. Furthermore, both mixtures were equally effective in lowering serum LDL cholesterol concentrations.
Dark chocolate inhibits platelet aggregation in healthy volunteers.$$$ Cardiovascular disease is a leading cause of death in the UK. The flavonoids found in cocoa may produce a cardio-protective role for chocolate with a high cocoa content. Thirty healthy volunteers were randomised to receive 100 g of white, milk or dark chocolate, and assessments of platelet function were undertaken on venous blood samples before and after chocolate consumption. White and milk chocolate had no significant effect on platelets. However dark chocolate inhibited collagen-induced platelet aggregation in platelet rich plasma. In the future dark chocolate may have a role in prevention of cardiovascular and thromboembolic diseases.
Effect of different forms of dietary hydrogenated fats on LDL particle size.$$$ BACKGROUND: Dietary trans fatty acids (FAs), which are formed during the process of hydrogenating vegetable oil, are known to increase plasma LDL-cholesterol concentrations. However, their effect on LDL particle size has yet to be investigated., OBJECTIVE: We investigated the effect of trans FA consumption on the electrophoretic characteristics of LDL particles., DESIGN: Eighteen women and 18 men each consumed 5 experimental diets in random order for 35-d periods. Fat represented 30% of total energy intake in each diet, with two-thirds of the fat in the form of semiliquid margarine (0.6 g trans FAs/100 g fat), soft margarine (9.4 g trans FAs/100 g fat), shortening (13.6 g trans FAs/100 g fat), stick margarine (26.1 g trans FAs/100 g fat), or butter, which was low in trans FAs (2.6 g trans FAs/100 g fat) but rich in saturated fat. LDL particle size and distribution were characterized by nondenaturing, 2-16% polyacrylamide gradient gel electrophoresis., RESULTS: Relative to the LDL particle size observed after consumption of the butter-enriched diet, LDL particle size decreased significantly and in a dose-dependent fashion with increasing amounts of dietary trans FAs (P < 0.001). Cholesterol concentrations in large (> 260 A) and medium-sized (255-260 A) LDL particles also increased proportionately to the amount of trans FAs in the diet., CONCLUSION: Consumption of dietary trans FAs is associated with a deleterious increase in small, dense LDL, which further reinforces the importance of promoting diets low in trans FAs to favorably affect the lipoprotein profile.
Effects of milk products fermented by Bifidobacterium longum on blood lipids in rats and healthy adult male volunteers.$$$ The effects of milk products fermented by Bifidobacterium longum strain BL1, a probiotic strain, on blood lipids in rats and humans were studied. Rats were fed a cholesterol-enriched experimental diet, supplemented with lyophilized powders of 1) acid milk (control), 2) milk fermented with a mixed culture of ordinary yogurt starters composed of Streptococcus thermophilus and Lactobacillus delbrueckii subsp. bulgaricus (SL), and 3) bifidobacterium milk fermented with the probiotic B. longum strain BL1, respectively. The bifidobacterium milk feeding brought about significant lowering of the serum concentrations of total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and triglycerides, in comparison with the control, while no change in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentration was observed. On the other hand, supplementation with SL milk resulted in only slight, nonsignificant decreases in serum lipid concentrations in comparison with the control. In the human study, 32 subjects with serum total cholesterol ranging from 220 to 280 mg/dl were randomly assigned to two treatments: 1) intake of a low-fat drinking yogurt prepared with ordinary yogurt starters composed of S. thermophilus and L. delbrueckii subsp. bulgaricus (P-group) and 2) intake of a low-fat drinking yogurt prepared with the two ordinary yogurt starters plus B. longum strain BL1 (B-group). After intake for 4 wk at 3 x 100 ml/day, reduction of serum total cholesterol was observed in approximately half of the B-group subjects$$$ a particularly significant decrease in serum total cholesterol was found among subjects with moderate hypercholesterolemia (serum total cholesterol > 240 mg/dl). However, the serum lipid concentrations in the P-group subjects were almost stable during the experimental periods. The present results indicate the potential of the probiotic B. longum strain BL1 in serum lipid improvement.
Randomised controlled trial and economic evaluation of podophyllotoxin solution, podophyllotoxin cream, and podophyllin in the treatment of genital warts.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the efficacy and cost effectiveness of self applied podophyllotoxin 0.5% solution and podophyllotoxin 0.15% cream, compared to clinic applied 25% podophyllin in the treatment of genital warts over 4 weeks., METHODS: We conducted a randomised controlled trial in 358 immunocompetent men and women with genital warts of 3 months' duration or less., RESULTS: In the principal analysis both podophyllotoxin solution (OR 2.93, 95% CI 1.56 to 5.50) and podophyllotoxin cream (OR 1.97, 95% CI 1.04 to 3.70) were associated with significantly increased odds of remission of all warts compared to podophyllin. We performed two further analyses. When subjects defaulting from follow up were assumed to have been cured odds of remission of all warts were also significantly increased both for podophyllotoxin solution (OR 3.04, 95% CI 1.68 to 5.49) and for podophyllotoxin cream (OR 2.46, 95% CI 1.38 to 4.40). When subjects defaulting from follow up were assumed not to have been cured odds of remission of all warts were significantly increased for podophyllotoxin solution (OR 1.92, 95% CI 1.13 to 3.27), but not for podophyllotoxin cream (OR 1.17, 95% CI 0.69 to 2.00). Local side effects were seen in 24% of subjects, and recurrence of warts within 12 weeks of study entry in 43% of all initially cleared subjects, without statistically significant differences between the treatment groups. Direct, indirect, and total costs were similar across the three treatment groups. Podophyllotoxin solution was the most cost effective treatment, followed by podophyllotoxin cream, with podophyllin treatment being the least cost effective., CONCLUSIONS: Self treatment of anogenital warts with podophyllotoxin showed greater efficacy and cost effectiveness than clinic based treatment with podophyllin.
n-3 long-chain FA decrease serum levels of TG and remnant-like particle-cholesterol in humans.$$$ A large number of papers have reported that administration of n-3 FA reduced serum TG concentrations in hypertriglyceridemic patients. However, few studies have examined the effect of n-3 FA on serum concentrations of remnant-like particle (RLP) cholesterol. Volunteers (n = 41) whose serum TG concentrations were 100-300 mg/dL were recruited and randomly assigned to either an n-3 FA group or a control group with stratification by sex, age, and serum TG level in a double-blind manner. The subjects in the n-3 FA group were administered 125 mL of fermented soybean milk with fish oil containing 600 mg of EPA and 260 mg of DHA/d for 12 wk. The controls consumed control soybean milk with olive oil. Fasting blood samples were obtained before the start of administration and at 4, 8, and 12 wk. EPA concentrations in red blood cells increased significantly in all but one subject in the n-3 FA group, with no significant changes in the control group. TG levels decreased more in the n-3 FA group than in the control group at weeks 4 (P < 0.05), 8 (P < 0.01), and 12 (P < 0.05) with their baseline as covariate. RLP cholesterol levels decreased more in the n-3 FA group than in the control at weeks 8 (P < 0.01) and 12 (P < 0.05) with their baseline as covariate. The groups did not differ in the other lipid levels. It is likely that n-3 long-chain FA may exert anti-atherosclerotic effects by lowering serum TG and RLP-cholesterol levels even at the dose of 860 mg/d.
Soy protein with isoflavones has favorable effects on endothelial function that are independent of lipid and antioxidant effects in healthy postmenopausal women.$$$ BACKGROUND: Controversy exists about the ability of soy protein and isoflavones to modulate vascular reactivity and biochemical cardiovascular disease risk markers in healthy, normolipidemic postmenopausal women., OBJECTIVE: The objective was to investigate whether the consumption of soy protein with isoflavones would result in improved vascular reactivity and decreased biochemical markers of endothelial dysfunction and inflammation, independent of enhanced lipid and antioxidant effects., DESIGN: Healthy postmenopausal women (n = 28) were enrolled in a randomized, double-blind, crossover study, and they consumed 25 g of 3 protein products/d for 6 wk each, with intervening washout periods. The products were isolated soy protein with isoflavones, ethanol-washed isolated soy protein with trace isoflavones, and total milk protein, which supplied 107, 2, and 0 mg total isoflavone (aglycone) units/d, respectively. We studied vascular function by using brachial artery reactivity values, plasma concentrations of vasoactive factors, endothelial inflammatory markers, and plasma isoflavone concentrations. The resistance of whole plasma and isolated LDL to copper-mediated oxidation was measured by conjugated diene formation., RESULTS: Postocclusion peak flow velocity of the brachial artery was significantly (P = 0.03) lower after treatment with isolated soy protein with isoflavones, which is consistent with a vasodilatory response, than after treatment with total milk protein. Plasma isoflavones and metabolites were significantly (P < 0.01) higher after treatment with isolated soy protein with isoflavones. There were no significant changes in biochemical cardiovascular disease risk markers or conjugated diene formation between the 3 dietary groups., CONCLUSION: Daily consumption of soy protein with isoflavones can result in positive vascular effects that are independent of lipid and antioxidant effects in healthy postmenopausal women.
Effect of a high-protein, energy-restricted diet on body composition, glycemic control, and lipid concentrations in overweight and obese hyperinsulinemic men and women.$$$ BACKGROUND: It is not clear whether varying the protein-to-carbohydrate ratio of weight-loss diets benefits body composition or metabolism., OBJECTIVE: The objective was to compare the effects of 2 weight-loss diets differing in protein-to-carbohydrate ratio on body composition, glucose and lipid metabolism, and markers of bone turnover., DESIGN: A parallel design included either a high-protein diet of meat, poultry, and dairy foods (HP diet: 27% of energy as protein, 44% as carbohydrate, and 29% as fat) or a standard-protein diet low in those foods (SP diet: 16% of energy as protein, 57% as carbohydrate, and 27% as fat) during 12 wk of energy restriction (6-6.3 MJ/d) and 4 wk of energy balance ( approximately 8.2 MJ/d). Fifty-seven overweight volunteers with fasting insulin concentrations > 12 mU/L completed the study., RESULTS: Weight loss (7.9 +/- 0.5 kg) and total fat loss (6.9 +/- 0.4 kg) did not differ between diet groups. In women, total lean mass was significantly (P = 0.02) better preserved with the HP diet (-0.1 +/- 0.3 kg) than with the SP diet (-1.5 +/- 0.3 kg). Those fed the HP diet had significantly (P < 0.03) less glycemic response at weeks 0 and 16 than did those fed the SP diet. After weight loss, the glycemic response decreased significantly (P < 0.05) more in the HP diet group. The reduction in serum triacylglycerol concentrations was significantly (P < 0.05) greater in the HP diet group (23%) than in the SP diet group (10%). Markers of bone turnover, calcium excretion, and systolic blood pressure were unchanged., CONCLUSION: Replacing carbohydrate with protein from meat, poultry, and dairy foods has beneficial metabolic effects and no adverse effects on markers of bone turnover or calcium excretion.
Non-esterified plant sterols solubilized in low fat milks inhibit cholesterol absorption--a stable isotope double-blind crossover study.$$$ BACKGROUND: The cholesterol absorption inhibiting properties of plant sterols in milks are unknown. The milk fat globule membrane components may enhance the absorption of cholesterol and could make plant sterols less efficient in this complex matrix., AIM OF THE STUDY: To evaluate in hypercholesterolemic men the cholesterol absorption inhibiting properties of verified properly solubilized, non-esterified plant sterols in partly vegetable oil containing milks., METHODS: The plant sterols in milk were determined to be properly solubilized, and to have effective in vitro functionality. Sixteen hypercholesterolemic adult men (initial total cholesterol 5.8-8.6 mM) then consumed milk containing sterols (1.8 g of non-esterified pure plant sterols/d) and control milk, alternatively, during two 6-day periods in a double blind cross over design. During the trial, cholesterol absorption was evaluated from the ratio of plasma isotopic enrichment of [26, 26, 26, 27, 27, 27-(2)H(6)]cholesterol from oral intake (35.6 +/- 0.2 micromol, +/- SEM) over enrichment of [23, 24, 25, 26, 27-(13)C(5)]cholesterol from intravenous injection (77.9 +/- 0.5 micromol)., RESULTS: Plant sterols in low fat milks contained very few crystals > 11 microm in the presence and absence of bile salts and lysophospholipids, and inhibited cholesterol uptake in Caco-2 cell. This assured that the sterols were properly solubilized prior to the clinical trial. In the clinical study, compliance of volunteers was excellent. After tracer injections (72 h), the plasma [(2)H] and [(13)C] isotopic enrichments changed from 0.024 +/- 0.001 and 0.072 +/- 0.003 MPE (control) to 0.015 +/- 0.001 and 0.074 +/- 0.002 MPE during sterol treatment, respectively. Cholesterol absorption was reduced from 70.1 +/- 4.2 % with control to 41.1 +/- 4.0 % with milks containing plant sterol (P < 0.001)., CONCLUSIONS: These results demonstrate that properly solubilized non-esterified plant sterols in milks significantly inhibit cholesterol absorption in mildly hypercholesterolemic men.
Nutritional variation and cardiovascular risk factors in Tanzania--rural-urban difference.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess the relationship between dietary factors and cardiovascular (CVD) risk factors in middle-aged men and women, in urban, rural and pastoral settings in Tanzania., DESIGN: Cross-sectional epidemiological study designed according to the protocol of the World Health Organisation (WHO) Cardiovascular Diseases and Alimentary Comparison (CARDIAC) study., SETTING: Three centres in Tanzania, namely Dar es Salaam (urban), Handeni (rural) and Monduli (pastoral population)., SUBJECTS: The subjects, aged 47-57 years, were recruited randomly from administrative lists available from each centre., OUTCOME MEASURES: Blood pressure (BP) was measured using a centrally calibrated automatic BP machine (Khi machine). Dietary history of the participants was obtained using a standard questionnaire designed on the basis of a seven-day recall system. Height, weight, serum total cholesterol (TC) and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDLC), haemoglobin A1c, sodium, potassium and magnesium were measured., RESULTS: The prevalence of hypertension (BP > or = 140/90 mmHg or antihypertensive drug use), obesity (body mass index (BMI) > or = 30 kg/m2) and hypercholesterolaemia (TC > 5.2 mmol/l) were lowest in the rural area. Consumption of green vegetables, milk, coconut milk, meat, and fish varied significantly between the three areas. Important determinants for BP among men were BMI (p < 0.001), and salt intake (p < 0.05). Among women, TC (p < 0.05), age (p < 0.05), BMI (p < 0.001) and coconut milk consumption (p < 0.001) were important BP determinants. Salt intake was positively associated with systolic BP (SBP) and diastolic BP (DBP) in men but not among women (both SBP and DBP p < 0.05 respectively). Dietary determinants of serum TC were meat, fish and green vegetable consumption., CONCLUSION: Differences in dietary habits contributed significantly to the urban-rural-pastoral variations in CVD risk pattern in Tanzania.
Effects of plant-based diets high in raw or roasted almonds, or roasted almond butter on serum lipoproteins in humans.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To compare the lipid-altering effect of roasted salted almonds and roasted almond butter with that of raw almonds, as part of a plant-based diet., METHODS: Thirty-eight free-living, hypercholesterolemic men (n = 12) and women (n = 26) with a mean total serum cholesterol (TC) of 245 + 29 mg/dL (mean + SD) followed a heart-healthy diet including 100g of one of three forms of almonds: roasted salted almonds, roasted almond butter or raw almonds for four weeks. Measurements of serum TC, triglycerides (TG), selected lipoproteins and blood pressure were taken at baseline and after four weeks., RESULTS: All three forms of almonds in the context of a heart-healthy diet significantly lowered low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL) from baseline to the completion of the study. Both raw and roasted almonds significantly lowered TC, whereas the decrease by almond butter (in a smaller cohort) did not reach statistical significance. High-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL) did not significantly change with raw or roasted almonds but slightly increased with almond butter. At the end of the study, blood pressure did not change significantly from baseline values for any of the groups., CONCLUSION: These results suggest that unblanched almonds-whether raw, dry roasted, or in roasted butter form-can play an effective role in cholesterol-lowering, plant-based diets.
Infant nutrition and blood pressure in early adulthood: the Barry Caerphilly Growth study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Evidence suggests that environmental factors acting early in life may affect blood pressure in adulthood., OBJECTIVE: The objective was to test the hypothesis that dried formula milk (derived from cow milk) intake in infancy is positively associated with blood pressure in early adulthood., DESIGN: We conducted a long-term follow-up (1997-1999) of the Barry Caerphilly Growth study cohort (1972-1974) into which mothers and their offspring had originally been randomly assigned to receive a milk supplement or usual care. Participants were the offspring, who were aged 23-27 y at follow-up. The main outcome measures were systolic and diastolic blood pressure., RESULTS: The social and demographic characteristics of the subjects who were (n = 679) and were not (n = 272) followed up were similar. For each increase in quartile of dried milk consumption (in oz) at 3 mo of age, there was a 1.28-mm Hg (95% CI: 0.46, 2.10 mm Hg) increase in systolic and a 0.63-mm Hg (95% CI: 0.04, 1.22 mm Hg) increase in diastolic blood pressure after adjustment for sex, intervention group, birth weight z scores, social class in childhood, age at follow-up, alcohol consumption, and pack-years of smoking. These coefficients were attenuated when adult body mass index and height were included in the models, but the association of dried milk consumption at 3 mo of age with systolic pressure remained significant (1.07 mm Hg$$$ 95% CI: 0.27, 1.87 mm Hg)., CONCLUSIONS: Our findings are consistent with the hypothesis that high blood pressure in later life is influenced by early postnatal nutrition. Thus, interventions to optimize infant nutrition may have important long-term health benefits.
Safety of long-term consumption of plant sterol esters-enriched spread.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate both efficacy and safety in humans of long-term consumption of spreads containing plant sterol esters., DESIGN: Randomized double-blind placebo-controlled parallel trial., SUBJECTS: Hundred and eighty-five healthy volunteers (35-64 y)., INTERVENTION: Volunteers daily consumed 20 g spread enriched with 1.6 g plant sterols as fatty acid esters or a control spread for 1 y. They continued their habitual diet and lifestyle. Outcome measures included efficacy markers such as total and LDL-cholesterol, a large range of safety parameters, and reporting of adverse events., RESULTS: Consumption of the plant sterol ester-enriched spread consistently lowered total and LDL cholesterol during the 1 y period on average by 4 and 6%, respectively (0.01 < P < 0.05). Plant sterols intake did on average not result in a lower carotenoid concentration (when expressed per LDL-cholesterol) after 52 weeks (P>0.05). However, carotenoid concentrations changed over time. Plant sterols intake reduced lipid adjusted alpha- and beta-carotene-concentrations by only 15-25% after 1 y, relative to control. Lipid-adjusted fat-soluble vitamin concentrations remained unchanged. Plant sterol concentrations in serum were increased from 2.76 to 5.31 ( micro mol/mmol total cholesterol) for campesterol (P<0.0001) and from 1.86 to 2.47 ( micro mol/mmol total cholesterol) for beta-sitosterol (P<0.0001). The increase in total plant sterol concentration in red blood cells (5.29-9.62 micro g/g) did not affect red blood cell deformability. Hormone levels in males (free and total testosterone) and females (luteinizing hormone, follicle stimulating hormone, beta-estradiol and progesterone) as well as all clinical chemical and hematological parameters measured were unaffected. Adverse events reported were not different between subjects consuming control spread and subjects consuming plant sterol esters-enriched spread., CONCLUSION: Consumption of a plant sterol esters-enriched spread is an effective way to consistently lower blood cholesterol concentrations and is safe to use over a long period of time.
Sunscreen use and skin protection behavior on the Belgian beach.$$$ BACKGROUND: Public health campaigns encourage the public to protect themselves against skin cancer by using sunscreens and taking other protective measures. However, it is difficult to estimate the level of awareness among the general public., METHODS: This study explores the prevalence and predictors of solar protection behavior in a community sample of beachgoers. During the months of May, June, July and August 2001 a total of 360 participants (145 men and 215 women) were randomly selected from several Belgian beaches in and around the city of Ostend, Belgium. The solar protection behavior of each participant was assessed by direct observation and interview., RESULTS: The risk awareness percentages were 70.6% for skin cancer, 60.8% for sunburn and 25.0% for skin aging. These percentages were considerably higher in the female participant group than in the male group. Sunscreen cream was the most popular preventive behavior, especially in the female population, whereas the alternative protective measures (limited exposure during peak sun hours, the use of shade and the use of protective clothing and hats) were more popular in the male group., CONCLUSIONS: While solar protection has become part of routine beach behavior, there is room for improvement by more frequent application of sunscreen cream, the use of a higher sun protection factor (SPF) (15+), timed sunbathing, more use of clothing and hats and more seeking of shade. The results of this study can assist in evaluating the effectiveness of current sun-protection campaigns and health education programs.
Influence of triacylglycerol structure on the postprandial response of factor VII to stearic acid-rich fats.$$$ BACKGROUND: The consumption of a synthetic, randomized, stearic acid-rich triacylglycerol results in decreased postprandial lipemia and activated factor VII (FVII:a) compared with cocoa butter (a nonrandomized, symmetrical, stearic acid-rich triacylglycerol). It was hypothesized that this difference is a consequence of the differences in structure between the 2 triacylglycerols., OBJECTIVE: The objective was to test whether the consumption of randomized cocoa butter decreases postprandial lipemia and FVII:a., DESIGN: A randomized crossover trial with 17 male subjects compared the effects of meals containing 50 g fat provided as a symmetrical (cocoa butter) or an asymmetrical (randomized cocoa butter) triacylglycerol on postprandial changes in lipids, chylomicron composition, and FVII:a., RESULTS: After randomization, the postprandial area under the curve for plasma triacylglycerol decreased by 41% (P < 0.01). At 3 h the plasma concentrations of triacylglycerol, palmitic acid, stearic acid, and oleic acid were 26%, 18%, 34%, and 19% lower, respectively. The proportion of oleic acid in the sn-2 position of the chylomicron triacylglycerol was reduced from 67.4 mol% to 35.9 mol% and resulted in an increase in the proportion of stearic acid in the sn-2 position from 9.2 mol% to 25.4 mol%. FVII:a did not increase 6 h after consumption of the randomized cocoa butter (: 1.2$$$ 95% CI: -2.7, 4.6 U/L) but increased significantly (: 7.7$$$ 95% CI: 2.5,12.9 U/L) 6 h after consumption of the unrandomized cocoa butter., CONCLUSIONS: Symmetrical stearic acid-rich triacylglycerol with oleic acid in the sn-2 position appears to be absorbed more rapidly than is asymmetrical triacylglycerols with long-chain saturated fatty acids in the sn-2 position, which leads to activation of FVII.
A phytosterol-enriched spread improves the lipid profile of subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus--a randomized controlled trial under free-living conditions.$$$ BACKGROUND: Phytosterol-enriched margarines are known to significantly lower total and LDL cholesterol, but little is known about the effect of such margarines in subjects with type 2 diabetes., AIM OF THE STUDY: Investigation of the effect of a phytosterol-enriched spread in subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus on serum lipids, Hb(A1c), and blood glucose under free-living conditions., METHODS: Randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind clinical trial in two parallel groups over 12 weeks$$$ 85 type 2 diabetic patients with serum LDL cholesterol levels >/= 3.60 mmol/l and without hypolipidemic medication were included in the study. Participants consumed 2 x 10 g of spread with or without 8 % phytosterol-esters daily. Fasting blood samples were analyzed at 0, 4, 8, and 12 weeks., RESULTS: After 4 weeks, total and LDL cholesterol were significantly reduced in the phytosterol group by 5.2 % and 6.8 %, respectively, compared to baseline (p < 0.05). After 8 and 12 weeks, these reductions became smaller and were not significant any more compared to baseline or between the groups, but a repeated measurement analysis demonstrated a significant difference for both variables between the two groups (each p < 0.05). HDL cholesterol was significantly increased in the phytosterol group compared to the placebo group after 8 and 12 weeks, but there was no overall difference in the repeated measurement analysis between the two groups. In the phytosterol group, there was a small reduction in Hb(A1c) compared to the control group which was only significant after 4 weeks., CONCLUSIONS: This clinical study shows that a phytosterol-enriched spread is effective in lowering total and LDL cholesterol in subjects with type 2 diabetes but also illustrates the difficult maintenance under free-living conditions over time. Although this effect is modest, it may contribute to decreasing the elevated risk of cardiovascular disease in type 2 diabetes.
Blood-pressure-lowering effect of a novel fermented milk containing gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) in mild hypertensives.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To study the effect of a new fermented milk product containing GABA (FMG) on the blood pressure (BP) of patients with mild hypertension., DESIGN: A randomized, placebo-controlled, single-blind trial., SETTING: The study was carried out at the outpatient clinic of the Cardiovascular Disease Center, Tokyo Metropolitan Police Hospital, Japan., SUBJECTS: The study population comprised 39 mildly hypertensive patients (16 women and 23 men) aged 28-81 y (mean, 54.2 y)., INTERVENTIONS: The study consisted of a 12-week period of daily intake of FMG or placebo (weeks 1-12) followed by 2 weeks of no intake (weeks 13 and 14). We measured the peripheral BP and heart rate of seated patients at weeks 0, 2, 4, 8, 12 and 14. Routine blood study and urinalysis were performed before and after the intake., RESULTS: There was a significant decrease of BP within 2 or 4 weeks, and it remained decreased throughout the 12-week intake period. For the FMG recipients, the mean decrease after 12 weeks was 17.4+/-4.3 mmHg in the systolic BP (SBP) and 7.2+/-5.7 mmHg in the diastolic BP (DBP). Both of these values differed statistically from baseline levels (P<0.01), and the SBP of the FMG group differed from the placebo group (P<0.05). Heart rate, body weight, hematological and blood chemistry variables, and urinalysis results (glucosuria and proteinuria) did not vary both groups throughout the study., CONCLUSION: FMG may contribute to lowering BP in mildly hypertensive people.
Differential effects of saturated and monounsaturated fats on postprandial lipemia and glucagon-like peptide 1 responses in patients with type 2 diabetes.$$$ BACKGROUND: Postprandial lipemia is important in the development of coronary artery disease because of elevated postprandial triacylglycerol-rich plasma lipoproteins and suppressed HDL-cholesterol concentrations. We showed in healthy subjects a possible association between postprandial lipid metabolism and the responses of the duodenal incretin hormones glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) and gastric inhibitory polypeptide after meals rich in saturated and monounsaturated fatty acids (oleic acid), respectively., OBJECTIVE: The objective was to compare the postprandial responses (8 h) of glucose, insulin, fatty acids, triacylglycerol, gastric inhibitory polypeptide, and GLP-1 to saturated- and monounsaturated-rich test meals., DESIGN: Twelve overweight patients with type 2 diabetes ingested 3 meals randomly: an energy-free soup with 50 g carbohydrate (control meal), the control meal plus 100 g butter, and the control meal plus 80 g olive oil. Triacylglycerol responses were measured in total plasma and in a chylomicron-rich and a chylomicron-poor fraction., RESULTS: No significant differences in the glucose, insulin, or fatty acid responses to the 2 fat-rich meals were seen. The plasma triacylglycerol and chylomicron triacylglycerol responses were highest after the butter meal. HDL-cholesterol concentrations decreased significantly after the butter meal but did not change significantly after the olive oil meal. GLP-1 responses were highest after the olive oil meal., CONCLUSIONS: Olive oil induced lower triacylglycerol concentrations and higher HDL-cholesterol concentrations than did butter, without eliciting significant changes in glucose, insulin, or fatty acids. Furthermore, olive oil induced higher concentrations of GLP-1, which may indicate a relation between fatty acid composition, incretin responses, and triacylglycerol metabolism postprandially in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Effects of oral soy protein on markers of inflammation in postmenopausal women with mild hypercholesterolemia.$$$ BACKGROUND: Nitric oxide (NO) may protect arteries against atherosclerosis, as suggested by experimental studies. Estrogen therapy enhances the bioactivity of NO in the vasculature of healthy postmenopausal women, but is not acceptable for long-term use by many women. Observational studies have demonstrated beneficial cardiovascular effects of soy protein in premenopausal and postmenopausal women. We examined whether the consumption of isolated soy protein may improve markers of vascular inflammation in postmenopausal women with hypercholesterolemia., METHODS AND RESULTS: In a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, crossover study, 24 postmenopausal women with hypercholesterolemia received 25 g of soy protein or a placebo daily for 6 weeks, with treatment periods separated by 1 month. Markers of vascular inflammation were measured by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay methods, including: soluble interleukin-2 receptor (sIL-2r), E-selectin, P-selectin, intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1), and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1). There was no effect of soy protein in comparison with placebo on the inflammatory markers: the sIL-2r level was 942.2 +/- 335.3 pg/mL with soy protein and 868.5 +/- 226.9 pg/mL with placebo (P =.311)$$$ E-selectin was 39.6 +/- 16.5 ng/mL with soy protein and 42.1 +/- 17.6 ng/mL with placebo (P =.323)$$$ P-selectin was 157.9 +/- 67.9 ng/mL with soy protein and 157.5 +/- 47.6 ng/mL with placebo, (P =.977)$$$ ICAM-1 was 266.0 +/- 81.3 ng/mL with soy protein and 252.5 +/- 82.7 ng/mL with placebo (P =.435)$$$ VCAM-1 was 402.7 +/- 102.1 ng/mL with soy protein and 416.4 +/- 114.8 ng/mL with placebo (P =.53)., CONCLUSIONS: Consumption of 25 g of isolated soy protein daily for 6 weeks does not substantially affect markers of vascular inflammation in postmenopausal women with hypercholesterolemia.
A clinical pharmacological study of the potential beneficial effects of a propolis food product as an adjuvant in asthmatic patients.$$$ The aqueous extract of propolis has been formulated as a nutritional food product and administered, as an adjuvant to therapy, to patients with mild to moderate asthma daily for 2 months in the framework of a comparative clinical study in parallel with a placebo preparation. The diagnosis of asthma was made according to the criteria of patient classification of the National Institutes of Health and Global Initiative for Asthma Management. At inclusion, the pulmonary forced expiratory volume in the first second (FEV1) as a percentage of the forced vital capacity (FVC) was more than 80% in mild persistent cases, and between 60 and 80% in moderate persistent cases, showing an increase in the degree of reversibility of > 15% in FEV1. All patients were on oral theophylline as controller therapy, none was receiving oral or inhaled corticosteroids, none had other comorbidities necessitating medical treatment, and all were from a middle-class community and had suffered from asthma for the last 2-5 years. Twenty-four patients received the placebo, with one drop-out during the study, while 22 received the propolis extract, with no drop-outs. The age range of the patients was 19-52 years$$$ 36 were male and 10 female. The number of nocturnal attacks was recorded on a weekly basis, while pulmonary function tests were performed on all patients at the beginning of the trial, 1 month later and at the termination of the trial. Immunological parameters, including various cytokines and eicosanoids known to play a role in asthma, were measured in all patients at the beginning of the trial and 2 months later. Analysis of the results at the end of the clinical study revealed that patients receiving propolis showed a marked reduction in the incidence and severity of nocturnal attacks and improvement of ventilatory functions. The number of nocturnal attacks dropped from an average of 2.5 attacks per week to only 1. The improvement in pulmonary functions was manifested as a nearly 19% increase in FVC, a 29.5% increase in FEV1, a 30% increase in peak expiratory flow rate (PEFR), and a 41% increase in the forced expiratory flow rate between 25 and 75% of the vital capacity (FEF25-75). The clinical improvement was associated with decreases by 52, 65, 44 and 30%, respectively, of initial values for the pro-inflammatory cytokines tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha, ICAM-1, interleukin (IL)-6 and IL-8, and a 3-fold increase in the 'protective' cytokine IL-10. The levels of prostaglandins E2 and F2alpha and leukotriene D4 were decreased significantly to 36, 39, and 28%, respectively, of initial values. Patients on the placebo preparation showed no significant improvement in ventilatory functions or in the levels of mediators. The findings suggest that the aqueous propolis extract tested is potentially effective as an adjuvant to therapy in asthmatic patients. The benefits may be related to the presence in the extract of caffeic acid derivatives and other active constituents.
Plant sterol-enriched spread enhances the cholesterol-lowering potential of a fat-reduced diet.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine the effect of a plant sterol-enriched spread on plasma cholesterol concentrations when replacing butter or a standard polyunsaturated spread in a diet containing 30% of energy fat., DESIGN: Parallel butter phase followed by double-blind, randomized, cross-over polyunsaturated spread phases., SETTING: General community., SUBJECTS: Volunteer sample of 50 free-living men and women with mean age (s.d.) 46.7 y (10.5), moderately elevated plasma total cholesterol 5.95 mmol/l (0.78), and body mass index 26.0 (3.9) kg/m(2)., INTERVENTION: Participants ate a moderately low-fat diet (30% of energy) for the 11-week intervention. During the first 3 weeks the diet included 20 g per day of butter. Participants were then randomized to replace the butter with 25 g of polyunsaturated spread with or without 2 g of plant sterols for 4 weeks, crossing over in the last 4 weeks to the alternate spread., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Plasma cholesterol and fatty acids., RESULTS: Replacing butter with a standard polyunsaturated fat spread reduced mean plasma total cholesterol concentrations by 4.6% (from 6.09 (0.82) to 5.81 (0.77) mmol/l, P<0.01) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol by 5.5% (from 3.98 (0.76) to 3.76 (0.74) mmol/l, P<0.05). Replacing butter with a polyunsaturated spread containing plant sterols reduced plasma total cholesterol by 8.9% (from 6.09 (0.82) to 5.55 (0.76) mmol/l, P<0.01) and low density lipoprotein cholesterol by 12.3% (from 3.98 (0.76) to 3.49 (0.72) mmol/l, P<0.01). Plasma high density lipoprotein cholesterol concentration was the same on the three diets., CONCLUSION: In people with moderately raised plasma cholesterol concentrations consuming reduced-fat diets the reduction in plasma total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations achieved by replacing butter with a polyunsaturated spread is enhanced by addition of plant sterols.
Human exposure to dioxins through the diet in Catalonia, Spain: carcinogenic and non-carcinogenic risk.$$$ The main objectives of this study were to estimate the dietary intake of dioxins by the population of Catalonia, Spain, to determine which food groups showed the greatest contribution to this intake, and to assess the health risks potentially associated with the dietary dioxin intake. From June to August 2000, food samples were randomly acquired in seven cities of Catalonia. Dioxin concentrations were determined in 108 samples belonging to the following groups: vegetables, fruits, pulses, cereals, fish and shellfish, meats and meat products, eggs, milk and dairy products, and oils and fats. Estimates of average daily food consumption were obtained from recent studies. Total dietary intake of dioxins for the general population of Catalonia was estimated to be 95.4 pg WHO-TEQ/day (78.4 pg I-TEQ/day), with fish and shellfish (31%), diary products (25%), cereals (14%) and meat (13%) showing the greatest percentages of contribution to dioxin intake. The contribution of all the rest of food groups to the total dietary intake was under 20%. The non-carcinogenic risk index of dioxin intake through the diet was in the range 0.34-1.36, while the carcinogenic risk level was 1,360 excess cancer over a lifetime of 70 years. Our results corroborate the decreasing tendency in dietary intake of dioxins found in recent studies (2000-2001) from various countries.
A fermented milk high in bioactive peptides has a blood pressure-lowering effect in hypertensive subjects.$$$ BACKGROUND: Angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE$$$ EC 3.4.15.1) plays a dual role in the regulation of hypertension: it catalyzes the production of the vasoconstrictor angiotensin II and it inactivates the vasodilator bradykinin. By inhibiting these processes, ACE inhibitors have antihypertensive effects. Peptides derived from milk proteins can have ACE-inhibiting properties and may thus be used as antihypertensive components., OBJECTIVE: We evaluated the long-term blood pressure-lowering effect of milk fermented by Lactobacillus helveticus LBK-16H in hypertensive subjects., DESIGN: In a randomized placebo-controlled study, 39 hypertensive patients received 150 mL/d of either L. helveticus LBK-16H fermented milk or a control product for 21 wk after a 2-wk run-in period. During the run-in period, the average baseline diastolic and systolic blood pressure values were 155 and 97 mm Hg, respectively, in the test product group and 152 and 96 mm Hg, respectively, in the control group. After the run-in period, blood pressure was measured at home on the same day every week with the use of an automatic blood pressure recorder., RESULTS: There was a mean difference of 6.7 +/- 3.0 mm Hg in systolic blood pressure (P = 0.030) and of 3.6 +/- 1.9 mm Hg (P = 0.059) in diastolic blood pressure between the test product and control groups. Demographic factors had no significant effect on the responses., CONCLUSION: L. helveticus LBK-16H fermented milk containing bioactive peptides in normal daily use has a blood pressure-lowering effect in hypertensive subjects.
Increased dairy product or calcium intake: is body weight or composition affected in humans?.$$$ To assess the possible impact of increased intakes of dairy products or calcium on body weight or composition, a MEDLINE search was conducted to identify randomized trials of supplementation with calcium or dairy products. Nine studies of dairy product supplementation were located: In seven, no significant differences in the change in body weight or composition were detected between treatment and control groups. However, two studies conducted in older adults observed significantly greater weight gain in the dairy product groups. The interpretation of these findings is complicated by the inability to accurately determine the extent of dietary compensation for the increment in energy intake provided by the added dairy products. This is not an issue in the interpretation of studies of calcium supplementation, of which 17 were identified. Only one study found greater weight loss in the supplemented group$$$ in the remaining studies, changes in body weight and/or body fat were strikingly similar between groups. In conclusion, the data available from randomized trials of dairy product or calcium supplementation provide little support for an effect in reducing body weight or fat mass. However, the studies reviewed were not specifically designed or powered to address this issue$$$ such studies are required.
Overcoming the barrier of lactose intolerance to reduce health disparities.$$$ Federal health goals for the public have focused on reducing health disparities that exist between whites and various racial and ethnic groups. Many of the chronic diseases for which African Americans are at greater risk- hypertension, stroke, colon cancer, and obesity-may be exacerbated by a low intake of calcium and/or other dairy-related nutrients. For example, a low intake of dairy food nutrients, such as calcium, potassium, and magnesium, may contribute to the high risk of hypertension seen in African Americans. The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) study demonstrated that a low-fat diet rich in fruits and vegetables (8 to 10 servings) and low-fat dairy foods (3 servings) significantly reduced blood pressure-and was twice as effective in African-American participants. Calcium and dairy food consumption is particularly low among African-American, Hispanic, and Asian populations. Average intakes are near the threshold of 600 to 700 mg/day, below which bone loss and hypertension can result. Although lactose intolerance may be partly to blame for the low calcium intakes due to reduced dairy food consumption by minority populations, culturally determined food preferences and dietary practices learned early in life also play a role. The high incidence figures for primary lactose maldigestion among minority groups grossly overestimates the number who will experience intolerance symptoms after drinking a glass of milk with a meal. Randomized, double-blind, controlled clinical trials have demonstrated that by using a few simple dietary strategies, those who maldigest lactose (have low levels of the lactase enzyme) can easily tolerate a dairy-rich diet that meets calcium intake recommendations. Physicians and other health professionals can help their minority patients and the general public understand how to improve calcium nutrition by overcoming the surmountable barrier of lactose intolerance. At the same time they will be helping to reduce the incidence of calcium-related chronic diseases for which minority populations are at high risk.
Randomised controlled trial of novel, simple, and well supervised weight reducing diets in outpatients.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To investigate the contribution of novelty and simplicity to compliance with a low energy diet among obese outpatients., DESIGN: Three arm randomised trial for 16 weeks., SETTING: NHS hospital obesity clinic., SUBJECTS: 45 patients aged over 17 years with a body mass index >27 who were not diabetic, pregnant, or lactating., INTERVENTIONS: Conventional 3.4 MJ diet (control), isoenergetic novel diet of milk only, or milk plus one designated food daily. Follow up visit every 4 weeks., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Weight loss., RESULTS: Mean weight loss (kg) after 16 weeks on control, milk only, and milk plus diets was 1.7 (95% confidence interval 0.3 to 3.7), 9.4 (5.9 to 12.9), and 7.0 (2.7 to 11.3) respectively. Weight loss on the novel diets was significantly greater than on the control diet., CONCLUSIONS: Dietary treatment can achieve as much weight loss in obese outpatients over 16 weeks as has been reported for the most successful drug treatment, but compliance with the prescribed diet is poor unless the diet is novel and simple.
Milk thistle for the treatment of liver disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.$$$ PURPOSE: Milk thistle, an herbal compound, is the dietary supplement taken most frequently by patients with chronic liver disease. We performed a systematic review of the literature to determine the efficacy and safety of this herb for the treatment of liver disease., METHODS: We searched English and non-English reports through July 1999 using thirteen databases and reference lists, and contacting manufacturers and technical experts. Reviewers independently screened all reports to identify randomized placebo-controlled trials that evaluated milk thistle for the treatment of liver disease. Outcomes of primary interest included mortality, histological findings on liver biopsy specimens, serum aminotransferase and albumin levels, and prothrombin times., RESULTS: Fourteen trials met inclusion criteria. Four trials reported outcomes for mortality among 433 participants. The overall summary odds ratio for mortality in the milk thistle group compared with placebo was 0.8 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.5 to 1.5$$$ P = 0.6). Three trials assessed histology on liver biopsy$$$ study quality was inversely associated with the likelihood of histological benefit for milk thistle compared with placebo. There were no differences in serum alanine aminotransferase, aspartate aminotransferase, or albumin levels, or prothrombin times, among participants assigned to milk thistle compared with those assigned to placebo. The only statistically significant difference was a greater reduction in alanine aminotransferase levels among patients with chronic liver disease assigned to milk thistle (-9 IU/L, 95% CI: -18 to -1 IU/L$$$ P = 0.05), but this reduction was of negligible clinical importance and no longer statistically significant after limiting analyses to studies of longer duration or of higher quality. The frequency of adverse effects was low and, in clinical trials, indistinguishable from placebo., CONCLUSION: Treatment with milk thistle appears to be safe and well tolerated. We found no reduction in mortality, in improvements in histology at liver biopsy, or in biochemical markers of liver function among patients with chronic liver disease. Data are too limited to exclude a substantial benefit or harm of milk thistle on mortality, and also to support recommending this herbal compound for the treatment of liver disease.
Soy milk lowers blood pressure in men and women with mild to moderate essential hypertension.$$$ Soy-based diets reduce blood pressure in spontaneously hypertensive rats, but apparently not in hypertensive humans. In the present study, the antihypertensive potential of soy milk (500 mL twice daily) compared with cow's milk was investigated in a 3-mo double-blind randomized study of 40 men and women with mild-to-moderate hypertension. Before initiation of the study, urinary isoflavonoids (measured by HPLC) were undetectable in most cases (for genistein, they were always <100 micromol/L). After 3 mo of soy milk consumption, systolic blood pressure decreased by 18.4 +/- 10.7 mmHg compared with 1.4 +/- 7.2 mmHg in the cow's milk group (P < 0.0001), diastolic blood pressure decreased by 15.9 +/- 9.8 mmHg vs. 3.7 +/- 5.0 mmHg in the cow's milk group (P < 0.0001) and mean blood pressure decreased by 16.7 +/- 9.0 mmHg compared with 3.0 +/- 4.6 mmHg in the cow's milk group (P < 0.0001). Urinary genistein was strongly (r = -0.588) and significantly (P = 0.002) correlated with the decrease in blood pressure, particularly for diastolic values. In conclusion, chronic soy milk consumption had modest, but significant hypotensive action in essential hypertensive subjects. This hypotensive action was correlated with the urinary excretion of the isoflavonoid genistein.
Soy milk with a high glycitein content does not reduce low-density lipoprotein cholesterolemia in type II hypercholesterolemic patients.$$$ In order to evaluate acceptability and effectiveness of a partial addition of soy protein to the daily diet in well-established type II hypercholesterolemic individuals, a double-blind study was carried out with a soy milk providing 25 g/day of protein versus an identically formulated cow's milk. Twenty patients with type II hypercholesterolemia, 4 males and 16 females, age range 38-76 years, all with cholesterol levels >7 mmol/l and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol <5.5 mmol/l, were selected. Significant triglyceride elevations (WHO Fredrickson type IIB) were present in 4 patients, and the body mass index was 24.2 +/- 3.47 kg/m(2). Different from prior studies, either with isoflavone-free products or with a moderately isoflavone-rich milk, the milk in the present study did not reduce total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterolemia. A detailed analysis of the composition showed significant differences in the isoflavone content versus products used in prior studies with a positive outcome. Soy milk isoflavones were, in fact, characterized by a high glycitein content and a low genistein/daidzein ratio. Glycitein is a minor component in most soy products, and its role in cholesterol regulation is unclear. In view of the high interest in the use of soy products for the prevention of coronary diseases, the metabolic behavior of different isoflavones in man should be better characterized, and the role of isoflavone composition of soy products given for the control of cholesterolemia needs further clarification. Copyright 2002 S. Karger AG, Basel
Oats and soy in lipid-lowering diets for women with hypercholesterolemia: is there synergy?.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To study possible synergistic effects of oats and soy on reducing total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) concentrations in human beings and the efficacy and feasibility of including these adjustments to a National Cholesterol Education Program Step I diet. SUBJECT/SETTING: One hundred twenty-seven postmenopausal women with moderate hypercholesterolemia were recruited from a large Midwestern workforce and senior centers in the surrounding community. Intervention and clinical visits were conducted in these same facilities., DESIGN: After a 3-week lead-in period on the Step I diet, participants were randomly assigned to 1 of 4 dietary treatments for an additional 6 weeks: an oats/milk group, a wheat/soy group, an oats/soy group, and a wheat/milk group. Clinical measurements included blood draws, body weight and height, blood pressure, and medical history data. Three-day food records were collected at baseline and Weeks 3 and 9 of the intervention. Randomization was stratified based on the status of hormone replacement therapy and was blocked with sizes 4 or 8 for group assignment., RESULTS: After 3 weeks on the Step I diet, total cholesterol, LDL-C, and triglyceride levels$$$ total fat and saturated fat intake, dietary cholesterol intake, Keys score, and body mass index were all reduced. Following an additional 6 weeks on the Step I diet plus intervention, total cholesterol and LDL-C were further reduced for both the oats/soy group and oats/milk group. There were no significant further changes in total cholesterol, LDL-C, or high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels in the wheat/soy and wheat/milk groups. Body mass index remained stable in all groups from Week 3 to Week 9., APPLICATIONS: Nonpharmacologic dietary interventions like the Step I diet are feasible in a community setting and can produce rapid and significant lipid-lowering benefits. Daily consumption of 2 servings of oats can contribute to further lipid alterations in this population although soy intake at this dose may not. Palatability and convenience are important considerations in achieving dietary adherence.
Effect of soymilk consumption on serum estrogen concentrations in premenopausal Japanese women.$$$ BACKGROUND: Estrogens have been implicated in the development of breast cancer. Preliminary evidence suggests that consumption of soy products, which contain isoflavones (phytoestrogens), can reduce serum estrogen levels. Our purpose was to determine the effect of soy consumption on serum estrogen levels in premenopausal women by use of a dietary intervention approach., METHODS: Premenopausal Japanese women were randomly assigned to receive either a soymilk-supplemented diet (n = 31) or a normal (control) diet (n = 29). The women in the soymilk-supplemented group were asked to consume about 400 mL of soymilk (containing about 109 mg of isoflavones) daily during a study period that involved three consecutive menstrual cycles. Follicular-phase blood samples were to be obtained in the menstrual cycles preceding (cycle 1) and following (cycle 3) the 2-month dietary intervention. All statistical tests were two-sided., RESULTS: At the end of the study period, estrone and estradiol levels were decreased by 23% and 27%, respectively, in the soymilk-supplemented group and were increased by 0.6% and 4%, respectively, in the control group. The changes for each hormone between the two groups were not statistically significantly different. In the soymilk-supplemented group, menstrual cycle length was increased by nearly 2 days, and, in the control group, it was decreased by approximately 1 day, a difference that was not statistically significant. A subgroup analysis restricted to subjects who provided follicular-phase blood samples on the same day or 1 day apart in menstrual cycles 1 and 3 showed a reduction in serum estrone levels in the soymilk-supplemented group that was of borderline statistical significance (P = .07 for change in serum estrone level in soymilk-supplemented group versus control group)., CONCLUSION: Much larger studies will be required to confirm the ability of soy products to reduce serum estrogen levels.
Effects of consumption of oat milk, soya milk, or cow's milk on plasma lipids and antioxidative capacity in healthy subjects.$$$ A drink based on oats has been developed with new technology. In this study the effects of this oat milk, soya milk and cow's milk on plasma lipid, glucose, insulin, and antioxidant status (measured as the ability of serum to suppress the formation of the radical cation ABTS*+) were compared in 24 healthy men and women. Half of the subjects (group A) consumed 0.75-1 liters/day of oat milk and soya milk for 4 weeks each, and the other half (group B) consumed oat milk and cow's milk for two 4-week periods. In the combined groups A plus B the oat milk regimen resulted in decreased plasma cholesterol (4%) and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol (9%) levels as compared with baseline, but no changes in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL) and triglyceride values were observed. Also soya milk consumption resulted in decreased LDL cholesterol concentrations. The only significant plasma lipid change observed during consumption of cow's milk was an increase in HDL cholesterol. No consistent changes in body weight, fasting blood glucose, serum insulin, and antioxidant status occurred after consumption of any milk regimen. A significant correlation between baseline antioxidant status and total plasma cholesterol was found (r = -0.56). It is proposed that the high content of beta-glucans in oat milk was responsible for the decreased plasma cholesterol and LDL cholesterol concentrations, but the effect could also be due to a replacement of saturated fat in the customary diet by unsaturated fat. It is concluded that oat milk can be used as an alternative to other milk drinks by subjects who would benefit from reduced LDL cholesterol values.
Lecithin has no effect on serum lipoprotein, plasma fibrinogen and macro molecular protein complex levels in hyperlipidaemic men in a double-blind controlled study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To examine the effects of lecithin on serum lipoprotein, plasma fibrinogen and macro molecular protein complex (MPC) levels., SUBJECTS AND STUDY DESIGN: Twenty free living hyperlipidaemic men participated in this double-blind study which controlled for possible indirect effects. The subjects were randomly assigned to one of three treatments: frozen yoghurt or frozen yoghurt with 20 g soya bean lecithin or frozen yoghurt with 17 g sunflower oil. Sunflower oil was used to control for the increased energy and linoleic acid intake from lecithin. Yoghurt served as the 'vehicle' for the lecithin and sunflower oil and yoghurt alone was given to one group to control for possible effects due to the yoghurt 'vehicle', as well as other environmental influences. Variables were measured with standard methods twice at baseline and after 2 and 4 weeks of treatment., RESULTS: Plasma linoleic acid levels increased significantly with lecithin and sunflower oil treatments indicating that compliance to the treatments were obtained. Lecithin treatment did not have significant effects on serum total cholesterol, triglyceride, high density lipoprotein cholesterol, low density lipoprotein cholesterol, apolipoprotein A, apolipoprotein B or lipoprotein (a) levels. Plasma fibrinogen and MPC levels were also not affected by lecithin therapy. Sunflower oil treatment resulted in significant increased body weight, serum TC and decreased MPC levels., CONCLUSION: Lecithin treatment had no independent effects on serum lipoprotein, plasma fibrinogen or MPC levels in hyperlipidaemic men.
Effect of partial replacement of visible fat by ghee (clarified butter) on serum lipid profile.$$$ A randomised controlled trial with a parallel design was conducted on 24 healthy young volunteers who were divided into two groups. After a lead-in period of 2 wk, the experimental group (n = 11$$$ 9 male, 2 female) had for 8 wk a lactovegetarian diet providing about 25% of the energy intake in the form of fat, of which ghee provided 10 en% and the remaining fat energy came from mustard oil and invisible fat. The control group (n = 13$$$ 8 male, 5 female) had a similar diet except that all visible fat was in the form of mustard oil. In neither group was there any significant change in the serum lipid profile at any point in time. At 8 wk, 2 volunteers in the experimental group, and 1 volunteer in the control group had more than 20% rise in serum total cholesterol as compared to their 0 wk values. There was also an appreciable increase in HDL cholesterol at 8 wk in the experimental group, but it was not statistically significant. Consuming ghee at the level of 10 en% in a vegetarian diet generally has no effect on the serum lipid profile of young, healthy, physically active individuals, but a few individuals may respond differently.
The contribution of foods to the dietary lipid profile of a Spanish population.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To identify the food that has the greatest effect on the variation in the percentage of energy intake derived from fat and saturated fatty acids for the consumption of a Spanish population., DESIGN: A cross-sectional study of food consumption, using the 24-hour recall method for three non-consecutive days, one of which was a non-working day. Subjects were interviewed by trained interviewers in the subjects' homes. We used multiple linear regression for statistical analysis., SETTING: The citizens of Reus., SUBJECTS: One thousand and sixty subjects over five years old, randomly selected from the population census of Reus., RESULTS: In both sexes, the foods that mainly determine a high consumption of fat are oil and red meat while those that determine a lower consumption of fat are bread, savoury cereals and fruit. The foods that mainly determine a high consumption of saturated fatty acids are red meat and whole-fat dairy products while those that determine a low consumption are bread, savoury cereals and fruit., CONCLUSIONS: In our population, feasible variations in the intake of some foods - less than one portion - would reduce the estimated percentage of energy intake derived from fat and saturated fatty acids by a quantity considered important for cardiovascular disease prevention. The periodic identification and quantification of the food that most affects the dietary fat profile will help in drawing up dietary guidelines with more reasonable strategies for consuming a healthier diet and decreasing the risk of developing nutritional disorders.
The effect of bovine colostrum supplementation on exercise performance in elite field hockey players.$$$ In a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled study, we investigated the effect of 8 weeks of supplementation with bovine colostrum (Intact) on body composition and exercise performance (5 x 10-m sprint, vertical jump, shuttle-run test, and suicide test). Seventeen female and 18 male elite field hockey players, including players from the Dutch national team, received either 60 g of colostrum or whey protein daily. The 5 x 10-m sprint test performance improved significantly (p =.023) more in the colostrum group [0.64 +/- 0.09 s (mean +/- SEM)] compared to the whey group (0.33 +/- 0.09 s). The vertical jump performance improved more in the colostrum group (2.1 +/- 0.73 cm) compared to the whey group (0.32 +/- 0.82 cm). However, this was not statistically significant (p =.119). There were also no significant differences in changes in body composition and endurance tests between the 2 groups. It is concluded that in elite field hockey players, colostrum supplementation improves sprint performance better than whey. However, there were no differences with regard to body composition or endurance performance.
Butter differs from olive oil and sunflower oil in its effects on postprandial lipemia and triacylglycerol-rich lipoproteins after single mixed meals in healthy young men.$$$ Accumulation of postprandial triacylglycerol-rich lipoproteins is generated by assimilation of ingested dietary fat and has been increasingly related to atherogenic risk. Nevertheless, the influence of different kinds of dietary fatty acids on postprandial lipid metabolism is not well established, except for (n-3) polyunsaturated long-chain fatty acids. Our goal was to evaluate the effects of test meals containing a common edible fat source of saturated (butter), monounsaturated (olive oil) or (n-6) polyunsaturated (sunflower oil) fatty acids on postprandial lipid and triacylglycerol-rich lipoprotein responses. After a 12-h fast, 10 healthy young men ingested mixed meals containing 0 g (control) or 40 g fat, provided as butter, olive oil or sunflower oil in a random order. Fasting and postmeal blood samples were collected for 7 h. The no-fat test meal did not elicit any change over baseline except for plasma phospholipids, insulin and nonesterified fatty acids. Conversely, the three fat-containing meals elicited bell-shaped postprandial changes (P < 0.05) in serum triacylglycerols, free and esterified cholesterol, and nonesterified fatty acids. The butter meal induced a lower postprandial rise of triacylglycerols in serum and chylomicrons (incremental AUC, mmol.h/L: 0.72) than the two unsaturated oils (olive oil: 1.6, sunflower oil: 1.8), which did not differ. Circulating chylomicrons were smaller after the butter meal than after the two vegetable oil meals. The in vitro susceptibility of circulating chylomicrons to hydrolysis by postheparin plasma was higher after sunflower oil than after butter or olive oil. We conclude that butter results in lower postprandial lipemia and chylomicron accumulation in the circulation of young men than olive or sunflower oils after consumption of a single mixed meal.
Vitamin D and psoralen plus UVA radiation.$$$ Psoralen plus UVA (PUVA) light is a very effective and widely used monotherapy for psoriasis. However, it is associated with cumulative long-term risks, including premature cutaneous aging and skin cancers. Several studies have shown that the addition of calcipotriene ointment to PUVA radiation has a UVA-sparing effect, clearing psoriatic lesions sooner with lower cumulative doses of UVA radiation compared with doses of PUVA radiation alone. A recently completed multicenter study in Spain demonstrated that the use of calcipotriene cream plus PUVA radiation was also safe and effective for the treatment of plaque psoriasis, achieving results that were similar to those obtained with calcipotriene ointment plus PUVA radiation. Because creams are cosmetically more acceptable and less likely to stain, patients may prefer calcipotriene cream formulations. When used in conjunction with PUVA radiation, calcipotriene should be applied after the UVA radiation treatment because standard doses of UVA radiation have been shown to inactivate calcipotriene.
A Phase III study on the efficacy of topical aloe vera gel on irradiated breast tissue.$$$ The aim of the study was to see if topical aloe vera gel would be beneficial in reducing the identified skin side-effects of radiation therapy, including erythema, pain, itching, dry desquamation, and moist desquamation, when compared with aqueous cream. The secondary aim was to assess the effect of other factors known to predict severity of radiation skin reaction, ie, breast size, smoking habit, and one or more drainages of lymphocele after surgery, on other skin side effects. A Phase III study was conducted involving 225 patients with breast cancer after lumpectomy or partial mastectomy, who required a course of radiation therapy using tangential fields. Patients were randomized to either topical aloe vera gel or topical aqueous cream to be applied 3 times per day throughout and for 2 weeks after completion of radiation treatment. Weekly skin assessments were performed by nursing staff. Aqueous cream was significantly better than aloe vera gel in reducing dry desquamation and pain related to treatment. Subjects with D cup or larger size breasts experienced significantly more erythema, regardless of treatment arm. For subjects who had undergone lymphocele drainage, the aloe vera group experienced significantly more pain than the aqueous cream group. Within the aqueous cream arm, smokers were significantly more likely to experience itching within the treatment field than were nonsmokers. Within the aloe vera arm, subjects who had undergone one or more lymphocele drainages after surgery were significantly more likely to experience erythema and itching within the treatment field than those who did not have drainage. In this study, aloe vera gel did not significantly reduce radiation-induced skin side effects. Aqueous cream was useful in reducing dry desquamation and pain related to radiation therapy.
Imiquimod 5% cream for the treatment of superficial and nodular basal cell carcinoma: randomized studies comparing low-frequency dosing with and without occlusion.$$$ BACKGROUND: Imiquimod 5% cream has been investigated for non-surgical treatment of superficial and nodular basal cell carcinoma (BCC) tumours., OBJECTIVES: Two studies were conducted to examine the effect of occlusion at low dosing frequencies on the safety and efficacy of topical imiquimod 5% cream for the treatment of superficial and nodular BCC., PATIENTS AND METHODS: Both open-label studies were conducted in Europe. Patients diagnosed with BCC were enrolled into either the superficial (93 patients) or nodular (90 patients) study, depending on the histological confirmation of the patient's tumour subtype. Patients were randomized to one of four groups to apply imiquimod 5% cream 2 or 3 days per week either with or without occlusion. Six weeks following a 6-week treatment period, the entire target tumour area was excised and histologically examined for evidence of residual tumour., RESULTS: In both studies, the highest histologically complete response rate was seen in the 3 days per week with occlusion groups, with complete response rates of 87% and 65% for the superficial and nodular studies, respectively. Occlusion did not have a statistically significant effect on response rate at either dosing frequency. Response rates for superficial and nodular BCC tumours treated 3 days per week without occlusion were 76% and 50%, respectively., CONCLUSIONS: In the superficial study, the complete response rate of 87% in the 3 days per week with occlusion group was similar to that of daily and 5 days per week dosing without occlusion in a previous 12-week study and one study of daily dosing without occlusion for 6 weeks. All treatment groups had acceptable safety profiles in both studies. Occlusion did not have a statistically significant effect on efficacy for either superficial or nodular BCC tumours.
Unesterified plant sterols and stanols lower LDL-cholesterol concentrations equivalently in hypercholesterolemic persons.$$$ BACKGROUND: Plant sterols, in various forms, have been shown to reduce total and LDL-cholesterol concentrations. Particularly controversial at present is the effect of the degree of hydrogenation of the plant sterols on cholesterol-lowering efficacy and the responsible mechanisms., OBJECTIVE: Our goal was to examine the effect of supplementation with unesterified plant sterols and stanols on plasma lipid and phytosterol concentrations and cholesterol absorption, synthesis, and turnover., DESIGN: Fifteen otherwise healthy hypercholesterolemic subjects consumed each of 4 dietary treatments in a randomized crossover design. Unesterified sterols and stanols were blended into the butter component of the diet at a dosage of 1.8 g/d. The diets contained plant sterols (NS), plant stanols (SS), a 50:50 mixture of sterols and stanols (NSS), or cornstarch (control)., RESULTS: Plasma total cholesterol concentrations were 7.8%, 11.9%, and 13.1% lower (P < 0.01) in the NS, SS, and NSS groups, respectively, than in the control group. LDL-cholesterol concentrations were 11.3%, 13.4%, and 16.0% lower (P < 0.03) in the NS, SS, and NSS groups, respectively, than in the control group. Plasma triacylglycerols and HDL-cholesterol concentrations did not differ significantly across diets. Cholesterol absorption efficiency was 56.0%, 34.4%, and 48.9% lower (P < 0.001) in the NS, SS, and NSS groups, respectively, than in the control group. The fractional synthesis rate was higher by 45.5% (P < 0.003) in the NSS group than in the control group. Plasma campesterol and sitosterol concentrations were higher (P < 0.01) in the NS group and sitosterol concentrations were lower (P < 0.01) in the SS group than in the control group., CONCLUSION: These data indicate that, in their free unesterified form, sterols and stanols lower plasma LDL cholesterol equivalently in hypercholesterolemic persons by suppressing cholesterol absorption.
The effect of vegetable oil-based cheese on serum total and lipoprotein lipids.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effect of rapeseed oil-based cheese (milk-fat substituted by rapeseed oil) on serum total and lipoprotein lipid concentrations and blood pressure in reference to ordinary, milk-fat-based cheese in subjects with mildly to moderately elevated serum cholesterol concentration., DESIGN: Randomized, controlled, single-blind, cross-over clinical trial., SETTINGS: Outpatient dietary intervention with free-living subjects in Eastern Finland., INTERVENTIONS: The study began with a 2 week pre-trial period followed by two 4 week intervention periods. During the intervention study subjects replaced their ordinary cheese or cold cuts with 65 g of rapeseed oil-based or milk-fat-based control cheese. The type of test cheese was switched at 4 weeks of intervention. Altogether 31 subjects completed the study., RESULTS: Compared with the control cheese period the mean serum total cholesterol concentration was 6.7% (95% Cl -9.9 to -3.5%) lower after 2 weeks and 5.0% (95% Cl -7.5 to -2.5%) lower after 4 weeks of use of rapeseed oil-based cheese. Respectively, LDL cholesterol concentration was 7.0% (95% Cl -11.7 to -2.6%) lower after 2 weeks use and 6.4% (95% Cl -10.0 to -2.8%) lower after 4 weeks' use of rapeseed oil-based cheese., CONCLUSIONS: The present study showed that the rapeseed oil-based cheese reduces serum total and LDL cholesterol concentrations in mildly to moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects when replacing ordinary milk-fat-based cheese in the diet., SPONSORSHIP: Mildola Ltd, Tuusula, Finland and Kyronmaan Juustomestarit Ltd, lsokyro, Finland.
Apolipoprotein E polymorphism and serum lipid response to plant sterols in humans.$$$ BACKGROUND: The apolipoprotein E polymorphism may influence the absorption of cholesterol from the intestine and thus the response of serum cholesterol to diet. We decided to use plant sterols to investigate this and studied whether the cholesterol-lowering effect of plant sterols differed between subjects with different apolipoprotein E genotyes., DESIGN: Thirty-one healthy subjects with the E3/4 or E4/4 genotype and 57 with the E3/3 genotype were fed sterol-enriched margarine or control margarine for 3 weeks each in a blind randomised cross-over design. The sterol margarine provided 3.2 g of plant sterols daily, was low-fat, and had the same fatty acid composition as the control margarine. Subjects used the margarines as part of their usual diet, which was fairly low in cholesterol (mean, 175 mg per day). The mean (+/- standard deviation) age of the subjects was 25 (+/- 11) years., RESULTS: The apolipoprotein E polymorphism did not significantly affect the responses of total and LDL cholesterol. The decrease in total cholesterol was 0.36 mmol L-1 (7.4%) in the E3/3 subjects and 0.31 mmol L-1 (5.7%) in the epsilon 4 subjects (P = 0.50) and that in LDL cholesterol was 0.34 mmol L-1 (12.2%) in the E3/3 subjects and 0.32 mmol L-1 (9.8%) in the epsilon 4 subjects (P = 0.68)., CONCLUSION: The serum cholesterol response to plant sterols is not affected by the apolipoprotein E polymorphism in healthy subjects who consume a low-cholesterol diet.
Relations between various measures of iodine intake and thyroid volume, thyroid nodularity, and serum thyroglobulin.$$$ BACKGROUND: Iodine intake can be measured in various ways, and each method may have advantages and disadvantages., OBJECTIVE: We sought to investigate the potential associations of various measures of iodine intake with thyroid volume, prevalence of thyroid nodules, and serum thyroglobulin. We also sought to identify, if possible, groups at risk of thyroid disease because of their food choices., DESIGN: This cohort study included 4649 randomly selected subjects with mild-to-moderate iodine deficiency$$$ the subjects lived in 2 cities in Denmark. Iodine intake was estimated by using a food-frequency questionnaire and by measuring iodine excretion in spot urine samples. Thyroid volume and nodularity were measured with ultrasonography., RESULTS: In multiple linear regression models, significant inverse relations were found between thyroid volume and estimated 24-h iodine excretion, iodine intake from diet plus supplements, iodine intake from diet/kg body wt, and milk intake (P = 0.001 for all), but not urinary iodine excretion measured as a concentration (P = 0.40). All measures of iodine intake were significantly related to serum thyroglobulin concentration (P <or= 0.002), but only some measures of iodine intake were significantly related to the prevalence of thyroid nodules., CONCLUSIONS: Even in a geographic area where mild iodine deficiency is common, a significant relation between iodine intake and thyroid volume was found. All measures of iodine intake, except iodine excretion measured as a urinary concentration, predicted thyroid volume. Serum thyroglobulin concentration appears to be a good marker of iodine status. Subgroups with low intakes of milk and milk products had an increased risk of thyroid disease.
Additive effect of plant sterol-ester margarine and cerivastatin in lowering low-density lipoprotein cholesterol in primary hypercholesterolemia.$$$ The objective of this study was to evaluate whether plant sterol-ester margarine has an additive or interactive effect on low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol reduction when ingested in combination with a statin drug. This was a multicenter, randomized, double-blind study with 4 parallel treatment arms in a balanced 2 x 2 factorial design. The 4 daily treatment options were: (1) placebo plus regular margarine 25 g (n = 38)$$$ (2) placebo plus sterol-ester margarine 25 g (2 g of plant sterol) (n = 39)$$$ (3) cerivastatin 400 microg plus regular margarine 25 g (n = 38)$$$ and (4) cerivastatin 400 microg plus sterol-ester margarine 25 g (n = 37). The study was conducted in men and women with primary hypercholesterolemia with baseline LDL cholesterol >/=97 mg/dl (mean 206). The primary efficacy parameter was the percent change in LDL cholesterol between baseline and at the end of 4 weeks' treatment. Cerivastatin (vs placebo) reduced LDL cholesterol by 32% (95% confidence intervals 28% to 36%, p <0.0001) and sterol-ester margarine (vs regular margarine) by 8% (95% confidence interval 4% to 12%, p <0.0001). The effect of sterol-ester margarine and cerivastatin together was additive (39% reduction in LDL cholesterol), but there was no significant interactive effect between sterol-ester margarine and cerivastatin (p = 0.29). The treatments were generally well tolerated with no major differences in adverse events between groups. In subjects with primary hypercholesterolemia, statin and sterol-ester margarine used together produce a purely additive effect on LDL cholesterol reduction. The addition of sterol-ester margarine to statin therapy offers LDL cholesterol reduction equivalent to doubling the dose of statin.
Efficacy of topical 5% imiquimod cream for the treatment of nodular basal cell carcinoma: comparison of dosing regimens.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To establish a safe and efficacious dosing regimen for the treatment of primary nodular basal cell carcinoma (BCC) using 5% imiquimod cream., DESIGN: Two phase 2 studies were conducted: a 6-week, randomized, open-label, dose-response study evaluating 4 dosing regimens and a 12-week, randomized, vehicle-controlled, double-blind, dose-response study evaluating 4 dosing regimens., SETTING: Twenty-four public and private dermatology clinics in Australia and New Zealand (6-week study) and the United States (12-week study) participated., PATIENTS: The study populations comprised 99 patients enrolled in the 6-week study and 92 patients in the 12-week study. Patients were at least 18 years old and had a biopsy-confirmed diagnosis of nodular BCC., INTERVENTIONS: In the 6-week study, imiquimod was applied once daily for 3 or 7 days per week or twice daily for 3 or 7 days per week. In the 12-week study, imiquimod or placebo cream (vehicle) was applied once daily for 3, 5, or 7 days per week, or twice daily for 7 days per week. The entire tumor area was excised 6 weeks after treatment and examined histologically for evidence of remaining BCC., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: The proportion of patients having no histologic evidence of BCC in the posttreatment excision specimen., RESULTS: Dosing once daily for 7 days per week resulted in the highest clearance rate, with 25 (71%) of 35 and 16 (76%) of 21 patients showing clearance of their tumor in the 6- and 12-week studies, respectively., CONCLUSIONS: Topical 5% imiquimod cream is well tolerated and most effective in treating nodular BCC when applied once daily for 7 days per week for either 12 or 6 weeks.
[Food phytosterol ester efficiency on the plasma lipid reduction in moderate hypercholesterolemic subjects].$$$ OBJECTIVE: This study aimed at relating the pattern of response to dietary plant sterol ester (PSE) treatment of plasma lipids concentrations and apo E polymorphisms., METHODS: Patients (20-60y old: 50 women$$$ 10 men) with primary moderate hypercholesterolemia were fed margarine (20g/d), received no treatment (placebo), and were fed PSE (2.8g/d = 1.68 phytosterols), during 3 periods of 4 weeks each, in a crossover, double-blind study. DNA was extracted from white blood cells for the apo E polymorphisms., RESULTS: PSE treatment significantly lowered TC and LDL-C 10% and 12%, respectively, in relation to the baseline, and 6% and 8% in relation to the placebo phase, but HDL-C and TG levels were not modified. In regard to the apo E genotyping, no significant difference occurred between apo E 3/3 and apo E (3/4)., CONCLUSION: Dietary plant sterol ester (PSE) treatment reduced cholesterolemia, and the reduction of LDL-C in absolute values was more pronounced when the initial LDL - C concentration were elevated.
Long-term consumption of fermented dairy products over 6 months increases HDL cholesterol.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Assessment of the hypocholesterolaemic effect of yoghurt supplemented with Lactobacillus acidophilus 145 and Bifidobacterium longum 913 in women., DESIGN: The cross-over study consisted of three periods (7 weeks each): first period, control yoghurt for all 29 women$$$ second period, probiotic yoghurt for 18 women, control yoghurt for 11 women$$$ third period, the reverse of that in the second period., SETTING: Department of Nutritional Physiology, Institute of Nutritional Science, Friedrich Schiller University, Jena., SUBJECTS: Twenty-nine healthy women, aged 19-56 y. Fifteen of these were normocholesterolaemic and 14 women were hypercholesterolaemic., INTERVENTION: Yoghurt (300 g) daily containing 3.5% fat and starter cultures of Streptococcus thermophilus and L. lactis. Probiotic yoghurt was the control yoghurt enriched with L. acidophilus 145, B. longum 913 and 1% oligofructose (synbiotic)., RESULTS: The mean serum concentration of total cholesterol and the LDL cholesterol was not influenced by the synbiotic (P>0.05). The HDL concentration increased significantly by 0.3 mmol/l (P=0.002). The ratio of LDL/HDL cholesterol decreased from 3.24 to 2.48 (P=0.001)., CONCLUSIONS: The long-term daily consumption of 300 g yoghurt over a period of 21 weeks (control and synbiotic) increased the serum concentration of HDL cholesterol and lead to the desired improvement of the LDL/HDL cholesterol ratio.
Imiquimod 5% cream for the treatment of superficial basal cell carcinoma: a double-blind, randomized, vehicle-controlled study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Imiquimod 5% cream may provide an effective nonsurgical treatment for superficial basal cell carcinoma (sBCC) based on results of previous studies., OBJECTIVE: The objective of this phase II dose-response study was to explore various dosing regimens using imiquimod 5% cream for sBCC to find the most effective frequency of dosing with tolerable side effects., METHODS: Patients (n = 128) were dosed twice daily, once daily, 5 times a week, or 3 times a week in this 12-week, randomized, double-blind, vehicle-controlled study. At 6 weeks after treatment, the entire tumor area was clinically evaluated, excised, and examined exhaustively for histologic evidence of residual sBCC., RESULTS: Complete response rates were 100% (10/10), 87.1% (27/31), 80.8% (21/26), and 51.7% (15/29) for patients in the twice daily, once daily, 5 times a week, and 3 times a week imiquimod groups, respectively, and 18.8% (6/32) in the vehicle group., CONCLUSION: Imiquimod 5% cream was effective in the treatment of sBCC. Daily or 5 times a week dosing for 12 weeks demonstrated high efficacy results with acceptable safety profiles.
Influence of dietary cholesterol on vitamin d metabolism in formula-fed preterm neonates.$$$ OBJECTIVES: Supplementation of preterm formulas with cholesterol could help to mimic the fat composition of human milk. However, this could possibly influence vitamin D 25-hydroxylation because this reaction is catalyzed in part by the mitochondrial cytochrome P-450, the enzyme responsible for the 27-hydroxylation of cholesterol. The purpose of this study was to verify whether the addition of cholesterol to preterm formulas could interfere with vitamin D metabolism in preterm neonates., METHODS: In a prospective study, 30 preterm neonates were randomly assigned to a low (< 0.03 g/L), medium (0.15 g/L), or high (0.30 g/L) cholesterol-content preterm formula until theoretical term (i.e., 40 weeks post-conceptional age). Anthropometric data and serum hydroxy-vitamin D and 1,25 dihydroxy-vitamin D concentrations were measured at study entry and theoretical term. In a subgroup of 14 subjects, serum cholesterol and lymphocyte 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase mRNA were also assessed., RESULTS: (median [25, 75 centiles]): At theoretical term, there were no significant differences in serum hydroxy-vitamin D concentrations among the three groups, even after adjustment for confounding variables (65 [50, 78] nmol/L, 79 [59, 86] nmol/L, and 67 [43, 103] nmol/L, respectively, = 0.65) or 1,25 dihydroxy-vitamin D ( = 0.88). Furthermore, there were no significant differences in 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase mRNA copy numbers., CONCLUSIONS: In preterm neonates fed formulas with a cholesterol content similar to or higher than that of human milk, we did not observe deleterious effects on vitamin D metabolism. However, long-term effects of cholesterol supplementation require further studies.
Effect of postpartum exercise on mothers and their offspring: a review of the literature.$$$ Epidemiological studies suggest that childbearing may contribute to the development of obesity. In the past 12 years, several cross-sectional and randomized trials have addressed the effect of postpartum exercise on weight loss and/or energy balance in mostly lactating women. These studies suggest that moderate exercise without specific calorie restriction does not promote greater weight or fat loss. This may be because exercise may promote greater energy intake and/or reduced energy expenditure from nonexercise physical activity (thus preventing negative energy balance), but further research is needed. Regular exercise, however, is likely to have other important health benefits after childbirth. A few published studies suggest that postpartum exercise improves aerobic fitness, high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol levels, and insulin sensitivity. Exercise may also enhance psychological well-being, but controlled clinical studies are needed. Although two published studies have addressed whether exercise training attenuates lactation-induced bone loss, better controlled studies are needed to determine whether postpartum weight-bearing exercise can improve bone mineral density in lactating and nonlactating women alike. In lactating women, several studies have collectively determined that neither acute nor regular exercise has adverse effects on a mother's ability to successfully breast-feed. It needs to be determined whether a woman's participation in regular exercise after childbirth will improve her ability to mother or instill lifetime habits of regular physical activity in either herself or her offspring. Overall, published studies have established the importance of regular exercise during the postpartum period. More research, however, is needed in this important area.
Safety studies of topical imiquimod 5% cream on normal skin exposed to ultraviolet radiation.$$$ BACKGROUND: Imiquimod 5% topical cream is an immune response modifier that induces interferon alpha and interleukin-12, and exhibits antiviral and tumor-inhibiting properties. It is currently available for treatment of genital and perianal warts. Three randomized, open-label or assessor-blinded, placebo-controlled studies were carried out to assess its safety on normal white skin exposed to ultraviolet radiation (UVR)., METHODS: Healthy white volunteer adult subjects between the ages of 18 and 60 years with skin types I, II or III (Fitzpatrick Scale, US Federal Register 43:38260, 1978) were invited to participate. Imiquimod 5% cream (each dose approximately 0.1-0.2 ml) was compared with placebo cream. Two preliminary studies assessed the potential photosensitizing properties of the drug, and the third study added measurement of sunburn cell counts (SBC) and deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) pyrimidine dimer (PD) formation. The three studies were: a 6-week standard photocontact allergenicity bioassay$$$ a 4-day standard phototoxicity bioassay$$$ and a 4-week photodamage study using biopsy sample analyses to determine SBC or PD frequency., RESULTS: Imiquimod had no detectable potential for inducing either photocontact allergy (n=115) or phototoxicity (n=20). The final study further assessing photodamage potential of imiquimod included 44 subjects. There were no significant differences between imiquimod vs. the control (no drug+UVB) for SBC counts (mean 0.88 vs. 0.93), or PD frequency (mean 60.86 vs. 70.03)., CONCLUSIONS: Results from the two preliminary safety studies suggest that imiquimod 5% cream does not possess a detectable photosensitizing potential in humans. Furthermore, topical imiquimod did not enhance UVR-induced damage to epidermal cells or DNA.
Carotenoid composition of human milk during the first month postpartum and the response to beta-carotene supplementation.$$$ BACKGROUND: Information is lacking regarding normal changes in milk carotenoid concentrations in healthy, well-nourished women during the first month of lactation., OBJECTIVES: This study investigated milk carotenoid concentrations during days 4-32 postpartum and assessed the effects of maternal beta-carotene supplementation., DESIGN: Subjects (n = 21$$$ aged 19-39 y) were randomly assigned to receive beta-carotene (30 mg/d) or placebo from days 4 to 32 postpartum. Each subject provided 8 diet records and 8 milk samples during the study. Diet records were analyzed for energy, macronutrients, vitamins A and E, and carotenoids. Milk samples were analyzed with HPLC for concentrations of carotenoids, retinol, and alpha-tocopherol. Data were analyzed by using repeated-measures analysis and orthogonal contrasts., RESULTS: No significant differences in average dietary intakes, body mass index, age, or parity were found between groups at baseline or after supplementation. Milk carotenoid concentrations decreased over time (P < 0.01), as did retinol and alpha-tocopherol concentrations (P < 0.003). Concentrations of most carotenoids decreased to those reported for mature milk by day 32 postpartum. Milk lutein concentrations remained elevated throughout the study compared with values reported for mature milk, whereas plasma lutein concentrations decreased significantly over time. beta-carotene supplementation did not significantly change the milk concentrations of beta-carotene, the other carotenoids, retinol, or alpha-tocopherol., CONCLUSIONS: The lack of increase in milk beta-carotene despite supplementation suggests that transitional milk may be already nearly saturated with beta-carotene. The elevated milk lutein concentration and simultaneous decrease in plasma lutein suggest that lutein metabolism may be altered during early lactation.
The influence of the type of dietary fat on postprandial fat oxidation rates: monounsaturated (olive oil) vs saturated fat (cream).$$$ OBJECTIVE: To compare postprandial whole-body fat oxidation rates in humans, following high-fat (43% of total energy) mixed breakfast meals, of fixed energy and macronutrient composition, rich in either monounsaturated fat (MUFA) from extra virgin olive oil or saturated fat (SFA) from cream., DESIGN: Paired comparison of resting metabolic rate (RMR), thermic effect of a meal and substrate oxidation rates following consumption of isocaloric breakfast meals, differing only in the type of fat, administered in random order 1-2 weeks apart., SUBJECTS: Fourteen male volunteers, body mass index (BMI) in the range 20-32 kg/m(2), aged 24-49 y and resident in Melbourne, Australia, were recruited by advertisement in the local media or by personal contact., MEASUREMENTS: Body size and composition was determined by anthropometry and dual energy X-ray absorptiometry (DEXA). Indirect calorimetry was used to measure RMR, thermic effect of a meal, post-meal total energy expenditure and substrate oxidation rate. Blood pressure and pulse rates were measured with an automated oscillometric system. Fasting and 2 h postprandial glucose and insulin concentrations and the fasting lipid profile were also determined., RESULTS: In the 5 h following the MUFA breakfast, there was a significantly greater postprandial fat oxidation rate (3.08+/-4.58 g/5 h, P=0.017), and lower postprandial carbohydrate oxidation rate (P=0.025), than after the SFA breakfast. Thermic effect of a meal was significantly higher (55 kJ/5 h, P=0.034) after the MUFA breakfast, in subjects with a high waist circumference (HWC > or = 99 cm) than those with a low waist circumference (LWC<99 cm). This difference was not detected following the SFA breakfast (P=0.910)., CONCLUSION: If postprandial fat oxidation rates are higher after high MUFA, rather than SFA meals, then a simple change to the type of dietary fat consumed might have beneficial effects in curbing weight gain in men consuming a relatively high-fat diet. This may be particularly evident in men with a large waist circumference.
No changes in serum fat-soluble vitamin and carotenoid concentrations with the intake of plant sterol/stanol esters in the context of a controlled diet.$$$ Spreads enriched with plant sterol and stanol esters have been shown to possess similar cholesterol-lowering properties$$$ however, their comparative capacity to alter circulating levels of other fat-soluble compounds has not been fully assessed. To compare actions of sterol and stanol ester consumption on serum fat-soluble vitamin and carotenoid concentrations, 15 hypercholesterolemic subjects were fed each of 3 fixed foods treatment diets over 21 days using a randomized crossover controlled design. Diets contained either (1) margarine (M), (2) margarine with sterol esters (MSE$$$ 1.92 g/d), or (3) margarine with stanol esters (MSA$$$ 1.76 g/d). No significant differences were found in initial or final serum fat-soluble vitamin and carotenoid concentrations among the 3 phases. Serum retinol and alpha- and gamma-tocopherol concentrations at baseline and endpoint and percentage changes relative to baseline for MSE and MSA were not significantly different from those of the M diet. After adjusting for total cholesterol reduction, no changes for alpha- and gamma-tocopherol were found. Serum vitamins D and K, lycopene, and lutein concentrations and percentage changes did not differ across diets. Serum concentrations at baseline and endpoint and percentage changes for alpha- and beta-cryptoxanthin and alpha- and gamma-carotene were not different among the diets, nor did serum alpha- and gamma-carotene concentrations to total cholesterol ratios differ. Serum lutein, beta-cryptoxanthin, and alpha-carotene concentrations increased over time. In conclusion, our results show no effect of consumption of esterified plant sterols or stanols on serum fat-soluble vitamin or carotenoid concentrations compared with a control diet. Copyright 2002, Elsevier Science (USA). All rights reserved.
Associations of body mass index and obesity with physical activity, food choices, alcohol intake, and smoking in the 1982-1997 FINRISK Studies.$$$ BACKGROUND: Recent increases in the prevalence of obesity worldwide are suggested to be caused largely by an environment that promotes sedentariness and excessive food intake., OBJECTIVE: We investigated associations of body mass index (BMI) and obesity with physical activity, food choices, alcohol consumption, and smoking history. In addition, we examined the consistency of these associations over time, with the aim of assessing whether the significance of lifestyle variables as correlates of obesity increased over a 15-y period., DESIGN: Independent cross-sectional surveys were carried out in 1982, 1987, 1992, and 1997. Altogether, 24604 randomly selected men and women (aged 25-64 y) participated in these surveys. The subjects' weights and heights were measured, and data on lifestyle were collected with self-administered questionnaires., RESULTS: In men and women, perceived general health, leisure-time physical activity, and daily vegetable consumption were inversely associated with obesity, as were bread consumption in women and activity at work in men. Consumption of sausages, milk, and sour milk and heavy work (in women only) were positively associated with obesity. Obesity was also associated with alcohol consumption and smoking history. Most associations were constant over the 15-y period. However, the inverse associations of BMI with physical activity in women and with perceived health in men seemed to strengthen over time., CONCLUSIONS: A physically active lifestyle with abstention from smoking, moderate alcohol consumption, and consumption of healthy foods maximizes the chances of having a normal weight. The significance of avoiding sedentariness increases over time as a factor associated with normal weight.
Dose-response effects of a novel fat emulsion (Olibra) on energy and macronutrient intakes up to 36 h post-consumption.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the dose-response effects of a novel fat emulsion (Olibra) on energy and macronutrient intakes up to 36 h post-consumption in non-overweight subjects., DESIGN: A single-blind, placebo-controlled, within-subject cross-over design was used., SETTING: Metabolic suite of the University of Ulster, Coleraine., SUBJECTS: Fifty subjects (30 female, 20 male) from the student and staff population of the University of Ulster, Coleraine., INTERVENTIONS: Subjects were given in random order, 7 days apart, a 200 g portion of yoghurt containing a total of 15 g of fat, which varied in quantity of Olibra fat (0, 2, 4, 6 g) at 09:00 h. At 13:00 h subjects were given ad libitum access to a range of foods. Amounts of food consumed were measured by covert pre- and post-consumption weighing of individual serving dishes. For the remainder of the day and the following 24 h, subjects weighed and recorded all food intakes., RESULTS: Relative to the control yoghurt, mean energy (7.42 vs 5.83, 5.60, 5.24 MJ), fat (97.4 vs 74.4, 74.2, 67.5 g$$$ 48.8 vs 46.8, 48.9, 47.6% energy), protein (59.1 vs 50.0, 44.0, 40.8 g$$$ 13.2 vs 13.9, 12.9, 12.8% energy), and carbohydrate (171.5 vs 140.9, 130.2, 126.0 g$$$ 38.0 vs 39.3, 38.2, 39.6% energy), intakes were progressively reduced with increasing doses of Olibra fat in the total group (P<0.001). A similar response was observed in the female group up to 4 g (P<0.001) and in the male group after 2 and 6 g (P<0.05). Energy and macronutrient intakes for the remainder of each study day and over the following 24 h were significantly lower after all dose levels compared to the control (P<0.001)., CONCLUSION: The results suggest that Olibra fat reduced the effect of overeating during an ad libitum lunch meal and subsequent food intake up to 36 h post-consumption.
Fluctuations in human milk long-chain PUFA levels in relation to dietary fish intake.$$$ Within the Danish population, milk DHA (22:6n-3) levels vary by more than a factor of 10. This paper deals with fluctuations in the milk content of 22:6n-3 and other long-chain PUFA (LCPUFA) and the acute effects of fish meals and fish oil supplements on milk levels of LCPUFA. Twelve fish-eating mothers with 4-mon-old infants provided one blood and one adipose tissue sample, and seven consecutive morning hind-milk samples with dietary records from the previous days. Another 12 lactating women were given fish oil (2-8 g) for breakfast and delivered 6-12 milk samples during the following 24 h. The mean milk 22:6n-3 content of the fish-eating mothers was 0.57+/-0.28 FA% (= percentage of total area of FAME peaks in GLC) and the day-to-day variation (SD/mean) within the individual was 35+/-17%. Mean milk 22:6n-3 content on mornings with no fish the day before was 0.42+/-0.15 FA%$$$ this was increased by 82+/-17% (n = 9, P = 0.05) if the mother had eaten fatty fish. Fish oil resulted in a twofold increase in milk 22:6n-3 levels, which peaked after 10 h and lasted for 24 h. The EPA content of milk was also increased by fish meals and fish oil supplements, but these had no effect on the level of arachidonic acid. The study showed that diurnal and day-to-day fluctuations in levels of milk n-3 LCPUFA are large, which makes it difficult to assess the 22:6n-3 intake of breast-fed infants from a single milk sample. In studies of the functional outcome of dietary 22:6n-3 in breast-fed infants it is suggested also to use a measure of maternal 22:6n-3 status.
A randomized trial of supplementation with docosahexaenoic acid-rich tuna oil and its effects on the human milk cytokines interleukin 1 beta, interleukin 6, and tumor necrosis factor alpha.$$$ BACKGROUND: Increased consumption of n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) has been recommended during pregnancy and lactation. The production of proinflammatory cytokines by human peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) can be modified by dietary n-3 PUFAs., OBJECTIVE: We sought to determine whether dietary supplementation of lactating women with docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) can modulate the concentration of cytokines in the aqueous phase of human milk and the production of cytokines by human milk cells (HMCs) and PBMCs., DESIGN: In this double-blind, prospective, randomized trial, mothers of healthy full-term infants were asked to consume daily a nutritional supplement of 2000 mg oil containing either placebo (n = 40), 300 mg DHA + 70 mg eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA$$$ n = 40), or 600 mg DHA + 140 mg EPA (n = 40). The fatty acid composition of plasma, PBMCs, milk, and HMCs from lactating mothers at 4 wk postpartum was measured by gas chromatography. The concentration of interleukin 6 and tumor necrosis factor alpha in milk and the production of interleukin 1beta, tumor necrosis factor alpha, and interleukin 6 by PBMCs and HMCs after stimulation with lipopolysaccharide was measured by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay., RESULTS: At 4 wk postpartum, 82 mothers were still breast-feeding their infants. DHA increases in maternal plasma, PBMCs, milk, and HMCs were proportional to dietary DHA. There was no relation between tissue DHA status and cytokine concentrations., CONCLUSIONS: Consumption of < or = 600 mg DHA and 140 mg EPA/d for 4 wk increased n-3 PUFA concentrations in relevant tissues but did not cause perturbations in cytokine concentrations in human milk.
Maternal supplementation with CLA decreases milk fat in humans.$$$ CLA refers to isomers of octadecadienoic acid with conjugated double bonds. The most abundant form of CLA (rumenic acid (RA): c9,t11-18:2) is found in milk and beef fat. Further, CLA supplements containing RA and t10,c12-18:2 are now available. Consumption of commercially produced CLA has been shown to decrease adipose accretion in growing laboratory and production animals and cause milk fat depression in cows. We tested the hypothesis that CLA supplementation would increase milk CLA concentration and decrease milk fat content in humans. Breastfeeding women (n = 9) participated in this double-blind, placebo-controlled, crossover study divided into three periods: intervention I (5 d), washout (7 d), and intervention II (5 d). Women were randomized to treatment order. During each intervention period, women consumed 1.5 g of CLA supplement or placebo (olive oil) daily$$$ during the washout period, no supplements were consumed. Milk was collected by complete breast expression on the final day of each period$$$ milk output was estimated by 24-h weighing on the penultimate day of each intervention period. Milk RA and t10,c12-18:2 concentrations were greater (P < 0.05) during the CLA treatment period as compared to the placebo period. Milk fat content was significantly lower during the CLA treatment, as compared to the placebo treatment (P < 0.05). Data indicate no effect of treatment on milk output. Therefore, it would be prudent that lactating women not consume commercially available CLA supplements at this time.
Acute effects of ingestion of black tea on postprandial platelet aggregation in human subjects.$$$ Results of population studies suggest that black tea can reduce cardiovascular risk. Effects of black-tea polyphenols to reduce platelet aggregability may help to explain any benefits. Given that black tea is often consumed with and after meals, and man spends much of his life in the postprandial state, the objective of the present study was to investigate the acute effects of ingestion of black tea on postprandial platelet aggregation ex vivo. Twenty healthy participants had platelet aggregation and blood lipids assessed before and 4 h after the ingestion of 50 g dairy fat on two occasions in random order, corresponding to black tea or hot water. Black tea or hot water (one cup) was consumed immediately following the dairy fat, then after 15 and 30 h. Platelet aggregation ex vivo was assessed in platelet-rich plasma in response to three concentrations of collagen (0.2, 0.6, 20 microg/ml) and ADP (2, 4, 8 microM). Urinary concentrations of 4-O-methylgallic acid were used as an indicator that tea polyphenols were absorbed. Serum total cholesterol and triacylglycerol concentrations increased significantly 4 h after ingesting the dairy fat, but there was no significant difference between black tea and hot-water treatments on the cholesterol or triacylglycerol responses. Urinary 4-O-methylgallic acid concentrations were significantly increased following ingestion of black tea (P=0.0001) but not water. Black tea in comparison to hot water did not inhibit collagen or ADP-induced postprandial platelet aggregation. The results of this study do not support the suggestion that reduced postprandial platelet aggregability contributes to any benefits of black tea on cardiovascular risk.
Cognitive research enhances accuracy of food frequency questionnaire reports: results of an experimental validation study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To test whether changing a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) on the basis of cognitive theory and testing results in greater accuracy. Accuracy was examined for 4 design issues: a) Grouping: asking about foods in a single vs multiple separate questions$$$ b) different forms of a food: asking consumption frequency of each form of a food (eg, skim, 2%, whole milk) vs a nesting approach--asking frequency of the main food (eg, milk) and proportion of times each form was consumed$$$ c) additions (eg, sugar to coffee): asking independent of the main food vs nested under the main foods$$$ d) units: asking frequency and portion size vs frequency of units (eg, cups of coffee)., DESIGN: Participants in two randomly assigned groups completed 30 consecutive daily food reports (DFRs), followed by 1 of 2 FFQs that asked about foods consumed in the past month. One was a new, cognitively-based National Cancer Institute (NCI) Diet History Questionnaire$$$ the other was the 1992 NCI-Block Health Habits and History Questionnaire., SUBJECTS/SETTING: 623 participants, age range 25 to 70 years, from metropolitan Washington, DC. Statistical analyses performed Accuracy was assessed by comparing DFR and FFQ responses using categorical (percent agreement) and continuous (rank order correlation, discrepancy scores) agreement statistics., RESULTS: Grouping: accuracy was greater using separate questions. Different forms of food: accuracy was greater using nesting. Additions: neither approach was consistently superior$$$ accuracy of the addition report was affected by accuracy of the main food report. Units: both approaches were similarly accurate., CONCLUSIONS: Accuracy of FFQ reporting can be improved by restructuring questions based on cognitive theory and testing.
Effects of phytosterol ester-enriched margarine on plasma lipoproteins in mild to moderate hypercholesterolemia are related to basal cholesterol and fat intake.$$$ Dietary phytosterols have been reported to lower total and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol. However, less is known about the influence of cholesterol and fat intake on the cholesterol-lowering effect of esterified phytosterols in mild to moderate hypercholesterolemia. Sixty-three healthy subjects (38 women, 25 men, 42 +/- 11 years, LDL cholesterol > 130 mg/dL) were investigated in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, cross-over study. A total of 20 g/d of a phytosterol ester-enriched margarine (1.82 g/d of phytosterols) was compared with a control margarine (0.06 g/d of phytosterols). After 3 weeks of intake, participants crossed over to the other margarine. A 3-day dietary recall was performed at the beginning and at the end of the study to assess cholesterol, fat, and energy intake. Phytosterol ester-enriched margarine significantly changed total cholesterol (-3.4%, P <.005), LDL cholesterol (-5.4%, P <.001, 144 +/- 28 v 154 +/- 26 mg/dL), high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol (+3.4%, P <.05), apolipoprotein B (-4.0%, P <.005), and LDL/HDL cholesterol ratio (-7.8%, P <.001) compared with the control margarine. In the tertiles with the highest dietary intake of cholesterol, energy, total fat, and saturated fatty acids, and with the highest baseline proportion of campesterol to cholesterol, LDL cholesterol reduction was 11.6% (P <.001), 9.5% (P =.001), 9.4% (P =.001), 8.4% (P =.005), and 6.2% (P =.014), respectively. Triglycerides, plasma viscosity, and fibrinogen concentration did not change significantly. The improvements of LDL, HDL, total cholesterol, apolipoprotein B concentrations, and LDL/HDL cholesterol ratio during the daily consumption of a phytosterol ester-enriched margarine were most marked in those subjects with a high dietary intake of cholesterol, energy, total fat, and saturated fatty acids and with high baseline cholesterol absorption. Copyright 2002 by W.B. Saunders Company
Kefir consumption does not alter plasma lipid levels or cholesterol fractional synthesis rates relative to milk in hyperlipidemic men: a randomized controlled trial [ISRCTN10820810].$$$ BACKGROUND: Fermented milk products have been shown to affect serum cholesterol concentrations in humans. Kefir, a fermented milk product, has been traditionally consumed for its potential health benefits but has to date not been studied for its hypocholesterolemic properties., METHODS: Thirteen healthy mildly hypercholesterolemic male subjects consumed a dairy supplement in randomized crossover trial for 2 periods of 4 wk each. Subjects were blinded to the dairy supplement consumed. Blood samples were collected at baseline and after 4 wk of supplementation for measurement of plasma total, low-density lipoprotein, and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglyceride concentrations, as well as fatty acid profile and cholesterol synthesis rate. Fecal samples were collected at baseline and after 2 and 4 wk of supplementation for determination of fecal short chain fatty acid level and bacterial content., RESULTS: Kefir had no effect on total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol or triglyceride concentrations nor on cholesterol fractional synthesis rates after 4 wk of supplementation. No significant change on plasma fatty acid levels was observed with diet. However, both kefir and milk increased (p < 0.05) fecal isobutyric, isovaleric and propionic acids as well as the total amount of fecal short chain fatty acids. Kefir supplementation resulted in increased fecal bacterial content in the majority of the subjects., CONCLUSIONS: Since kefir consumption did not result in lowered plasma lipid concentrations, the results of this study do not support consumption of kefir as a cholesterol-lowering agent.
Effects of plant stanol esters supplied in low-fat yoghurt on serum lipids and lipoproteins, non-cholesterol sterols and fat soluble antioxidant concentrations.$$$ Oil-based products enriched with plant stanol esters can lower low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol concentrations by 10-14%. Effectiveness of low-fat products, however, has never been evaluated, although such products fit into a healthy diet. We therefore examined the effects of plant stanol esters emulsified into low-fat yoghurt (0.7% fat) on fasting concentrations of plasma lipids and lipid-soluble antioxidants, which may also change by plant stanol consumption. Sixty non-hypercholesterolemic subjects first consumed daily three cups (3 x 150 ml) of placebo yoghurt for 3 weeks. For the next 4 weeks, 30 subjects continued with the placebo yoghurt, while the other 30 subjects received three cups of experimental yoghurt. Each cup provided 1 g of plant stanols (0.71 g sitostanol plus 0.29 g campestanol) as its fatty acid ester. LDL cholesterol (mean+/-S.D.) increased by 0.06+/-0.21 mmol/l in the placebo group, but decreased by -0.34+/-0.30 mmol/l in the experimental group. The difference in changes between the two groups of 0.40 mmol or 13.7% was highly significant (P<0.001$$$ 95% confidence interval for the difference, (-)0.26 -(-)0.53 mmol/l). Effects were already maximal after 1 week. HDL cholesterol and triacylglycerol concentrations did not change. Total tocopherol levels increased by 1.43 micromol/mmol LDL cholesterol (14.0%, P=0.015). beta-carotene levels, however, decreased by -0.02 micromol/mmol LDL cholesterol (-14.4%, P=0.038). Decreases in absolute beta-carotene concentrations were found in all apoB-containing lipoproteins. LDL-cholesterol standardised phytofluene levels decreased by 21.4+/-25.7% (P<0.001), while other plasma carotenoid (lutein/zeaxanthin, beta-cryptoxanthin, lycopene and alpha-carotene) levels did not change significantly. We conclude that low-fat yoghurt enriched with plant stanol esters lowers within 1 week LDL cholesterol to the same extent as oil-based products. LDL-cholesterol standardised concentrations of tocopherol increased. The observed decrease in beta-carotene levels, as found in many other studies, appears not to be limited to the LDL fraction.
Serum cholesterol response to replacing butter with a new trans-free margarine in hypercholesterolemic subjects.$$$ UNLABELLED: Margarine leads to lower total and LDL cholesterol (LDL-C) levels than butter but may contain trans fatty acids that increase atherogenic lipids. A food company has used data concerning the cholesterolemic effects of individual fatty acids, including trans fatty acids, to develop a commercially available and virtually trans-free margarine., OBJECTIVE: The effect of this novel margarine on serum lipids and lipoproteins was compared with that of butter in free-living, hypercholesterolemic subjects., DESIGN AND SETTING: A two-period, outpatient cross-over trial at a university hospital lipid clinic., SUBJECTS: The study involved 77 subjects, and was completed by 53 men and 19 women aged 35-65 years with total serum cholesterol levels of between 6.0 and 7.9 mmol/L., INTERVENTION: Two 23-day regimens, separated by a 4-week washout period, included individualised dietary prescriptions supplemented with butter or margarine designed to provide 15% of total dietary energy., RESULTS: In comparison with butter, margarine intake lowered total and LDL-C levels by respectively 11.1% (99% CI: 8.1-14.1) and 11.3% (99% CI: 7.6-15.1). The reduction in LDL-C was < 3% in nearly one-fifth of the subjects despite appropriate changes in serum triglyceride fatty acids. Of the tested clinical and demographic variables, only the percentage of energy obtained from saturated fat during the margarine intake period was associated with dietary responsiveness (explaining 12% of the variation$$$ p < 0.01)., CONCLUSION: Our results suggest that a margarine designed to meet nutritional recommendations for hypercholesterolemia is more efficacious than butter in reducing atherogenic lipid levels in hypercholesterolemic subjects.
Cholesterol-lowering effects of plant sterol esters and non-esterified stanols in margarine, butter and low-fat foods.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To determine the efficacy on plasma cholesterol-lowering of plant sterol esters or non-esterified stanols eaten within low-fat foods as well as margarine., DESIGN: Randomised, controlled, single-blind study with sterol esters and non-esterified plant stanols provided in breakfast cereal, bread and spreads. Study 1 comprised 12 weeks during which sterol esters (2.4 g) and stanol (2.4 g)-containing foods were eaten during 4 week test periods of cross-over design following a 4 week control food period. In Study 2, in a random order cross-over design, a 50% dairy fat spread with or without 2.4 g sterol esters daily was tested., SUBJECTS: Hypercholesterolaemic subjects$$$ 22 in study 1 and 15 in study 2., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Plasma lipids, plasma sterols, plasma carotenoids and tocopherols., RESULTS: Study 1-median LDL cholesterol was reduced by the sterol esters (-13.6%$$$ P<0.001 by ANOVA on ranks$$$ P<0.05 by pairwise comparison) and by stanols (-8.3%$$$ P=0.003, ANOVA and <0.05 pairwise comparison). With sterol esters plasma plant sterol levels rose (35% for sitosterol, 51% for campesterol$$$ P<0.001)$$$ plasma lathosterol rose 20% (P=0.03), indicating compensatory increased cholesterol synthesis. With stanols, plasma sitosterol fell 22% (P=0.004), indicating less cholesterol absorption. None of the four carotenoids measured in plasma changed significantly. In study 2, median LDL cholesterol rose 6.5% with dairy spread and fell 12.2% with the sitosterol ester fortified spread (P=0.03 ANOVA and <5% pairwise comparison)., CONCLUSION: 1. Plant sterol esters and non-esterified stanols, two-thirds of which were incorporated into low-fat foods, contributed effectively to LDL cholesterol lowering, extending the range of potential foods. 2. The LDL cholesterol-raising effect of butter fat could be countered by including sterol esters. 3. Plasma carotenoids and tocopherols were not reduced in this study., SPONSORSHIP: Meadow Lea Foods, Australia.
The glycaemic index values of Vietnamese foods.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine and compare the glycaemic index (GI) values of a range of Vietnamese foods in two racial groups., DESIGN AND SUBJECTS: Twelve healthy subjects (six Asian and six Caucasian) consumed 50 g carbohydrate portions of a reference food (glucose sugar) and nine Vietnamese foods (three rices, three noodle products and three sweet foods) in random order after an overnight fast. The reference food was tested on two separate occasions, and the Vietnamese foods were each tested once. Capillary blood samples were taken at time 0 (fasting), 15, 30, 45, 60, 90 and 120 min from the start of each meal. Samples were analysed for plasma glucose and the incremental areas under the plasma glucose curves (AUC) were used to calculate the GI values of the test foods, using glucose as the reference food (ie GI value of glucose=100). The mean GI value of each food was calculated for the entire group of subjects (n=12) and for both racial groups (n=6)., RESULTS: The three rices had surprisingly high GI values (86-109), whereas the noodle products had relatively low GI values (39-61). The sugar-rich foods produced intermediate GI values (54-79). The GI values for the nine foods calculated separately for the two racial groups were not significantly different from each other (P=0.26)., CONCLUSIONS: The GI values derived from Caucasian subjects are likely to be applicable to Asian populations. Varieties of imported rice from Thailand were found to have high GI values. Alternative low-GI staples, such as rice noodles, may be preferable for Asian/Vietnamese people with diabetes., SPONSORSHIP: This study was funded by the University of Sydney.
Enhancement of immunity in the elderly by dietary supplementation with the probiotic Bifidobacterium lactis HN019.$$$ BACKGROUND: The aging process can lead to a decline in cellular immunity. Therefore, the elderly could benefit from safe and effective interventions that restore cellular immune functions., OBJECTIVE: We determined whether dietary supplementation with the known immunostimulating probiotic Bifidobacterium lactis HN019 could enhance aspects of cellular immunity in elderly subjects., DESIGN: Thirty healthy elderly volunteers (age range: 63-84 y$$$ median: 69 y) participated in a 3-stage dietary supplementation trial lasting 9 wk. During stage 1 (run-in), subjects consumed low-fat milk (200 mL twice daily for 3 wk) as a base-diet control. During stage 2 (intervention), they consumed milk supplemented with B. lactis HN019 in a typical dose (5 x 10(10) organisms/d) or a low dose (5 x 10(9) organisms/d) for 3 wk. During stage 3 (washout), they consumed low-fat milk for 3 wk. Changes in the relative proportions of leukocyte subsets and ex vivo leukocyte phagocytic and tumor-cell-killing activity were determined longitudinally by assaying peripheral blood samples., RESULTS: Increases in the proportions of total, helper (CD4(+)), and activated (CD25(+)) T lymphocytes and natural killer cells were measured in the subjects' blood after consumption of B. lactis HN019. The ex vivo phagocytic capacity of mononuclear and polymorphonuclear phagocytes and the tumoricidal activity of natural killer cells were also elevated after B. lactis HN019 consumption. The greatest changes in immunity were found in subjects who had poor pretreatment immune responses. In general, the 2 doses of B. lactis HN019 had similar effectiveness., CONCLUSION: B. lactis HN019 could be an effective probiotic dietary supplement for enhancing some aspects of cellular immunity in the elderly.
Hydrogenated fat consumption affects acylation-stimulating protein levels and cholesterol esterification rates in moderately hypercholesterolemic women.$$$ To determine whether hydrogenated fat consumption alters triglyceride metabolism and cholesterol esterification rates, 14 women (65-71 years of age) were provided with each of four diets for 5-week periods according to a randomized cross-over design. The experimental diets contained either soybean oil (SO), low trans squeeze (SQM), medium trans tub (TM), or high trans stick (SM) margarines. Triglyceride uptake by adipose tissue was determined by measuring plasma acylation-stimulating protein (ASP), FFA, glucose, and insulin levels, while rates of transfer and esterification rate of newly synthesized cholesterol (ER) were derived by using plasma CETP levels and the deuterium incorporation methodology. Plasma ASP levels were lowest (P < 0.05) in subjects on the SM diet (33.4 +/- 12.7 nM) compared with the SO (48.7 +/- 17.0 nM) and SQM (50.7 +/- 15.7 nM) diets. Conversely, FFA were highest (P < 0.05) on the SM diet (0.86 +/- 0.45 mM) relative to all the other diets. No differences were observed in plasma glucose and insulin levels among diets. A trend toward higher CETP levels after consumption of the SM diet was observed. However, the ER was lowest (P < 0.05) after the SM (0.111 +/- 0.062 g x day(-1)) diet and highest after consumption of the SQM (0.216 +/- 0.123 g x day(-1)) diet. In addition, ASP levels were negatively correlated with FFA (r = -0.63, P < 0.05), LDL cholesterol (r = -0.56, P < 0.05), and TG (r = -0.41, P < 0.05), whereas FFA was positively correlated with apolipoprotein B-containing lipoproteins (r = 0.58 and 0.47, for VLDL and LDL cholesterol, P < 0.05), and negatively correlated with HDL cholesterol (r = -0.51, P < 0.05). The ER was found to positively correlate with HDL cholesterol and HDL2 subfraction (r = 0.53 and 0.45, respectively, P < 0.05). Taken together, these data demonstrate that the alterations in circulating lipid levels, commonly observed with consumption of hydrogenated fat-rich diets, can be explained in part by changes in ASP activity as well as newly synthesized cholesterol ER.
Similar effects on infants of n-3 and n-6 fatty acids supplementation to pregnant and lactating women.$$$ OBJECTIVE: There have been indications that high intake of n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) during pregnancy may increase birth weight and gestational length. In addition, n-3 long-chain PUFAs may be important for the neurobiological development of the infants. High levels of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6 n-3) are found in the gray matter of the cerebral cortex and in the retina, and it seems as if the availability of long-chain PUFAs may be limiting cerebral development. The fetus and the newborn are dependent on a high supply from their mothers, either via the placenta or via breast milk. We supplemented pregnant and lactating women with n-3 or n-6 long-chain PUFAs to evaluate the effect on birth weight, gestational length, and infant development., DESIGN: We performed a double-blind, randomized study recruiting 590 pregnant, healthy, nulli- or primiparous women (19-35 years old) in weeks 17 to 19 of pregnancy. The women were provided 10 mL of either cod liver oil or corn oil daily until 3 months after delivery., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Primary outcomes were gestational length and birth weight. Electroencephalography (EEG) was done on the second day of life and at 3 months of age. Novelty preference (Fagan test) was used as an indicator of cognitive function at 6 and 9 months of age. The fatty acid pattern in umbilical plasma phospholipids and in breast milk was measured, and dietary assessments were performed, both on the mothers during pregnancy and on the infants at 3 months of age. The growth of the infants was followed up to 1 year of age., RESULTS: Three hundred forty-one mothers took part in the study until delivery. There were no significant differences in maternal body mass index before pregnancy and at birth, or parity between the 2 groups. Smoking habits and parental education were also similar in the 2 groups. The mean age of the mothers receiving cod liver oil was, by chance, 1 year higher than the age of the mothers receiving corn oil (28.6 [3.4] vs 27.6 [3.2] years). The maternal dietary intake in the 2 groups receiving cod liver oil or corn oil was similar, except for the supplementation. There were no differences in gestational length or birth weight between the cod liver oil group and the corn oil group (279.6 [9.2] vs 279.2 [9.3] days$$$ 3609 [493] vs 3618 [527] g, respectively). Birth length, head circumference, and placental weight were also similar in the 2 groups. The concentrations of the n-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (20:5 n-3), docosapentaenoic acid (22:5 n-3), and DHA in umbilical plasma phospholipids were higher in the cod liver oil group compared with the corn oil group (10.8 [7.6] vs 2.5 [1.8] microg/mL, 5.0 [2.6] vs 2.9 [1.3] microg/mL, 55.8 [20.6] vs 45.3 [12.8] microg/mL, respectively). Neonates with high concentration of DHA in umbilical plasma phospholipids (upper quartile) had longer gestational length than neonates with low concentration (lower quartile$$$ 282.5 [8.5] vs 275.4 [9.3] days). No differences in EEG scores or Fagan scores were found, but neonates with mature EEG (N = 70) had a higher concentration of DHA in umbilical plasma phospholipids than neonates with immature EEG (N = 51) on the second day of life. Dietary information from 251 infants at 3 months of age was collected and 85% of these infants were exclusively breastfed, in addition to 12% who were partly breastfed. The breast milk of mothers supplemented with cod liver oil contained more n-3 long-chain PUFAs and less n-6 long-chain PUFAs than breast milk of mothers supplemented with corn oil. There were no significant differences in infant growth during the first year of life between the 2 groups., CONCLUSIONS: This study shows neither harmful nor beneficial effects of maternal supplementation of long-chain n-3 PUFAs regarding pregnancy outcome, cognitive development, or growth, as compared with supplementation with n-6 fatty acids. However, it confirms that DHA concentration may be related to gestational length and cerebral maturation of the newborn.
The effects of yoghurt containing a novel fat emulsion on energy and macronutrient intakes in non-overweight, overweight and obese subjects.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effects of a yoghurt containing a novel fat emulsion on energy and macronutrient intakes up to 8 h post-consumption in non-overweight, overweight and obese subjects, and to assess energy compensation over the following 24 h., DESIGN: A double-blind, placebo-controlled, within-subject crossover design was used. Twenty (10 female, 10 male) non-overweight (body mass index (BMI) 20-24.9 kg/m(2)), 20 (10 female, 10 male) overweight (BMI 25-29.9 kg/m(2)) and 20 (13 female, 7 male) obese (BMI>30 kg/m(2)) subjects participated in the study. Subjects were given in random order, 7 days apart, either a 200 g portion of a test (5 g of a novel fat emulsion+1 g milk fat) or control (6 g milk fat) yoghurt at 09:00 h. At 4 and 8 h post-consumption subjects were given ad libitum access to a range of foods. Amounts of food consumed were determined by pre and post-covert weighing of individual serving dishes. Over the following 24 h subjects weighed and recorded all food intakes., RESULTS: Mean energy intakes were significantly lower after the test yoghurt compared with the control yoghurt in non-overweight (3.79 vs 5.43 MJ$$$ P<0.01) and overweight (4.43 vs 6.12 MJ$$$ P<0.001) subjects 4 h post-consumption and in non-overweight (3.82 vs 5.38 MJ$$$ P<0.001), overweight (3.94 vs 5.80 MJ$$$ P<0.001) and obese (4.91 vs 6.26 MJ$$$ P<0.01) subjects 8 h post-consumption. The corresponding macronutrient intakes were also significantly reduced in non-overweight and overweight subjects (P<0.01) at 4 h post-consumption and in all subjects 8 h post-consumption (P<0.01). In the total group, energy intakes over the following 24 h were also significantly reduced (6.35 vs 7.70 MJ$$$ P<0.01) after the test yoghurt relative to the control yoghurt., CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that the effects of this novel fat emulsion are maintained at least up to 8 h and are evident in non-overweight, overweight and obese subjects.
Dairy products, calcium, and prostate cancer risk in the Physicians' Health Study.$$$ BACKGROUND: A high calcium intake, mainly from dairy products, may increase prostate cancer risk by lowering concentrations of 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D(3) [1,25(OH)(2)D(3)], a hormone thought to protect against prostate cancer. The results of epidemiologic studies of this hypothesis are inconclusive., OBJECTIVE: We investigated the association between dairy product and calcium intakes and prostate cancer risk in the Physicians' Health Study, a cohort of male US physicians., DESIGN: At baseline, the men answered abbreviated dietary questionnaires. During 11 y of follow-up, we documented 1012 incident cases of prostate cancer among 20885 men. We estimated dairy calcium intake on the basis of consumption of 5 major dairy products and used logistic regression to estimate relative risk., RESULTS: At baseline, men who consumed >600 mg Ca/d from skim milk had lower plasma 1,25(OH)(2)D(3) concentrations than did those consuming < or =150 mg Ca/d [71 compared with 85 pmol/L (30.06 compared with 35.64 pg/mL)$$$ P = 0.005]. Compared with men consuming 2.5 servings had a multivariate relative risk of prostate cancer of 1.34 (95% CI: 1.04, 1.71) after adjustment for baseline age, body mass index, smoking, exercise, and randomized treatment assignment in the original placebo-controlled trial. Compared with men consuming 600 mg/d had a 32% higher risk of prostate cancer (95% CI: 1.08, 1.63)., CONCLUSIONS: These results support the hypothesis that dairy products and calcium are associated with a greater risk of prostate cancer.
Plant sterol-enriched margarine lowers plasma LDL in hyperlipidemic subjects with low cholesterol intake: effect of fibrate treatment.$$$ Phytosterols, found in fat-soluble fractions of plants, chemically resemble cholesterol and inhibit cholesterol absorption in the small intestine. Phytosterol consumption in human subjects reduces plasma total and low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) levels. The primary aim of this study was to determine the efficacy of a low-fat spread enriched with plant sterols in reducing total and LDL-C concentrations in primary hypercholesterolemia. The secondary objective was to evaluate whether patients receiving a lipid-lowering drug (fibrate) might differ in their response to plant sterols. The study was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled two-period cross-over trial with two treatments and three periods. Both treatment periods lasted 2 months, with a washout period (2 months) between them. Spread enriched with plant sterols was compared to non-enriched control spread. Fortified fat spread provided 1.6 g/day of plant sterols derived from edible vegetable oils and fatty acids from sunflower seed oil. The plant sterol content consisted of sitosterol esters (50%), campesterol esters (25%), stigmasterol esters (20%) and 10% of other esters. Data in 53 hypercholesterolemic patients (31 females and 22 males) who completed the study were as follows: patients were 58+/-12 years of age with mean body mass index 23.5+/-2.8 kg/m2 (mean+/-SD). No adverse side-effects of the diet were reported. Plasma total cholesterol and LDL-C concentrations were significantly reduced by 6.4% and 8.8%, respectively, after using the spread enriched in plant sterols, as compared to controls (0.0% and 1.3%, respectively). No effect on high density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) and lipoprotein(a) concentrations was detected. When subjects were divided in two subgroups according to fibrate treatment, supplementation with phytosterols decreased plasma cholesterol and LDL-C by 8.5% and 11.1%, respectively in the subgroup of patients treated with fibrates. In the group of patients who did not receive fibrates, consumption of plant sterol margarine reduced plasma cholesterol and LDL-C by 5.5% and 7.7%, respectively. Spread enriched with plant sterol esters significantly lowers blood total and LDL-C levels without affecting HDL-C concentrations, in a hypercholesterolemic population following a strict low cholesterol diet (NCEP step1). In addition, a combination of fibrate treatment and plant sterol ester-supplemented spread offers a safe and effective measure to significantly decrease abnormally high cholesterol levels. We conclude that phytosterol-enriched spread is a useful adjunctive therapy for hypercholesterolemic patients.
Cholesterol-lowering effect of spreads enriched with microcrystalline plant sterols in hypercholesterolemic subjects.$$$ BACKGROUND: Plant sterols have been shown to reduce serum lipid concentrations. The effectiveness is highly dependent on the physical state of the plant sterols. By means of a new crystallizing method, plant sterols can be added into dietary fats and oils homogeneously. In this fat ingredient, plant sterols are in a microcrystalline form., AIMS OF THE STUDY: We investigated the cholesterol-lowering effect and possible side effects of vegetable oil-based spreads fortified with two different doses of microcrystalline plant sterols., METHODS: This double-blind randomized, placebo-controlled study consisted of a 6-wk run-in and a 6-month experimental period. During the run-in period, all 155 hypercholesterolemic subjects received rapeseed oil-based control spread. In the beginning of the experimental period subjects were randomly assigned into one of three experimental groups. The control group continued to use control spread, and the two test groups used spreads with added plant sterols of either 1.5 g/d or 3.0 g/d. The subjects consumed test spreads as a part of their normal diet without any restrictions in lifestyle and diet., RESULTS: Plasma total- and LDL-cholesterol concentrations were significantly reduced by 7.5-11.6% (0.46-0.62 mmol/1) in groups consuming margarine enriched with free plant sterols, compared with the control group. The effects were similar between the two groups consuming either 1.5g or 3.0 g plant sterols per day. No effect on HDL-cholesterol or triacylglycerol concentrations occurred. The test spreads did not induce any adverse effects in blood clinical chemistry, hematology or decreases in serum concentrations of lipid soluble vitamins., CONCLUSIONS: Microcrystalline plant sterols are effective in lowering serum total- and LDL-cholesterol concentrations without obvious side effects. The daily dose of 1.5 g plant sterols is enough to reach the maximum effect.
DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) diet is effective treatment for stage 1 isolated systolic hypertension.$$$ Use of the DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) diet, which is rich in fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy foods, significantly lowers blood pressure. Among the 459 participants in the DASH Trial, 72 had stage 1 isolated systolic hypertension (ISH) (systolic blood pressure, 140 to 159 mm Hg$$$ diastolic blood pressure, <90 mm Hg). We examined the blood pressure response in these 72 participants to determine whether the DASH diet is an effective treatment for stage 1 ISH. After a 3-week run-in period on a typical American (control) diet, participants were randomly assigned for 8 weeks to 1 of 3 diets: a continuation of the control diet (n=25), a diet rich in fruits and vegetables (n=24), or the DASH diet (n=23). Sodium content was the same in the 3 diets, and caloric intake was adjusted during the trial to prevent weight change. Blood pressure was measured at baseline and at the end of the 8-week intervention period with standard sphygmomanometry. Use of the DASH diet significantly lowered systolic blood pressure compared with the control diet (-11.2 mm Hg$$$ 95% confidence interval, -6.1 to -16.2 mm Hg$$$ P<0.001) and the fruits/vegetables diet (-8.0 mm Hg$$$ 95% confidence interval, -2.5 to -13.4 mm Hg$$$ P<0.01). Overall, blood pressure in the DASH group fell from 146/85 to 134/82 mm Hg. Similar results were observed with 24-hour ambulatory blood pressure measurements. In the DASH diet group, 18 of 23 participants (78%) reduced their systolic blood pressure to <140 mm Hg, compared with 24% and 50% in the control and fruits/vegetables groups, respectively. Our results indicate that the DASH diet, which is rich in fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy foods, is effective as first-line therapy in stage 1 ISH.
Dietary probiotic supplementation enhances natural killer cell activity in the elderly: an investigation of age-related immunological changes.$$$ Many elderly subjects are at increased risk of infectious and noninfectious diseases due to an age-related decline in lymphoid cell activity (immunosenescence). Noninvasive means of enhancing cellular immunity are therefore desirable in the elderly. Previous reports have suggested that dietary supplementation could represent an effective means of enhancing the activity of circulating natural killer (NK) cells in the elderly. In the present study, we have conducted a pre-post intervention trial to determine the impact of dietary supplementation with probiotic lactic acid bacteria (LAB) on peripheral blood NK cell activity in healthy elderly subjects. Twenty-seven volunteers consumed low-fat/low-lactose milk supplemented with known immunostimulatory LAB strains (Lactobacillus rhamnosus HN001 or Bifidobacterium lactis HN019) for a period of 3 weeks. A dietary run-in of milk alone was shown to have no significant effect on NK cells. In contrast, the proportion of CD56-positive lymphocytes in peripheral circulation was higher following consumption of either LAB strain, and ex vivo PBMC tumoricidal activity against K562 cells was also increased. Supplementation with HN001 or HN019 increased tumoricidal activity by an average of 101 and 62%, respectively$$$ these increases were significantly correlated with age, with subjects older than 70 years experiencing significantly greater improvements than those under 70 years. These results demonstrate that dietary consumption of probiotic LAB in a milk-based diet may offer benefit to elderly consumers to combat some of the deleterious effects of immunosenescence on cellular immunity.
Effects of yoghurt enriched with plant sterols on serum lipids in patients with moderate hypercholesterolaemia.$$$ The objective of the present study was to assess the effect of consumption of a yoghurt-based drink enriched with 1-2 g plant sterols/d on serum lipids, transaminases, vitamins and hormone status in patients with primary moderate hypercholesterolaemia. Thirty patients were randomly assigned to one of two treatment groups: a low-fat low-lactose yoghurt-based drink enriched with 1 g plant sterol extracted from soyabean/d v. a low-fat low-lactose yoghurt, for a period of 4 weeks. After a 2-week wash-out period, patients were crossed over for an additional 4-week period. Second, after a 4-week wash-out period, eleven patients were treated with 2 g plant sterols/d in a second open part of the study for a period of 8 weeks. The yoghurt enriched with plant sterols significantly reduced, in a dose-dependent manner, serum total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol levels and LDL-cholesterol:HDL-cholesterol (P<0.001), whereas no changes were observed in HDL-cholesterol and triacylglycerol levels, either in the first or the second part of the study. There were only slight, not statistically significant, differences in serum transaminase, vitamin and hormone levels. To conclude, a low-fat yoghurt-based drink moderately enriched with plant sterols may lower total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol effectively in patients with primary moderate hypercholesterolaemia.
Dermatitis during radiation for vulvar carcinoma: prevention and treatment with granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor impregnated gauze.$$$ The aim of this study was to determine the effectiveness of granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF) impregnated gauze in preventing or healing radiation-induced dermatitis. Sixty-one patients were irradiated for vulvar carcinoma. Thirty-seven applied steroid cream at irradiated areas throughout radiotherapy (Group A) and 24 patients applied additionally GM-CSF impregnated gauze (40 micrcog/cm2 of skin-irradiated area, twice per day) in addition to the steroid cream, after 20 Gy of irradiation (Group B). The score of skin reactions (P=0.008, chi2 test) and the time interval of radiotherapy interruption (P=0.037, Mann-Whitney U test) were statistically significantly reduced in Group B patients. Multivariate analysis of variance showed for this group not only a significant reduction in the Sum of Gross Dermatitis Scoring (P<0.001, adjusted for Duration of Dermatitis) but also a significant reduction of the healing time (P=0.02, adjusted for Sum of Gross Dermatitis Scoring). The pain grading was less (P=0.014, chi2 test) and pain reduction was noticed sooner after the application of GM-CSF impregnated gauze (P=0.0017, Mann-Whitney U test). Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that the only significant effect on dermatitis score is due to Body Mass Index (P=0.034) and the application of GM-CSF (P=0.008). GM-CSF impregnated gauze can be effective in preventing and healing radiation-induced dermatitis and in reducing the interruption intervals of radiotherapy for vulvar carcinomas.
Replacement of dietary saturated fatty acids by trans fatty acids lowers serum HDL cholesterol and impairs endothelial function in healthy men and women.$$$ We tested whether trans fatty acids and saturated fatty acids had different effects on flow-mediated vasodilation (FMD), a risk marker of coronary heart disease (CHD). Consumption of trans fatty acids is related to increased risk of CHD, probably through effects on lipoproteins. Trans fatty acids differ from most saturated fatty acids because they decrease serum high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, and this may increase the risk of CHD. We fed 29 volunteers 2 controlled diets in a 2x4-week randomized crossover design. The "Trans-diet" contained 9.2 energy percent of trans fatty acids$$$ these were replaced by saturated fatty acids in the "Sat-diet." Mean serum HDL cholesterol after the Trans-diet was 0.39 mmol/L (14.8 mg/dL), or 21% lower than after the Sat-diet (95% CI 0.28 to 0.50 mmol/L). Serum low density lipoprotein and triglyceride concentrations were stable. FMD+SD was 4.4+/-2.3% after the Trans-diet and 6.2+/-3.0% after the Sat-diet (difference -1.8%, 95% CI -3.2 to -0.4). Replacement of dietary saturated fatty acids by trans fatty acids impaired FMD of the brachial artery, which suggests increased risk of CHD. Further studies are needed to test whether the decrease in serum HDL cholesterol caused the impairment of FMD.
Effects on blood lipids of a blood pressure-lowering diet: the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) Trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Effects of diet on blood lipids are best known in white men, and effects of type of carbohydrate on triacylglycerol concentrations are not well defined., OBJECTIVE: Our goal was to determine the effects of diet on plasma lipids, focusing on subgroups by sex, race, and baseline lipid concentrations., DESIGN: This was a randomized controlled outpatient feeding trial conducted in 4 field centers. The subjects were 436 participants of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) Trial [mean age: 44.6 y$$$ 60% African American$$$ baseline total cholesterol: < or = 6.7 mmol/L (< or = 260 mg/dL)]. The intervention consisted of 8 wk of a control diet, a diet increased in fruit and vegetables, or a diet increased in fruit, vegetables, and low-fat dairy products and reduced in saturated fat, total fat, and cholesterol (DASH diet), during which time subjects remained weight stable. The main outcome measures were fasting total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, and triacylglycerol., RESULTS: Relative to the control diet, the DASH diet resulted in lower total (-0.35 mmol/L, or -13.7 mg/dL), LDL- (-0.28 mmol/L, or -10.7 mg/dL), and HDL- (-0.09 mmol/L, or -3.7 mg/dL) cholesterol concentrations (all P < 0.0001), without significant effects on triacylglycerol. The net reductions in total and LDL cholesterol in men were greater than those in women by 0.27 mmol/L, or 10.3 mg/dL (P = 0.052), and by 0.29 mmol/L, or 11.2 mg/dL (P < 0.02), respectively. Changes in lipids did not differ significantly by race or baseline lipid concentrations, except for HDL, which decreased more in participants with higher baseline HDL-cholesterol concentrations than in those with lower baseline HDL-cholesterol concentrations. The fruit and vegetable diet produced few significant lipid changes., CONCLUSIONS: The DASH diet is likely to reduce coronary heart disease risk. The possible opposing effect on coronary heart disease risk of HDL reduction needs further study.
Lipid responses to plant-sterol-enriched reduced-fat spreads incorporated into a National Cholesterol Education Program Step I diet.$$$ BACKGROUND: Plant sterol esters reduce cholesterol absorption and lower circulating blood cholesterol concentrations when incorporated into the habitual diet., OBJECTIVE: This randomized, double-blind, 3-group parallel, controlled study evaluated the influence of esterified plant sterols on serum lipid concentrations in adults with mild-to-moderate primary hypercholesterolemia., DESIGN: Subjects incorporated a conventional 50%-fat spread into a National Cholesterol Education Program Step I diet for a 4-wk lead-in period, followed by a 5-wk intervention period of the diet plus either a control reduced-fat spread (40% fat$$$ n = 92) or a reduced-fat spread enriched with plant sterol esters to achieve intakes of 1.1 g/d (n = 92$$$ low-sterol group) or 2.2 g/d (n = 40$$$ high-sterol group)., RESULTS: Subjects in the low- and high-sterol groups who consumed > or = 80% of the scheduled servings (per-protocol analyses) had total cholesterol values that were 5.2% and 6.6% lower, LDL-cholesterol values that were 7.6% and 8.1% lower, apolipoprotein B values that were 6.2% and 8.4% lower, and ratios of total to HDL cholesterol that were 5.9% and 8.1% lower, respectively, than values for the control group (P < 0.001 for all). Additionally, triacylglycerol concentrations decreased by 10.4% in the high-sterol group. Serum concentrations of fat-soluble vitamins and carotenoids were generally within reference ranges at baseline and postintervention. Serum plant sterol concentrations increased from baseline (0.48% of total sterol by wt) to 0.64% and 0.71% by wt for the low- and high-sterol groups, respectively (P < 0.05 compared with control)., CONCLUSION: A reduced-fat spread containing plant sterol esters incorporated into a low-fat diet is a beneficial adjunct in the dietary management of hypercholesterolemia.
Dietary plant sterols alter the serum plant sterol concentration but not the cholesterol precursor sterol concentrations in young children (the STRIP Study). Special Turku Coronary Risk Factor Intervention Project.$$$ Plant sterol supplementation reduces serum cholesterol concentration but may increase serum plant sterol concentrations, especially in children. We determined whether natural dietary plant sterols derived mainly from vegetable oil or margarine in early childhood affect serum concentrations of plant sterols (campesterol and sitosterol) and cholesterol precursor sterols (Delta-8 cholestenol, desmosterol, and lathosterol), reflecting endogenous cholesterol synthesis. We measured the serum sterol concentrations using gas liquid chromatography in 20 healthy 13-mo-old intervention children in a randomized, prospective study designed to decrease exposure of the children to known environmental atherosclerosis risk factors and in 20 control children. The diet of the intervention children was rich in plant sterols due to replacement of milk fat with vegetable fat, whereas the diet of the control children contained only small amounts of plant sterols. The intervention children consumed twice as much plant sterols as the control children (P < 0.001). Their serum concentrations of campesterol and sitosterol were 75% and 44% higher, respectively, than those in the control children (P < 0.001 for both), but serum cholesterol precursor sterol concentrations did not differ between the two groups. We conclude that doubling dietary plant sterol intake almost doubles serum plant sterol concentrations in 13-mo-old children, but has no effect on endogenous cholesterol synthesis. Relative intestinal absorption of natural plant sterols from the diet in early childhood is similar to that in adults.
Effects of wild yam extract on menopausal symptoms, lipids and sex hormones in healthy menopausal women.$$$ OBJECTIVES: Many women seek alternatives to hormonal therapies for the management of menopausal symptoms. Among the treatments currently popular are extracts of wild yam (Dioscorea villosa), which are applied topically in the form of a cream. These preparations are known to contain steroidal saponins, including diosgenin, which has been claimed to influence endogenous steroidogenesis. However, there have been no studies of the safety or efficacy of these preparations in the management of menopausal symptoms., METHODS: We therefore conducted a double-blind, placebo-controlled, cross-over study of the effects of a wild yam cream in 23 healthy women suffering from troublesome symptoms of the menopause. After a 4-week baseline period, each woman was given active cream and matching placebo for 3 months in random order. Diaries were completed over the baseline period and for 1 week each month thereafter, and blood and saliva samples were collected at baseline and at 3 and 6 months, for measurement of lipids and hormones., RESULTS: The average age of the subjects was 53.3 +/- 1.1 (SEM) years and average time since last period 4.3 +/- 0.9 years. At baseline, the average body mass index was 27.3 +/- 0.8, cholesterol level 5.7 +/- 0.2 mmol/l and follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) level 74.2 +/- 5.1 IU/l$$$ estradiol levels were undetectable in the majority of cases. After 3 months of treatment, no significant side-effects were reported with either active treatment or placebo, and there were no changes in weight, systolic or diastolic blood pressure, or levels of total serum cholesterol, triglyceride, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, FSH, glucose, estradiol, or serum or salivary progesterone. Symptom scores showed a minor effect of both placebo and active treatment on diurnal flushing number and severity and total non-flushing symptom scores, and on nocturnal sweating after placebo, but no statistical difference between placebo and active creams., CONCLUSIONS: This study suggests that short-term treatment with topical wild yam extract in women suffering from menopausal symptoms is free of side-effects, but appears to have little effect on menopausal symptoms. It emphasizes the importance of careful study of treatments for menopausal symptoms if women are to be adequately informed about the choices available to them.
Effect of breastfeeding on mortality among HIV-1 infected women: a randomised trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: We have completed a randomised clinical trial of breastfeeding and formula feeding to identify the frequency of breastmilk transmission of HIV-1 to infants. However, we also analysed data from this trial to examine the effect of breastfeeding on maternal death rates during 2 years after delivery. We report our findings from this secondary analysis., METHODS: Pregnant women attending four Nairobi city council clinics were offered HIVtests. At about 32 weeks' gestation, 425 HIV-1 seropositive women were randomly allocated to either breastfeed or formula feed their infants. After delivery, mother-infant pairs were followed up monthly during the first year and quarterly during the second year until death, or 2 years after delivery, or end of study., FINDINGS: Mortality among mothers was higher in the breastfeeding group than in the formula group (18 vs 6 deaths, log rank test, p=0.009). The cumulative probability of maternal death at 24 months after delivery was 10.5% in the breastfeeding group and 3.8% in the formula group (p=0.02). The relative risk of death for breastfeeding mothers versus formula feeding mothers was 3.2 (95% CI 1.3-8.1, p=0.01). The attributable risk of maternal death due to breastfeeding was 69%. There was an association between maternal death and subsequent infant death, even after infant HIV-1 infection status was controlled for (relative risk 7.9, 95% CI 3.3-18.6, p<0.001)., INTERPRETATION: Our findings suggest that breastfeeding by HIV-1 infected women might result in adverse outcomes for both mother and infant.
Randomised controlled trial of use by hypercholesterolaemic patients of a vegetable oil sterol-enriched fat spread.$$$ Plant sterols may be a useful additive therapy in the treatment of hypercholesterolaemic patients. The purpose of this study was to determine the effect of a fat spread enriched with vegetable oil sterols on plasma lipid, lipoprotein and apolipoprotein concentrations. A randomised double blind placebo-controlled crossover trial with two consecutive periods of 8 weeks was conducted. 30 patients with heterozygous familial hypercholesterolaemia treated concurrently with an HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor (statin) and 32 patients with type IIa primary hypercholesterolaemia with a total cholesterol concentration >6.5 mmol/l not taking lipid-lowering drug therapy were recruited from a hospital lipid clinic. The active treatment was a fortified fat spread (25 g/day) providing 2.5 g of plant sterols. The control spread was indistinguishable in taste and appearance. Comparison at the end of the two 8-week trial periods showed a statistically significant reduction in total and LDL-cholesterol with use of the fortified spread but the results were confounded by a carry-over effect, which was partly explained by changes in the background diet. Because a carry-over effect was present, further analyses were restricted to the parallel arms of the first treatment period and were conducted on an intention to treat basis. After 4 weeks, LDL-cholesterol had decreased by 0.04 mmol/l ([0.8%] 95% confidence interval -0.44-0.37 NS) in the placebo group and decreased by -0.76 mmol/l ([15.0%] 95% CI -1.03--0.48, P<0.0001) in the active treatment group. After 8 weeks, the corresponding results were 0.0 mmol/l ([0.0%] 95% CI -0.26-0.24 NS) and -0.51 mmol/l ([10.0%] 95% CI -0.73--0.29 P<0.0001). There were no significant changes in apolipoprotein AI or B concentrations in the placebo group, but there was a small but statistically significant increase in apolipoprotein AI and a decrease in apolipoprotein B in the active treatment group. HDL cholesterol and triglyceride concentrations were unchanged. There was no difference in response between patients with statin-treated familial hypercholesterolaemia and patients with type IIa hyperlipoproteinaemia. We conclude that a fortified fat spread enriched with vegetable oil sterols reduces LDL-cholesterol by 10-15% with no difference in response between hypercholesterolaemic patients prescribed statins and those not taking lipid-lowering drug therapy.
Low fat and high monounsaturated fat diets decrease human low density lipoprotein oxidative susceptibility in vitro.$$$ Oxidative modification of low density lipoprotein (LDL) is thought to play an important role in the development of atherosclerosis. Some studies have found that LDL enriched in monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA) are less susceptible to oxidation than LDL enriched in polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA). A high MUFA diet is an alternative to a lower-fat blood cholesterol-lowering diet. Less is known about the effects of high MUFA versus lower-fat blood cholesterol-lowering diets on LDL oxidative susceptibility. The present study was designed to evaluate the effects of men and women consuming diets high in MUFA (peanuts plus peanut butter, peanut oil and olive oil) on LDL oxidative susceptibility, and to compare these effects with those of a Step II blood cholesterol-lowering diet. A randomized, double-blind, five-period crossover design (n = 20) was used to study the effects of the following diets on LDL-oxidation: average American [35% fat, 15% saturated fatty acids (SFA)], Step II (25% fat, 7% SFA), olive oil (35% fat, 7% SFA), peanut oil (35% fat, 7% SFA) and peanuts plus peanut butter (35% fat, 8% SFA). The average American diet resulted in the shortest lag time (57 +/- 6 min) for LDL oxidized ex vivo, whereas the Step II, olive oil and peanuts plus peanut butter diets resulted in a lag time of 66 +/- 6 min (P < or = 0.1). The slower rate of oxidation [nmol dienes/(min x mg LDL protein)] observed when subjects consumed the olive oil diet (24 +/- 2) versus the average American (28 +/- 2), peanut oil (28 +/- 2) and peanuts plus peanut butter diets (29 +/- 2$$$ P < or = 0.05) was associated with a lower LDL PUFA content. The results of this study suggest that lower-fat and higher-fat blood cholesterol-lowering diets high in MUFA have similar effects on LDL oxidative resistance. In addition, our results suggest that different high MUFA sources varying in the ratio of MUFA to PUFA can be incorporated into a high MUFA diet without increasing the susceptibility of LDL to oxidation.
Results from two repeated 5 day dietary records with a 1 y interval among patients with colorectal polyps.$$$ BACKGROUND: Dietary factors are known to be associated with initiation and development of colorectal cancer (CRC), and also with CRC's major precursor, the colorectal polyp. In long-term intervention studies on colorectal polyps, dietary changes may therefore affect potential effects of the study intervention., OBJECTIVE: To examine potential dietary changes among polyp-patients randomly selected from a 3 y intervention study after 1 y., DESIGN AND SUBJECTS: Of 116 polyp-bearing out-patients (50% men), aged 50-76 y, who participated in the double-blind 3 y placebo-controlled endoscopic follow-up and intervention study against growth and recurrence of polyps, 30 patients were randomised (strata: sex, age and polyp size) to perform a repeated 5 day dietary record by weighing after 1 y. The patients received a daily mixture of vitamin C (150 mg), alpha-tocopherol (75 mg), beta-carotene (15 mg), selenium (101 microg) and calcium (1.6 g) or placebo (lactose) for a period of 3 y with annual colonoscopic examinations and polyps size measurements to test if the mixture was able to reduce polyp growth and recurrence. Polyps of >9 mm were removed, whereas the remainders and new discoveries of polyps <9 mm were left in situ until the end of the study., RESULTS: Twenty-nine patients agreed to perform the repeated 5 day dietary record, and 86% performed the second record within 48-58 weeks after the first record. The results showed that, with the exception of vitamin D, milk and milk products, no significant differences were found between the two records. The median value of the Spearman's correlation coefficient for energy and energy-yielding nutrients was 0.66, for vitamins and minerals 0.58, and for foods 0.58. Individual differences between the records were found for most variables, but most of these were negligible., CONCLUSION: After 1 y, no major dietary changes were found which could be associated with a changed susceptibly for malignancy, and thereby affect potential effects of the study intervention. We may thus suggest that a potential changed susceptibility towards growth and recurrence of polyps, is due to the specific intervention, and not due to other major dietary changes.
A phase III, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study of peldesine (BCX-34) cream as topical therapy for cutaneous T-cell lymphoma.$$$ BACKGROUND: The purine nucleoside phosphorylase inhibitor peldesine is a new agent being evaluated as a T-cell inhibitor., OBJECTIVE: We attempted to determine the efficacy of peldesine (BCX-34) in a 1% dermal cream formulation as a treatment for cutaneous T-cell lymphoma (CTCL)., METHODS: Ninety patients with patch and plaque phase CTCL, histologically confirmed by a referee dermatopathologist, were enrolled in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study. BCX-34 dermal cream 1% or the vehicle cream (as a placebo control) was applied twice daily to the entire skin surface for up to 24 weeks. Efficacy of the topical therapy was assessed in terms of complete or partial (> or = 50%) clearing of patches and plaques., RESULTS: Of the 89 patients able to be examined, 43 received BCX-34 and 46 received the placebo vehicle cream. One patient withdrew early and was not analyzed. The two groups were well balanced for potential prognostic factors. A total of 28% (12/43) of the patients treated with BCX-34 showed a response, but 24% (11/46) of patients who received vehicle also responded (P =.677)., CONCLUSION: Although BCX-34 dermal cream 1% was not significantly better than the control as therapy for patch and plaque-phase CTCL, this appears to be the first published placebo-controlled trial evaluating treatment for CTCL. Whether the vehicle cream has more than a placebo therapeutic effect is unclear. The relatively high (24%) placebo response rate should be kept in mind in assessing other treatments for early-stage CTCL.
Potent corticosteroid cream (mometasone furoate) significantly reduces acute radiation dermatitis: results from a double-blind, randomized study.$$$ PURPOSE: Radiation-induced dermatitis is a very common side effect of radiation therapy, and may necessitate interruption of the therapy. There is a substantial lack of evidence-based treatments for this condition. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of mometasone furoate cream (MMF) on radiation dermatitis in a prospective, double-blind, randomized study., MATERIAL AND METHODS: The study comprised 49 patients with node-negative breast cancer. They were operated on with sector resection and scheduled for postoperative radiotherapy using photons with identical radiation qualities and dosage to the breast parenchyma. The patients were randomized to receive either MMF or emollient cream. The cream was applied on the irradiated skin twice a week from the start of radiotherapy until the 12th fraction (24 Gy) and thereafter once daily until 3 weeks after completion of radiation. Both groups additionally received non-blinded emollient cream daily. The intensity of the acute radiation dermatitis was evaluated on a weekly basis regarding erythema and pigmentation, using a reflectance spectrophotometer together with visual scoring of the skin reactions., RESULTS: MMF in combination with emollient cream treatment significantly decreased acute radiation dermatitis (P=0.0033) compared with emollient cream alone. There was no significant difference in pigmentation between the two groups., CONCLUSIONS: Adding MMF, a potent topical corticosteroid, to an emollient cream is statistically significantly more effective than emollient cream alone in reducing acute radiation dermatitis.
Systemic immunity-enhancing effects in healthy subjects following dietary consumption of the lactic acid bacterium Lactobacillus rhamnosus HN001.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine the effects of the probiotic lactic acid bacterium, Lactobacillus rhamnosus HN001, on natural cellular immunity when delivered orally in normal low-fat milk (LFM) or lactose-hydrolyzed low-fat milk (LFM-LH)., DESIGN: A three stage, pre-post intervention trial, spanning nine weeks., SETTING: Taipei Medical College Hospital, Taipei, Taiwan., SUBJECTS: Fifty-two healthy middle-aged and elderly volunteers (17 males, 35 females$$$ median age 63.5, range 44-80)., INTERVENTIONS: Stage 1 (run-in diet): 25 g/200 mL reconstituted LFM powder, twice daily for 3 weeks. Stage 2 (probiotic intervention): LFM or LFM-LH, supplemented with 10(9) CFUs/g L. rhamnosus HN001 in each case, for 3 weeks. Stage 3 (wash-out): LFM for 3 weeks., MEASURES OF OUTCOME: In vitro phagocytic capacity of peripheral blood polymorphonuclear (PMN) leukocytes$$$ in vitro tumoricidal activity of natural killer (NK) leukocytes., RESULTS: Immunological responses were unaffected by the run-in diet of LFM alone. In contrast, the relative proportion of PMN cells showing phagocytic activity increased by 19% and 15%, respectively, following consumption of HN001 in either LFM or LFM-LH$$$ the relative level of NK cell tumor killing activity increased by 71% and 147%. In most cases these levels declined following cessation, but remained above baseline., CONCLUSIONS: Dietary consumption of L. rhamnosus HN001, in a base of low-fat milk or lactose-hydrolyzed low-fat milk, appears to enhance systemic cellular immune responses and may be useful as a dietary supplement to boost natural immunity.
Beans, as a source of dietary fiber, increase cholecystokinin and apolipoprotein b48 response to test meals in men.$$$ Dry beans lower plasma cholesterol, an effect that has been associated with both the fiber and the protein content of beans. The objective of this study was to determine the acute hormone and lipid responses to a test meal that contained dry beans as a source of dietary fiber. A crossover design was employed in which men consumed the test meal and a control meal in random order. Both meals contained egg, bread, jelly, orange juice, milk and margarine. The high fiber meal contained white beans, whereas the low fiber (control) meal contained rice and dry milk. The men maintained their normal dietary pattern and fasted overnight before the study days. After a fasting blood sample was drawn, the men consumed the test meal and blood samples were collected over the next 6 h. Blood samples were analyzed for cholecystokinin (CCK), insulin and glucose. Plasma was separated into lipoprotein fractions and the triglyceride, cholesterol, apolipoprotein (apo) B100 and B48 content of triglyceride-rich lipoproteins determined. Insulin and glucose responses did not differ significantly between test meals$$$ however, the CCK response was twice as high after the bean-containing meal than after the low fiber meal (P = 0.03). The increase in apo B48 concentration was significantly higher after the bean meal than after the low fiber meal (P < 0.05). Adding beans to a meal to increase fiber content prolongs the postprandial presence of intestinally derived lipoproteins and augments the CCK response to the meal.
Effects of diets enriched with two different plant stanol ester mixtures on plasma ubiquinol-10 and fat-soluble antioxidant concentrations.$$$ Plant stanols lower intestinal cholesterol absorption. This causes a decrease in serum low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol, despite a compensatory increase in cholesterol synthesis. We therefore hypothesized that plant stanols also change LDL-cholesterol-standardized concentrations of ubiquinol-10 (a side product of the cholesterol synthesis cascade) and of those fat-soluble antioxidants that are mainly carried by LDL. To examine this, 112 nonhypercholesterolemic subjects consumed low erucic acid rapeseed oil (LEAR)-based margarine and shortening for 4 weeks. For the next 8 weeks, 42 subjects consumed the same products, while the other subjects received products with vegetable oil-based stanols (2.6 g sitostanol plus 1.2 g campestanol daily, n = 36) or wood-based stanols (3.7 g sitostanol plus 0.3 g campestanol daily, n = 34). Consumption of both plant stanol ester mixtures increased cholesterol synthesis and lowered cholesterol absorption, as indicated by increased serum cholesterol-standardized lathosterol and decreased plant sterol concentrations, respectively. Compared with the control group, absolute plasma ubiquinol-10 concentrations were lowered by 12.3% +/- 18.9% (-0.14 microg/mL v. the control group$$$ P =.004$$$ 95% confidence interval [CI] for the difference in changes, -0.05 to -0.22 microg/mL) in the vegetable oil-based group and by 15.4% +/- 13.0% (-0.17 microg/mL v. the control group$$$ P <.001$$$ 95% CI for the difference, -0.08 to -0.27 microg/mL) in the wood-based group. Changes in LDL-cholesterol-standardized ubiquinol-10 concentrations were not significantly changed. The most lipophylic antioxidants, the hydrocarbon carotenoids (beta-carotene, alpha-carotene, and lycopene), decreased most, followed by the less lipophylic oxygenated carotenoids (lutein/zeaxanthin and beta-cryptoxanthin) and the tocopherols. These reductions were related to the reduction in LDL, which carry most of these antioxidants. The decrease in the hydrocarbon carotenoids, however, was also significantly associated with a decrease in cholesterol absorption. LDL-cholesterol-standardized antioxidant concentrations were not changed, except for beta-carotene, which was still, although not significantly, lowered by about 10%. We conclude that the increase in endogenous cholesterol synthesis during plant stanol ester consumption does not result in increased LDL-cholesterol-standardized concentrations of ubiquinol-10, a side product of the cholesterol synthesis cascade. Furthermore, decreases in absolute fat-soluble antioxidant concentrations are related to decreases in LDL-cholesterol. However, for the most lipophylic carotenoids, some of the reduction was also related to the decrease in cholesterol absorption. Copyright 2001 by W.B. Saunders Company
Imiquimod 5% cream in the treatment of superficial basal cell carcinoma: results of a multicenter 6-week dose-response trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Superficial basal cell carcinoma (sBCC) is an increasingly common tumor in fair-skinned populations throughout the world. Imiquimod, an immune response modifier that induces cytokines including interferons, has been shown in preliminary studies to have an effect when applied topically to BCC., OBJECTIVE: We conducted a multicenter, randomized, open-label dose-response trial of imiquimod 5% cream in the treatment of primary sBCC assessing efficacy and safety of different dose regimens., METHODS: Ninety-nine patients were randomized to 6 weeks' application of imiquimod in 1 of 4 treatment regimens: twice every day, once every day, twice daily 3 times/week, once daily 3 times/week. The treatment site was excised and examined histologically 6 weeks after cessation of imiquimod., RESULTS: Intention-to-treat analysis revealed 100% (3/3) histologic clearance in the twice-daily regimen, 87.9% (29/33) clearance in the once every day regimen, 73.3% (22/30) clearance in the twice-daily 3 times/week regimen, and 69.7% (23/33) clearance in the once-daily 3 times/week regimen. Dose-related inflammatory skin reactions at the site of application were common. The majority were well tolerated and only 1 patient withdrew from the trial as a result of a medication-related skin reaction., CONCLUSION: Imiquimod 5% cream appears to have potential as a patient-administered treatment option in sBCC.
The alpha and gamma tocopherol levels in serum are influenced by the dietary fat quality.$$$ BACKGROUND: Alpha tocopherol in serum is thought to be of importance in protecting lipids against oxidation and low serum levels of alpha tocopherol has been suggested to increase the risk for coronary heart disease. However, low levels of gamma, rather than alpha, tocopherol have been found in patients with manifest coronary heart disease and in populations with a high incidence of coronary heart disease., AIM: The aim of this study was to determine the tocopherol concentrations in serum after two diets with identical nutrient content but with different fat quality, enriched in butter and rapeseed oil-based fats, respectively., METHOD: Twenty moderately hyperlipidemic, healthy subjects (six females and 14 males) participated in this double-blind cross-over study, where two isoenergetic diets were given in a randomized order during two 3-week periods, interrupted by a wash-out period of 3-4 weeks., RESULTS: The lipid-corrected serum concentrations of alpha and gamma tocopherol increased during the diet rich in rapeseed oil (by 7 and 23%, respectively) compared with on the baseline diet (P < 0.001), while these concentrations decreased (by 5 and 37%, respectively, P < 0.01) during the diet rich in saturated fat. The ratio between alpha and gamma tocopherol decreased significantly during the rapeseed oil diet (-23%, P < 0.01) and increased (+46%, P < 0.001) during the butter diet., CONCLUSION: Alpha and gamma tocopherol levels in serum are influenced by the type of fat used in the diet. The most unexpected finding is that the lipid-adjusted gamma tocopherol concentration significantly decreased by 37% during a diet rich in saturated fat with an increased ratio between alpha and gamma tocopherol, similar to the situation found in CHD patients.
Effect of energy restriction and exercise on vitamin B-6 status of women during lactation.$$$ PURPOSE: Lactation increases vitamin B-6 requirements because its concentration in breast milk is related to maternal intake and it is essential for infants. Exercise may also increase the requirement because it increases utilization and excretion of vitamin B-6. Therefore, the purpose of this study was to determine whether energy restriction and exercise affected vitamin B-6 status of lactating women., METHODS: Breastfeeding women with a body mass index > or = 25 and < or = 30 kg x m(-2) were randomly assigned at 4 wk postpartum to either restrict energy intake by 500 kcal x d(-1) and exercise for 45 min x d(-1), 4 d x wk(-1) (weight loss group, WG) or maintain usual diet and not exercise (control group, CG) for 10 wk. Women were given a supplement containing 2.0 mg of vitamin B-6. Measurements included vitamin B-6 concentrations in breast milk and plasma, plasma pyridoxal 5'-phosphate, and erythrocyte alanine aminotransferase activity., RESULTS: The WG lost more weight (-4.4 +/- 0.4 vs -0.9 +/- 0.5 kg, P < 0.01) than the CG. Cardiovascular fitness increased by 12% in the WG, compared to 3% in the CG (P = 0.09). Milk vitamin B-6 concentrations increased in both groups (161 +/- 107 and 191 +/- 85 nmol x L(-1), WG and CG, respectively, P = 0.05). There were no significant differences in other vitamin B-6 parameters. Weight and length gain (2.06 +/- 0.21 and 1.83 +/- 0.17 kg$$$ 8.6 +/- 0.6 and 7.2 +/- 0.5 cm$$$ WG and CG, respectively) of infants was not significantly different between groups., CONCLUSIONS: Energy restriction and exercise from 4 to 14 wk postpartum in overweight, breastfeeding women consuming adequate dietary intakes and 2.0 mg of supplemental vitamin B-6 does not adversely affect vitamin B-6 status or infant growth.
The effect of soy protein with or without isoflavones relative to milk protein on plasma lipids in hypercholesterolemic postmenopausal women.$$$ BACKGROUND: Clinical trial data and the results of a meta-analysis suggest a hypocholesterolemic effect of soy protein. The effect may be partially attributable to the isoflavones in soy. Few studies have examined the separate effects of soy protein and isoflavones., OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to determine the effect of soy protein and isoflavones on plasma lipid concentrations in postmenopausal, moderately hypercholesterolemic women., DESIGN: This was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial with 3 treatment groups. After a 4-wk run-in phase during which the women consumed a milk protein supplement, the subjects were randomly assigned to 12 wk of dietary protein supplementation (42 g/d) with either a milk protein (Milk group) or 1 of 2 soy proteins containing either trace amounts of isoflavones (Soy- group) or 80 mg aglycone isoflavones (Soy+ group)., RESULTS: LDL-cholesterol concentrations decreased more in the Soy+ group (n = 31) than in the Soy- group (n = 33) (0.38 compared with 0.09 mmol/L$$$ P = 0.005), but neither of these changes was significantly different from the 0.26-mmol/L decrease observed in the Milk group (n = 30). The results for total cholesterol were similar to those for LDL cholesterol. There were no significant differences in HDL-cholesterol or triacylglycerol concentrations between the 3 groups., CONCLUSIONS: The difference in total- and LDL-cholesterol lowering between the 2 soy-protein supplements suggests an effect attributable to the isoflavone-containing fraction. However, the unexpected LDL-cholesterol lowering observed in the Milk group, and the fact that there was no significant difference between either soy group and the Milk group, suggests that changes may have been due to other factors related to participation in the study.
Influence of a stearic acid-rich structured triacylglycerol on postprandial lipemia, factor VII concentrations, and fibrinolytic activity in healthy subjects.$$$ BACKGROUND: An elevated postprandial lipid concentration is believed to be atherogenic and to increase the risk of thrombosis., OBJECTIVE: The objective was to test whether the consumption of a stearic acid-rich structured triacylglycerol has adverse effects on postprandial fibrinolytic activity and lipemia, factor VII coagulant (FVII:c) activity, and activated FVII (FVIIa) concentrations., DESIGN: A randomized crossover design was used to compare the effects on middle-aged healthy men (n = 17) and women (n = 18) of meals enriched with cocoa butter, high-oleate sunflower oil (oleate), or a structured triacylglycerol containing stearic acid., RESULTS: The mean increases from fasting in plasma triacylglycerol 3 h after the oleate, cocoa butter, and structured triacylglycerol meals were 1.36 (95% CI: 1.17, 1.56), 1.39 (1.17,1.63), and 0.65 (0.50, 0.82) mmol/L, respectively. Tissue plasminogen activator activity increased and plasminogen activator type 1 activity decreased after all 3 meals. Plasma FVII:c increased after the oleate and cocoa butter meals but not after the structured triacylglycerol meal. The values 6 h after the oleate and cocoa butter meals were 11.3% (7.0%, 15.6%) and 9.9% (4.7%, 15.2%), respectively, and were significantly different (P < 0.0001 and P = 0.001, respectively) from the value after the triacylglycerol meal [2.1% (-1.1%, 5.3%)]. Plasma FVIIa increased after all 3 meals, more so after the oleate and cocoa butter meals than after the structured triacylglycerol meal., CONCLUSION: The consumption of stearic acid in the form of a structured triacylglycerol leads to less of an increase in plasma triacylglycerol and in FVII:c than does a meal enriched in cocoa butter or oleate.
Partially hydrogenated soybean oil reduces postprandial t-PA activity compared with palm oil.$$$ The effects of dietary trans fatty acids on fasting and diurnal variation in hemostatic variables are not known. This study compares the effects of three diets with three different margarines, one based on palm oil (PALM-diet), one based on partially hydrogenated soybean oil (PHSO, TRANS-diet) and one with a high content of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA-diet) on diurnal postprandial hemostatic variables. A strictly controlled dietary Latin square study was performed and nine young female participants consumed each of the diets for 17 days in a random order. The sum of the cholesterol-increasing fatty acids (C12:0, C14:0, C16:0) was 36.3% of total fatty acids in the PALM-diet, the same as the sum of saturated-(C12:0, C14:0, C16:0) (12.5%) and trans fatty acids (23.1%) in the TRANS-diet. The sum of C12:0, C14:0 and C16:0 was 20.7% in the PUFA-diet. The amount of fat made up 30-31% of energy in all diets. Nine participants completed the study. The diurnal postprandial state level of tissue plasminogen activator (t-PA) activity was significantly decreased on the TRANS-diet compared with the PALM-diet. t-PA activity was also decreased on the PUFA-diet compared with PALM-diet but the difference was below statistical significance (P=0.07, Bonferonni adjusted). There were no significant differences in either fasting levels or in circadian variation of t-PA antigen, PAI-1 activity, PAI-antigen, factor VII coagulant activity or fibrinogen between the three diets. Our results indicate that dietary trans fatty acids from PHSO has an unfavourable effect on postprandial t-PA activity and thus possibly on the fibrinolytic system compared with palm oil.
Fenofibrate raises plasma homocysteine levels in the fasted and fed states.$$$ The effect of fenofibrate (FEN), compared with placebo (PL), on total plasma homocysteine (tHcy) levels in the fasted and fed states has been examined. Twenty men with established coronary artery disease (CAD) or with at least two cardiovascular risk factors, who had elevated plasma triglyceride levels (> 2.3 mmol/l) and reduced HDL-C levels (< 0.91 mmol/l), and in whom a fibric acid derivative was clinically indicated were studied. The study was a randomized, PL controlled, double-blind study designed to test the effect of micronized FEN on postprandial lipemia. Plasma tHcy levels were investigated as a post-hoc analysis. After a 4-week dietary stabilization period, patients were randomized to PL or FEN (200 mg/day) for 8 weeks, followed by an 8-h postprandial study, consisting of 1 g fat/kg body weight (35% cream). The methionine content of cream was approximately 0.53 mg/ml. A 5-week washout period was then followed by a second 8-week treatment period (FEN or PL), at the end of which a second postprandial study was undertaken. Blood was sampled in the fasted state (0 h) and postprandially at 2, 4, 6 and 8 h. Plasma was stored at -80 degrees C for homocysteine, vitamins B(6), B(12) and folate measurements. FEN caused a marked decrease in all triglyceride-rich lipoprotein parameters, no change in LDL-C, and an increase in HDL-C levels. Fen treatment was associated with an increase in fasting tHcy (PL: 10.3+/-3.3 micromol/l to FEN: 14.1+/-3.8 micromol/l, 40.4+/-20.5%, P < 0.001) and fed tHcy levels 6 h post-fat load (PL: 11.6+/-3.3 micromol/l vs. FEN: 17.1+/-5.4 micromol/l, P < 0.001). Homocysteine levels were increased by the fat load$$$ PL: 14% (P < 0.001) and FEN: 21%, P < 0.001 at the 2, 4, 6 and 8 h time points. Change in tHcy level on FEN was not associated with changes in plasma levels of folate, vitamins B(6) or B(12) or creatinine. Amino acid analysis revealed that methionine and cysteine were significantly increased on FEN (P < 0.005). The incidence of hyperhomocysteinemia (defined as tHcy level >14 micromol/l) was PL: 2/20 (10%) and FEN: 9/20 (45%) (chi(2) = 4.51, P = 0.034). There was no correlation between changes in plasma triglyceride levels and tHcy levels. Since tHcy is considered an emerging cardiovascular risk factor, the ability of FEN to increase plasma tHcy levels could potentially mitigate the potential of this drug to protect against cardiovascular disease.
Does low lactose milk powder improve the nutritional intake and nutritional status of frail older Chinese people living in nursing homes?.$$$ BACKGROUND: Malnutrition is prevalent among nursing home residents in Hong Kong. Nutrient dense oral supplements and yoghurt are unpopular among the Chinese older people because of their unfamiliar tastes and relatively high costs. Vitamin and mineral supplements do not address the problem of protein calorie undernutrition. Milk powder may be a suitable alternative supplement, but diarrhoea resulting from lactase deficiency is common in Chinese people., OBJECTIVE: We hypothesized that a low lactose milk powder would be better tolerated in Chinese nursing home residents and result in improvement in nutritional intake without reducing habitual intake., DESIGN: Forty-seven residents were randomized to receive milk powder twice daily, or no supplement for seven weeks. Twenty-four hour food record, body weight, upper limb skinfold thicknesses and midarm circumference, grip strength, Barthel Index, and abbreviated mental test score were carried out at baseline and at seven weeks., RESULTS: The overall compliance was nearly 100%, and no subjects developed diarrhoea. Compared with controls, milk supplementation increased intake of calcium, vitamin D, vitamin A, riboflavin and potassium. There was no significant reduction in habitual dietary intake in supplemented subjects. There was a trend of weight gain in supplemented subjects, though this did not reach statistical significance. There was no change in handgrip strength, mental function and disability level., CONCLUSION: The study shows that low lactose milk powder is a well-accepted nutritional supplement without reducing habitual dietary intake.
Pharmacoeconomic evaluation of calcipotriol (Daivonex/Dovonex) and UVB phototherapy in the treatment of psoriasis: a Markov model for The Netherlands.$$$ BACKGROUND: The high prevalence and chronic nature of psoriasis leads to high costs in relation to the treatment and control of the disease. A number of clinical trials have shown that a combination therapy of calcipotriol cream (Daivonex/Dovonex), Leo Pharmaceutical Products) and ultraviolet B phototherapy (UVB) decreases the total number of UVB exposures required compared to UVB treatment alone. From a societal point of view, the addition of calcipotriol to UVB therapy could achieve cost savings due to the fewer UVB treatments needed and the reduced travelling and time off work for patients. Fewer UVB exposures may also have other beneficial effects, i.e., shortened waiting lists and less risk to patients of developing cancer or photoaging of the skin., OBJECTIVE: To compare the cost-effectiveness of treating psoriatic patients in the Netherlands with calcipotriol cream used daily combined with twice weekly UVB treatments to emollient used daily combined with UVB given 3 times weekly., METHODS: Based on the clinical results from a Canadian trial, a decision-analytical model was constructed to simulate treatment outcomes and estimate the costs of managing psoriatic patients in the Netherlands over a period of 20 weeks from initiation of therapy. Unit costs and details of standard treatment protocols were collected from Dutch dermatology centres in hospitals and the community for use in the model. Other therapies, such as topical corticosteroids, tar or dithranol were not investigated in this analysis., RESULTS: The total cost of managing psoriatic patients in the Netherlands over a 20-week period is estimated as EUR 1,175.90 for those treated with calcipotriol and UVB and EUR 1,212.14 for patients treated with emollient and UVB. Thus, the former treatment, adding calcipotriol to UVB phototherapy, provides a minor cost saving of EUR 36.24 (3%) compared to the cost of UVB treatment alone. Sensitivity analyses demonstrated that these results are sensitive to changes in the cost of UVB treatment., CONCLUSION: Calcipotriol treatment combined with UVB phototherapy is a cost-neutral alternative to UVB phototherapy used with an emollient. The patients achieve treatment success in the same time on both treatments but the former, with calcipotriol, requires less exposure to UVB radiation. The additional drug costs from using calcipotriol are offset by savings from the fewer UVB sessions required. Essential beneficial effects for patients are less inconvenience, less risk of developing photoaging of the skin and less exposure to potentially carcinogenic radiations.
Teaching subjects with type 2 diabetes how to incorporate sugar choices into their daily meal plan promotes dietary compliance and does not deteriorate metabolic profile.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine whether teaching free-living subjects with type 2 diabetes how to incorporate added sugars or sweets into their daily meal plan results in a greater consumption of calories (fat or sugar) and deteriorates their glycemic or lipid profiles but improves their perceived quality of life., RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: In an 8-month randomized controlled trial, 48 free-living subjects with type 2 diabetes were taught either a conventional (C) meal plan (no concentrated sweets) or one permitting as much as 10% of total energy as added sugars or sweets (S). Mean individual nutrient intake was determined using the average of six 24-h telephone recalls per 4 months. Metabolic control and quality of life were evaluated every 2 months. Quality of life was assessed using the Medical Outcome Survey and the Diabetes Quality of Life questionnaire., RESULTS: The S group did not consume more calories (fat or sugar) and in fact ate significantly less carbohydrate (-15 vs. 10 g) and less starch (-7 vs. 8 g) and had a tendency to eat fewer calories (-77 vs. 81 kcal) than the C group. Weight remained stable, and there was no evidence that consuming more sugar worsened metabolic profile or improved their perceived quality of life., CONCLUSIONS: Giving individuals with type 2 diabetes the freedom to include sugar in their daily meal plan had no negative impact on dietary habits or metabolic control. Health professionals can be reassured and encouraged to teach the new "sugar guidelines," because doing so may result in a more conscientious carbohydrate consumption.
Dairy calcium is related to changes in body composition during a two-year exercise intervention in young women.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Relationships between micronutrients and dairy product intake and changes in body weight and composition over two years were investigated., DESIGN: Two year prospective non-concurrent analysis of the effect of calcium intake on changes in body composition during a two year exercise intervention., SUBJECTS: 54 normal weight young women, 18 to 31 years of age., MEASURES OF OUTCOME: Mean intakes of nutrients of interest were determined from three-day diet records completed at baseline and every six months for two years. The change in total body weight and body composition (assessed by dual x-ray absorptiometry) from baseline to two years was also determined., RESULTS: Total calcium/kilocalories and vitamin A together predicted (negatively and positively, respectively) changes in body weight (R2 = 0.19) and body fat (R2 = 0.27). Further, there was an interaction of calcium and energy intake in predicting changes in body weight, such that, only at lower energy intakes, calcium intake (not adjusted for energy) predicted changes in body weight., CONCLUSIONS: Regardless of exercise group assignment, calcium adjusted for energy intake had a negative relationship and vitamin A intake a positive relationship with two year changes in total body weight and body fat in young women aged 18 to 31 years. Thus, subjects with high calcium intake, corrected by total energy intake, and lower vitamin A intake gained less weight and body fat over two years in this randomized exercise intervention trial.
Estrous cycle regulation of mammary epithelial cell proliferation, differentiation, and death in the Sprague-Dawley rat: a model for investigating the role of estrous cycling in mammary carcinogenesis.$$$ The Sprague-Dawley rat is highly regarded for studies designed to investigate the effects of endocrine modulation on mammary carcinogenesis. In this study, we further evaluate the validity of the Sprague-Dawley rat model for the study of human breast cancer by evaluating the effects of normal 4-day estrous cycling on mammary epithelial cell proliferation, differentiation, and apoptotic death. Trends in mammary gland development with stage of 4-day estrous cycle were evident. Mammary glands isolated from follicular and early luteal stages had predominantly ductal histoarchitecture, whereas glands isolated from mid-late luteal were predominantly lobuloalveolar. Quantitation of BrdU incorporation revealed that epithelial cell proliferation was eight-fold higher in metestrus and diestrus-1 than in proestrus. Expression of beta-casein and whey acidic protein (WAP)4 mRNA was also highly dependent on stage of estrous, with detection restricted to midcycle. Apoptotic cell death of mammary epithelium was found to be suppressed during the peak in cell proliferation. TRPM-2/ clusterin mRNA was elevated when apoptosis was low and milk protein mRNA levels were high, consistent with putative roles for TRPM-2/clusterin in inhibiting cell death in regressing tissues and inducing mammary epithelial cell differentiation. Cell proliferation, differentiation, and death occurred only in a subset of epithelial cells per estrous cycle, and these cells appeared randomly distributed throughout multiple ductules and alveoli. These observations suggest that cellular response(s) to ovarian hormone-dependent signals is asynchronous. Cumulatively, these observations demonstrate that rat mammary epithelial cell proliferation, differentiation, and death are under the control of cycling ovarian hormones, similarly to the human mammary epithelium during the menstrual cycle.
Short-term effects of yoghurt containing a novel fat emulsion on energy and macronutrient intakes in non-obese subjects.$$$ BACKGROUND: The satiating properties of fat remain poorly understood, particularly with reference to its physicochemical characteristics., OBJECTIVE: To investigate the short-term effects of consumption of yoghurt containing either a novel fat emulsion or normal milk fat, on the energy and macronutrient intakes of non-obese subjects., DESIGN: Two double-blind, placebo-controlled, within-subject crossover studies were conducted three months apart. Twenty-nine (15 F, 14 M) and thirty (16 F, 14 M) subjects participated in Study 1 and Study 2 respectively. In each study, subjects were given in random order, 7 days apart, either a 200g portion of a test (5g of a novel fat emulsion + 1 g milk fat) or control (6g milk fat) yoghurt at 1300 h. At 4h post-consumption subjects were given ad libitum access to a range of foods. Amounts of food consumed by individuals were determined by pre- and post-covert weighing of individual serving dishes., RESULTS: Mean energy intakes were significantly lower after the test yoghurt compared with the control yoghurt in Study 1 (6.4 vs 7.6 MJ$$$ P< 0.001), Study 2 (6.9 vs 7.9 MJ$$$ P<0.001), and for both studies combined (6.7 vs 7.7 MJ$$$ P<0.001). The corresponding fat intakes in Study 1, Study 2 and in the combined studies were all significantly reduced (P< 0.001). Protein and carbohydrate intakes were also significantly reduced in Study 1 (P< 0.05), Study 2 (P< 0.01), and for the combined studies (P< 0.001)., CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that the physicochemical characteristics of small amounts of dietary fat affect short-term satiety.
Enhancing immunity by dietary consumption of a probiotic lactic acid bacterium (Bifidobacterium lactis HN019): optimization and definition of cellular immune responses.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To define the cellular basis for immune enhancement by a probiotic lactic acid bacteria strain (Bifidobacterium lactis HN019)$$$ and to determine whether immune enhancement can be optimized by delivery in oligosaccharide-enriched low-fat milk., DESIGN: A double-blind, three-stage before-and-after intervention trial., SETTING: Taipei Medical College Hospital, Taipei, Taiwan., SUBJECTS: Fifty healthy Taiwanese citizens (age range 41-81$$$ median 60) randomly allocated to two groups., INTERVENTIONS: In stage 1 (run-in control stage) all subjects consumed reconstituted low-fat milk (LFM) for 3 weeks$$$ in stage 2 (probiotic intervention) subjects consumed B. lactis in LFM (group A) or B. lactis in lactose-hydrolysed LFM (group B) for 3 weeks$$$ in stage 3 all subjects returned to non-supplemented LFM for a further 3 weeks (washout stage). The innate immune functions of two different leucocyte types (polymorphonuclear (PMN) cells and natural killer (NK) cells) were assessed at four time points via in vitro analyses on peripheral blood samples., RESULTS: While consumption of LFM alone had no significant effect on immune responses, stage 2 results indicated significantly enhanced PMN cell phagocytosis and NK cell tumour killing activity following consumption of milk containing B. lactis. These increases levelled off following cessation of B. lactis consumption, but remained above the pre-treatment values. Increases in PMN and NK cell activity were greatest among subjects who consumed B. lactis in lactose-hydrolysed LFM., CONCLUSIONS: Dietary consumption of the probiotic bacterium B. lactis HN019 enhanced immune function of two different types of leucocytes$$$ the degree of enhancement was increased by consuming B. lactis in an oligosaccharide-rich substrate., SPONSORSHIP: Financial support was provided by the New Zealand Dairy Board.
Consumption of black tea elicits an increase in plasma antioxidant potential in humans.$$$ Epidemiological studies suggest that the consumption of tea flavonoids may be associated with reduced risk of coronary heart disease, stroke and cancer-related deaths. The flavonoids are polyphenols which in vitro exhibit antioxidant properties. Tea flavonoids are known to be rapidly absorbed into the circulation following oral ingestion. To date few studies have demonstrated that these bioavailable flavonoids retain antioxidant properties in vivo. Nine healthy subjects aged between 26 and 59 (one male and eight females) took part in 3 study days. On 1 day subjects consumed no tea and on the other 2 days subjects drank either black tea with milk, or black tea alone at hourly intervals between 9.00 a.m. and 14.00 p.m. Blood was sampled at 9.00 a.m. and at 12.00 p.m. and 15.00 p.m. The antioxidant potential of plasma was determined using the ferric reducing antioxidant power (FRAP) assay. Subjects consuming no tea exhibited no significant change in FRAP across the 6 hours of the study day. Similarly consumption of milky tea produced no change in FRAP between 9.00 a.m. and 12.00 p.m. and the 50% increase in FRAP noted between 12.00 p.m. and 15.00 p.m. was not statistically significant. When the subjects consumed black tea without milk FRAP increased by 65% between 9.00 a.m. and 12.00 p.m. (P = 0.02) and at 15.00 p.m. was 76% higher than at 9.00 a.m. (P = 0.002). Heavy consumption of black tea thus appears to elevate circulating antioxidant potentials in vivo. This is an effect which appears to be totally negated by the drinking of tea with milk. Although tea may thus represent an important source of dietary antioxidants in many societies, the role of tea in reducing risk of major disease states needs to be investigated in more detail.
Effect of plant sterols from rice bran oil and triterpene alcohols from sheanut oil on serum lipoprotein concentrations in humans.$$$ BACKGROUND: Intake of unsaponifiable compounds from edible oils, such as plant sterols, can lower serum cholesterol concentrations in humans. However, little is known about effects of other chemically related unsaponifiables in edible oils, such as triterpene alcohols., OBJECTIVE: We studied the effects of plant sterols from rice bran oil and triterpene alcohols from sheanut oil on cholesterol concentrations in healthy, normolipemic volunteers., DESIGN: Twenty-eight men and 32 women consumed 29 g/d of 3 margarines for 3 wk each on a crossover, double-blind basis. A margarine based on sunflower oil was used as the control. Concentrates of plant sterols from rice bran oil or triterpene alcohols from sheanut oil were added to make 2 experimental margarines with the same fatty acid composition as the control margarine., RESULTS: Intake of 2.1 g plant sterols/d from rice bran oil decreased total cholesterol by 0.19 mmol/L (95% CI: -0.31, -0.07 mmol/L) and LDL cholesterol by 0.20 mmol/L (95% CI: -0.30, -0.10 mmol/L). HDL-cholesterol and triacylglycerol concentrations did not change significantly. Intake of 2.6 g triterpene alcohols/d from sheanut oil did not significantly affect lipoprotein concentrations in all subjects combined., CONCLUSIONS: We found that 2.1 g plant sterols/d from rice bran oil lowered serum total cholesterol by 5% and LDL cholesterol by 9% in normolipemic humans, whereas triterpene alcohols from sheanut oil did not significantly affect lipoprotein concentrations in all subjects combined. The effect of rice bran oil sterols is probably due to ss-sitosterol and other 4-desmethylsterols and not to 4,4'-dimethylsterols.
Combined corrections for attenuation, depth-dependent blur, and motion in cardiac SPECT: a multicenter trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: The diagnostic accuracy of cardiac single photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) is limited by image-degrading factors, such as heart or subject motion, depth-dependent blurring caused by the collimator, and photon scatter and attenuation. We developed correction approaches for motion, depth-dependent blur, and attenuation and performed a multicenter validation., METHODS AND RESULTS: Motion was corrected both transversely and axially with a cross-correlation technique. Depth-dependent blurring was corrected by first back-projecting each projection and then applying a depth-dependent Wiener filter row by row. Attenuation was corrected with an iterative, nonuniform Chang algorithm, based on a transmission scan-generated attenuation map. We validated these approaches in 112 subjects, including 36 women (20 healthy volunteers, 8 angiographically normal patients, and 8 patients with coronary artery disease [CAD] found by means of angiography) and 76 men (23 healthy volunteers, 10 angiographically normal patients, and 43 patients with CAD found by means of angiography). Either technetium 99m or thallium 201 was used for emission$$$ either gadolinium 153 or Tc-99m was used for transmission. Images were reconstructed and blindly interpreted with a 5-point scale for receiver operating characteristic analysis in 2 ways: motion correction plus a Butterworth filter, and combined motion and blur and attenuation corrections. The interpretation by means of consensus was for the overall presence of CAD and vascular territory. The receiver operating characteristic curves for overall presence and each of the 3 main coronary arteries were all shifted upward and to the left and had larger areas under the curve, for combined corrections compared with motion correction and Butterworth. Sensitivity/specificity for motion correction and Butterworth were 84/69, 64/71, 32/94, and 71/81 overall for the left anterior descending, the right coronary artery, and circumflex territories, respectively, compared with 88/92, 77/93, 50/97, and 74/95, respectively, for the combined corrections., CONCLUSIONS: The proposed combined corrections for motion, depth-dependent blur, and attenuation significantly improve diagnostic accuracy, when compared with motion correction alone.
Fat intake during childhood: metabolic responses and effects on growth.$$$ Lipids are considered the most important energy source in the infant diet and are necessary for normal growth and physical activity. Human milk, in which most of the energy is present as fat, provides a relatively high cholesterol intake. Formula provides a much lower cholesterol intake. Infants fed human milk have higher total and LDL-cholesterol concentrations in plasma than do formula-fed infants (P: < 0.05), whereas plasma HDL- and LDL-cholesterol concentrations are lower in formula-fed infants if a formula high in linoleate is fed (P: < 0.05). Infants adapt to the high cholesterol content of human milk through a decrease in cholesterol synthesis$$$ in contrast, the addition of cholesterol to formula does not suppress synthesis. Measurements of serum lipoproteins and LDL-receptor activity suggest that it is the fatty acid content, rather than the cholesterol content, of the diet that regulates cholesterol homeostasis. We studied the effect of total energy, source of energy, and fat on growth indexes of children <6 y of age in Latin America with use of food balance data. With respect to availability of animal fat, a negative relation was evident for being underweight (percentage weight-for-age <2 SDs of the World Health Organization-National Center for Health Statistics standards) and for having a low birth weight$$$ the latter was also negatively related to energy. Wasting (percentage weight-for-height <2 SDs) was not related to dietary factors. These results suggest that diets that provide <22% of energy from fat and that are low in animal fats may restrict growth. The coexistence of early stunting with adult obesity in Latin America creates a dilemma for public nutrition intervention programs.
Comparison of the effects of plant sterol ester and plant stanol ester-enriched margarines in lowering serum cholesterol concentrations in hypercholesterolaemic subjects on a low-fat diet.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate cholesterol-lowering effects of stanol ester (STAEST) and sterol ester (STEEST)-enriched margarines as part of a low-fat diet., DESIGN: According to a Latin square model randomized double-blind repeated measures design with three test margarines and three periods., SETTING: Outpatient clinical trial with free-living subjects., SUBJECTS: Thirty-four hypercholesterolaemic subjects completed the study., INTERVENTIONS: Subjects consumed three rapeseed oil-based test margarines (STAEST, STEEST and control (no added stanols or sterols)) as part of a low-fat diet each for 4 weeks., RESULTS: Mean daily intake of total plant sterols plus stanols was 2.01-2.04 g during the two test margarine periods. In reference to control, serum total cholesterol was reduced by 9.2 and 7.3% with the STAEST and STEEST margarine, respectively (P<0.001 for both). The respective reductions for low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol were 12.7 and 10.4% (P<0. 001). The cholesterol-lowering effects of the test margarines did not differ significantly. The presence of apolipoprotein E4 allele had a significant effect on LDL cholesterol response during the STAEST margarine only. Serum sitosterol and campesterol increased by 0.83 and 2.77 mg/l with the STEEST (P<0.001), respectively and decreased by 1.18 and 2.60 mg/l with the STAEST margarine (P<0.001). Increases of serum sitostanol and campestanol were 0.11 and 0.19 mg/l with the STAEST margarine (P<0.001), repsectively. No significant changes were found in serum fat-soluble vitamin and carotenoid concentrations when related to serum total cholesterol., CONCLUSIONS: STAEST and STEEST margarines reduced significantly and equally serum total and LDL cholesterol concentrations as part of a low-fat diet., SPONSORSHIP: Grant to the University of Kuopio by Raisio Benecol Ltd, Raisio, Finland.
Effects on serum lipids, lipoproteins and fat soluble antioxidant concentrations of consumption frequency of margarines and shortenings enriched with plant stanol esters.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To examine in humans the effects on serum lipids, lipoproteins and fat-soluble antioxidants of a daily consumption of 2.5 g plant stanols, consumed either once per day at lunch or divided over the three meals., DESIGN: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, cross-over design., SUBJECTS: Thirty-nine healthy normocholesterolemic or mildly hypercholesterolemic subjects participated., INTERVENTIONS: Each subject consumed in random order$$$ no plant stanols$$$ 2.5 g plant stanols at lunch$$$ and 2.5 g plant stanols divided over the three meals (0.42 g at breakfast, 0.84 g at lunch and 1.25 g at dinner, which is proportional to dietary cholesterol intake). Each period lasted 4 weeks. Plant stanols were esterified with fatty acids from low erucic rapeseed oil (LEAR) and incorporated into margarines or shortenings., RESULTS: Consumption of 2.5 g plant stanols at lunch results in a similar low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol-lowering efficacy compared to consumption of 2.5 g plant stanols divided over the three meals (-0. 29 mmol/l compared with the control period (P<0.001$$$ 95% CI, -0.19 to -0.39 mmol/l) for the once per day diet and -0.31 mmol/l (P<0. 001$$$ 95% CI, -0.20 to -0.41 mmol/l)) for the three times per day period). High-density Lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol and triacylglycerol concentrations did not change. After standardization for LDL cholesterol, the sum of the most lipophylic hydrocarbon carotenoids (ie alpha-carotene, beta-carotene and lycopene) in particular was slightly, though not significantly, lowered by -0. 017+/-0.018 micromol/mmol LDL cholesterol (P=0.307) after the once per day period and by -0.032+/-0.016 micromol/mmol LDL cholesterol (P=0.049) after the three times per day period., CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest that for lowering LDL cholesterol concentrations it is not necessary to consume products rich in plant stanol ester at each meal or simultaneously with dietary cholesterol., SPONSORSHIP: Raisio Group, Raisio, Finland.
High-dose growth hormone does not affect proinflammatory cytokine (tumor necrosis factor-alpha, interleukin-6, and interferon-gamma) release from activated peripheral blood mononuclear cells or after minimal to moderate surgical stress.$$$ High-dose GH therapy, with GH doses 10-20 times the normal replacement dose for GH-deficient adults, has been used as an anti-catabolic agent in a number of different patient groups. A recent study, however, has shown an increase in mortality in critically ill patients treated with high-dose GH. The increased mortality was associated with multiorgan failure, septic shock, and uncontrolled infection, suggesting that GH may have altered the immune response. The GH receptor and GH are both expressed in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs)$$$ thus, GH could act as either an endocrine or an autocrine modulator of the immune response. We have examined the hypothesis that high-dose GH therapy may induce proinflammatory cytokines, which are implicated in septic shock. To do this we measured cytokine production by PBMCs incubated in conditions that simulated high-dose GH therapy, and we measured cytokine levels in patients undergoing laparoscopic cholecystectomy who were randomized to receive either high-dose GH therapy (13 IU/m2 x day) or placebo. To confirm the biological activity of GH in our cell culture system we used a Stat5 functional assay. In this assay GH induced a bell-shaped curve, with a maximal response at GH levels between 100-1,000 ng/mL. PBMCs from healthy volunteers were incubated with GH in doses from 1-1,000 ng/mL for 6-72 h under resting conditions and after activation with endotoxin and the mixed lymphocyte reaction. Studies were repeated with PBMCs from six individuals using a GH dose of 100 ng/mL (the level of GH found after high-dose GH therapy) and an endotoxin dose that gave a submaximal response (0.01 ng/mL). GH had no effect on cell proliferation or the production of tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNFalpha), interleukin-6 (IL-6), or interferon-gamma (IFNgamma). In patients undergoing laparoscopic cholecystectomy there was a time-related effect of surgery on cytokine levels. There was a rise in IL-6 and a fall in TNFalpha at 24 h after surgery$$$ however, high-dose GH therapy had no effect on the cytokine response. We considered the possibility that endogenous GH production by PBMCs could influence the cytokine response in activated PBMCs$$$ however, incubation of PBMCs in the presence of the GH receptor antagonist, B2036, had no effect on TNFalpha, IL-6, or IFNgamma production by PBMCs in either the mixed lymphocyte reaction or when activated by endotoxin. These results suggest that high-dose GH therapy does not alter the proinflammatory cytokine response to surgery or endotoxin. The results do not exclude an effect of GH on the immune response, but they suggest that the mortality seen in critically ill patients may be due to factors other than immune modulation.
Blood pressure responses to high-calcium skim milk and potassium-enriched high-calcium skim milk.$$$ OBJECTIVE: This study was designed to evaluate the effect of high-calcium skim milk or potassium-enriched high-calcium skim milk on blood pressure compared with nonenriched skim milk., DESIGN: This was a randomized double-blind controlled trial. Each milk intervention lasted for 4 weeks, with a minimum of 4 weeks of wash-out between interventions., METHODS: We recruited 38 healthy people, aged over 40 years, to take part in a double-blind, randomized, controlled cross-over study. We asked them to replace their usual liquid milk with two servings per day of skim milk (control), high-calcium skim milk or potassium-enriched high-calcium skim milk. We measured office blood pressures (seated and standing) at the start and after 2 and 4 weeks of milk intervention and we measured daytime ambulatory blood pressures at the start and after 4 weeks of milk intervention. Each milk intervention was interspaced by a 4-week interval., RESULTS: Office systolic blood pressure (standing) decreased from 127 +/- 16 to 124 +/- 16 mmHg (P<0.05) after 4 weeks of skim milk and from 130 +/- 18 to 126 +/- 17 mmHg (P<0.05) after 4 weeks of high calcium skim milk. After 4 weeks of consuming the potassium-enriched high-calcium milk, systolic blood pressure decreased from 125 +/- 18 to 117 +/- 16 mmHg (P<0.001) seated, and from 130 +/- 16 to 122 +/- 15 mmHg (P<0.001) standing. There were no significant changes in office diastolic blood pressure after any milk. There was no change in ambulatory blood pressure after either skim milk or high-calcium skim milk. After 4 weeks of potassium-enriched high-calcium milk, ambulatory daytime systolic blood pressure decreased from 138 +/- 13 to 135 +/- 11 mm Hg (P<0.05) and daytime diastolic blood pressure decreased from 80 +/- 8 to 78 +/- 9 mmHg (P<0.05)., CONCLUSIONS: High-calcium milk enriched with potassium has a small hypotensive effect in healthy people aged over 40 years.
Substituting enzymatically interesterified butter for native butter has no effect on lipemia or lipoproteinemia in Man.$$$ The aim of this study was to determine whether substituting enzymatically interesterified butter for native butter in the usual diet affects lipid and lipoprotein levels in man. Parameters studied were serum total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol, free cholesterol, phospholipids, triglycerides, apoA1 and apoB and the fatty acid composition of serum triglycerides, free fatty acids, phospholipids and cholesterol esters. Subjects were healthy volunteers and a controlled design was used. The only mathematically significant difference found when interesterified butter was substituted for butter was an about 7% lower fraction of oleic acid in the serum cholesterol esters (p = 0.005). In contrast to an earlier study where chemically interesterified butter fat was substituted for native butter, no indications are found in this study that replacing native butter by enzymatically interesterified butter, in amounts normally consumed, may have any beneficial effect on health. Copyright 2000 S. Karger AG, Basel
Yogurt consumption does not enhance immune function in healthy premenopausal women.$$$ Fermented milk products may protect against breast cancer by stimulating immunologic activity. Twenty-five women [24.0 +/- 0.7 (SE) yr] were assigned randomly to two groups: control (n = 12) and yogurt treatment (n = 13). Controls refrained from yogurt products for three months, whereas the yogurt treatment group consumed two cups (454 g/day) of commercially produced yogurt for three consecutive months. Prior yogurt consumption did not exceed 4-6 cups/mo, and subjects consumed their usual diet during the study. Three-day diet records and fasting midluteal blood samples were obtained during subjects' first, second, and fourth menstrual cycles (baseline, Month 1, and Month 3, respectively). Macronutrient intakes differed between groups only for carbohydrate. Calcium intake increased for yogurt consumers during intervention. Lymphocyte proliferation induced by concanavalin A, phytohemagglutinin, and pokeweed mitogen, interleukin 2 production, and cytotoxic T lymphocyte-mediated cytotoxicity was assessed after baseline and Months 1 and 3 for both groups. No significant immune differences between the control and yogurt treatment group were observed for concanavalin A, phytohemagglutinin, pokeweed mitogen, interleukin-2, or cytotoxicity. In conclusion, three months of yogurt consumption did not enhance ex vivo cell-mediated immune function in young women.
[Preventing the transmission of HIV-1 from mother to child in Africa in the year 2000].$$$ African women of childbearing age are particularly vulnerable to HIV infection, and this has led to an increase in the number of pediatric HIV infections reported due to the risk of mother-to-child transmission (MTCT) of HIV during pregnancy, delivery and breastfeeding. Various approaches to preventing MTCT have been, or are being, evaluated in developing countries, especially in Africa. New data from these trials are becoming available and have implications for population-based intervention programs that require urgent consideration. We performed a critical review of 18 randomized trials and other relevant studies from developing and industrialized countries, to assess public health perspectives and to identify new research issues. Most African results relate to trials of antiretroviral drugs (ARVs) given to mothers during the last month of pregnancy, and for up to one week after delivery, and to the neonate during the first week of life, or simpler and shorter regimens. They indicate that zidovudine treatment, with or without lamivudine, and nevirapine treatment given alone, reduce transmission during the first six months of life by 30 % to 50%. Preliminary results suggest that zidovudine treatment is effective in the long term. One randomized study showed that the replacement of breast feeding with breast milk substitutes was effective at reducing the overall risk of MTCT. Antiseptic disinfection and micronutrient supplementation have been shown to reduce maternal and infant mortality and morbidity, but not the MTCT of HIV. Voluntary, confidential HIV counseling and testing for pregnant women, a short course of peripartum ARVs and alternatives to breast feeding such as early weaning and breast milk substitutes from birth, are currently the best means of reducing the MTCT of HIV in Africa. Pilot programs based on these findings are currently being implemented in several African countries. Prevention of the MTCT of HIV should also be considered as part of the wider management of maternal and infant health during prenatal, delivery and postnatal care. Several complementary issues require further investigation. Some results, such as the long-term efficacy of a short course of ARVs once the mother has finished breast feeding, and the long-term safety of these treatments, require confirmation. Further studies are required into the prevention of postnatal transmission, particularly in light of the unknown consequences of different feeding options and the possibility of post-perinatal prophylaxis with ARVs. The reduction of MTCT of HIV in Africa is a true challenge in efforts to control the HIV pandemic, but recent progress in the identification of effective treatments provides some hope. Large-scale implementation of these new treatments is required, and should provide practical information and perhaps identify more potent, and possibly cheaper, strategies.
Effect of dietary patterns on serum homocysteine: results of a randomized, controlled feeding study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Elevated blood levels of homocysteine are associated with an increased risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. Although numerous studies have assessed the impact of vitamin supplements on homocysteine, the effect of dietary patterns on homocysteine has not been well studied., METHODS AND RESULTS: During a 3-week run-in, 118 participants were fed a control diet, low in fruits, vegetables, and dairy products, with a fat content typical of US consumption. During an 8-week intervention phase, participants were then fed 1 of 3 randomly assigned diets: the control diet, a diet rich in fruits and vegetables but otherwise similar to control, or a combination diet rich in fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy products and reduced in saturated and total fat. Between the end of run-in and intervention periods, mean change in homocysteine was +0.46 micromol/L in the control diet, +0.21 micromol/L in the fruits and vegetables diet (P=0.47 compared with control), and -0.34 micromol/L in the combination diet (P=0.03 compared with control, P=0.12 compared with the fruits and vegetables diet). In multivariable regression models, change in homocysteine was significantly and inversely associated with change in serum folate (P=0.03) but not with change in serum vitamin B(12) (P=0.64) or pyridoxal 5' phosphate, the coenzyme form of vitamin B(6) (P=0.83)., CONCLUSIONS: Modification of dietary patterns can have substantial effects on fasting levels of total serum homocysteine. These results provide additional insights into the mechanisms by which diet might influence the occurrence of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease.
EMLA reduces acute and chronic pain after breast surgery for cancer.$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: A significant percentage of women undergoing breast surgery for cancer may develop neuropathic pain in the chest, and/or ipsilateral axilla and/or upper medial arm, with impairment in performing daily occupational activities. We designed this study to determine if the perioperative application of EMLA (eutectic mixture of local anesthetics$$$ AstraZeneca) cream in the breast and axilla area reduces analgesic requirements, as well as the acute and chronic pain after breast surgery., METHODS: Forty-six female patients scheduled for breast surgery received randomly 5 g of EMLA or placebo on the sternal area 5 minutes before surgery, and 15 g on the supraclavicular area and axilla at the end of the operation. Treatment with EMLA cream (20 g) or placebo was also applied daily on the 4 days after surgery. In the postanesthesia care unit (PACU), 3, 6, 9, and 24 hours after surgery, and on the second to sixth day postoperatively, pain was assessed by visual analogue scale (VAS) at rest and after movement, and postoperative analgesic requirements were recorded. Three months later, patients were asked if they had pain in the chest wall, axilla and/or medial upper arm, decreased sensation, if they required analgesics at home, and for the intensity of pain., RESULTS: Acute pain at rest and with movement did not differ between the EMLA and control groups, and the analgesics consumed during the first 24 hours were the same for the EMLA and control groups. However, time to the first analgesia requirement was longer (P = .04), and codeine and paracetamol consumption during the second to fifth days was less (P = .001, and P = .004, respectively) in the EMLA versus the control group. Three months postoperatively, pain in the chest wall, axilla, and the total incidence and the intensity of chronic pain were significantly less in the EMLA versus the control group (P = .004, P = .025, P = .002 and P = .003, respectively). The use of analgesics at home and abnormal sensations did not differ between the 2 groups., CONCLUSIONS: The application of EMLA to patients undergoing breast surgery for cancer reduced the postoperative analgesic requirements and the incidence and intensity of chronic pain.
Effects of increased consumption of fluid milk on energy and nutrient intake, body weight, and cardiovascular risk factors in healthy older adults.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess the impact of increased consumption of milk, without other dietary advice, on older adults' energy and nutrient intakes, weight, cardiovascular risk factors (blood pressure, plasma lipid levels), and quality of life., SUBJECTS/SETTING: Two hundred four healthy men and women, aged 55 to 85 years, who consumed fewer than 1.5 dairy servings per day were chosen from six US academic health centers., DESIGN: Randomized, controlled open trial., INTERVENTION: Advice to increase skim or 1% milk intake by 3 cups per day (n = 101) or to maintain usual diet (n = 103) for 12 weeks after a 4-week baseline period., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Changes in energy and nutrient intake assessed from 3-day food records, body weight, blood pressure, and plasma lipid levels., STATISTICAL ANALYSES PERFORMED: Group-by-time analysis of variance with repeated-measures, chi 2 test., RESULTS: Compliance with the intervention was good. Compared with controls, participants in the milk-supplemented group significantly increased energy, protein, cholesterol, vitamins A, D, and B-12, riboflavin, pantothenate, calcium, phosphorus, magnesium, zinc, and potassium intakes. Prevalence of nutrient inadequacy, assessed for nutrients with Estimated Average Requirements, decreased among women in the milk group for magnesium (40% at baseline vs 13% at 12 weeks, P < .001) and vitamin B-12 (6% vs 0%, P < .05) and tended to decrease (P < .10) for protein and thiamin (women) and magnesium and vitamin B-6 (men). The milk group gained 0.6 kg more than control group (P < .01)$$$ however, weight gain was less than predicted, which suggests some compensation for the added energy from milk. Blood pressure decreased similarly over time in both groups. Total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels, and the ratio of total cholesterol to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, were unchanged. Triglyceride levels increased within the normal range in the milk group (P = .002). Quality of life scores were high at baseline and remained high throughout., APPLICATIONS/CONCLUSIONS: Older adults can successfully increase milk intake, thereby meaningfully improving their nutrient intakes. Dietitians can play a key role in disseminating this advice.
Incremental reduction of serum total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol with the addition of plant stanol ester-containing spread to statin therapy.$$$ This study compares the effect of plant stanol ester spread with a placebo spread on cholesterol in patients taking statin therapy, but who still had elevated low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol. This was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial, with 67 women and 100 men with LDL cholesterol >/=130 mg/dl and triglycerides </=350 mg/dl who had been taking a stable dose of a statin drug for at least 90 days before the start of the study. For 8 weeks, participants consumed 3 servings/day of the plant stanol ester spread that provided 5.1 g/day of plant stanol ester or a placebo. The addition of plant stanol ester spread significantly reduced total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol at 2, 4, and 8 weeks when compared with placebo spread. Plant stanol ester spread reduced total cholesterol at 8 weeks by 12% compared with a placebo reduction of 5% (-7% difference$$$ p <0.0001). Plant stanol ester spread reduced LDL cholesterol at 8 weeks by 17% compared with a 7% reduction in the placebo group (-10% difference, p <0.0001). The absolute reduction in LDL cholesterol at 8 weeks was 24 and 10 mg/dl in the stanol ester and placebo groups, respectively. The plant stanol ester spread group also had greater reductions in both serum total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol than the placebo group at 2 and 4 weeks (p <0.001 for all comparisons). Both spreads were well tolerated by study participants, and no significant adverse events were noted. Consumption of spread that provided 5.1 g/day of plant stanol esters effectively reduced elevated total and LDL cholesterol levels in participants on a stable regimen of a statin.
Effect of a hypocaloric diet, increased protein intake and resistance training on lean mass gains and fat mass loss in overweight police officers.$$$ We compare the effects of a moderate hypocaloric, high-protein diet and resistance training, using two different protein supplements, versus hypocaloric diet alone on body compositional changes in overweight police officers. A randomized, prospective 12-week study was performed comparing the changes in body composition produced by three different treatment modalities in three study groups. One group (n = 10) was placed on a nonlipogenic, hypocaloric diet alone (80% of predicted needs). A second group (n = 14) was placed on the hypocaloric diet plus resistance exercise plus a high-protein intake (1.5 g/kg/day) using a casein protein hydrolysate. In the third group (n = 14) treatment was identical to the second, except for the use of a whey protein hydrolysate. We found that weight loss was approximately 2.5 kg in all three groups. Mean percent body fat with diet alone decreased from a baseline of 27 +/- 1.8 to 25 +/- 1.3% at 12 weeks. With diet, exercise and casein the decrease was from 26 +/- 1.7 to 18 +/- 1.1% and with diet, exercise and whey protein the decrease was from 27 +/- 1.6 to 23 +/- 1.3%. The mean fat loss was 2. 5 +/- 0.6, 7.0 +/- 2.1 and 4.2 +/- 0.9 kg in the three groups, respectively. Lean mass gains in the three groups did not change for diet alone, versus gains of 4 +/- 1.4 and 2 +/- 0.7 kg in the casein and whey groups, respectively. Mean increase in strength for chest, shoulder and legs was 59 +/- 9% for casein and 29 +/- 9% for whey, a significant group difference. This significant difference in body composition and strength is likely due to improved nitrogen retention and overall anticatabolic effects caused by the peptide components of the casein hydrolysate. Copyright 2000 S. Karger AG, Basel
Fluid snacks to help persons with type 1 diabetes avoid late onset postexercise hypoglycemia.$$$ PURPOSE: The present study assessed whether whole milk, skim milk, or two commercially available sports drinks are effective in preventing late onset postexercise hypoglycemia (LOPEH) in persons with type 1 diabetes mellitus., METHODS: Subjects ingested water, whole milk, skim milk, sport drink A (carbohydrate and electrolytes), or sport drink B (carbohydrate, fat, and protein) before, during, and after 1 h of bicycle exercise at 60% VO2max in the late afternoon. Drinks were isocaloric (470 +/- 150 kcal) and the number of calories consumed was based on individual energy expenditure. No adjustment in insulinization was allowed in anticipation of exercise., RESULTS: During water trials all subjects became hypoglycemic. Most drinks lead to a moderate hyperglycemia (range of mean values = 200-280 mg x dL(-1)) during the period between the end of exercise and dinner, but this was not the case for whole milk (range 80-120 mg x dL(-1)). Glycemia peaked about 1.5 h after dinner and declined over the next 90 min. Persistent hyperglycemia (range of means = 200-310 mg x dL(-1)) from after exercise to about 4 h postexercise was observed with sports drink B. A decline in glycemia in the evening was greatest during the skim milk trial and required subjects to ingest more carbohydrate as a late evening snack. The least decline during this period occurred during the whole milk trial. Subjects experienced pre-bed and early morning (0300 h) hypoglycemia in 7 of the 28 trials., CONCLUSIONS: These data show that whole milk and sports drinks that are designed for both quick (sport drink A) and long lasting (sport drink B) nutrient replenishment can be used by persons with type 1 diabetes in an effort to avoid LOPEH.
Hydrogenated fat consumption affects cholesterol synthesis in moderately hypercholesterolemic women.$$$ To determine mechanisms by which hydrogenated fat influences plasma lipid levels, 14 women (65$$$-71 yrs with LDL-C >/= 130 mg. dl(-)(1)) consumed, for 5-week periods each, a baseline (BL) diet (39% kcal fat, 164 mg chol. 1000 kcal(-)(1)) and reduced fat diets (30% kcal) where two-thirds of the fat was either soybean oil (SO), low trans squeeze (SQM), medium trans tub (TM), or high trans stick (SM) margarines, or butter (BT). Plasma lipid levels were analyzed at the end of each phase. Fractional synthesis rates (FSR) in pools/day (p. d(-)(1)) and absolute synthesis rates (ASR) in grams/day (g. d(-)(1)) of free cholesterol (FC) were measured using the deuterium incorporation methodology. Plasma total (P < 0.01) and low density lipoprotein (P < 0.05) cholesterol levels increased with increasing degree of hydrogenation or saturated fat intake. High density lipoprotein cholesterol levels (P < 0.05) were lowest on the SM diet when compared to the BT diet. Low trans SQM (0.081 +/- 0.019 p. d(-)(1)) and medium trans TM (0.086 +/- 0.029 p. d(-)(1)) diets elicited responses similar to the SO (0.078 +/- 0.024 p. d(-)(1)) diet, whereas high trans SM (0.053 +/- 0.029 p. d(-)(1)) diet mimicked the BT (0.062 +/- 0.017 p. d(-)(1)) and high fat BL (0.053 +/- 0.023 p. d(-)(1)) diet in its suppression (P < 0.05) of FSR-FC. ASR-FC, which is an approximation of the daily production of newly synthesized cholesterol, showed a trend similar to the FSR-FC data. These results indicate that reduced synthesis is not responsible for the higher plasma TC levels seen with consumption of the SM, BT, and BL diets, and suggest that another mechanism, possibly impairment of the catabolic pathway of cholesterol, is involved.
Modulation of plasma lipid levels and cholesterol kinetics by phytosterol versus phytostanol esters.$$$ It has been suggested that phytosterol and phytostanol esters possess similar cholesterol-lowering properties, however, whether mechanisms responsible are identical has not been addressed. To address this question, cholesterol plasma levels, absorption, biosynthesis, and turnover were measured in 15 hypercholesterolemic subjects consuming prepared diets each over 21 d using a cross-over design. Diets contained either i) margarine (M), ii) margarine with phytosterol esters (MSE) (1.84 g/d), or iii) margarine with phytostanol esters (MSA) (1.84 g/d). Cholesterol absorption was measured using the ratio of [(13)C]cholesterol(oral):D(7)-cholesterol(IV)$$$ biosynthesis using D incorporation from D(2)O and turnover by D(7)-cholesterol(IV) decay rates. Plasma total cholesterol level at d 21/22 was lower (P < 0. 05) for MSE (13.4%) but not MSA (10.2%) versus M (6.0%) diets. Plasma low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) mean reductions at d 21/22 were larger (P < 0.05) for MSE (12.9%) and MSA (7.9%) compared with M (3.9%). Plasma TG and high density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) levels did not differ across diets. Cholesterol absorption was reduced (P < 0.05) 36.2 and 25.9% at d 21 for MSE and MSA versus M, while cholesterol biosynthesis was reciprocally increased (P < 0.05) 53.3 and 37.8% for MSE and MSA versus M, respectively. Cholesterol turnover was not influenced by diet. These data indicate that plant sterol and stanol esters differentially lower circulating total and LDL cholesterol levels by suppression of cholesterol absorption in hypercholesterolemic subjects.
A pilot study to evaluate the treatment of basal cell carcinoma with 5-fluorouracil using phosphatidyl choline as a transepidermal carrier.$$$ BACKGROUND: In certain situations, successful topical therapy of basal cell carcinoma (BCC) without the inconvenience, risk, and expense of surgery would be of great value to patients. Placing 5-fluorouracil (FU) in an appropriate carrier may solve these problems. Phosphatidyl choline (PC) penetrates effectively throughout the epidermis of shaved rabbits and may be able to carry small water-soluble molecules such as nucleotides across lipid barriers when applied topically., OBJECTIVE: We propose that employing PC as a vehicle will facilitate the penetration of 5-FU and increase efficacy as compared to petrolatum-based 5-FU cream., METHODS: This pilot study is a double-blinded and randomized therapeutic trial. Thirteen patients with 17 biopsy-proven, moderate thickness BCCs were randomized to receive either cream A (5% 5-FU in a PC vehicle) or cream B (Efudex(R): 5% 5-FU in a petrolatum base). Patients applied cream A or cream B twice a day for 4 weeks. The patients underwent an excisional biopsy of the treated BCC site at week 16., RESULTS: There was a 90% cure rate (9/10) in those lesions treated with 5% 5-FU in PC cream and a 57% cure rate (4/7) in those treated with 5% 5-FU in a petrolatum-based cream., CONCLUSION: Although the study was unable to detect any statistically significant differences in outcome between the study groups, this small pilot study shows preliminary findings which may indicate an increase in the short-term eradication of BCC using a PC-based vehicle as compared to conventional petrolatum-based formulations.
Effect of 8 week intake of probiotic milk products on risk factors for cardiovascular diseases.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effect of a probiotic milk product containing the culture CAUSIDO(R) and of two alternative products on risk factors for cardiovascular disease in overweight and obese subjects., DESIGN: An 8 week randomized, double-blind, placebo- and compliance-controlled, parallel study., SUBJECTS: Seventy healthy, weight-stable, overweight and obese (25.0<BMI<37.5 kg/m2) males (n=20) and females (n=50), 18-55 y old, were randomly assigned into five groups., INTERVENTION: Four groups consumed 450 ml fermented milk products (yoghurt) daily. Group 1: a yoghurt fermented with two strains of Streptococcus thermophilus and two strains of Lactobacillus acidophilus (StLa). Group 2: a placebo yoghurt fermented with delta-acid-lactone (PY). Group 3: a yoghurt fermented with two strains of Streptococcus thermophilus and one strain of Lactobacillus rhamnosus (StLr). Group 4: a yoghurt fermented with one strain of Enterococcus faecium and two strains of Streptococcus thermophilus (CAUSIDO(R) culture), GAIO(R) (G). The dietary composition of the yoghurt was otherwise similar. The fifth group was given two placebo pills (PP) daily., RESULTS: When comparing all five treatment groups, unadjusted for changes in body weight, no statistical effects were observed in week 8 in the G-group on low density lipoproteins (LDL)-cholesterol (P=0.29). After adjustment for small changes in body weight, LDL-cholesterol decreased by 8.4% (0.26+/-0.10 mmol/l$$$ P<0.05) and fibrinogen increased (0.74+/-0.32 mmol/l$$$ P<0.05) after 8 weeks in the G-group. This was significantly different from the group consuming chemically fermented yoghurt and the group consuming placebo pills (P<0.05). After 8 weeks, systolic blood pressure was significantly more reduced in the StLa and G-group compared to StLr. No other differences were found., CONCLUSION: The CAUSIDO(R) culture reduced LDL-cholesterol and increased fibrinogen in the overweight subjects at a 450 ml consumption daily for 8 weeks. The effect on LDL-cholesterol confirms previous studies. An immunostimulation by one of the strains in the product might explain the effect on fibrinogen in the G-group., SPONSORSHIP: MD Foods A/S, Denmark.
Plant stanol esters affect serum cholesterol concentrations of hypercholesterolemic men and women in a dose-dependent manner.$$$ The effect of plant stanol ester on serum cholesterol is dose-dependent. However, it is not clear what the dose is beyond which no additional benefit can be obtained. Therefore, we determined the dose-response relationship for serum cholesterol with different doses of plant stanol ester in hypercholesterolemic subjects. In a single-blind design each of 22 men or women consumed five different doses of plant stanol [target (actual) intake 0 (0), 0.8 (0.8), 1.6 (1.6), 2.4 (2.3), 3.2 (3.0) g/d] added as plant stanol esters to margarine for 4 wk. The order of dose periods was randomly determined. Serum total cholesterol concentration decreased (calculated in reference to control) by 2.8% (P = 0.384), 6.8% (P < 0.001), 10.3% (P < 0.001) and 11.3% (P < 0.001) by doses from 0.8 to 3.2 g. The respective decreases for LDL cholesterol were 1.7% (P = 0. 892), 5.6% (P < 0.05), 9.7% (P < 0.001) and 10.4% (P < 0.001). Although the decreases were numerically greater with 2.4 and 3.2 g doses than with the 1.6 g dose, these differences were not significant (P = 0.054-0.516). Serum plant stanols rose slightly, but significantly with the dose (P < 0.001). Apolipoprotein B concentration was decreased significantly already at the dose of 0.8 g (8.7%, P < 0.001). Apolipoprotein E genotype did not affect the lipid responses. We conclude that significant reduction of serum total and LDL cholesterol concentrations is reached with the 1.6-g stanol dose, and increasing the dose from 2.4 to 3.2 g does not provide clinically important additional effect.
Immunologic effects of yogurt.$$$ Many investigators have studied the therapeutic and preventive effects of yogurt and lactic acid bacteria, which are commonly used in yogurt production, on diseases such as cancer, infection, gastrointestinal disorders, and asthma. Because the immune system is an important contributor to all of these diseases, an immunostimulatory effect of yogurt has been proposed and investigated by using mainly animal models and, occasionally, human subjects. Although the results of these studies, in general, support the notion that yogurt has immunostimulatory effects, problems with study design, lack of appropriate controls, inappropriate route of administration, sole use of in vitro indicators of the immune response, and short duration of most of the studies limit the interpretation of the results and the conclusions drawn from them. Nevertheless, these studies in toto provide a strong rationale for the hypothesis that increased yogurt consumption, particularly in immunocompromised populations such as the elderly, may enhance the immune response, which would in turn increase resistance to immune-related diseases. This hypothesis, however, needs to be substantiated by well-designed randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled human studies of an adequate duration in which several in vivo and in vitro indexes of peripheral and gut-associated immune response are tested.
Effect of administration of fermented milk containing whey protein concentrate to rats and healthy men on serum lipids and blood pressure.$$$ The effect of fermented milk supplemented with whey protein concentrate on the serum lipid level of rats was investigated. The serum total cholesterol level for the group fed fermented milk with both Lactobacillus casei TMC0409 and Streptococcus thermophilus TMC 1543 was significantly lower than that of the control group (P<0.05) in rats. Furthermore, the effect of the longterm intake of this fermented milk on the serum lipid level of twenty healthy adult men was investigated. During the 8-wk study, the volunteers consumed 200 ml of fermented milk or placebo in the morning and evening. Blood samples were drawn for analysis three times, just before taking the experimental diet, and after 4 wk and 8 wk of consumption. After 8 wk, the high density lipoprotein cholesterol level for the fermented milk group showed a significant rise after 4 wk (P<0.05), whereas that of the placebo group showed no change even after 4 wk (P>0.05). The triglyceride level for the fermented milk group lowered significantly after 4 wk (<0.05), whereas that of the placebo group showed no change even after 4 wk (P>0.05). The atherogenic index [(total cholesterol - high density lipoprotein cholesterol)/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol] for the fermented milk group decreased significantly from 4.24 to 3.52 (P<0.05). The systolic blood pressure lowered significantly by the intake of fermented milk (P<0.05) On the other hand, such effect was not observed in the placebo group (P>0.05). These results indicate potential of the development of fermented milk with multiple therapeutic effects.
Effect of breastfeeding and formula feeding on transmission of HIV-1: a randomized clinical trial.$$$ CONTEXT: Transmission of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) is known to occur through breastfeeding, but the magnitude of risk has not been precisely defined. Whether breast milk HIV-1 transmission risk exceeds the potential risk of formula-associated diarrheal mortality in developing countries is unknown., OBJECTIVES: To determine the frequency of breast milk transmission of HIV-1 and to compare mortality rates and HIV-1-free survival in breastfed and formula-fed infants., DESIGN AND SETTING: Randomized clinical trial conducted from November 1992 to July 1998 in antenatal clinics in Nairobi, Kenya, with a median follow-up period of 24 months., PARTICIPANTS: Of 425 HIV-1-seropositive, antiretroviral-naive pregnant women enrolled, 401 mother-infant pairs were included in the analysis of trial end points., INTERVENTIONS: Mother-infant pairs were randomized to breastfeeding (n = 212) vs formula feeding arms (n = 213)., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Infant HIV-1 infection and death during the first 2 years of life, compared between the 2 intervention groups., RESULTS: Compliance with the assigned feeding modality was 96% in the breastfeeding arm and 70% in the formula arm (P<.001). Median duration of breastfeeding was 17 months. Of the 401 infants included in the analysis, 94% were followed up to HIV-1 infection or mortality end points: 83% for the HIV-1 infection end point and 93% to the mortality end point. The cumulative probability of HIV-1 infection at 24 months was 36.7% (95% confidence interval [CI], 29.4%-44.0%) in the breastfeeding arm and 20.5% (95% CI, 14.0%-27.0%) in the formula arm (P = .001). The estimated rate of breast milk transmission was 16.2% (95% CI, 6.5%-25.9%). Forty-four percent of HIV-1 infection in the breastfeeding arm was attributable to breast milk. Most breast milk transmission occurred early, with 75% of the risk difference between the 2 arms occurring by 6 months, although transmission continued throughout the duration of exposure. The 2-year mortality rates in both arms were similar (breastfeeding arm, 24.4% [95% CI, 18.2%-30.7%] vs formula feeding arm, 20.0% [95% CI, 14.4%-25.6%]$$$ P = .30). The rate of HIV-1-free survival at 2 years was significantly lower in the breastfeeding arm than in the formula feeding arm (58.0% vs 70.0%, respectively$$$ P = .02)., CONCLUSIONS: The frequency of breast milk transmission of HIV-1 was 16.2% in this randomized clinical trial, and the majority of infections occurred early during breastfeeding. The use of breast milk substitutes prevented 44% of infant infections and was associated with significantly improved HIV-1-free survival.
Consumption of oat milk for 5 weeks lowers serum cholesterol and LDL cholesterol in free-living men with moderate hypercholesterolemia.$$$ The aim of this study was to investigate whether consumption of a newly developed oat milk deprived of insoluble fiber would result in lower serum cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol levels in men with moderate hypercholesterolemia. The study had a randomized, controlled double-blind design, and oat milk was compared with an identically flavored control drink. Sixty-six men were recruited from a screening program and were randomly assigned to two groups. Each group took either oat milk or a control drink (rice milk) for 5 weeks (0.75 liters/day) and then switched to the other drink regimen for another 5-week period with a 5-week washout period between the test periods. The oat milk contained more dietary fiber, especially beta-glucan (0.5 g/100 g), than the control drink (<0.02 g/100 g). Both drinks were well appreciated and got similar sensory evaluation, indicating that the double-blind design had been attained. In the final analysis 52 subjects remained. Compared with the control drink, intake of oat milk resulted in significantly lower serum total cholesterol (6%, p = 0.005) and LDL cholesterol (6%, p = 0.036) levels. The decrease in LDL cholesterol was more pronounced if the starting value was higher (r = -0.55, p < 0.001). The concentration of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol was not significantly different after consumption of the two drinks. Serum triglycerides did not change significantly after intake of oat milk, but a significant increase was observed after intake of the control drink (p = 0.003). It is concluded that also oat milk deprived of insoluble fiber has cholesterol-reducing properties.
Double-blind study of the addition of high-protein soya milk v. cows' milk to the diet of patients with severe hypercholesterolaemia and resistance to or intolerance of statins.$$$ Total substitution of soyabean protein for animal protein in the diet has been repeatedly shown to lower plasma cholesterol levels in hypercholesterolaemic individuals. A new, highly palatable, high-protein soya drink may allow replacement of a significant percentage of animal protein in the diet. The soya drink was given, within a crossover design v. a cows' milk preparation of similar composition and taste, to twenty-one severely hypercholesterolaemic patients (mean baseline plasma cholesterol 8.74 mmol/l) with a history of resistance to or intolerance of statin treatment. Each dietary supplement was given for 4 weeks, with a 4-week interval between treatments, Plasma lipid levels were monitored every 2 weeks during each dietary sequence. The concomitant dietary treatment, which had been followed for a long time by all patients, was carefully monitored throughout the study. The soya supplementation reduced plasma total cholesterol level by 6.5%, when given first, and by 7.4% when given after cows' milk. When given first, cows' milk resulted in a small, non-significant reduction of plasma cholesterol level (-3.9%), and when given after soya, it changed total plasma cholesterol to a minimal extent (-1.6%). Changes in total and LDL-cholesterol levels after 2 and 4 weeks of soya v. cows' milk treatment were, thus, respectively -6.1, -7.0 and -6.2, -7.8% (both P < 0.05). These first data from a double-blind study confirm a significant cholesterol-lowering effect of soyabean protein, even when only partly replacing animal protein in the diet, in individuals with extreme plasma cholesterol elevations.
The effect of palm oil, lard, and puff-pastry margarine on postprandial lipid and hormone responses in normal-weight and obese young women.$$$ Only a few studies have been published on the postprandial effects of different fatty acids in obese subjects. Therefore, the present study investigated the effects of three test meals containing palm oil (PO), lard (LD), or puff-pastry margarine (PPM), all normal dietary ingredients, on postprandial lipid and hormone responses in normal-weight and obese young women. The study was performed as a randomized, crossover design. The fats differed in the content of palmitic acid, stearic acid, and trans monounsaturated fatty acids allowing a dietary comparison of different 'solid' fatty acids. The obese women had significantly higher fasting concentrations and postprandial responses of plasma total triacylglycerol (TAG), chylomicron-TAG, and insulin compared with the normal-weight women but there was no significant difference in the postprandial responses between the three test meals. The obese women had fasting concentrations of leptin four times greater than the normal-weight women. There were no postprandial changes in the concentrations of leptin. The fasting concentrations of HDL-cholesterol were significantly lower in the obese women than in the normal-weight women, whereas there was no significant difference between the two groups in the concentrations of total cholesterol or LDL-cholesterol. These results provide evidence that obese women have exaggerated lipid and hormone responses compared with normal-weight women but the different contents of saturated and trans monounsaturated fatty acids provided by PO, LD, and PPM have no effect in either group.
Cellulite treatment: a myth or reality: a prospective randomized, controlled trial of two therapies, endermologie and aminophylline cream.$$$ Cellulite is a common phenomenon that particularly affects the thighs and buttocks of women. Little scientific evidence exists to support any of the many advertised treatments for it. A total of 52 of 69 women, who were divided into three groups, completed a 12-week, randomized, controlled trial in which the effectiveness of two different treatments for cellulite was assessed. The patients acted as their own controls. The treatments investigated were twice-daily application of aminophylline cream and twice-weekly treatment with Endermologie ES1. Group 1 (double blind) received aminophylline to one thigh/buttock and a placebo cream to the other. Group 2 (singly blind) received Endermologie to one thigh/buttock. Group 3 received Endermologie to both sides and used the same cream regimen as group 1. Results were assessed subjectively by the patient and by clinical examination and photographic assessment by the surgeon (before and after the trial). Morphologic assessment included body mass index, thigh girth at two points, and thigh fat depth measurement by ultrasound. No statistical difference existed in measurements between legs for any of the treatment groups (paired t test, p > 0.4). The best subjective assessment, by the patients themselves, revealed that only 3 of 35 aminophylline-treated legs and 10 of 35 Endermologie-treated legs had their cellulite appearance improved. The authors do not believe that either of these two treatments is effective in improving the appearance of cellulite.
Breast-feeding in Bangkok, Thailand: current status, maternal knowledge, attitude and social support.$$$ BACKGROUND: The promotion of breast-feeding is one of the essential interventions for reduction of infant mortality and improving infant development worldwide. The aim of the present study was to examine the current status of infant feeding and the influences of suspected family sociodemographic characteristics and social support as well as maternal knowledge, attitudes and behaviours in infant feeding since the Baby-Friendly Hospital Initiative was launched in Thailand., METHODS: A total of 221 mother-infant pairs were randomly drawn from six health care centers in Bangkok from 20 April to 1 May 1998. Health care staff, using a structured questionnaire, interviewed the mothers in the health care centers., RESULTS: Most sampled mothers believed that breast milk was the best food for their infants and knew that breast milk had many advantages for infants, mothers and families. Ninety-five percent of mothers breast-fed their infants up to 3 months postpartum, but the prevalence of exclusive breast-feeding was relatively low (62.4%). Multiple logistic regression analyses revealed that the following factors independently increased the risk of mixed or formula feeding during the first 3 months of life: (i) mothers with a full-time job$$$ (ii) grandmothers and other people as the main child caretakers$$$ (iii) mothers who did not have an antenatal plan of exclusive breast-feeding$$$ and (iv) newborns' non-exclusive breast-feeding in hospitals after birth. However, the mother being a housewife, mother as the main child caretaker, an antenatal plan of exclusive breast-feeding and exclusive breast-feeding in hospital were more likely to improve exclusive breast-feeding., CONCLUSION: The prevalence of exclusive breast-feeding was relatively low. Antenatal plans for exclusive breast-feeding and newborn feeding type in hospital after birth may play key roles in the duration of exclusive breast-feeding. These findings suggest the importance of strengthening implementation of the Baby-Friendly Hospital policy and prenatal health education regarding breast-feeding.
Effects of low-fat stanol ester enriched margarines on concentrations of serum carotenoids in subjects with elevated serum cholesterol concentrations.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effects of low-fat stanol ester margarines on concentrations of serum carotenoids., DESIGN: A randomized parallel double-blind study design consisting of a 4-week run-in (high-fat diet) and an 8-week experimental (low-fat, low-cholesterol diet) period. During the experimental diet period subjects consumed low-fat wood stanol ester (WSEM), vegetable oil stanol ester (VOSEM) or control (no stanol esters) margarine daily. The daily mean total stanol intake was 2.31 and 2.16 g in the WSEM and VOSEM groups, respectively., SETTING: Outpatient clinical trial with free-living subjects., SUBJECTS: Altogether, 60 hypercholesterolaemic subjects were selected for the study out of 91 originally screened. The study was completed by 55 subjects., MAIN OUTCOMES MEASURES: Serum alpha- and beta-carotene and lycopene determined by the HPLC., RESULTS: Serum alpha-carotene concentration did not change significantly in either of the experimental groups, whereas beta-carotene concentration decreased significantly in the WSEM and VOSEM groups (P<0.01), and the change differed significantly (P<0.05 and P <0.01, respectively) from that of the control group. Decrease in alpha+beta-carotene concentration was significantly greater (P <0.05) in both experimental groups than in the control group. However, the change in alpha-, beta- or alpha+beta-carotene/total cholesterol ratio did not differ significantly among the groups. No significant changes were found in serum lycopene or lycopene/total cholesterol ratio in both experimental groups., CONCLUSIONS: Low-fat stanol ester margarines appeared to have little effect on serum concentrations of alpha-, beta- or alpha + beta-carotene, or lycopene., SPONSORSHIP: Grant to the University of Kuopio by Raisio Benecol Ltd, Raisio, Finland.
Lipidemic effects of an interesterified mixture of butter, medium-chain triacylglycerol and safflower oils.$$$ The objective of this study was to determine if the positional structure of dietary triacylglycerol affected lipidemic responses. Thirty healthy adults (16 men and 14 postmenopausal women) with low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) concentrations >3.37 mM (130 mg/dL) enrolled in a prospective, single-blind, cross-over outpatient clinical trial that consisted of two 5-wk dietary phases. After baseline screening, subjects were instructed to follow individualized meal plans (weight maintenance diets with 36% of total energy from fat, half of which was from a test oil) and randomized to receive either butter (B) or an interesterified mixture (IM) of butter, medium-chain triacylglycerol (MCT), and safflower oils. Blood drawn during weeks 5 and 10 of feeding was analyzed for total cholesterol (TC), high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C),LDL-C, and triacylglycerols (TAG). Mean plasma levels of TC (B, 6.98+/-1.06 mM$$$ IM, 7.09+/-1.20 mM), HDL-C (B,1.30+/-0.35 mM$$$ IM, 1.29+/-0.34 mM), and LDL-C (B, 4.91+/-0.95 mM$$$ IM, 4.92+/-1.10 mM) were not significantly different between the two dietary treatments. Mean TAG levels were higher for the interesterified B-MCT mixture (B, 1.75+/-0.72 mM$$$ IM, 1.96+/-0.86 mM, P < 0.05). We conclude that an IM of B, MCT, and safflower oils as compared to native B has no appreciable effect on plasma cholesterol concentrations but is associated with a modest rise in plasma TAG.
Restraint, weight suppression, and self-report reliability: how much do you really weigh?.$$$ This study examined the effects of weight suppression on eating behaviors in a standard restraint ice cream taste-test paradigm. Participants were 58 female restrained eaters categorized by self-report as either high- or low-weight suppressors. Prior to the taste test, half of the participants received a milkshake preload. The amount of ice cream consumed during the taste test was the primary measure of interest. A 2 x 2 analysis of variance (ANOVA) indicated no significant differences between groups. This contradicts previously reported results in which restrained eaters consumed more following a preload than in the no-preload condition and provides further evidence that restraint is not a homogeneous construct. These results also question the use of self-report measures to determine an individual's level of weight suppression.
Therapeutic response of basal cell carcinoma to the immune response modifier imiquimod 5% cream.$$$ BACKGROUND: Basal cell carcinoma (BCC) responds to interferon therapy. Imiquimod is a cytokine and interferon inducer., OBJECTIVE: This randomized, double-blind pilot trial evaluated the safety and efficacy of imiquimod 5% cream versus vehicle in the treatment of BCC., METHODS: In this population of 35 patients with BCC, 24 received imiquimod 5% cream and 11 received vehicle cream in 1 of 5 dosing regimens for up to 16 weeks. Six weeks after treatment, an excisional biopsy of the target site was performed., RESULTS: BCC cleared (on the basis of histologic examination) in all 15 patients (100%) dosed twice daily, once daily, and 3 times weekly$$$ in 3 of 5 (60%) patients dosed twice weekly$$$ 2 of 4 (50%) dosed once weekly$$$ and in 1 of 11 (9%) treated with vehicle. Adverse events were predominantly local reactions at the target tumor site, with the incidence and severity of local skin reactions declining in groups dosed less frequently., CONCLUSION: Imiquimod 5% cream shows clinical efficacy in the treatment of BCC.
Gender differences in food and nutrient intakes and status indices from the National Diet and Nutrition Survey of people aged 65 years and over.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To determine the patterns and possible explanations for gender differences in food choices, nutrient intakes and status indices, especially for micronutrients, in a representative sample of older people living in Britain, who participated in the National Diet and Nutrition Survey of people aged 65 y and over during 1994-95., DESIGN: The Survey procedures included a health-and-lifestyle interview, a four-day weighed diet record, anthropometric measurements and a fasting blood sample for biochemical indices., SETTING: Eighty randomly-selected postcode sectors from mainland Britain., SUBJECTS: Of 1556 older people not living in institutions who were interviewed, 80% agreed to provide a complete four-day diet record and 63% agreed to give a blood sample for status index measurements., INTERVENTIONS: None., MAIN RESULT: The most highly significant gender differences in food choices were that women ate more butter, full-fat milk and certain beverages, cakes, apples, pears and bananas, whereas men ate more eggs, sugar, certain meat products and drank more alcoholic drinks, especially beer and lager. When adjusted for energy intakes, the younger women (65-79 y) had higher intakes than the younger men, of fat, retinol, vitamin C and calcium. The older women (80+ y) had higher intakes than older men, of fat and vitamin E, but lower intakes of protein, zinc and beta-carotene. The younger women had better status indices than the younger men: for alpha- and beta-carotenes, beta-cryptoxanthin and vitamin C. Women had higher plasma concentrations of cholesterol and HDL cholesterol, phosphate and copper, but lower indices of iron and vitamin D status, than men. These gender differences in status were not altered by inclusion of the corresponding nutrient intakes in the model., CONCLUSIONS: There are gender differences in food choices, in energy and nutrient intakes and in nutritional blood status indices in older British people, especially those aged 65-79 y. Some of the status differences are attenuated in the age group of 80 y and older, whereas others are enhanced. The relationships between the quantity and type of foods or nutrients consumed, and nutrient status, are complex. With respect to suspected risk and protective factors for vascular disease, women aged 65-79 y had significantly better status for plasma alpha- and beta-carotene, ascorbate, HDL-cholesterol and homocysteine$$$ but, in contrast, they had lower blood haemoglobin concentrations and higher concentrations of total and non-HDL-cholesterol.
Retinol, vitamin D, carotenes and alpha-tocopherol in serum of a moderately hypercholesterolemic population consuming sitostanol ester margarine.$$$ We have shown earlier that sitostanol ester margarine lowers serum cholesterol by inhibiting cholesterol absorption so that, theoretically, there could be interference with the absorption of fat-soluble vitamins. Accordingly, we investigated whether sitostanol ester margarine affects the serum levels of vitamin D, retinol, alpha-tocopherol and alpha- and beta-carotenes during 1-year treatment in 102 subjects and 49 controls with moderate hypercholesterolemia. The vitamins were assayed at baseline on home diet, on margarine alone, after 1 year's consumption of sitostanol ester margarine and after an additional 2 months on home diet. In the sitostanol group, serum plant sterols, indicators of cholesterol absorption efficiency, were reduced up to -38% in relation to controls from home diet (P < 0.01) indicating that cholesterol absorption was markedly reduced. Vitamin D and retinol concentrations and the ratio of alpha-tocopherol to cholesterol were unchanged by sitostanol ester. Serum beta-carotenes and alpha-carotene concentration but not proportion were reduced in the sitostanol group from baseline and in relation to controls (P < 0.01). Retinol and vitamin D were unassociated with serum cholesterol, plant sterols or other vitamins, whereas alpha-tocopherol and carotenes were significantly associated with serum plant sterols suggesting that the higher cholesterol absorption efficiency, the higher the alpha-tocopherol and carotene levels in serum. We conclude that sitostanol ester did not affect vitamin D and retinol concentrations and alpha-tocopherol/cholesterol proportion, but reduced serum beta-carotene levels. Alpha-tocopherol and carotenes, but not vitamin D and retinol, were related to serum cholesterol and cholesterol absorption.
Enhancement of the innate and cellular immune response in patients with genital warts treated with topical imiquimod cream 5%.$$$ The mechanism of action of imiquimod 5% cream applied topically to patients with genital warts was evaluated in a double-blind, placebo-controlled study. Imiquimod (16 patients) or placebo (three patients) was applied three times per week for up to 16 weeks. All imiquimod-treated patients had a > or =75% reduction in total wart area while only one of three placebo-treated patients had a similar reduction. Wart biopsies were taken at prestudy, week 6, and end of treatment. Polymerase chain reaction (PCR) for human papillomavirus (HPV) DNA and reverse transcriptase (RT)-PCR for messenger (m)RNAs were used to identify cytokines, cellular markers, viral gene products, and cell cycle markers in these biopsies. Treatment with imiquimod, an immune response modifier, stimulated significant increases in mRNA for interferon (IFN)-alpha, IFN-gamma and 2',5' oligoadenylate synthetase (2',5'-AS) as well as a tendency towards increases in tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha and interleukin-12 p40. Significant increases in mRNA for CD4 and a trend toward increases in CD8 were also observed in imiquimod-treated patients, suggesting activation of a cell mediated immune response. Imiquimod administration was also associated with a significant decrease in viral load as measured by HPV DNA and L1 mRNA. The effects on HPV markers were accompanied by an apparent decrease in mRNA expression for markers of cell proliferation and an increase in mRNA for markers of keratinocyte differentiation and tumor suppressors.
Nutrient intakes and cholesterol values of the parents in a prospective randomized child-targeted coronary heart disease risk factor intervention trial--the STRIP project.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To analyze food consumption, nutrient intakes and serum cholesterol concentrations of the parents in a child-targeted CHD intervention trial, during which the age of children increased from 7 months to 5 y., DESIGN AND SUBJECTS: The children were randomized to an intervention group (n = 540) or a control group (n = 522) at six months of age. The intervention families were counseled at 3-6 month intervals to reduce their child's intake of saturated fat and cholesterol. Dietary issues were discussed with the control families only briefly. The parents' food consumption was analyzed by 24 h dietary recall at the child's age of 7 and 13 months and at 2, 3, 4, and 5 y. Nutrient intakes were calculated using the Micro-Nutrica program., RESULTS: The mothers and fathers of the intervention children used less butter, more margarine and more skim milk than those of the control children (P < 0.001 for all measurements). After the onset of counseling, the intervention mothers consumed continuously less fat (1.4 E% less at the child's age of 5 y), less saturated fat (1.5 E% less at the child's age of 5 y) and more polyunsaturated fat (0.5 E% more at the child's age of 5 y) than the control mothers (P = 0.008, P < 0.001 and P < 0.001 for trend, respectively). After the child's age of 13 months the intervention fathers also had a continuously lower fat intake (2.4 E% less at the child's age of 5 y) and consumed less saturated fat (1.5 E% less at the child's age of 5 y) than the control fathers (P < 0.001 for trend for both measurements). The serum cholesterol concentration of the intervention mothers was consistently lower than that of the control mothers during the intervention (at child's age of 5 y 4.86 and 5.09 mmol/L, respectively$$$ P for trend = 0.03), while the values of the intervention and control fathers showed no differences., CONCLUSIONS: Continuous dietary intervention begun in infancy and focused on modification of the child's diet according to the current principles of preventive cardiology, was accompanied by a moderate decrease in the intake of total and saturated fat in the parents, but serum cholesterol concentration diminished consistently only in the mothers of the intervention children.
Modification of subcutaneous adipose tissue by a methylxanthine formulation: a double-blind controlled study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Excessive subcutaneous adipose tissue is typically treated by physically removing the fat through liposuction, but cost and accessibility have popularized alternative treatments for reducing adipose tissue thickness., OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to test the absolute and relative effectiveness of a liposome-encapsulated caffeine-based cream in modifying subcutaneous adipose tissue., METHODS: Forty-one patients consented and completed the double-blind, single-center, placebo-controlled study. Caliper measurements, tape measurements, and photographs were taken over a 2-month period., RESULTS: Both concentrations of the cream were found to significantly reduce the thickness of the adipose tissue in all areas of the body. In addition, the more concentrated cream was significantly more effective than the less concentrated cream in the areas of the hips and the triceps., CONCLUSION: The caffeine-based liposome-encapsulated cream significantly reduced the thickness of the subcutaneous fat over a 2-month period.
Effects of butter oil blends with increased concentrations of stearic, oleic and linolenic acid on blood lipids in young adults.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The aim of this present project was to evaluate a more satisfactory effect on plasma lipoprotein profile of spreads based on dairy fat., DESIGN: This study was designed as a randomised cross-over experiment with a three-week treatment separated by a three-week wash-out period. Sixty five grams of the fat content of the habitual diets was replaced by either butter/grapeseed oil (90:10) (BG)$$$ butter oil and low erucic rapeseed oil (65:35) (BR) or butter blended in a 1:1 ratio with a interesterified mixture of rapeseed oil and fully hydrogenated rapeseed oil (70: 30) (BS)., SUBJECTS: Thirteen healthy free-living young men (age 21-26 y) fulfilled the study., INTERVENTIONS: At the beginning and end of each diet period two venous blood samples were collected. Triacylglycerol and cholesterol concentrations in total plasma and VLDL, LDL, IDL and HDL fractions were measured, as were apo A-1 and apo B concentrations. Fatty acid composition of plasma phospholipids, plasma cholesterol ester and platelets was also determined., RESULTS: Significantly (P < 0.05) lower total and LDL-cholesterol concentrations were observed after the BR and BS period, compared to BG. The effect of BR and BS did not differ. BG and BR resulted in equal concentrations of HDL-C, but significantly higher than BS. Consequently, a significantly lower LDL-C/HDL-C ratio was seen after the BR treatment compared to BG and BS. Apo A-1 concentrations were not significantly different, but Apo B was significantly increased after BG., CONCLUSIONS: Partially replacing milk fat with rapeseed oil seems to yield a more healthy spread. Stearic acid had a HDL-C lowering effect compared to milk fat, but did not affect LDL-C significantly. The addition of stearic acid did not improve the plasma lipoprotein profile for young men with low cholesterol levels.
Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension: a summary of study results. DASH Collaborative Research Group.$$$ The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension multicenter trial examined the impact of dietary patterns on blood pressure in 459 adults with blood pressure < 160 mm Hg systolic and 80 to 95 mm Hg diastolic. After a 3-week run-in period on a control diet low in fruits, vegetables, and dairy products, and with a fat content typical for Americans, participants were randomized for 8 weeks to either the control diet, a diet rich in fruits and vegetables, or a combination diet that emphasized fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy products. Body weight and sodium intake were held constant, and physical activity did not change during the intervention. Baseline mean +/- standard deviation systolic and diastolic blood pressures were 131.3 +/- 10.8 mm Hg and 84.7 +/- 4.7 mm Hg, respectively. Relative to the control diet, the combination diet reduced blood pressure by 5.5 mm Hg and diastolic blood pressure by 3.0 mm Hg (P < .001). For those on the fruits and vegetables diet, blood pressure reductions relative to control were 2.8 mm Hg systolic (P < .001) and 1.1 mm Hg diastolic (P < .07). In 133 participants with hypertension, the combination diet produced a net blood pressure reduction of 11.4 and 5.5 mm Hg systolic and diastolic, respectively (P < .001). In participants without hypertension (n = 326), the corresponding blood pressure reductions were 3.5 mm Hg systolic (P < .001) and 2.1 mm Hg diastolic (P < .003). In other subgroup analyses, minorities showed relatively larger reductions in blood pressure than nonminorities (P < .001). We conclude that the dietary pattern reflected in the combination diet can substantially reduce blood pressure, and, accordingly, provides an additional lifestyle approach to preventing and treating hypertension.
A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of 5-fluorouracil for the treatment of cervicovaginal human papillomavirus.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To compare intravaginal 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) and placebo for the treatment of cervical and/or vaginal human papillomavirus (HPV)., METHODS: A randomized, placebo-controlled trial was performed. Women with HPV detected visually or by Papanicolaou (Pap) test and confirmed by colposcopic biopsy were randomized to receive either intravaginal 5-FU cream or an intravaginal placebo cream. Women with cervical or vaginal intraepithelial neoplasia were excluded. The primary outcome measure was cytologic regression of HPV as determined by Pap test screening 4 to 6 months after treatment. The secondary outcome was cytologic evidence of disease progression at both the 4-6-month and 12-month follow-up evaluations. Data were analyzed using the Chi square test with significance established at P < 0.05., RESULTS: A total of forty patients were randomized, and thirty patients had a follow-up Pap test 4 to 6 months after treatment. Of those patients treated with 5-FU, 28% demonstrated regression of HPV on cytologic evaluation, compared with 69% of those treated with placebo (P < 0.05). Twelve-month follow-up cytology was available from 18 of the study participants. There were no significant differences in the frequency of cytologic progression or regression between groups at 12 months., CONCLUSION: Four to six months post treatment, the use of intravaginal 5-FU for the treatment of cervical or vaginal HPV is associated with a lower rate of regression than the use of placebo.
Assessment of advice to reduce dietary fat and non-milk extrinsic sugar in a free-living male population.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To compare the effect of advice to reduce both dietary fat and sugar with advice to reduce fat alone on subsequent dietary intake in Scottish men., DESIGN: A parallel design intervention study was employed to measure compliance to the two types of dietary advice. Subjects were randomly assigned to Group 1 (advice to reduce fat and non-milk extrinsic (NME) sugar), Group 2 (advice to reduce fat only, ad libitum sugar) or a control Group 0 (no advice). Compliance was assessed by two 4-day food diaries over 6 months., SETTING: The study was conducted in the Strathclyde area of Scotland., SUBJECTS: Subjects were normal to moderately overweight Scottish men. The men recruited were non-dieting and volunteered for a 'healthy eating' study with the aim to improve the 'healthiness' of their diet., RESULTS: Groups 1 and 2 achieved the dietary target for fat, reducing their mean intake to below 35% energy. Group 1 achieved a statistically significant reduction in percentage energy from NME sugar in the short term (6 weeks), decreasing their mean intake from 9.9% to 7.2% energy. This initial decrease appeared to slip back towards baseline levels at 6 months (8.1% energy from NME sugar) and was no longer significantly different from baseline. At 6 months Group 1 reported a significantly lower mean energy intake than at baseline, whereas Group 2 adjusted for an initial decrease in energy intake and by 6 months energy intakes were not significantly different from baseline intakes. Group 2 appeared to compensate for the absolute reduction in dietary fat with a slight increase in total sugars and the maintenance of NME sugar intakes., CONCLUSIONS: Subjects in Group 1 complied with advice to reduce both fat and sugar over 6 weeks but to a lesser extent over 6 months. The 1.8% reduction in percentage energy from NME sugars in Group 1 at 6 months may not have reached significance due to the small sample size. Alternatively it may be that free-living populations find it hard to maintain concurrent reductions in fat and sugar owing to the well-documented inverse relationship between intakes of these macronutrients when expressed as a proportion of energy.
Serum cholesterol ester fatty acids in 7- and 13-month-old children in a prospective randomized trial of a low-saturated fat, low-cholesterol diet: the STRIP baby project. Special Turku coronary Risk factor Intervention Project for children.$$$ To evaluate changes that occur in serum cholesterol ester fatty acid composition during the transition from typical infant feeding to a more adult type of nutrition, this study compared the effects on serum cholesterol ester fatty acids of breast milk or formula at the age of 7 mo with effects caused by 6-mo dietary intervention in 137 children. The intervention [Special Turku coronary Risk factor Intervention Project for children (STRIP baby project)] aimed at a reduction of saturated fat intake to 10% of energy after the age of 1 y without purposefully influencing total fat intake. Nutrient intakes were calculated from 3-d food records. At the age of 7 mo, i.e. before dietary education began, milk type markedly influenced dietary and serum cholesterol ester fatty acid composition (mean serum cholesterol ester 16:0 in breastfed vs formula-fed infants, 13.7% vs 12.0%, respectively, p < 0.001$$$ serum cholesterol ester 18:2n-6 50.6% vs 57.6%, p < 0.001). At the age of 13 mo the calculated fat intake of the intervention and control children differed markedly but serum cholesterol ester fatty acid compositions in all children resembled closely those measured in 7-mo-old breastfed infants, e.g. at the age of 13 mo the relative proportions of 18:2n-6 were 49.9% and 51.1% in previously formula-fed intervention and control children, respectively, and 50.3% and 50.1% in previously breastfed intervention and control children, respectively. In conclusion, serum cholesterol ester fatty acid composition reflected differences in dietary fat quality (breast milk or formula) at the age of 7 mo, whereas dietary intervention as applied in the STRIP baby project had only a minimal effect.
Relation between the intake of milk fat and the occurrence of conjugated linoleic acid in human adipose tissue.$$$ BACKGROUND: Conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) is a group of naturally occurring fatty acids mainly present in fats from ruminants. CLA has been shown to be a potential anticarcinogen., OBJECTIVE: In this study, the relation between bovine milk fat intake and the occurrence of CLA in human adipose tissue was investigated., DESIGN: One hundred twenty-three men weighed and recorded the foods they consumed for 1 wk. Afterward, recall interviews were conducted by telephone monthly for 7 consecutive months to inquire about food consumption during the previous 24 h. The entire dietary recording procedure was repeated once. The fatty acid composition of adipose tissue and serum was analyzed., RESULTS: The average amount of one isomer of CLA--9-cis,11-trans-octadecadienoic acid (9c,11t-18:2)--as a percentage of total fatty acids was found to be 0.50% in adipose tissue and 0.25% in serum. The amount of 9c,11t-18:2 in adipose tissue was significantly correlated with milk fat intake (r = 0.42). The percentage of 9c,11t-18:2 in both adipose tissue and in serum was strongly correlated with myristoleic acid (14:1)., CONCLUSION: The amount of 9c,11t-18:2 in human adipose tissue was significantly related to milk fat intake.
Tissue-type plasminogen activator antigen and consumption of dairy products. The DESIR study. Data from an Epidemiological Study on Insulin Resistance Syndrome.$$$ We investigated whether tissue-type plasminogen activator antigen (t-PA-Ag) was associated with intake of meat, fish, or dairy products. The study population comprised 295 women and 299 men aged 30-64 years, which was a random sample from the D.E.S.I.R. (Data from an Epidemiological Study on the Insulin Resistance syndrome) study comprising 5214 men and women in total. T-PA-Ag was measured in fasting blood samples and the habitual intake of foods was assessed by several questions on a food frequency questionnaire. Cross-sectional data were analyzed. The mean t-PA-Ag concentration was 3.28 ng/mL (SD, 1.26) in men and 2.52 ng/mL (SD, 1.22) in women. The concentration of t-PA-Ag was inversely associated with the consumption of milk and milk products in women (p for trend: 0.15) and in men (p for trend: 0.04). The difference between subjects with a low and a high milk consumption was 13% in women and 19% in men. Similar results were observed for consumption of cheese. The concentration of t-PA-Ag was 21 and 8% lower for women and men with a high cheese consumption, respectively, compared to those with a low consumption. Further analyses showed that the association of t-PA-Ag with milk and milk product consumption was independent of cheese consumption and vice versa. No association between meat or fish intake and t-PA-Ag was observed. The results of this study indicate that, if confirmed by others, a high intake of dairy products may influence fibrinolysis by an effect on t-PA-Ag.
Effects of different forms of dietary hydrogenated fats on serum lipoprotein cholesterol levels.$$$ BACKGROUND: Metabolic studies suggest that fatty acids containing at least one double bond in the trans configuration, which are found in hydrogenated fat, have a detrimental effect on serum lipoprotein cholesterol levels as compared with unsaturated fatty acids containing double bonds only in the cis configuration. We compared the effects of diets with a broad range of trans fatty acids on serum lipoprotein cholesterol levels., METHODS: Eighteen women and 18 men consumed each of six diets in random order for 35-day periods. The foods were identical in each diet, and each diet provided 30 percent of calories as fat, with two thirds of the fat contributed as soybean oil (<0.5 g of trans fatty acid per 100 g of fat), semiliquid margarine (<0.5 g per 100 g), soft margarine (7.4 g per 100 g), shortening (9.9 g per 100 g), or stick margarine (20.1 g per 100 g). The effects of those diets on serum lipoprotein cholesterol, triglyceride, and apolipoprotein levels were compared with those of a diet enriched with butter, which has a high content of saturated fat., RESULTS: The mean (+/-SD) serum low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol level was 177+/-32 mg per deciliter (4.58+/-0.85 mmol per liter) and the mean high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol level was 45+/-10 mg per deciliter (1.2+/-0.26 mmol per liter) after subjects consumed the butter-enriched diet. The LDL cholesterol level was reduced on average by 12 percent, 11 percent, 9 percent, 7 percent, and 5 percent, respectively, after subjects consumed the diets enriched with soybean oil, semiliquid margarine, soft margarine, shortening, and stick margarine$$$ the HDL cholesterol level was reduced by 3 percent, 4 percent, 4 percent, 4 percent, and 6 percent, respectively. Ratios of total cholesterol to HDL cholesterol were lowest after the consumption of the soybean-oil diet and semiliquid-margarine diet and highest after the stick-margarine diet., CONCLUSIONS: Our findings indicate that the consumption of products that are low in trans fatty acids and saturated fat has beneficial effects on serum lipoprotein cholesterol levels.
Risk of stomach cancer in relation to consumption of cigarettes, alcohol, tea and coffee in Warsaw, Poland.$$$ To identify reasons for the high incidence rates of stomach cancer in Poland, we conducted a population-based case-control study in Warsaw. Cases were residents aged 21 to 79 years who were newly diagnosed with stomach cancer between March 1, 1994, and April 30, 1997. Controls were randomly selected from Warsaw residents registered at the nationwide Polish Electronic System of Residence Evidency, frequency-matched to cases by age and sex. Information on demographic characteristics$$$ consumption of cigarettes, alcohol, tea and coffee$$$ diet$$$ medical history$$$ family history of cancer$$$ occupational history$$$ and living conditions during adolescence was elicited by trained interviewers using a structured questionnaire. Included were 464 cases (90% of eligible) and 480 controls (87% of eligible). Among men, the risk of stomach cancer was significantly elevated among current smokers (OR = 1.7, 95% CI = 1.1-2.7) but not among former smokers. The excess risk was largely confined to long-term and heavy smokers, with significant 2-fold excess risk among men who smoked 40 or more pack-years. Among women, an 80% increase in risk was observed in both current and former smokers but dose-response trends were less consistent than among men. Alcohol consumption was not clearly related to risk, and no association was found for drinking regular coffee or herbal tea or using milk/cream in coffee or tea. A significant reduction in risk was linked to daily tea drinking among women, but not among men. Our findings confirm an association with cigarette smoking, which is estimated to account for approximately 20% of stomach cancers diagnosed among Warsaw residents during the study period.
Differential effects of saturated and monounsaturated fatty acids on postprandial lipemia and incretin responses in healthy subjects.$$$ BACKGROUND: Elevations of postprandial triacylglycerol-rich plasma lipoproteins and suppressions of HDL-cholesterol concentrations are considered potentially atherogenic. Long-term studies have shown beneficial effects of monounsaturated fatty acids (eg, oleic acid) on fasting lipid and lipoprotein concentrations in humans. A direct stimulatory effect of oleic acid on the secretion of glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) was shown in animal studies., OBJECTIVE: We compared the postprandial responses of glucose, insulin, fatty acids, triacylglycerol, gastric inhibitory polypeptide (GIP), and GLP-1 to test meals rich in saturated and monounsaturated fatty acids., DESIGN: Ten young, lean, healthy persons ingested 3 meals: an energy-free soup consumed with 50 g carbohydrate (control meal), the control meal plus 100 g butter, and the control meal plus 80 g olive oil. Triacylglycerol and retinyl palmitate responses were measured in total plasma, in a chylomicron-rich fraction, and in a chylomicron-poor fraction., RESULTS: No significant differences in glucose, insulin, or fatty acid responses to the 2 fat-rich meals were seen. Plasma triacylglycerol responses were highest after the butter meal, with chylomicron triacylglycerol rising 2.5-5-fold. Retinyl palmitate responses were higher and more prolonged after the butter meal than after the control and olive oil meals, whereas both postprandial HDL-cholesterol concentrations and GLP-1 and GIP responses were higher after the olive oil meal than after the butter meal., CONCLUSIONS: Olive oil induced lower triacylglycerol concentrations and higher HDL-cholesterol concentrations than butter, without eliciting differences in concentrations of glucose, insulin, or fatty acids. Furthermore, olive oil induced higher concentrations of GLP-1 and GIP than did butter, which may point to a relation between fatty acid composition, incretin responses, and triacylglycerol metabolism in the postprandial phase.
Cholesterol reduction by different plant stanol mixtures and with variable fat intake.$$$ Our aim was to investigate (1) whether different campestanol/sitostanol mixtures in margarine differ in reducing serum cholesterol, and (2) whether sitostanol ester in butter decreases serum cholesterol and alters cholesterol absorption and metabolism. Twenty-three postmenopausal women replaced 25 g dietary fat with (1) sitostanol ester-rich (campestanol to sitostanol ratio 1:11) and (2) campestanol ester-rich (campestanol to sitostanol ratio 1:2) rapeseed oil margarine, (3) butter, and (4) sitostanol ester-rich (campestanol to sitostanol ratio 1:13) butter. The respective scheduled stanol intake was 3.18, 3.16, and 2.43 g/d. The 6-week margarine periods and, after an 8-week washout, 5-week butter periods were double-blind and in random order. Serum cholesterol precursor sterols (indicators of cholesterol synthesis) and plant sterols (indicators of cholesterol absorption) were quantified with gas-liquid chromatography (GLC). Low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol was reduced by 8% and 10% with the sitostanol and campestanol ester-rich margarines versus baseline (P < .05 for both) and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol was increased by 6% and 5% (P < .05), so the LDL/HDL cholesterol ratio was reduced by 15% (P < .05 for both). Sitostanol ester-rich butter decreased LDL cholesterol 12% and the LDL/HDL cholesterol ratio 11% (P < .05 for both) versus the butter period. The serum proportions of plant sterols and cholestanol were similarly reduced and those of cholesterol precursor sterols were similarly increased during all periods (P < .05 for all). Serum proportions of sitostanol and campestanol were slightly increased, indicating that their absorption related to their dietary intake. During all stanol interventions, serum vitamin D and retinol concentrations and alpha-tocopherol to cholesterol ratios were unchanged, whereas those of alpha- and beta-carotenes were significantly reduced. We conclude that varying the campestanol to sitostanol ratio from 1:13 to 1:2 in margarine and in butter similarly decreased cholesterol absorption, LDL cholesterol, and the LDL/HDL cholesterol ratio such that the serum lipids became less atherogenic.
Spreads enriched with three different levels of vegetable oil sterols and the degree of cholesterol lowering in normocholesterolaemic and mildly hypercholesterolaemic subjects.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the dose-response relationship between cholesterol lowering and three different, relatively low intake levels of plant sterols (0.83, 1.61, 3.24 g/d) from spreads. To investigate the effects on lipid-soluble (pro)vitamins., DESIGN: A randomized double-blind placebo controlled balanced incomplete Latin square design using five spreads and four periods. The five study spreads included butter, a commercially available spread and three experimental spreads fortified with three different concentrations of plant sterols., SUBJECTS: One hundred apparently healthy normocholesterolaemic and mildly hypercholesterolaemic volunteers participated., INTERVENTIONS: Each subject consumed four spreads, each for a period of 3.5 week., RESULTS: Compared to the control spread, total cholesterol decreased by 0.26 (CI: 0.15-0.36), 0.31 (CI: 0.20-0.41) and 0.35 (CI: 0.25-0.46) mmol/L, for daily consumption of 0.83, 1.61 and 3.24 g plant sterols, respectively. For LDL-cholesterol these decreases were 0.20 (CI: 0.10-0.31), 0.26 (CI: 0.15-0.36) and 0.30 (CI: 0.20-0.41). Decreases in the LDL/HDL ratio were 0.13 (CI: 0.04-0.22), 0.16 (CI: 0.07-0.24) and 0.16 (CI: 0.07-0.24) units, respectively. Differences in cholesterol reductions between the plant sterol doses consumed were not statistically significant. Plasma vitamin K1 and 25-OH-vitamin D and lipid standardized plasma lycopene and alpha-tocopherol were not affected by consumption of plant sterol enriched spreads, but lipid standardized plasma (alpha + beta)-carotene concentrations were decreased by about 11 and 19% by daily consumption of 0.83 and 3.24 g plant sterols in spread, respectively., CONCLUSIONS: The three relatively low dosages of plant sterols had a significant cholesterol lowering effect ranging from 4.9-6.8%, 6.7-9.9% and 6.5-7.9%, for total, LDL-cholesterol and the LDL/HDL cholesterol ratio, respectively, without substantially affecting lipid soluble (pro)vitamins. No significant differences in cholesterol lowering effect between the three dosages of plant sterols could be detected. This study would support that consumption of about 1.6 g of plant sterols per day will beneficially affect plasma cholesterol concentrations without seriously affecting plasma carotenoid concentrations.
Yoghurt enriched with Lactobacillus acidophilus does not lower blood lipids in healthy men and women with normal to borderline high serum cholesterol levels.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether intake of Lactobacillus acidophilus strain L-1 lowers serum cholesterol in healthy men and women., DESIGN: Randomised, placebo-controlled parallel trial., SETTING: Subjects were free-living. Blood sampling and distribution of yoghurts were administered at a local hospital., SUBJECTS: Seventy-eight adult men and women with cholesterol levels of 3.9-7.8 mmol/L (mean +/- s.d., 5.4+/-0.7)., INTERVENTIONS: Subjects consumed 500 mL of control yoghurt daily for two weeks. They were then randomly allocated to receive 500 mL per day of control yoghurt or of yoghurt enriched with Lactobacillus acidophilus L-1 for another six weeks. The yoghurts were spiked with a trace of lithium$$$ compliance as assessed by plasma lithium was excellent., RESULTS: Energy and nutrient intake was constant, and identical for the two groups. Mean body weight was stable. Baseline blood lipid concentrations in the control and treatment groups were highly similar. The effect of consumption of Lactobacillus acidophilus L-1 vs. control on total cholesterol was -0.02 mmol/L (95% CI, -0.18-0.15) after three weeks and 0.04 mmol/L (95% CI, -0.12-0.20) after six weeks. Serum LDL and HDL-cholesterol and triacylglycerol levels were also unaffected., CONCLUSIONS: Yoghurt enriched with Lactobacillus acidophilus L-1 does not lower serum cholesterol in men and women with normal to borderline high cholesterol levels.
Randomized trial of the short-term effects of dieting compared with dieting plus aerobic exercise on lactation performance.$$$ BACKGROUND: Limiting postpartum weight retention is important for preventing adult obesity, but the effect of weight loss on lactation has not been studied adequately., OBJECTIVE: We evaluated whether weight loss by dieting, with or without aerobic exercise, adversely affects lactation performance., DESIGN: At 12+/-4 wk postpartum, exclusively breast-feeding women were randomly assigned for 11 d to a diet group (35% energy deficit$$$ n = 22), a diet plus exercise group (35% net energy deficit$$$ n = 22), or a control group (n = 23). Milk volume, composition, and energy output$$$ maternal weight, body composition, and plasma prolactin concentration$$$ and infant weight were measured before and after the intervention., RESULTS: Weight loss averaged 1.9, 1.6, and 0.2 kg in the diet, diet + exercise, and control groups, respectively (P < 0.0001) and was composed of 67% fat in the diet group and nearly 100% fat in the diet + exercise group. Change in milk volume, composition, and energy output and infant weight did not differ significantly among groups. However, there was a significant interaction between group and baseline percentage body fat: in the diet group only, milk energy output increased in fatter women and decreased in leaner women. The plasma prolactin concentration was higher in the diet and diet + exercise groups than in the control group., CONCLUSIONS: Short-term weight loss (approximately 1 kg/wk) through a combination of dieting and aerobic exercise appears safe for breast-feeding mothers and is preferable to weight loss achieved primarily by dieting because the latter reduces maternal lean body mass. Longer-term studies are needed to confirm these findings.
Sweetener augmentation of serum triacylglycerol during a fat challenge test in humans.$$$ OBJECTIVE: High concentrations of fructose enhance postprandial lipemia following lipid loading whereas glucose exerts a negative or minimal effect. This study evaluated the effect of lower sweetener concentrations and the contribution of their sweetness level and palatability., METHODS: At each of four test sessions, twelve male and ten female healthy adults ingested one of four milkshakes containing 108 g dairy cream alone or supplemented with 30 g fructose, 17.5 g glucose or 1 g aspartame. Blood samples were collected at baseline, two, four, six and eight hours after ingestion. Sensory discrimination tests were conducted after the last two sessions., RESULTS: Fructose and glucose led to 37% (p = 0.03) and 59% (p = 0.08) rises in triacylglycerol area under the curve (TG AUC) when compared to the plain milkshake, respectively. Although the sweetened shakes were equisweet and were more palatable than the plain shake, the TG rise after the aspartame milkshake did not differ from the plain milkshake., CONCLUSIONS: These data indicate that low levels of glucose and fructose consumed with lipid enhance postprandial lipemia. Sweetness and palatability did not account for the effect.
Plasma and lipoprotein levels of tea catechins following repeated tea consumption.$$$ Epidemiological studies suggest that antioxidant flavonoids in tea may reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease, possibly via protection of low-density lipoproteins (LDL) against oxidation. However, the extent of absorption of tea flavonoids and their accumulation in LDL during regular consumption of tea is not clear. Therefore we investigated plasma and lipoprotein levels of catechins during tea consumption and the impact on LDL oxidizability ex vivo. Eighteen healthy adults consumed, in an incomplete balanced cross-over design, green tea, black tea, black tea with milk or water, one cup every 2 hr (eight cups/day) for three days. Blood samples were obtained in the mornings and evenings of each day. Plasma total catechin concentration was determined in all blood samples, and the distribution of catechins among lipoproteins was determined at the end of the third day (t = 60 hr). The resistance of LDL to copper-induced oxidation ex vivo was assessed before tea consumption and at t = 60 hr. Repeated tea consumption during the day rapidly increased plasma total catechin levels whereas they declined overnight when no tea was consumed. There was a gradual increase in plasma levels in the mornings (respectively, 0.08 microM vs. 0.20 microM on first and last day of black tea consumption) and evenings (respectively, 0.29 microM vs. 0.34 microM on first and last day of black tea consumption). Green tea catechins were mainly found in the protein-rich fraction of plasma (60%) and in high-density lipoproteins (23%). Although present in LDL, the concentration of catechins in LDL was not sufficient to enhance the resistance of LDL to oxidation ex vivo. Addition of milk to black tea did not affect any of the parameters measured. In conclusion, the present study shows that catechin levels in blood rapidly increase upon repeated tea consumption. The accumulation of catechins in LDL particles is not sufficient to improve the intrinsic resistance of LDL to oxidation ex vivo.
Serum sterols during stanol ester feeding in a mildly hypercholesterolemic population.$$$ We investigated the changes of cholesterol and non-cholesterol sterol metabolism during plant stanol ester margarine feeding in 153 hypercholesterolemic subjects. Rapeseed oil (canola oil) margarine without (n = 51) and with (n = 102) stanol (2 or 3 g/day) ester was used for 1 year. Serum sterols were analyzed with gas-liquid chromatography. The latter showed a small increase in sitostanol peak during stanol ester margarine eating. Cholestanol, campesterol, and sitosterol proportions to cholesterol were significantly reduced by 5-39% (P < 0.05 or less for all) by stanol esters$$$ the higher their baseline proportions the higher were their reductions. The precursor sterol proportions were significantly increased by 10- 46%, and their high baseline levels predicted low reduction of serum cholesterol. The decrease of the scheduled stanol dose from 3 to 2 g/day after 6-month feeding increased serum cholesterol by 5% (P < 0. 001) and serum plant sterol proportions by 8-13% (P < 0.001), but had no consistent effect on precursor sterols. In twelve subjects, the 12-month level of LDL cholesterol exceeded that of baseline$$$ the non-cholesterol sterol proportions suggested that stimulated synthesis with relatively weak absorption inhibition contributed to the non-responsiveness of these subjects. In conclusion, plant stanol ester feeding lowers serum cholesterol in about 88% of subjects, decreases the non-cholesterol sterols that reflect cholesterol absorption, increases the sterols that reflect cholesterol synthesis, but also slightly increases serum plant stanols. Low synthesis and high absorption efficiency of cholesterol results in the greatest benefit from stanol ester consumption.
Evaluation of the effects of a new fermented milk product (Gaio) on primary hypercholesterolemia.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To verify the effects on the lipid profile of a product of fermented milk (Gaio) in patients with mild to moderate primary hypercholesterolemia., DESIGN: The study was prospective, randomized, double-blinded and placebo controlled, with a crossover design., SUBJECTS: Thirty-two patients (21 women and 11 men) with ages ranging between 36 and 65 years old were included in the study. All of them were on a controlled diet for at least 8 weeks., INTERVENTION: Patients began, after clinical and laboratory analysis, in a randomized and double-blind manner to take 200 g daily of Gaio or its placebo. After 8 weeks blood was collected again for lipid profile evaluation and the crossover was made. After an additional 8 weeks blood was collected for another lipid profile determination., RESULTS: All patients included completed the study. Comparisons were made between means of lipid profile constituents after the placebo and active product periods. These showed significant mean reduction of 5.3% (P = 0.004) for total cholesterol, 6.15% (P = 0.012) for LDL-cholesterol and no significant variation for HDL-cholesterol and triglycerides. The majority of patients presented no variation or had a decrease in their total cholesterol level. However, during the active product period, three patients showed an increase in cholesterol level by more than 5%., CONCLUSION: The fermented milk (Gaio) produced a small but statistically significant decrease in total and LDL-cholesterol mean. However, not all subjects seem to respond to the product, and a few subjects showed a cholesterol increment. Further investigations are necessary to clarify this aspect.
Effects of 2 low-fat stanol ester-containing margarines on serum cholesterol concentrations as part of a low-fat diet in hypercholesterolemic subjects.$$$ BACKGROUND: Full-fat sitostanol ester-containing margarine reduces serum total and LDL cholesterol, but the effect of plant stanol ester-containing margarine as part of a low-fat, low-cholesterol diet has not been studied., OBJECTIVE: We investigated the cholesterol-lowering effects of 2 novel, low-fat stanol ester-containing margarines as part of a low-fat diet recommended for hypercholesterolemic subjects., DESIGN: In a parallel, double-blind study, 55 hypercholesterolemic subjects were randomly assigned after a 4-wk high-fat diet (baseline) to 3 low-fat margarine groups: wood stanol ester-containing margarine (WSEM), vegetable oil stanol ester-containing margarine (VOSEM), and control margarine (no stanol esters). The groups consumed the margarines for 8 wk as part of a diet resembling that of the National Cholesterol Education Program's Step II diet. The daily mean total stanol intake was 2.31 and 2.16 g in the WSEM and VOSEM groups, respectively., RESULTS: During the experimental period, the reduction in serum total cholesterol was 10.6% (P < 0.001) and 8.1% (P < 0.05) greater and in LDL cholesterol was 13.7% (P < 0.01) and 8.6% (P = 0.072) greater in the WSEM and VOSEM groups, respectively, than in the control group. Serum campesterol concentrations decreased 34.5% and 41.3% (P < 0.001) in the WSEM and VOSEM groups, respectively. Serum HDL cholesterol, sitostanol, campestanol, beta-carotene, and fat-soluble vitamin concentrations did not change significantly from baseline., CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that the low-fat, plant stanol ester-containing margarines are effective cholesterol-lowering products in hypercholesterolemic subjects when used as part of a low-fat, low-cholesterol diet. They offer an additional, clinically significant reduction in serum cholesterol concentrations to that obtained with a low-fat diet alone.
Effect of fermented milk (yogurt) containing Lactobacillus acidophilus L1 on serum cholesterol in hypercholesterolemic humans.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Two controlled clinical studies were performed to examine effects of consumption of one daily serving of fermented milk (FM) (yogurt) on serum lipids., METHODS: In the first study, subjects were randomly allocated to FM containing Lactobacillus acidophilus L1 of human origin or to FM containing L. acidophilus ATCC 43211 of swine origin. In this single-blind study, subjects consumed one 200 ml serving of FM daily for 3 weeks. The second study was a double-blind, placebo-controlled, cross-over study. Subjects completed a 4-week first treatment, had a 2-week washout, and completed a second 4-week treatment. In the second study subjects consumed FM containing L. acidophilus L1 or placebo FM over 4 weeks., RESULTS: In the first study, FM containing L. acidophilus L1 was accompanied by a 2.4% (p<0.05) reduction of serum cholesterol concentration. In the second study, strain L1 reduced serum cholesterol concentration by 3.2% (p<0.05) in the first treatment period. In the second treatment period there were no significant changes in serum cholesterol concentration. Combined analysis of the two L1 treatment studies demonstrated a 2.9% (p<0.01) reduction in serum cholesterol concentration., CONCLUSION: Since every 1% reduction in serum cholesterol concentration is associated with an estimated 2% to 3% reduction in risk for coronary heart disease, regular intake of FM containing an appropriate strain of L. acidophilus has the potential of reducing risk for coronary heart disease by 6 to 10%.
Effects of diets enriched in lauric, palmitic or oleic acids on blood coagulation and fibrinolysis.$$$ In this study we compared the effects of specific saturated fatty acids (lauric acid and palmitic acid) with those of a monounsaturated fatty acid (oleic acid) on coagulation and fibrinolytic parameters in healthy women and men. Eighteen women and fourteen men consumed, in random order, three experimental diets, each for six weeks. The diets consisted of solid foods and approximately 70% [28 percent of energy (En%)] of the fat calories was supplied. As determined from duplicate portions, in the lauric acid diet 7.3 En% and in the palmitic acid diet 6.1 En% of oleic acid were exchanged for lauric or palmitic acid, respectively. The lauric acid diet also contained some (average 1.8 En%) more myristic acid. Compared with the oleic acid diet, factor VIIam in the female subjects was 9% higher with the lauric acid diet (P = 0.0036$$$ 95% CI, 3 to 14%) and 10% higher with the palmitic acid diet (P = 0.0011$$$ 95% CI, 5 to 16%). Changes in men were not significant. Plasminogen Activator Inhibitor (PAI-1) activity was higher on the palmitic acid compared with the oleic acid diet (difference between diets of 2.3 U/ml$$$ P = 0.0098$$$ 95% CI, 0.4 to 4.3 U/ml) and the lauric acid diet (difference between diets of 2.2 U/ml$$$ P = 0.0123$$$ 95% CI, 0.2 to 4.1 U/ml). No significant differences between diets were observed for antithrombin III activity, fibrinogen concentrations, fragment 1+2 concentrations, plasminogen or alpha2-antiplasmin activity. From this study, we conclude that diets rich in lauric or palmitic acid, compared with a diet rich in oleic acid, unfavourably influence factor VIIam activity, in a gender specific manner. In addition, the plasminogen activator inhibiting capacity of the plasma is impaired with a palmitic acid rich diet compared with an oleic or lauric acid rich diet.
Postprandial effects of an oleic acid-rich oil compared with butter on clotting factor VII and fibrinolysis in healthy men.$$$ BACKGROUND: Factor VII coagulant activity (FVII:c) is associated with an increased risk of fatal ischemic heart disease, is correlated with plasma triacylglycerol concentration, and increases after a meal rich in long-chain fatty acids., OBJECTIVE: We planned to compare effects of meals rich in oleate and butter fat with those of a low-fat meal on FVII:c and fibrinolytic activity., DESIGN: A crossover design was used to compare the postprandial effects on coagulant and fibrinolytic activities in 12 men of 3 high-fat (95 g) meals--high oleate, butter, and oleate + medium-chain triacylglycerols (oleate+MCT)--with an isoenergetic low-fat meal (18 g MCT). The oleate+MCT blend was used to mimic the ratio of long-chain to shorter-chain fatty acids in butter., RESULTS: Neither the amount nor type of fat consumed influenced plasminogen activator inhibitor 1 or t-plasminogen activator activities or D-dimer concentration. FVII:c increased by 12.5% (95% CI: 4.6%, 20.5%) after the high-fat meals at 3 h and by 6.7% (95% CI: 1.6%, 11.7%) at 7 h and changed 7 h after the low-fat meal by -14.3% (95% CI: -3.3%, -25.4%). The responses to the high-fat meals did not differ. Measurements of activated FVII (FVIIa), FVII zymogen, and activated FXII (FXIIa) concentrations made after the low-fat and high-oleate meals showed a significant increase in FVIIa only after the high-oleate meal., CONCLUSIONS: The results of this study confirm that FVII:c falls after a low-fat meal and suggests that postprandial activation of FVII occurs rapidly after a fat-rich meal without involving an increase in FXIIa.
Effect of dietary patterns on measures of lipid peroxidation: results from a randomized clinical trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Free radical-mediated oxidative damage to lipids is thought to be an important process in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis. Although previous studies have demonstrated a beneficial impact of antioxidant vitamin supplements on lipid peroxidation, the effect of dietary patterns on lipid peroxidation is unknown., METHODS AND RESULTS: During the 3-week run-in period of a randomized trial, 123 healthy individuals were fed a control diet, low in fruits, vegetables, and dairy products, with 37% of calories from fat. Participants were then randomized to consume for 8 weeks: (1) the control diet, (2) a diet rich in fruits and vegetables but otherwise similar to the control diet, and (3) a combination diet rich in fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy products and reduced in fat. Serum oxygen radical-absorbing capacity, malondialdehyde (an in vitro measure of lipid peroxidation), and breath ethane (an in vivo measure of lipid peroxidation) were measured at the end of run-in and intervention periods. Between run-in and intervention, mean (95% CI) change in oxygen radical-absorbing capacity (U/mL) was -35 (-93, 13) in the control diet, 26 (-15, 67) in the fruits and vegetables diet (P=0.06 compared with control), and 19 (-22, 54) in the combination diet (P=0.10 compared with control). Median (interquartile range) change in ethane was 0.84 (0.10, 1.59) in the control diet, 0.02 (-0.61, 0.83) in the fruits and vegetables diet (P=0.04 compared with control), and -1.00 (-1.97, 0.25) in the combination diet (P=0.005 compared with control). Change in malondialdehyde did not differ between diets., CONCLUSIONS: This study demonstrates that modification of diet can favorably affect serum antioxidant capacity and protect against lipid peroxidation.
Blood pressure and blood lipid levels among vegetarian, semi-vegetarian, and non-vegetarian native Africans.$$$ BACKGROUND: Several epidemiological studies have implicated hypercholesterolemia and hypertriglyceridaemia as a dietary risk factor in the etiology of vascular disease. To date, there are virtually no blood lipid data available for Negroid Black African Seventh-Day Adventist vegetarians. This study was undertaken to gain a preliminary and better understanding of the relationships between BP, blood lipids, and diets in adults at the Seventh-Day Adventist Seminary of West Africa, Ilisan-Remo, Nigeria., METHODS: Three randomly selected groups of the Nigerian populace with different dietary habits were investigated. The Seventh-Day Adventist Seminary of West Africa was the study area. Anthropometric measurements, blood pressure, serum cholesterol, triglycerides, and serum glucose were estimated using standard methods., FINDINGS: The vegetarians (VEGs) had significantly lower body weight 75.0 +/- 1.9 kg than the semi-vegetarians (SEMI-VEGs) 77.3 +/- 1.8 kg (p < 0.05). There was no significant difference between the blood pressure (BP) of the three groups studied, although the VEGs exhibited lower systolic BP. The VEGs had significantly lower serum total cholesterol and triglycerides (p < 0.05), than non-vegetarians (NON-VEGs). The SEMI-VEGs had blood triglycerides values in between NON-VEGs and VEGs levels but these were not significant. There were no differences in blood glucose in the three groups., CONCLUSIONS: The vegetarian diet as well as the African natural diet are associated with lower levels of important cardiovascular disease risk factors. The significantly lower cardiovascular disease risk factors in vegetarian African Adventists could be a protective measure against the development of premature IHD and CVD incidence.
Randomised trial to assess benefits and safety of vitamin A supplementation linked to immunisation in early infancy. WHO/CHD Immunisation-Linked Vitamin A Supplementation Study Group.$$$ BACKGROUND: The benefits and safety of vitamin A supplementation linked to immunisation in infancy need to be assessed before it can be widely recommended. We assessed the safety and benefits of maternal postpartum and infant vitamin A supplementation administered with each of the three diphtheria-tetanus-pertussis (DPT) and poliomyelitis immunisations and with a fourth dose with measles immunisation., METHODS: From January, 1995, we enrolled 9424 mother-infant pairs from Ghana, India, and Peru in this randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. 4716 mothers of infants in the vitamin A group received 200000 IU vitamin A, and their infants were given 25000 IU vitamin A with each of the first three doses of DPT/poliomyelitis immunisation at 6, 10, and 14 weeks. In the control group, 4708 mothers and their infants received placebo at the same times. At 9 months, with measles immunisation, infants in the vitamin A group were given a further dose of 25000 IU and those in the control group received 100000 IU vitamin A. Infants were followed up to age 12 months. The primary outcome measures were vitamin A status, signs of acute toxic effects, anthropometric indicators, and severe morbidity. Analysis was by intention to treat., FINDINGS: 3933 (93%) of the eligible 4212 infants on vitamin A and 3938 (93%) of the eligible 4227 controls received all four study doses. At the 6-month follow-up, there was a small decrease in vitamin A deficiency in the vitamin A group compared with controls (serum retinol < or =0.70 micromol/L 101 [29.9%] vs 122 [37.1%$$$ 95% CI of the difference -14.3% to -0.2%]). This effect was no longer apparent at 9 and 12 months. There were no significant between-group differences in mortality throughout the study. The rate ratio to compare all deaths up to age 9 months in the two groups was 0.96 (95% CI 0.73 to 1.27). Fewer than 1% of the infants had bulging fontanelle. The intervention had no effect on anthropometric status, or on overall or severe morbidity., INTERPRETATION: The trial confirmed the safety of the intervention, but shows no sustained benefits in terms of vitamin A status beyond age 6 months or infant morbidity.
Replacement of partially hydrogenated soybean oil by palm oil in margarine without unfavorable effects on serum lipoproteins.$$$ We have compared the effects of three different margarines, one based on palm oil (PALM-margarine), one based on partially hydrogenated soybean oil (TRANS-margarine) and one with a high content of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA-margarine), on serum lipids in 27 young women. The main purpose of the study was to test if replacement of trans fatty acids in margarine by palmitic acid results in unfavorable effects on serum lipids. The sum of saturated fatty acids (12:0, 14:0, 16:0) was 36.3% of total fatty acids in the PALM-diet, the same as the sum of saturated (12:0, 14:0, 16:0) (12.5%) and trans (23.1%) fatty acids in the TRANS-diet. This sum was 20.7% in the PUFA-diet. The content of oleic acid was 37.9, 35.2, and 38.6%, respectively, in the three diets, whereas linoleic acid amounted to 16, 13.5, and 27.3%, respectively. Total fat provided 30-31% and the test margarines 26% of total energy in all three diets. The subjects consumed each of the diets for 17 d in a Latin-square crossover design. There were no significant differences in total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol and apolipoprotein B (apoB) between the TRANS- and the PALM-diets. High density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol and apoA-1 were significantly higher on the PALM-diet compared to the TRANS-diet whereas the ratio of LDL-cholesterol to HDL-cholesterol was lower, although not significantly (P = 0.077) on the PALM-diet. Total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, and apoB were significantly lower on the PUFA-diet compared to the two other diets. HDL-cholesterol was not different on the PALM- and the PUFA-diets but it was significantly lower on the TRANS-diet compared to the PUFA diet. Compared to the PUFA-diet the ratio of LDL- to HDL-cholesterol was higher on both the PALM- and the TRANS-diets whereas apoA-1 was not different. Triglycerides and lipoprotein (a) were not significantly different among the three diets. We concluded that nutritionally, palmitic acid from palm oil may be a reasonable alternative to trans fatty acids from partially hydrogenated soybean oil in margarine if the aim is to avoid trans fatty acids. A palm oil-based margarine is, however, less favorable than one based on a more polyunsaturated vegetable oil.
Effects of margarine compared with those of butter on blood lipid profiles related to cardiovascular disease risk factors in normolipemic adults fed controlled diets.$$$ Effects of butter and 2 types of margarine on blood lipid and lipoprotein concentrations were compared in a controlled diet study with 23 men and 23 women. Table spreads, added to a common basal diet, provided 8.3% of energy as fat. Diets averaged 34.6% of energy as fat and 15.5% as protein. Each diet was fed for 5 wk in a 3 x 3 Latin-square design. One margarine (TFA-M) approximated the average trans monoene content of trans fatty acid-containing margarines in the United States (17% trans fatty acids by dry wt). The other margarine (PUFA-M) was free of trans unsaturated fatty acids$$$ it contained approximately twice the polyunsaturated fatty acid content of TFA-M (49% compared with 27% polyunsaturated fatty acids). The tub-type margarines had similar physical properties at ambient temperature. Fasting blood lipids and lipoproteins were determined in 2 samples taken from the subjects during the fifth week of each dietary treatment. Compared with butter, total cholesterol was 3.5% lower (P=0.009) after consumption of TFA-M and 5.4% lower (P< 0.001) after consumption of PUFA-M. Similarly, LDL cholesterol was 4.9% lower (P=0.005) and 6.7% lower (P< 0.001) after consumption of TFA-M and PUFA-M, respectively. Neither margarine differed from butter in its effect on HDL cholesterol or triacylglycerols. Thus, consumption of TFA-M or PUFA-M improved blood lipid profiles for the major lipoproteins associated with cardiovascular risk when compared with butter, with a greater improvement with PUFA-M than with TFA-M.
Modulation of abnormal colonic epithelial cell proliferation and differentiation by low-fat dairy foods: a randomized controlled trial.$$$ CONTEXT: Before the development of human colonic neoplasms, colonic epithelial cells showed altered growth and differentiation. These alterations characterized mucosa at risk for cancer formation and were termed intermediate biomarkers of risk. Modifications of the mucosa toward more normal features by nutrients or drugs are putative approaches to chemoprevention of colon cancer., OBJECTIVE: To determine whether increasing calcium intake via dairy products alters colonic biomarkers toward normal., DESIGN: Randomized, single-blind, controlled study., SETTING: Outpatient clinic., PARTICIPANTS: Seventy subjects with a history of polypectomy for colonic adenomatous polyps., INTERVENTION: Low-fat dairy products containing up to 1200 mg/d of calcium. Subjects were randomized to 4 strata by diet (control vs higher calcium) and age (<60 vs > or = 60 years)., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Changes in total colonic epithelial cells and number and position of thymidine-labeled epithelial cells and changes in the ratio of sulfomucins (predominantly secreted by distal colorectal epithelial cells) to sialomucins and expression of cytokeratin AE1, 2 markers of colonic cell differentiation., RESULTS: During 6 and 12 months of treatment, reduction of colonic epithelial cell proliferative activity (P<.05), reduction in size of the proliferative compartment (P<.05), and restoration of acidic mucin (P<.02), cytokeratin AE1 distribution (P<.05), and nuclear size (P<.05) toward that of normal cells occurred. Control subjects showed no differences from baseline proliferative values at 6 and 12 months (P>.05)., CONCLUSION: Increasing the daily intake of calcium by up to 1200 mg via low-fat dairy food in subjects at risk for colonic neoplasia reduces proliferative activity of colonic epithelial cells and restores markers of normal cellular differentiation.
Effects of milk and milk products on rectal mucosal cell proliferation in humans.$$$ Intake of dairy products and major dairy constituents (e.g., calcium) has been proposed to reduce the risk of colorectal cancer, although epidemiological studies have yielded inconclusive results. We conducted a randomized cross-over trial to test the effects of high- and low-dairy consumption diets on rectal mucosal proliferation, a possible intermediary marker for large bowel cancer. From a gastroenterology clinic at an academic medical center, we recruited 40 patients, ages 25-79 years, who had either a history of a large bowel adenoma or a first-degree relative with large bowel cancer. Participants completed a baseline questionnaire covering demographic characteristics, health history, and habits and a food frequency questionnaire. They were randomized to a 12-week diet of either high dairy intake (six dairy servings/day) or low dairy intake (<0.5 serving of dairy products/day), with an intervening 12-week washout period in which they were asked to resume their usual diet before crossing over to the alternate study diet for the last 12-week period of the study. Adherence to the study diets was monitored by a daily dairy intake checklist and periodic, unscheduled 24-h dietary recalls. Biopsies of the rectal mucosa were obtained at the beginning and end of each intervention phase. Two assays of rectal mucosal cell proliferation were performed: immunohistochemical determination of proliferating cell nuclear antigen and whole crypt mitotic count. We found no statistically significant changes in either of these proliferation measures as a result of high or low dairy intake. There was no correlation between the labeling index for proliferating cell nuclear antigen and whole crypt mitotic count$$$ however, measures of the location and intensity of cell proliferation within the rectal crypt were highly correlated between the two assays. Thus, our study indicates that greater consumption of dairy products over a 12-week period does not change rectal mucosal cell proliferation.
Oil blends containing partially hydrogenated or interesterified fats: differential effects on plasma lipids.$$$ We compared the effects on plasma lipids of margarines containing either a trans fatty acid- (TFA)-free hard fraction achieved through interesterification (from primarily saturated fatty acids) or a partially hydrogenated hard fraction. Thirty-eight mildly hyperlipidemic subjects consumed a low-fat diet for 2 wk. They were then allocated to 2 groups and underwent 3 dietary interventions for 3 wk each in random order (diets contained 35% of energy as fat with 20% of energy as margarines or butter): group 1 (n = 18), butter, canola oil blend with TFAs, and TFA-free canola oil blend: group 2 (n = 19), butter, polyunsaturated oil blend with TFAs, and TFA-free polyunsaturated oil blend. Plasma LDL-cholesterol concentrations after consumption of all oil blends and after the low-fat diet were not significantly different, but were 11-15% lower than after butter (P < 0.001). Whereas the canola oil blends did not differ from each other in their effects on lipoprotein profiles, the TFA-free polyunsaturated oil blend resulted in a significant 6% reduction (-0.25 mmol/L$$$ 95% CI: -0.08, -0.42) in total and LDL cholesterol compared with the blend containing TFAs (P = 0.006). In the canola oil blend, 10% TFAs and 6% oleic acid were replaced by approximately 14% saturated fatty acids plus a 2% increase in linoleic acid. In the polyunsaturated oil blend, 10% TFAs and 5% linoleic acid were replaced by a 10% increase in saturated fatty acids as well as 3% and 1% increases in oleic and linolenic acids, respectively. We conclude that, compared with butter, TFA-free margarines may be equal to or more effective than margarines containing TFAs in lowering LDL cholesterol.
What are the parameters for predictive selection of patients requiring anesthesia for extracorporeal shockwave lithotripsy?.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Additional anesthesia is required to minimize the tolerable pain level in efficiently performed extracorporeal shockwave lithotripsy (ESWL) with electrohydraulic and electromagnetic sources. In order to assess optimum anesthesia for each patient undergoing a standardized ESWL protocol, pain measurement and scoring were carried out. We attempted to determine the individual type and amount of analgesia prior to treatment., METHODS: Patients (n = 95) with urolithiasis underwent pain measurement and scoring prior to ESWL. 'Threshold of pain' (TP) and 'maximal tolerable pain (MTP) were assessed by inducing ischemia pain with the submaximum effort tourniquet technique. Pain intensity was assessed by a verbal rating scale (VRS). The results of pain measurement and amount of analgosedation were correlated in two phases. Patients were administered an oral premedication of 0.1 mg/kg midazolam. Phase 1: 60 patients were randomized into three groups: (1) piritramide (0.1-0.3 mg/kg) and midazolam (1-3 mg) i.v. (2) Lidocaine/prilocaine cream topically (30 g) to skin and diclofenac supp. 100 mg. (3) No analgesia. Phase 2: Based on the data of phase 1, cut-off points for TP and MTP were set for female and male patients. In accordance with these results, 35 patients comprised group 1 for anesthesia with piritramide/midazolam, group 2 with lidocaine/prilocaine cream and diclofenac supp. and group 3 for no analgesia at all. The electromagnetic shockwave sources Modulith SLX and Lithostar Plus were utilized., RESULTS: Phase 1: All patients randomized for group 1 (intravenous analgosedation) were treated in accordance with the protocol. 65% of group 2 (cream/suppository) tolerated treatment as planned. 35% of patients selected for ESWL without analgesia (group 3) remained within this group. Patients requiring additional analgosedation displayed lower TP and MTP. The cut-off points for females and males were TP >/=25/35 s and MTP >/=45/60 s, respectively. Phase 2: 20/35 patients were preselected for a nonintravenous protocol. Five out of these 20 violated the protocol. The rate of additionally administered analgesia was lower than in phase 1: 35:10% in group 2 (cream/supp.), 65:40% in group 3 (no analgesia)., CONCLUSIONS: The TP and MTP levels are lower in patients requiring stronger analgesia. The determined parameters are suitable for patient preselection and individual assessment of anesthesia prior to ESWL. It may be assumed that 50% of patients administered intravenous opioids are overtreated. Routine pain measurement for patient depends on the individual pain tolerance level. A third phase of this study recruiting a large number of patients will contribute to the confirmation of these results.
Effects of a milk product, fermented by Lactobacillus acidophilus and with fructo-oligosaccharides added, on blood lipids in male volunteers.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate in adult male volunteers the effect of a new fermented milk product, fermented by Lactobacillus acidophilus and with fructo-oligosaccharides added, on blood lipids., DESIGN: Randomized placebo-controlled double-blind two-way cross over trial with two treatment periods of three weeks, separated by a wash-out period of one week., SETTING: the study was performed at the TNO Nutrition and Food Research Institute in Zeist, The Netherlands. SUBECTS: Thirty normal healthy men, aged 33-64y (mean serum total cholesterol level: 5.23 +/- 1.03 (s.d.)), were selected for this study. Normal health was assessed by pre study screening. All subjects were used to an average Dutch food pattern., INTERVENTIONS: During the treatment periods subjects consumed three times daily a 125 ml of either test or reference product as a part of their habitual diet. The test product was a milk, fermented by yogurt starters and Lactobacillus acidophilus, and contained 2.5% fructo-oligosaccharides, 0.5% vegetable oil and 0.5% milk fat. The reference product was a traditional yogurt (milk fermented only by yogurt strains), containing 1% milk fat. Blood samples for serum lipid analysis and blood glucose measurements were taken before the start of the experiment and at the end of both treatment periods., RESULTS: As compared to the reference product, consumption of the test product resulted in significantly lower values for serum total cholesterol (P < 0.001), LDL-cholesterol (P < 0.005), and the LDL/HDL-ratio (P < 0.05) by 4.4, 5.4 and 5.3% respectively. Levels of serum HDL-cholesterol, triglycerides and blood glucose remained essentially unchanged. The beneficial effects of the test product on serum cholesterol were largely related to an increase of this parameter during the consumption of the reference product., CONCLUSIONS: As compared to traditional yogurt, daily consumption of three times 125 ml of test product specifically lowered serum LDL-cholesterol levels in normal healthy male adult subjects with borderline elevated levels of serum total cholesterol within three weeks.
Comparison of three fatty meals in healthy normolipidaemic men: high post-prandial retinyl ester response to soybean oil.$$$ BACKGROUND: Oral fat tolerance tests (FTTs) have been widely used as a tool to investigate post-prandial lipaemia. However, there is no consensus regarding the type and amount of fat used in the tests., METHODS: We compared three commonly used FTTs, each containing 63 g of fat: a mixed meal, a liquid cream meal and a liquid soybean oil meal. The study group consisted of 10 healthy normolipidaemic men. We measured triglycerides (TGs), retinyl esters (REs), apolipoprotein E (apoE), apolipoprotein B-48 (apoB-48) and apolipoprotein B-100 (apoB-100) in plasma and in triglyceride-rich lipoprotein (TRL) fractions separated by density-gradient ultracentrifugation at baseline and 3, 4, 6, and 8 h after the FTTs., RESULTS: We observed similar TGs, apoE, apoB-48 and apoB-100 responses after all three FTTs, despite the different fatty acid composition of the meals. In contrast, the commonly used marker for exogenous particles, RE, differed clearly when polyunsaturated (soybean oil) and saturated fat (cream or mixed meal) were used. The RE response in plasma (P < 0.005, repeated measures ANOVA), in chylomicrons (P < 0.013) and in very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) 1 (P < 0.017), as well as the RE area under the incremental curve in plasma and chylomicron fractions, were markedly increased after the soybean oil meal compared with the mixed meal and cream meal tests. The peak of RE response occurred parallel to the responses of other markers (i.e. TG or apoB-48) of post-prandial TRL during soybean oil meal. In contrast, RE peak concentration was delayed after saturated fat-containing meals. After soybean oil, FTT plasma cholesterol concentration was lower and the chylomicron cholesterol concentration was higher compared with mixed or cream meals, but no differences were detected in post-prandial high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol concentration., CONCLUSION: When the amount of fat is similar, post-prandial responses of TG, apoE, apoB-48, apoB-100 and HDL-cholesterol were comparable after different FTTs.
Comparison of self-report of reduced fat and salt foods with sales and supply data.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Examine the validity of self-reported use of reduced fat and reduced salt foods., DESIGN: Compare data collected in a food frequency questionnaire with supermarket sales data and food supply data., SETTING: Rural Australia., SUBJECTS: Four hundred and fifty-three respondents from an original sample of 1616 randomly-selected residents., INTERVENTIONS: Community health campaign to reduce cardiovascular disease., RESULTS: Reported use of reduced fat and reduced salt foods was greater than store sales and milk deliveries of these products., CONCLUSIONS: External data did not support the validity of self-reported use of these products.
Plant sterol-enriched margarines and reduction of plasma total- and LDL-cholesterol concentrations in normocholesterolaemic and mildly hypercholesterolaemic subjects.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To compare effects on plasma total-, LDL-, and HDL-cholesterol concentrations of margarines enriched with different vegetable oil sterols or sitostanol-ester., DESIGN: A randomized double-blind placebo-controlled balanced incomplete Latin square design with five treatments and four periods of 3.5 weeks. Margarines enriched with sterols from soybean, sheanut or ricebran oil or with sitostanol-ester were compared to a non-enriched control margarine. Sterol intake was between 1.5-3.3 g/d. Two thirds of the soybean oil sterols were esterified to fatty acids., SETTING: Unilever Research Laboratory, Vlaardingen, The Netherlands., SUBJECTS: One hundred healthy non-obese normocholesterolaemic and mildly hypercholesterolaemic volunteers aged 45+/-12.8 y, with plasma total cholesterol levels below 8 mmol/L at entry., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Plasma lipid, carotenoid and sterol concentrations, blood clinical chemistry and haematology, fatty acid composition of plasma cholesterylesters and food intake., RESULTS: Ninety-five volunteers completed the study. None of the margarines induced adverse changes in blood clinical chemistry, serum total bile acids or haematology. Plasma total- and LDL-cholesterol concentrations were significantly reduced by 8-13% (0.37-0.44 mmol/L) compared to control for margarines enriched in soybean oil sterol-esters or sitostanol-ester. No effect on HDL-cholesterol concentrations occurred. The LDL- to HDL-cholesterol ratio was reduced by 0.37 and 0.33 units for these margarines, respectively. Effects on blood lipids did not differ between normocholesterolaemic and mildly hypercholesterolaemic subjects. Plasma sitosterol and campesterol levels were significantly higher for the soybean oil sterol margarine and significantly lower for the sitostanol-ester margarine compared to control. Dietary intake was very similar across treatments. The fatty acid composition of plasma cholesterylesters confirmed the good compliance to the treatment. All sterol enriched margarines reduced lipid-standardized plasma alpha- plus beta-carotene levels. Plasma lycopene levels were also reduced but this effect was not significant for all products., CONCLUSIONS: A margarine with sterol-esters from soybean oil, mainly esters from sitosterol, campesterol and stigmasterol, is as effective as a margarine with sitostanol-ester in lowering blood total- and LDL-cholesterol levels without affecting HDL-cholesterol concentrations. Incorporation in edible fat containing products of such substances may substantially reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease in the population.
Lipid content and essential fatty acid (EFA) composition of mature Congolese breast milk are influenced by mothers' nutritional status: impact on infants' EFA supply.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To measure the lipid content and the fatty acid (FA) composition of breast milk as part of a nutritional survey of the essential fatty acid (EFA) status of 5 months old Congolese infants., DESIGN: Cross sectional nutrition survey., SETTING: A suburban district of Brazzaville (capital of the Congo)., SUBJECTS: A random sample of nursing mothers and their 5 months old infants (n = 102). Data collection procedures: The mothers were questioned on their socio-economic status, dietary habits, and their body mass index (BMI) was measured. Breast milk samples were collected from each mother. Milk lipid content and fatty acid composition were determined., RESULTS: Compared with milk from various countries, Congolese women's mature breast milk was low in lipid (28.70+/-11.33 g/L) but rich in 8:0-14:0 FAs (25.97+/-8.17% of total FAs) and in polyunsaturated FAs (PUFAs), particularly n-3 PUFAs (2.39+/-0.68% of total FAs, mainly 18:3 and 22:6). This was associated with the frequent consumption of high-carbohydrate foods (processed cassava roots, wheat bread, doughnuts) known to enhance 8:0-14:0 FA biosynthesis, and with that of foods providing n-6 and n-3 EFAs such as freshwater and saltwater fish, vegetable oil, green leafy vegetables, and high-fat fruit (peanuts, avocado, bushbutter). These foods were traditionally and locally produced. Milk lipid content was negatively related with mothers' BMI (P < 0.01) and varied with the frequency of consumption of certain foods corresponding to distinct dietary patterns., CONCLUSIONS: Lipid content and FA composition of Congolese breast milk were dependent on mother's nutritional status. However, despite an adequate EFA composition of breast milk, partially breast-fed 5 months old Congolese infants probably did not get enough n-6 and n-3 EFAs from breast milk to meet their EFA requirements.
Effects of warning and information labels on consumption of full-fat, reduced-fat, and no-fat products.$$$ Participants in a taste test study were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 groups: warning label (e.g., "In this product, 90% of the calories come from fat. Warning: The U.S. Surgeon General has determined that eating high fat food increases your risk of heart disease."), information label (e.g., "In this product, 90% of the calories come from fat."), and no label. Participants rated how much they wanted to taste full-, reduced-, and no-fat cream cheeses, and they chose 1 type to eat. People in the warning- and no-label groups wanted to taste the full-fat product more than those in the information-label group. People in the warning- and information-label groups were less likely to eat the full-fat product than those in the no-label group. People reacted to the warning label but avoided the full-fat product. For products with credible and familiar risks, information labels may be more effective than warning labels because they don't arouse reactance.
Treatment of genital warts with an immune-response modifier (imiquimod).$$$ BACKGROUND: Genital warts are a common sexually transmitted disease caused by human papillomavirus. Imiquimod is a novel immune-response modifier capable of inducing a variety of cytokines, including interferon alfa, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, as well as interleukins 1, 6, and 8. In animal models imiquimod has demonstrated antiviral, antitumor, and adjuvant activity. In vitro, imiquimod has no antiviral or antitumor activity., OBJECTIVE: Our purpose was to determine the safety and efficacy of topical imiquimod for the treatment of external genital warts., METHODS: This prospective double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel design clinical trial was performed in three outpatient centers, a public health clinic, a university-based clinic, and a private practice. One hundred eight patients with external genital warts (predominantly white men) were entered into the trial. Fifty-one patients were randomly selected to receive 5% imiquimod cream$$$ 57 patients were randomly chosen to receive placebo cream. Study medication was applied three times weekly for up to 8 weeks. Patients whose warts cleared completely were observed for up to 10 weeks to determine recurrence rates., RESULTS: In the intent-to-treat analysis, the warts of 37% (19 of 51) of the imiquimod-treated patients and 0% (0 of 57) of the placebo group cleared completely (p < 0.001). In addition, many patients experienced a partial response. A reduction in baseline wart area of 80% or more was observed in 62% of imiquimod-treated patients (28 of 45) and 4% of the placebo group (2 of 50) (p < 0.001)$$$ a 50% reduction or more in wart area was noted in 76% of imiquimod-treated patients (34 of 45) and 8% of placebo recipients (4 of 50) (p < 0.001). Of imiquimod-treated patients whose warts cleared completely and who finished the 10-week follow-up period, 19% (3 of 16) experienced recurrences of warts. Imiquimod-treated patients experienced a significantly greater number of local inflammatory reactions than the placebo group. Symptoms and signs associated with the local inflammatory reactions included itching (54.2%), erythema (33.3%), burning (31.3%), irritation (16.7%), tenderness (12.5%), ulceration (10.4%), erosion (10.4%), and pain (8.3%). There were no differences in systemic reactions or laboratory abnormalities between treatment groups., CONCLUSION: Topical 5% imiquimod cream appears to have a significant therapeutic effect in the treatment of external genital warts.
Effect of modified dairy fat on postprandial and fasting plasma lipids and lipoproteins in healthy young men.$$$ Fatty acid profile of milk fat can be modified by cow feeding strategies. Our aim was postprandially and after 4 wk to compare the effect of a modified milk fat (M diet) [with 16% of the cholesterolemic saturated fatty acid (C12-16) replaced by mainly oleic and stearic acids] with the effect of D diet, including a conventional Danish milk fat on plasma lipids and lipoproteins. A side effect of the cow feeding regime was a 5% (w/w) increase in trans fatty acid in M diet. Eighteen subjects were fed for two periods of 4 wk strictly controlled isoenergetic test diets with 40% of energy from total fat and the same content of dietary cholesterol in a randomized study with cross-over design. Contrary to expectations, fasting low density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol concentration did not differ after the experimental periods. However, M diet resulted in a higher fasting total triacylglycerol concentration compared to D diet (P = 0.009). Postprandial samples were taken at two different occasions (i) at day 21, after breakfast and lunch and (ii) on the last day of the study 2, 4, 6, and 8 h after a fat load. Postprandial plasma triacylglycerol and chylomicron triacylglycerol showed higher peak values after D diet than M diet (interaction effect, diet x times P < 0.05). In conclusion, M diet did not lower LDL cholesterol compared to D diet. Thus any cholesterol-lowering effect of oleic and stearic acids may have been obscured by the high content of cholesterol-raising saturated fatty acids in milk fat. A higher content of the trans fatty acids in M diet might have counteracted the cholesterol neutral/decreasing effect and increased plasma triacylglycerol.
[Saturated and monounsaturated fats in patients with insulin-dependent diabetes. Different effects on blood glucose and insulin response in NIDDM].$$$ To compare the metabolic effect of co-ingestion of saturated and monounsaturated fat with potato, 12 NIDDM subjects received 300 g mashed potato alone or in combination with 40 g olive oil, 50 g butter or 100 g butter, respectively. Blood glucose response area to potatoes with 100 g butter (448 +/- 68 mmol/L x 240 min) was significantly lower than to the four other meals: 596 +/- 63 (potato alone), 649 +/- 82 (potato + 40 g olive oil), 587 +/- 80 (potato + 50 g butter), and 604 +/- 81 (potato + 80 g olive oil) mmol/L x 240 min, p < 0.05, respectively. The insulin response was significantly increased by adding 50 g and 100 g butter, whereas no effect after addition of 40 g and 80 g olive oil was found. The free fatty acid (FFA) level was higher when 100 g butter was added to the potato meal than without (0.67 +/- 0.05 vs 0.48 +/- 0.07 mmol/L, p < 0.05). The triglyceride response increased dose-dependently with the fat content of the meals irrespective of the type of fat. In conclusion butter increases the insulin response in patients with NIDDM more than olive oil, and large amounts also increase FFA and triglyceride levels.
Interesterification of fats in margarine: effect on blood lipids, blood enzymes, and hemostasis parameters.$$$ OBJECTIVES: In 60 healthy humans, a blend of commonly used edible vegetable fats was compared with the same fat blend after random chemical interesterification, for their effects in terms of nutritional safety on blood lipids, blood enzymes and hemostasis parameters., DESIGN: Both fat blends were supplied double-blind at two energy levels (4 and 8% of energy) in margarine according to a parallel design. At either energy level, the two fat blends were consumed according to a cross-over design for two periods of three weeks, without an intermediate wash-out period., RESULTS: The 30 parameters studied revealed no statistically significant differences between the two fat blends, except for slightly (approximately 10%) lower D-dimers concentrations after consumption of the interesterified fat blend., CONCLUSIONS: Increased levels of the fibrin-degradation products D-dimers are positively associated with risk for coronary heart disease. Thus, it was concluded that the inclusion of a chemically interesterified vegetable fat blend in the diet of healthy people does not influence fasting blood lipids, blood enzymes and/or hemostasis parameters in an adverse way, when compared with a non-interesterified fat blend with the same fatty acid composition.
Behavioural dynamics of a clinical trial of sunscreens for reducing solar keratoses in Victoria, Australia.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine whether the behaviour of participants based on perception of treatment group in a randomised trial contributed to clinical outcome., DESIGN: A double blind randomised controlled trial of the effect of daily application of SPF 17 broad spectrum sunscreen cream (or placebo) on solar keratoses., SETTING: A rural city in Victoria, Australia. Residents aged 40 years or over were invited by letter to attend for a skin cancer screening check. Of these, 588 people with between one and 30 solar keratoses enrolled in the trial and 431 completed the trial, which extended over a six month period that included summer. Participants ' perceptions of their treatment allocation, adherence with the treatment regimen, adoption of other sun protection behaviours, side effects, and perceptions of change in condition were measured at two monthly intervals., RESULTS: There were no significant differences between those who completed the study and those that did not for sex, age, treatment group, skin type, number of solar keratoses or correct perception of treatment group. Thirty per cent of those completing the study correctly guessed their treatment allocation, and people were just as likely to be right as to be wrong when they stated their opinion about their treatment allocation (z = 1.04$$$ p = 0.15). Study group, skin type, amount of time spent outdoors, presence of side effects, perceptions of change in skin condition did not significantly predict correct perception of treatment allocation. Multivariate analysis of variance indicated that adoption of other sun protection and adherence with cream use were not significantly affected by actual treatment allocation, correct perception of treatment allocation nor by their interaction. Poisson regression analysis showed a significantly lower difference ratio of solar keratoses in the sunscreen group compared with the placebo base cream group (OR 0.55$$$ CI = 0.46, 0.64), and for women compared with men (OR = 0.76$$$ CI = 0.63, 0.93) but no independent effect of any of the indices of other sun protection or adherence., CONCLUSIONS: A sufficient level of commitment to study procedures was achieved, so that trial participants did not adopt other behaviours that affected treatment outcomes. It is recommended that the potential threat to validity posed by the behaviour of participants be recognised at an early stage in planning of clinical trials, so that strategies to deal with this can be integrated into study protocols.
[Effectiveness of local anesthesia using EMLA cream for laser treatment of cervical and vulvar lesions].$$$ The efficacy of the anesthesia by the Emla cream (a mixture of lydocaine and prylocaine) has been tested on the cervix uteri and the vulva before laser treatment of warts and intraepithelial neoplasia. Five of the six women treated for vulvar warts did not feel any pain during laser treatment after the application of the cream. On the cervix, the pain was evaluated on a median of 9 on a visual scale going from 0 to 100, compared to a median of 25 for women treated without local anesthesia. The efficacy of local anesthesia was best after 4 minutes. The local anesthesia by the Emla cream seems to constitute a real progress in the patient's tolerance of local destructive treatment of cervical and vulvar warts and intraepithelial neoplasia.
Cholesterol-lowering effects of modified animal fats in postmenopausal women.$$$ OBJECTIVE: In an attempt to improve the nutritional value of animal fats (including milkfat and lard), two technological approaches (i.e., cholesterol removal by steam distillation and linoleic acid enrichment by addition of safflower oil) were tested for cholesterolemic effects in a cohort of 29 older women (age 68 +/- 7 years)., METHODS: Test fat sources were incorporated into crackers, cookies, cheese, ice cream, whipped topping, sour cream, baking shortening, and table spreads. Subjects were permanent residents of a convent where meals were prepared in a centralized kitchen, allowing test fats to be provided in daily food menu items. The foods containing test fats were introduced into three sequential dietary treatment periods, each lasting 4 weeks, in the following order: cholesterol-reduced animal fat (CRAF): fatty-acid modified, cholesterol-reduced animal fat (FAMCRAF)$$$ and-unaltered animal fat (AF). Subjects were offered menu items cafeteria style and encouraged to make food selections consistent with their habitual diets, which were recorded daily., RESULTS: Fasted blood lipid profiles determined at the end of each treatment period showed that FAMCRAF reduced mean plasma total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, and apolipoprotein B concentrations relative to AF (p < 0.05). Mean HDL cholesterol concentrations were not influenced by diet., DISCUSSION: Relative to native products, animal fats modified by cholesterol removal and linoleic acid enrichment reduced plasma total and LDL cholesterol concentrations in a predictable manner similar to that based on studies of men.
Reduction of serum cholesterol in postmenopausal women with previous myocardial infarction and cholesterol malabsorption induced by dietary sitostanol ester margarine: women and dietary sitostanol.$$$ BACKGROUND: Reduction of serum cholesterol decreases mortality in primary and especially in secondary prevention. We investigated how effectively postmenopausal women with a previous myocardial infarction reduced their serum cholesterol with dietary means by using sitostanol ester rapeseed oil margarine, alone and in combination with statins, and to what extent cholesterol metabolism was affected., METHODS AND RESULTS: The first study group consisted of 22 randomly chosen women with angiographically documented coronary artery disease. Baseline studies on home diet were followed by double-blind, randomized, cross-over studies on margarine without and with sitostanol (3 g/d) ester for 7 weeks in random order. A second group of 10 women on simvastatin consumed sitostanol ester margarine for 12 weeks. Sitostanol ester margarine lowered serum total cholesterol by 13% (P<.05) and LDL cholesterol by 20% (P<.01). Sitostanol ester margarine reduced total cholesterol in all patients, LDL cholesterol <2.6 mmol/L (<100 mg/dL) in 32%, and <3.4 mmol/L (<133 mg/dL) in 73% versus none and 27% during the home diet (P<.01 for both). Combined with simvastatin, sitostanol still reduced total and LDL cholesterol by 11+/-3% and 16+/-5% (P<.01 for both). Sitostanol reduced absorption (-45%), increased fecal elimination (+45% as neutral sterols), and stimulated synthesis (+39%) of cholesterol. High cholestanol and plant sterol (high cholesterol absorption) and low baseline precursor sterol proportions (low cholesterol synthesis) predicted high decreases in serum cholesterol., CONCLUSIONS: Dietary use of sitostanol ester margarine normalizes LDL cholesterol in about one third of women with previous myocardial infarction, especially in those with high baseline absorption and low synthesis of cholesterol, and in combination with statins reduces the needed drug dose.
Shift from a dairy product-rich to a dairy product-free diet: influence on cytotoxicity and genotoxicity of fecal water--potential risk factors for colon cancer.$$$ Several epidemiologic studies have suggested that dairy product intake is associated with a decreased incidence of colon cancer. To determine whether the cytotoxicity and genotoxicity of the aqueous portion of human stool (two potential risk markers for the disease) were affected by a change in dairy product intake, 18 healthy male and female volunteers were randomly divided into two groups. In a crossover design, the volunteers shifted from their normal dairy product-rich diet to a dairy product-free diet. Nutritional analysis of the food consumed during the study period showed a significant decrease in energy intake from 9000 to 7866 kJ/d because of a decreased intake of protein and fat. Carbohydrate and fiber intakes remained unchanged during the intervention. Calcium intake decreased significantly from 1488 to 372 mg/d, with similar significant decreases in phosphate and vitamin D intakes. Cytotoxicity of fecal water, analyzed by the HT-29 cytotoxicity assay, indicated a significant decrease in cell survival from 34% to 20% when dairy products were excluded from the participants' diets. Single-cell gel electrophoresis (COMET assay), used to analyze genotoxicity of fecal waters, indicated no differences brought about by the dietary intervention. In conclusion, our findings indicate that a shift from a dairy product-rich to a dairy product-free diet resulted in a significant effect on an accepted risk marker for colon cancer and may suggest that the mechanism by which dairy products are protective is at the level of tumor promotion rather than initiation.
The effects of surface anaesthesia on the autonomic dysreflexia response during functional electrical stimulation.$$$ Recently, increases in blood pressure (BP) and concomitant bradycardia, suggestive of autonomic dysreflexia (AD), have been documented during functional electrical stimulation (FES) in individuals with a high spinal cord injury (SCI). If uncontrolled, this response could preclude the safe use of FES among such individuals. FES induced pain is partly related to stimulation of skin nociceptors. Therefore, measures to reduce skin sensitivity may reduce the risk of AD during FES. The purpose of this study was to determine if topical anaesthetic applied over the site of electrical stimulation could minimize the AD cardiovascular and hormonal responses to FES in individuals with SCI above the T6 level. Seven subjects with a SCI above T6 received FES to the quadriceps muscle of each leg under two conditions on two different testing days. The two treatment conditions, topical anaesthetic and placebo creams, were double blinded and randomized. The cream was administered to an area the size of the electrode (10 x 10 cm) 1 h prior to stimulation. Stimulation began at 0 mAmps and increased by 16 mAmps every 2 min until an intensity of 160 mAmps was achieved. HR and BP were measured at each stimulation intensity level. Catecholamines were analyzed three times during the stimulation protocol (pre, mid and post stimulation intensities). At the end of the stimulation protocol, FES induced isometric quadriceps contraction force at 160 mAmps intensity was measured using a hand held dynamometer. As FES stimulation intensity increased, significant rises in systolic and diastolic BP were seen, with a concomitant progressive drop in HR. The AD response to stimulation was not significantly different between the topical anaesthetic and placebo conditions. Serum catecholamine (epinephrine and norepinephrine) levels tended to rise with increasing FES intensity levels but did not reach statistical significance. The two treatment conditions did not significantly affect serum catecholamine levels or FES-induced quadriceps contraction force. In summary, FES application to the quadriceps muscle in high level SCI subjects resulted in significant increases in BP, decreases in HR (AD-like response), a trend towards elevations in catecholamine levels, and no difference in quadriceps muscular strength. However, these responses were unaffected by the use of topical anaesthetic cream on the skin at the stimulation site. This suggests that other mechanisms than skin nociception are operative in FES-induced AD.
Vitamin A deficiency among adolescent female garment factory workers in Bangladesh.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the prevalence of vitamin A deficiency among adolescent female factory workers in Bangladesh, and examine the association between various factors and vitamin A status., DESIGN: A cross-sectional study., SETTING: Garment factories in Dhaka city, Bangladesh., SUBJECTS: Three hundred and eighty eight adolescent girls aged 12-19 y from ten garment factories were selected randomly for the present study. Information on socio-economic conditions and usual pattern of dietary intake were obtained by interview. Anthropometric data and blood samples were collected following the interview., RESULTS: By NCHS reference standard, 15.5% of the participants were thin (< 90% Wt/Ht) and about 7% overweight (> 120% Wt/Ht). In about 56%, serum vitamin A level was below the adequate level of 1.05 mumol/l, with 14% having vitamin A deficiency (< 0.70 mumol/l). Forty four per cent of the participants were found to be anaemic (haemoglobin < 120 g/l). Food frequency data on vitamin A rich foods revealed that a large percentage of the participants do not take eggs (41%), milk (64%), liver (85%) and sweet pumpkin (85%)$$$ while about 40% of the girls take dark green leafy vegetables (DGLV) and 17% take small fish at least four servings a week. The girls who consumed four or more servings per week of DGLV had significantly higher serum vitamin A level than the girls who took three servings or less. There was a significant positive association between the level of serum vitamin A and frequency of intake of DGLV (r = 0.12$$$ P = 0.023). When age, level of education, percapita income, haemoglobin concentration, serum protein concentration, menstruation at the time of blood collection, prevalence of current morbidity, frequency of intake of egg, milk, small fish, DGLV, liver and sweet pumpkin were accounted for by multiple regression analysis, a strong relationship was found for serum vitamin A concentration with age, menstruation, haemoglobin level and frequency of intake of DGLV. For every unit change in the frequency of consumption of DGLV, there was 0.013 mumol/l change in serum vitamin A level whilst taking other factors into account., CONCLUSION: The data show that there is a high prevalence of subclinical vitamin A deficiency among the adolescent female garment factory workers in Bangladesh, although the anthropometric indices suggest that they do not suffer from acute under nutrition. Consumption of DGLV appears to have an important relation with the vitamin A status of these girls.
Olive oil increases the magnitude of postprandial chylomicron remnants compared to milk fat and safflower oil.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The acute effects of olive oil, milk fat and safflower oil on postprandial lipemia and remnant lipoprotein metabolism were investigated., METHODS: Eight Healthy male volunteers randomly underwent three types of oral fat-vitamin A loading tests. The test drink was a mixture of retinyl palmitate (RP)(50,000 IU of aqueous vitamin A/m2 body surface area) and one of the three types of oils (40 g of fat/m2 body surface area): olive oil (70.7% oleic acid of total fatty acids)$$$ milk fat (69.3% saturated fatty acid)$$$ safflower oil (74.2% linoleic acid)., RESULTS: Olive oil significantly increased plasma triacylglycerol and RP concentrations 4 hours after fat loading, as compared to other fats. Increases of remnant like particle concentrations were higher after olive oil than after the other two fats., CONCLUSION: These results show that olive oil increases the magnitude of postprandial chylomicrons and chylomicron remnants compared to milk fat and safflower oil.
Relationship between leisure-time physical activity and selected dietary variables in the Worcester Area Trial for Counseling in Hyperlipidemia.$$$ We evaluated the relationship between Leisure-time Physical Activity (LTPA) and selected dietary variables in the Worcester Area Trial for Counseling in Hyperlipidemia. Subjects were males (N = 425) and females (N = 494) of mean age 49.8 and 48.4 yr, respectively. Dietary data were collected using a 7-d (7DDR) and a 24-h dietary recall (24HR), and LTPA information was obtained along with the 7DDR. Subjects were categorized into four levels of LTPA (0-29 (N = 548), 30-60 (N = 98), 61-120 (N = 137), and > or = 121 min.wk-1 (N = 136)). Results from ANOVA revealed that active subjects (LTPA > or = 30 min.wk-1) consumed fewer servings per week of meats, fried foods, sweets, and 2-4% milk and more servings of fruits, vegetables, low fat dairy products, and 0-1% milk than did inactive subjects (LTPA = 0-29 min.wk-1). Comparison of selected 7DDR-derived macro- and micronutrients revealed that active individuals consumed a lower fat and a more micronutrient dense diet than their more inactive counterparts. These findings were not materially altered by adjustment for age, gender, education, and smoking. Finally, the 7DDR results were confirmed in analyses of the 24HR data in a slightly smaller group of subjects (N = 756). The present findings have implications for etiologic investigations on outcomes that have both LTPA and diet as risk factors, and for targeting public health interventions.
An assessment, and reproducibility of food frequency data provided by hospital controls.$$$ In order to assess the comparability and reproducibility of information from a questionnaire used in a case-control study on digestive tract cancers conducted in Italy, a total of 400 subjects were randomly selected from a large sample of hospital controls and contacted at home to repeat the interview. Of these, 294 (73%) subjects were re-interviewed. Mean values of intake were computed for the 400 subjects selected, and among the 294 responders for the first and second interview. These values were comparable, most of them being within a 10% range. Spectrum correlation coefficient (rs) values of consumption between the first and second interview were > 0.65 for consumption of pastries, pasta or rice, bread, fish, milk, green vegetables, eggs and apples$$$ between 0.50 and 0.65 for meat, chicken, liver, ham, cold cuts, cheese, fruit, cabbage, carrots, tomatoes, peppers, salad, citrus fruit and melon$$$ and lower than 0.50 for a few infrequently eaten foods. For all foods, the estimated average weekly intake in the second interview increased consistently and substantially with increasing tertile of the first interview. This study shows a satisfactory comparability of dietary information from subjects interviewed at home with that provided during their original interview in the hospital, and a good reproducibility of information collected in the two settings.
Phase III placebo-controlled trial of capsaicin cream in the management of surgical neuropathic pain in cancer patients.$$$ PURPOSE: A minority of cancer survivors develops long-term postsurgical neuropathic pain. Based on evidence that capsaicin, the pungent ingredient in hot chili peppers, might be useful for treating neuropathic pain, we developed the present clinical trial., PATIENTS AND METHODS: Ninety-nine assessable patients with postsurgical neuropathic pain were entered onto this study. After stratification, patients were to receive 8 weeks of a 0.075% capsaicin cream followed by 8 weeks of an identical-appearing placebo cream, or vice versa. A capsaicin/placebo cream was to be applied to the painful site four times daily. Treatment evaluation was performed by patient-completed weekly questionnaires., RESULTS: During the first 8-week study period, the capsaicin-cream arm was associated with substantially more skin burning, skin redness, and coughing (P < .0001 for each). Nonetheless, treatment was stopped for patient refusal or toxicity just as often while patients were receiving the placebo as compared with the capsaicin. The capsaicin cream arm had substantially more pain relief (P = .01) after the first 8 weeks, with an average pain reduction of 53% versus 17%. On completion of the 16-week study period, patients were asked which treatment period was most beneficial. Of the responding patients, 60% chose the capsaicin arm, 18% chose the placebo arm, and 22% chose neither (P = .001)., CONCLUSION: A topical capsaicin cream decreases postsurgical neuropathic pain and, despite some toxicities, is preferred by patients over a placebo by a three-to-one margin among those expressing a preference.
Among young adults, college students and graduates practiced more healthful habits and made more healthful food choices than did nonstudents.$$$ OBJECTIVES: Health-related characteristics and habits and food choices of young adults were compared for three groups: college students, college graduates, and nonstudents., DESIGN: Subjects completed a mailed survey that included questions about demographics, attitudes, and behaviors and a food frequency questionnaire. Main outcome measures were health-related characteristics and habits and food choices., SUBJECTS: Female (n = 758) and male (n = 580) 18- to 24-year-olds in nine states who were selected randomly by zip code in each state. The response rate averaged 43% for all states., STATISTICAL ANALYSES PERFORMED: Analysis of variance of chi 2 tests were applied to health-related personal characteristic variables and the Kruskal-Wallis analysis of variance was applied to food consumption variables for women and men separately., RESULTS: According to self-reported heights and weights, female nonstudents were more often overweight than female students or graduates. Nonstudents of both genders reported smoking more often than students or graduates. College students and graduates ate more grain foods high in dietary fiber, more fruits and dark-green vegetables, and more lower-fat milk and meats than nonstudents., CONCLUSIONS/APPLICATIONS: Nonstudents were at greater health risk for some chronic illnesses, because of poorer health habits and food choices, than were college students and graduates. The behavior of nonstudents implies weaker response to messages promoting weight control, smoking cessation, and observance of the Dietary Guidelines for Americans than behavior exhibited by students or college graduates. Health promotion efforts could be enhanced by identifying demographic, educational, situational, and formative influences on positive health and dietary behaviors of young adults.
Effects of substituting dietary soybean protein and oil for milk protein and fat in subjects with hypercholesterolemia.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To determine whether, in individuals with hypercholesterolemia, substituting dietary soybean products for cows' milk products improves the plasma lipid profile and whether any change in the profile is due partially to soy oil., DESIGN: Randomized 3-treatment crossover trial., SETTING: Family practice clinics and an outpatient clinic in London, Ont., PARTICIPANTS: Seventeen healthy men and 17 healthy women with elevated plasma levels of total and low-density-lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and with normal plasma levels of triglycerides., INTERVENTIONS: Participants incorporated into their normal diet either 2% cows' milk products, soybean products or a combination of skim milk products and soy oil, each over period of 4 weeks, with 22-week wash-out periods. Plasma lipid profile, blood pressure and body weight were assessed after each dietary and wash-out period., OUTCOME MEASURES: Plasma levels of total and lipoprotein cholesterol, plasma levels of triglycerides, apolipoprotein B and A1 levels, blood pressure and plasma lipid peroxidation., RESULTS: The change in diet had no effect on body mass index, levels of apolipoproteins B and A1 and most plasma lipids. During the soybean period, the subjects' mean level of high-density-lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol increased 9% (p < 0.04) and their mean LDL/HDL cholesterol ratio decreased 14% (p < 0.007). These effects were less pronounced during the skim milk/soy oil period. In the 24 subjects with the highest initial LDL cholesterol level and LDL/HDL cholesterol ratio, the mean LDL cholesterol level decreased 11% after the soybean period. In all subjects, changes in the LDL/HDL cholesterol ratio induced by a soybean diet were negatively correlated with the initial LDL/HDL cholesterol ratio and positively correlated with the initial HDL cholesterol level., CONCLUSIONS: In people with hypercholesterolemia, the plasma lipid profile improved after treatment with a soybean-product diet, and this improvement was partially due to soy oil. The degree of responsiveness was associated with initial risk factors for coronary artery disease.
Elevation of plasma beta-endorphin levels of shy elderly in response to novel laboratory experiences.$$$ Heightened psychophysiological reactivity to the novel or unfamiliar is a leading characteristic of sky or behaviorally inhibited individuals. To assess one aspect of the physiological stress response in shyness, the authors compared the morning plasma beta-endorphin levels of 15 extremely sky, healthy elderly individuals with beta-endorphin levels of 15 extremely outgoing persons on three pairs of 2 successive days. The primary finding was that sky participants exhibited significantly higher levels of beta-endorphin on the 1st days of each pair of days, compared with the 2nd days in the laboratory. No main effect for shyness or interaction between shyness and diet on endorphin levels was found. The findings are consistent with a peripheral opioid hyperreactivity to novelty in shy elderly persons. Shyness may constitute a risk factor for panic disorder in younger adults and for nasal allergies and certain cancers in older adults. Experimental design and interpretation of future studies of shy individuals' stress responses may need to consider novelty versus familiarity of the procedures and setting.
Double-blind, randomized clinical study comparing hyaluronic acid cream to placebo in patients treated with radiotherapy.$$$ PURPOSE: The effect of hyaluronic acid (Ialugen cream) on acute skin reactions after radiotherapy, was assessed in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study., MATERIAL AND METHODS: Out of the 152 patients presenting with head and neck, breast or pelvic carcinomas and registered in the study, 134 cases-70 in the Ialugen group (IA) and 64 in the placebo group (PBO)-completed their IA or PBO treatment. At the time of randomisation, these two groups were balanced for sex, age, weight and height. The mean total dose of radiation given during the study was 60.6 +/- 10.9 Gy in the IA group and 64.3 +/- 10.8 Gy in the PBO group (P = 0.47)., RESULTS: Acute radio-epithelitis scores were significantly higher in the PBO group than in the IA group, starting from the control at week 3 and throughout the 6 weeks of treatment (P < 0.01 from week 3 to week 7$$$ P < 0.05 at weeks 8 and 10). Likewise, the global efficacy judgement expressed, at the end of treatment, by both the physician and the patient showed a significant difference in favour of Ialugen (P < 0.01 and P < 0.05, respectively). There was no significant difference of tolerance between the IA and PBO treatments (P = 0.18 according to the physician and P = 0.42 from the patient's viewpoint)., CONCLUSION: The prophylactic use of a cream with hyaluronic acid is shown to reduce the incidence of high grade radio-epithelitis, suggesting an interesting role of the hyaluronic acid cream as supportive treatment to improve compliance and quality of life in patients undergoing radiation therapy.
A clinical trial of the effects of dietary patterns on blood pressure. DASH Collaborative Research Group.$$$ BACKGROUND: It is known that obesity, sodium intake, and alcohol consumption factors influence blood pressure. In this clinical trial, Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension, we assessed the effects of dietary patterns on blood pressure., METHODS: We enrolled 459 adults with systolic blood pressures of less than 160 mm Hg and diastolic blood pressures of 80 to 95 mm Hg. For three weeks, the subjects were fed a control diet that was low in fruits, vegetables, and dairy products, with a fat content typical of the average diet in the United States. They were then randomly assigned to receive for eight weeks the control diet, a diet rich in fruits and vegetables, or a "combination" diet rich in fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy products and with reduced saturated and total fat. Sodium intake and body weight were maintained at constant levels., RESULTS: At base line, the mean (+/-SD) systolic and diastolic blood pressures were 131.3+/-10.8 mm Hg and 84.7+/-4.7 mm Hg, respectively. The combination diet reduced systolic and diastolic blood pressure by 5.5 and 3.0 mm Hg more, respectively, than the control diet (P<0.001 for each)$$$ the fruits-and-vegetables diet reduced systolic blood pressure by 2.8 mm Hg more (P<0.001) and diastolic blood pressure by 1.1 mm Hg more than the control diet (P=0.07). Among the 133 subjects with hypertension (systolic pressure, > or =140 mm Hg$$$ diastolic pressure, > or =90 mm Hg$$$ or both), the combination diet reduced systolic and diastolic blood pressure by 11.4 and 5.5 mm Hg more, respectively, than the control diet (P<0.001 for each)$$$ among the 326 subjects without hypertension, the corresponding reductions were 3.5 mm Hg (P<0.001) and 2.1 mm Hg (P=0.003)., CONCLUSIONS: A diet rich in fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy foods and with reduced saturated and total fat can substantially lower blood pressure. This diet offers an additional nutritional approach to preventing and treating hypertension.
Time-dependent sensitization of heart rate and blood pressure over multiple laboratory sessions in elderly individuals with chemical odor intolerance.$$$ In this study, we tested the hypothesis that low-level chemical odor intolerance (i.e., "cacosmia") is a manifestation of heightened sensitizability to environmental stimuli. We examined supine heart rate and blood pressure of elderly individuals, who were classified as either having a higher degree of chemical odor intolerance (n = 12) or a lower degree of chemical odor intolerance (n = 13), upon awakening in a sleep research laboratory on 6 different days during an 8-wk protocol. During the 2 initial wk, they consumed a customary baseline diet (including ad lib milk and other dairy products), followed by 3 wk each of nondairy-containing and dairy-containing diets in randomly assigned, counterbalanced order. Measurements were made on 3 pairs of successive days, distributed over a 6-wk period, and on which different diets were consumed. The high-intolerance group had significantly higher mean supine systolic and diastolic blood pressures than did the low-intolerance group. Although subjects consumed milk products during both the initial baseline and subsequent dairy diet periods, the high-intolerance group had significantly higher heart rates and diastolic blood pressures later in the study than at baseline, especially when they were on the dairy diet. In contrast, the cardiovascular measures of the low-intolerance group lowered on average with time. The high-intolerance subjects had an increased mean diastolic blood pressure on the second days versus the first days in the laboratory (averaged across all diets). Collectively, the data suggest that elderly individuals with a high degree of chemical odor intolerance evidence (a) increased sympathetic tone in the cardiovascular system at rest over multiple measurements$$$ and (b) greater sensitizability and/or lesser habituation of heart rate and diastolic blood pressure over time as a function, in part, of repeated environmental stressor exposures (i.e., a novel laboratory contextual setting and/or specific dietary constituents). Consistent with a sensitization model, the findings emphasize the need for two or more identical sessions at least 24 h apart in physiological studies of individuals with a high degree of intolerance for chemical odors versus normal individuals. The results of the blood pressure observations suggest that the possibility of abnormally labile autonomic function and cognitive sequelae in individuals with a high degree of intolerance for chemical odor increases with age.
Association of higher saturated fat intake with higher risk of hypertension in an urban population of Trivandrum in south India.$$$ Saturated fat intake appears to be a risk factor of insulin resistance which is important in the pathogenesis of diabetes and cardiovascular disease. This study aims to demonstrate whether saturated fat intake may be a risk factor of hypertension. Cross-sectional survey in six randomly selected streets in Trivandrum city in south India was conducted to study 1497 randomly selected subjects (737 males and 760 females) of 25-64 years of age. The prevalence of hypertension by Joint National Committee V criteria (> 140/90 were 34.6% (n = 255) in males and 30.7% (n = 234) in females. The consumption of food groups showed that they were within desirable limits. However, the intake of fruit, vegetable, legume and coconuts was lower and saturated fat intake higher (> 10% kcal/day), although total fat intake was within desirable limits. Total and saturated fat intake, and the consumption of coconut oil and butter, flesh foods, milk and yogurt as well as sugar and jaggery were significantly associated with hypertension. Total visible fat (> 20 g/day) intake was positively associated whereas fruit, vegetable, legume and coconut intake (< 400 g/day) was inversely associated with hypertension. Salt intake (> 8 g/day), smoking and illiteracy were not associated with hypertension. Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that saturated fat intake, age and body mass index were independently and strongly associated with hypertension whereas fruits, vegetable, legume and coconuts, coconut oil and butter and alcohol (males) intakes were weakly associated with hypertension. The odds ratio indicate higher risk of hypertension due to higher intake of saturated fat in both sexes (mean: odds ratio, 1.07, 95% confidence interval 1.05-1.09$$$ women, 1.08, 1.06-1.12, P < 0.01). Significant determinants of hypertension were higher saturated fat, particularly coconut oil, and lower fruit, vegetable, legume and coconuts, particularly legumes and coconuts in the diet, apart from conventional risk factors.
Relation of food and nutrient intakes to body mass in the special intervention and usual care groups in the Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial.$$$ This chapter summarizes weight and body mass index findings of the Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial and then focuses on relations of food group and nutrient intakes to weight change during follow-up. Results were qualitatively similar for the special intervention (SI) and usual care groups. Weight change was related both to dietary composition averaged over follow-up recalls and to changes from baseline. Greater weight loss compared with little change or gain was related to greater reductions from baseline and lower percentages of energy reported at follow-up from refined sucrose, total fat, and saturated and monounsaturated fatty acids. Greater weight loss was also associated with greater reductions in and lower intakes of cholesterol and energy. In both groups, these patterns reflected lower percentages of energy from medium-fat dairy products, eggs, highly saturated visible fats, crackers and snacks, refined sugars and sweets, and additionally for SI men, lower percentages of energy from high-fat meats, dairy products, and baked goods and desserts. In both groups weight loss was related to increased or higher percentages of energy from total and non-sucrose simple carbohydrates, and to fiber intake, and for SI men, to higher percentages of energy from starch. These nutrient patterns involved higher percentages of energy from low-fat dairy products, breads and cereals, fruit, and vegetables, and for SI men, from low-fat baked goods and desserts. Overall, substantial weight loss was associated with a diet of lower energy density and with higher intakes of several essential micronutrients.
Food group and nutrient intakes at baseline in the Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial.$$$ This chapter relates food and nutrient intakes at baseline to other facets of reported dietary behavior, major risk factors, and sociodemographic characteristics of men in the Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial. Intakes of total fat (38.4% of energy), saturated fatty acids (14.2%), and dietary cholesterol (492 mg/d) were similar to amounts seen in the first and second National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys in the 1970s and were generally lower than findings from studies in the 1960s. There were inverse relations between total serum cholesterol and intakes of total fat, saturated and monounsaturated fatty acids, and dietary cholesterol. These paradoxical associations were largely attributable to findings in the 21% of men who reported following a special diet, indicating that use of such a diet increases with severity of hypercholesterolemia. Fat intake was directly related to number of meals per week eaten away from home, and to cigarette smoking. Patterns of food and nutrient intake were similar for men stratified by baseline blood pressure and antihypertensive treatment. Intake of total energy and percentages from various dietary fats decreased with age, as did use of sucrose and caffeine. White men consumed more dairy products than did other ethnic groups, whereas black men consumed more eggs, sugars, and sweets. Asians had the highest intake of cereal foods. Those with more education ate less high-fat meat products, more fruit, and more polyunsaturated oils, but also more high-fat dairy products and less breads and cereals$$$ they also drank more alcohol.
Nutrient and food intake in obese women on a low-fat or low-calorie diet.$$$ The low-fat group consumed significantly fewer calories from fat and more calories from carbohydrate at both 6 and 12 months than the low-calorie group, but their fat intake was still about twice their goal at both 6 months (39 gm per day) and 12 months (46 gm per day). The low-calorie group achieved their fat goal of 30% of calorie intake, but they consumed from 300 to 700 kcal more than their calorie goal. Caloric intake, physical activity, palatability, satiety, quality of life, and weight loss were not significantly different by treatment. Two studies, which gave patients hypocaloric diets of varying fat and carbohydrate content (fat calories 10% to 45%) for from 10 to 12 weeks, found no effect of diet composition on weight loss. In addition, one study, which gave patients a low-fat, energy-unrestricted diet (fat calories 19%), reported a weight loss of 10.1 lb at 16 to 20 weeks and 5.7 lb at 9 to 12 months, which is similar to that seen in the low-fat group in the this study. Most of the decrease in fat intake (90%) in the low-fat group resulted from a reduction in intake of fat from fat and oils$$$ meat, fish, and poultry$$$ dairy products$$$ and sweets. The dietary changes in the low-fat group are consistent with those found in one study, which prescribed a 15% fat calorie diet to women with breast cancer. Intake of vitamin C increased in the low-fat group and decreased in the low-calorie group. This difference was significant and was caused by an increased intake of fruits and vegetables in the low-fat group and a decreased consumption of fruits in the low-calorie group. Calcium intake decreased significantly more in the low-calorie group because of a decreased intake of dairy foods.
Are butter and cheese rich in monounsaturates beneficial in hyperlipidaemic patients?.$$$ BACKGROUND: Reduction in intake of dairy products has long been recommended to reduce blood lipids. The value of monounsaturated fatty acids is increasingly recognized., METHODS: We evaluated the effects of a monounsaturate-rich butter and cheese (B) produced by modifying the bovine diet on blood lipid levels of patients with type IIa hyperlipidaemia. We compared their effects with those of normal butter and cheese (A) and polyunsaturate-rich spread and cheese (C). Using a double cross-over design, we studied 30 patients of mean age 56.4 years (23 men, one woman excluded) over 6-week periods., RESULTS: Approximately 35.5 g/day butter/cheese were consumed$$$ no changes in serum total cholesterol, triglycerides, low-density lipoprotein, lipoprotein (a) or cholesterol: high-density lipoprotein (HDL) ratio were observed. HDL levels were higher in B(1.31 mmol/l) than in C (1.22 mmol/l$$$ P < 0.05) and similar to those in A (1.28 mmol/l). HDL2 levels were higher in patients fed diet A(0.23 mmol/l) than they were in those fed diet C (0.19 mmol/l$$$ P < 0.05) and similar to those in patients fed diet B (0.20 mmol/l). Serum HDL3 was significantly higher in patients fed diet B (1.11 mmol/l) than in those fed diet C (1.03 mmol/l$$$ P < 0.05) but similar to that in patients fed diet A (1.06 mmol/l)., CONCLUSIONS: Moderate intake of modified dairy products may be of value and deserves further evaluation.
Skin treatment with bepanthen cream versus no cream during radiotherapy--a randomized controlled trial.$$$ In several radiotherapy departments, dexpanthenol cream (Bepanthen 'Roche') has been used extensively to ameliorate acute radiotherapy skin reactions. The evidence base for this practice is obscure as no randomized trials have been performed. In the present clinical prospective study of 86 patients we have compared Bepanthen cream with no topical ointment at all. The cream was applied on randomly selected parts of treatment fields in laryngeal and breast cancer patients, and so each patient acted as his own control. Seven patients were withdrawn from analysis. Scoring of skin reactions in 16 laryngeal and 63 breast cancer patients was performed without knowledge of which area that had been given cream or not. Endpoints were a modified skin reaction grading according to EORTC/RTOG, and itching/pain in treated fields. The study did not indicate any clinically important benefits of using Bepanthen cream for ameliorating radiogenic skin reactions under the conditions applied.
Long-term (6 months) effect of a new fermented milk product on the level of plasma lipoproteins--a placebo-controlled and double blind study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: We have recently demonstrated a short-term hypocholesterolemic effect (reduction of 8-10%) of a new fermented milk product taken for 6 weeks (Agerbaek et al, 1995$$$ Richelsen et al, 1993). The present study was undertaken to investigate the more long-term (6 months) effect of this fermented product on the level of lipoproteins., DESIGN: The study was randomized, double-blind, and placebo-controlled, and performed for a period of six months., SUBJECTS: Eighty-seven non-obese and normocholesterolemic females and males, aged 50-70 y old, were included in the study., INTERVENTION: 200 ml of either the fermented milk product or placebo (chemically fermented) were given daily. The test product was fermented with a bacteria culture containing Enterococcus faecium and two strains of Streptococcus termophilus., RESULTS: After one month the total- and LDL-cholesterol were significantly reduced in the fermented milk group as compared to placebo, LDL was reduced by 0.21 mmol/l vs 0.0 mmol/1 (P < 0.02). The maximal reduction of LDL-cholesterol was reached after 3 months in the test group with a reduction of 0.32 mmol/1 of initial values (P < 0.001). In the placebo group a gradual fall of total- and LDL-cholesterol was observed from 1-6 months of the study. Thus, after six months the reduction of LDL-cholesterol was similar in the two groups (P = 0.95) even though the reduction was significant in both groups in relation to initial values (P < 0.05). No changes in HDL-cholesterol or triglyceride were observed during the study. There were no differences in the response between women and men., CONCLUSION: The fermented milk product resulted in a rapid reduction of LDL-cholesterol observed after one month but during long-term intake (6 months) the reduction of LDL-cholesterol was similar to the placebo product, indicating that low-fat milk or fermented milk products may have some hypocholesterolemic effects but the present tested product does not seem to be superior in that respect to the placebo milk product used in the present study.
The Chief Scientist reports... Behavioural risk factors for coronary heart disease and cancers among adults in Edinburgh and Glasgow: assessing change 1988-1995.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess change over time in selected behavioural risk factors for coronary heart disease and cancers and to assess progress towards government-defined health targets., DESIGN: Computer assisted telephone interview survey, randomly selected sample., SETTING: Edinburgh and Glasgow., SUBJECTS: 34,247 aged 18-60 years$$$ 43.2% male and 56.8% female., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Changes in cigarette smoking, diet, alcohol use and exercise among adults between 1988 and 1995., RESULTS: A majority of the variables under study showed significant change over the time period under review. On the positive side, the percentage of female smokers decreased significantly, whilst the number of female ex-smokers increased$$$ the use of salt and butter declined significantly for men, and butter use declined significantly for women$$$ and increasing numbers of men ate fruit in the last 24 hours and daily. On the negative side, there was no significant decrease in smoking prevalence among men$$$ no significant increase in reported participation in physical activity for exercise for men or women, and a significant decrease in frequency of exercise for women$$$ and the frequency of "drinking heavily on occasion' increased for both men and women., CONCLUSIONS: Significant positive changes in key health behaviours have taken place among adults resident in Edinburgh and Glasgow since 1988, particularly in relation to smoking among women and diet among men, but progress is slow and patchy.
Association of trans fatty acids (vegetable ghee) and clarified butter (Indian ghee) intake with higher risk of coronary artery disease in rural and urban populations with low fat consumption.$$$ These cross-sectional surveys included 1769 rural (894 men and 875 women) and 1806 urban (904 men and 902 women) randomly selected subjects between 25-64 years of age from Moradabad in North India. The total prevalence of coronary artery disease based on clinical history and electrocardiogram was significantly higher in urban compared to rural men (11.0 vs. 3.9%) and women (6.9 vs. 2.6%), respectively. Food consumption patterns showed that important differences in relation to coronary artery disease were higher intake of total visible fat, milk and milk products, meat, eggs, sugar and jaggery in urban compared to rural subjects. Prevalence of coronary artery disease in relation to visible fat intake showed a higher prevalence rate with higher visible fat intake in both sexes and the trend was significant for total prevalence rates both for rural and urban men and women. Subgroup analysis among urban (694 men and 694 women) and rural (442 men and 435 women) subjects consuming moderate to high fat diets showed that subjects eating trans fatty acids plus clarified butter or those consuming clarified butter as total visible fat had a significantly higher prevalence of coronary artery disease compared to those consuming clarified butter plus vegetable oils in both rural (9.8, 7.1 vs. 3.0%) and urban (16.2, 13.5 vs. 11.0%) men as well as in rural (9.2, 4.5 vs. 1.5%) and urban (10.7, 8.8 vs. 6.4%) women. Univariate and multivariate regression analysis with adjustment for age showed that sedentariness in women, body mass index in urban men and women, milk and clarified butter plus trans fatty acids in both rural and urban in both sexes were significantly associated with coronary artery disease. It is possible that lower intake of total visible fat (20 g/day), decreased intake of milk, increased physical activity and cessation of smoking may benefit some populations in the prevention of coronary artery disease.
A placebo-controlled study of the effect of sour milk on blood pressure in hypertensive subjects.$$$ A placebo-controlled study was conducted to test the effect of Calpis (Calpis Food Industry Co, Ltd, Tokyo, Japan) sour milk, i.e., a milk fermented with a starter containing Lactobacillus helveticus and Saccharomyces cerevisiae, on the blood pressure of 30 elderly hypertensive patients, most of whom were taking antihypertensive medication. Subjects were randomly assigned to two groups. One group ingested daily 95 mL of the sour milk for 8 wk, and the other group ingested the same amount of artificially acidified milk as a placebo for 8 wk. In the sour-milk group, systolic blood pressure decreased significantly 4 and 8 wk after ingestion, by 9.4 +/- 3.6 mm Hg (mean+/- SE, P < 0.05) and 14.1 +/- 3.1 mm Hg (P < 0.01), respectively. The diastolic blood pressure also decreased significantly, by 6.9 +/- 2.2 mm Hg (P < 0.01), by 8 wk after ingestion of the sour milk began. No significant changes in blood pressure were observed in the placebo group. The decrease in systolic and diastolic blood pressure in the sour-milk group tended to be greater than in the placebo group. No marked changes were observed in other indexes, including pulse rate, body weight, and blood serum variables in both groups.
Nutritional effect of calcium supplementation by skim milk powder or calcium tablets on total nutrient intake in postmenopausal women.$$$ The effect of different types of calcium supplements on total nutrient intake has not been studied. The effect of dietary calcium supplementation (calcium tablets or skim milk powder) on nutrient intake in 64 postmenopausal women was studied in a 4-y longitudinal study consisting of 2 y of intervention and 2 y of follow-up. Subjects also received advice on how to reduce their consumption of high-fat and cholesterol-rich foods. Analysis of 4-d weighed diet records at 1 y showed that calcium intakes from the milk-powder supplement (1618 +/- 213 mg) and calcium tablets (1718 +/- 257 mg) were above recommended dietary intakes (RDI), and dietary fat intake and plasma cholesterol were significantly reduced compared with baseline values. The subjects supplemented with milk powder had higher intakes of several nutrients, including protein and zinc, compared with the subjects given calcium tablets. A greater proportion of subjects using the milk-powder supplement achieved > or = 70% of the RDI for zinc compared with tablet-supplemented subjects during the intervention study. Subjects were advised to continue with supplementation at the end of the intervention study. Thirty-nine subjects were available for follow-up. The mean (+/- SD) calcium intake for the milk-powder group (942 +/- 434 mg) was below the RDI and significantly lower than that of the calcium-tablet group (1346 +/- 512 mg). These data suggest that advice on dietary calcium supplementation and fat reduction had a beneficial effect on the nutrient intakes of postmenopausal women but compliance outside of a control trial by women taking calcium tablets was higher than that by women taking milk powder. Thus, strategies to encourage women to increase calcium intake can be introduced without significant deleterious effects on other aspects of the diet.
Monosodium glutamate affects mealtime food selection in diabetic patients.$$$ Lunch intake was followed in 31 matched pairs of hospitalized diabetic patients over four consecutive days. Pairs of patients were matched for type and duration of diabetes, gender, age and body mass index. Lunches were composed of appetizer, meat, vegetables, starch, cheese, bread and dessert$$$ water, coffee, tea and lemon were available. One patient per pair was randomly ascribed to the experimental group and was served vegetable and starch dishes added with 0.6% monosodium glutamate (MSG). Lunch intake was measured by weighing amounts served and left-overs. Patients in the experimental group ingested more starch food than their matched controls, and less lemon juice and yogurt. However, the total energy load at lunch was not different between groups. This effect on meal time food selection replicates earlier observations made on elderly persons. It is suggested that manipulating palatability of various foods within a meal, and especially by using MSG, is an efficient way to affect food selection in the meal, without inducing hyperphagia.
Modulation of pressure pain thresholds during and following isometric contraction in patients with fibromyalgia and in healthy controls.$$$ This study aimed at evaluating the influence of submaximal isometric contraction on pressure pain thresholds (PPTs) in 14 fibromyalgia (FM) patients and 14 healthy volunteers, before and after skin hypoesthesia. PPTs were determined with pressure algometry over m. quadriceps femoris before, during and following an isometric contraction. Maximum voluntary contraction (MVC) was assessed using a computerized dynamometer. A contraction of 22% MVC on average was held until exhaustion (max. 5 min) and PPTs were assessed every 30 sec. A local anesthetic cream and a control cream were applied following a double-blind design and PPTs were reassessed. In healthy volunteers PPTs increased during contraction (P < 0.001), then decreased after the end of contraction (P < 0.001) but remained above precontraction values during the 5 min of post-contraction assessments (P < 0.001). In FM patients PPTs decreased in the middle of the contraction period (P < 0.05) and remained below precontraction levels during the rest of the contraction period (P < 0.05) and during the 5 min of post-contraction assessment (immediately post-contraction NS$$$ 2.5 min post-contraction P < 0.01$$$ 5 min post-contraction P < 0.05). The normalized PPTs were significantly lower in patients than in controls during contraction (start P < 0.01$$$ middle P < 0.001$$$ end P < 0.001) and at all times during post-contraction assessments (P < 0.001). Anesthetic cream raised PPTs at rest in controls (P < 0.01) but not in FM patients, and did not influence contraction or post-contraction PPTs in either group. Therefore, the increased pressure pain sensibility in FM patients is more pronounced deep to the skin. The observed decrease of PPTs during isometric contraction in FM patients could be due to sensitization of mechanonociceptors caused by muscle ischemia and/or dysfunction in pain modulation during muscle contraction.
Calcium in milk products precipitates intestinal fatty acids and secondary bile acids and thus inhibits colonic cytotoxicity in humans.$$$ Dietary calcium may reduce the risk of colon cancer, probably by precipitating cytotoxic surfactants, such as secondary bile acids, in the colonic lumen. We previously showed that milk mineral, an important source of calcium, decreases metabolic risk factors and colonic proliferation in rats. We now report the effects of the habitual intake of milk calcium on metabolic risk factors in healthy subjects. A double-blind, cross-over metabolic study was performed in 13 healthy males. Placebo milk products (calcium, 3 mM) were compared with regular milk products (calcium, 30 mm). In each 1-week period, the habitual diet was recorded, and urine and feces were collected for 1 and 3 days, respectively. Milk calcium significantly increased fecal pH and fecal excretion of phosphate (132%), total fat (139%), free fatty acids (195%), and bile acids (141%), indicating intestinal complexation. In fecal water, the concentrations of long-chain fatty acids, secondary bile acids (deoxycholic and lithocholic acid), neutral sterols, and phospholipids were about halved (P <0.05). Consistent with these changes in soluble hydrophobic surfactants, calcium decreased the cytotoxicity of fecal water from 68 +/- 9 to 28 +/- 12% (P < 0.005). Calcium in milk products precipitates luminal cytotoxic surfactants and thus inhibits colonic cytotoxicity. Therefore, habitual dietary calcium may contribute to a nutritional modulation of colon cancer risk.
Treatment of acute reflex sympathetic dystrophy with DMSO 50% in a fatty cream.$$$ Acute Reflex Sympathetic Dystrophy (acute RSD) was defined using a reproducible classification. Elevated temperature of the affected extremity ("calor"), measured by the dorsal side of the observer's hand and mentioned by the patient, pain ("dolor") measured by the Visual Analogue Scale (VAS), redness ("rubor"), edema ("tumor") and limited active range of motion ("functio laesa"), all contributed to the classification system. Patients scoring 4 to 5 positive symptoms were considered to have acute RSD. A prospective, randomized and double blind study was performed in 32 patients, all suffering from acute RSD. In all of these patients the primary injury was the result of a previous accident. One patient was taken out of the study because of his surgery. The study involved treatment with a fatty cream with 50% dimethyl sulfoxide (DMSO, group A), or without DMSO (placebo, group B), both for 2 months. All patients received physiotherapy applied within pain limits. Application of the creams resulted in both groups in an improvement of RSD-scores and VAS-scores after 2 months. However, the improvement of the RSD score in patients of group A (DMSO-group) was significantly (P < 0.01) better compared to group B. The results suggest a certain activity of DMSO 50% cream in patients suffering from RSD and is, therefore, recommendable.
Plasma fatty acid responses, metabolic effects, and safety of microalgal and fungal oils rich in arachidonic and docosahexaenoic acids in healthy adults.$$$ The effect of dietary supplementation with different amounts of a fungal oil containing arachidonic acid (AA, 20:4n--6) and a microalgal oil containing docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6n--3), blended to give a ratio of AA to DHA of 1.25:1.00, on plasma lipid AA, DHA, cholesterol, and triacylglycerols was evaluated in healthy men. Subjects (n = 8/group) were given 28.8 g fat/d containing 0 x (0 g AA, 0 g DHA), or 1 x (0.8 g AA, 0.6 g DHA), 3 x (2.2 g AA, 1.7 g DHA), or 5 x (3.6 g AA, 2.9 g DHA) the estimated intake of infants fed human milk with 0.5% AA and 0.4% DHA for 14 d. No clinically significant dose-related effects were seen on physical examination or from routine laboratory tests. The microalgal-fungal oil blend resulted in a significant, dose-dependent increase in plasma cholesterol and percentage phospholipid AA and DHA, and a decrease in percentage triacylglycerols and phospholipid linoleic acid. Plasma phospholipid AA and DHA increased approximately 18% and 50%, respectively, with the 1 x dose, similar to that expected at intakes provided by human milk. These oils appear to be safe dietary sources of AA and DHA for healthy adults at intakes equivalent to 0.8 g AA and 0.6 g DHA/d for > or = 2 wk.
-Anticoagulant drugs-.$$$ In todays medicine, anticoagulant drugs like heparin and coumadin derivatives have become indispensable for the treatment of thrombo-embolic diseases. Heparin, consisting of long poly-sulfated polysaccharide chains of variable length and sequences is mostly derived from porcine mucosa. Its bioavailability by other than the parenteral way of administration is almost negligible. Therefore, with only few exceptions, it is almost exclusively applied in hospitalized patients (short-term therapy) or to bridge 2 phases of treatment with oral anticoagulant drugs. Today, besides the conventional high-molecular weight heparins, new fractionated heparins are gaining more and more attention. They offer the advantage of a more reliable resorption from the subcutaneous tissue and thus warrant reliable plasma levels. In many recent randomized trials of deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism, those fractionated heparins have proven to successfully substitute for intravenously applied, aPTT-controlled unfractionated heparin. It remains however open, whether this also translates into the prevention of arterial thrombo-embolic diseases. Heparin may not pass through the placental barrier nor into the milk and is regarded non-teratogenic. Therefore, it may be regarded the ideal anticoagulant for pregnant women and lactating mothers. Those women, however, still carry the heparin-associated risk of bleeding and osteoporosis. In comparison: Coumadin derivatives interfere with the carboxylation of the clotting factors II, VII, IX, and X as well as proteins C and S. By inhibiting the synthesis of these proteins they shift the haemostatic balance to a lower level. In addition, they are almost completely bioavailable by the enteral pathway. They are, therefore, regarded the drugs of choice for long-term anticoagulant therapy in patients at particular thromboembolic risk. For their therapeutic range, being extremely narrow, meticulous drug monitoring by repeated INR-measurements as well as a reliable compliance of the patient to drug intake and dietary restrictions are mandatory to exclude phases with over- or under-anticoagulation. Above all, coumadin therapy is characterized by numerous drug interactions. Thus, whenever the basal medication is changed, for whatever reason, more intense care must be laid to drug monitoring, and the intervals for INR determinations must transiently be shortened. Coumadin derivatives do pass through the placental barrier and in minor amounts also into the milk of breast feeding mothers. Furthermore, they are highly teratogenic. If taken during pregnancy, malformations of the central nervous system are reported to occur in some 10% to 30% of the infants. Thus during pregnancy and in the lactation period, coumadin therapy should be avoided. Bleeding episodes of different severity are the most frequent adverse effects of anticoagulant therapy, no matter whether heparin or coumadin is given. There is a direct relation between the intensity of anticoagulant therapy and the frequency of bleeds. Luckily, most bleeding episodes do not create major therapeutic problems. In case of severe bleeds, however, the anticoagulant therapy must immediately be suspended. In case of coumadin therapy the immediate administration of 4 packs of PPSB (prothrombin-complex-concentrates) or FFP (fresh-frozen-plasma) with concomitant low doses of heparin is additionally advised. Allopecia diffusa, urticartia and allergic reactions are known side effects of anticoagulant therapy. Patients on long-term heparin may also suffer from severe osteoporosis. On the other hand, heparin treatment raises the hazzards of a HAT-Syndrome (heparin-associated thrombocytopenia) (estimated frequency 0.01% to 0.1% of treated patients), giving rise to severe and life-threatening thrombo-embolic side effects predominantly in the arterial tree. In these cases, heparin must be suspended despite those severe thrombo-embolic episodes.
Effect on serum lipids of monounsaturated oil and margarine in the diet of an Antarctic Expedition.$$$ A 13-wk dietary intervention was carried out with 23 members of the 1991 wintering party of an Australian National Antarctic Research Expedition. Canola margarine and canola cooking oil were substituted for usual dietary fats (butter, a margarine containing 28% saturated fat, a polyunsaturated margarine, and vegetable oil). Mean energy intake slowly decreased although body weight slowly increased during the 42-wk wintering-over period. During 13 wk of dietary substitution, mean total cholesterol and low-density-lipoprotein-cholesterol concentrations fell by 7.0% and 10.0%, respectively (P < 0.05, repeated-measures ANOVA). These changes were not found in a second wintering-over group that did not experience this dietary intervention. The data indicate that a relatively simple change to the food supply has the potential to produce significant beneficial changes in lipoprotein lipid profile.
Comparison of the effects of diets enriched in lauric, palmitic, or oleic acids on serum lipids and lipoproteins in healthy women and men.$$$ The degree to which different saturated fatty acids exert their cholesterol-raising effects is still unknown. Therefore, we studied the effect on serum lipids and lipoproteins of diets rich in lauric, palmitic, or oleic acids. Eighteen women and 14 men consumed in random order three experimental diets, each for 6 wk. The diets consisted of solid foods and contained 40% of energy as fat, of which 28% was supplied by the experimental fats. The fat high in lauric acid was a mixture of palm kernel oil (75%) and a high-oleic acid sunflower oil (25%)$$$ the fat high in palmitic acid consisted of dairy fat (55%), palmstearin (36%), and sunflower oil (9%)$$$ and the fat high in oleic acid consisted of dairy fat (37%) and sunflower oil (63%). The calculated nutrient composition was the same in each diet except for approximately equal to 8.5% of energy, which was provided by lauric, palmitic, or oleic acids. With the lauric acid diet the subjects' serum total cholesterol concentration increased by 0.22 mmol/L (P = 0.0121$$$ 95% CI: 0.02, 0.41 mmol/L) as compared with the palmitic acid diet and by 0.48 mmol/L (P < 0.0001$$$ 95% CI: 0.29, 0.67 mmol/L) compared with the oleic acid diet. Total cholesterol concentrations with the palmitic acid diet were 0.26 mmol/L (P = 0.0012$$$ 95% CI: 0.07, 0.46 mmol/L) higher than with the oleic acid diet. High-density-lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol concentrations increased by 0.12 mmol/L (P = 0.006$$$ 95% CI: 0.04, 0.20 mmol/L) with the lauric acid compared with the palmitic acid diet and by 0.14 mmol/L (P < 0.001$$$ 95% CI: 0.07, 0.22 mmol/L) compared with the oleic acid diet. HDL-cholesterol concentrations with the palmitic acid and the oleic acid diet were the same. No effects were seen in serum triacylglycerol and lipoprotein(a) concentrations. We conclude that both lauric and palmitic acids are hypercholesterolemic compared with oleic acid. Lauric acid raises total cholesterol concentrations more than palmitic acid, which is partly due to a stronger rise in HDL cholesterol.
The effect of postoperative analgesia with continuous epidural bupivacaine after cesarean section on the amount of breast feeding and infant weight gain.$$$ The purpose of this study is to determine the effect of postoperative analgesia on the amount of breast feeding and infant weight gain. Thirty parturients undergoing elective cesarean section under spinal anesthesia were randomly allocated to receive postoperative pain management with (S-E group, n = 15) or without epidural bupivacaine (S group, n = 15). Epidural analgesia was performed for 3 days with a continuous epidural infusion (0.7 mL/h) of 0.25% bupivacaine. Diclofenac was available on demand in all patients. The weight of milk fed by breast and the infant weight were measured for 11 days after cesarean section. In the S-E group, the visual analog pain score after surgery was significantly lower and both the weight of milk fed by breast and the infant weight during the study were significantly more than the respective values in the S group. The S group required a larger dose of diclofenac after the operation than did the S-E group. We suggest that satisfactory postoperative pain relief with continuous epidural bupivacaine for 3 days after cesarean section improved the amount of breast feeding and the gain of infant weight.
Effects of partially hydrogenated fish oil, partially hydrogenated soybean oil, and butter on hemostatic variables in men.$$$ We have compared the effects of partially hydrogenated fish oil (PHFO diet), partially hydrogenated soybean oil (PHSO diet), and butterfat (butter diet) on fibrinolytic and coagulation variables in 31 young men. The three test margarines, which contributed 78% of total fat in the diets, contained 70% butterfat, PHSO, or PHFO, each with 30% of soybean oil. Fat provided approximately 35% of energy, and the content of trans-fatty acids was 0.9%, 8.5%, and 8.0% of energy in the butter diet, PHSO diet, and PHFO diet, respectively. All diets contained 420 mg cholesterol per 10 megajoules per day. All subjects consumed all three test diets for 3 weeks, in a random order (crossover design). The PHSO diet resulted in higher levels of plasminogen activator inhibitor type 1 antigen and plasminogen activator inhibitor type 1 activity than the two other test diets. Fibrinogen increased on the butter diet compared with the PHFO diet. No significant differences in the levels of factor VII, fibrinopeptide A, D-dimer, tissue plasminogen activator or beta-thromboglobulin were observed between the three test diets. The PHFO and the PHSO diets have previously been shown to result in higher levels of Lp(a) compared with the butter diet. The present findings indicate that PHSO has unfavorable antifibrinolytic effects relative to PHFO and butter and that butter may be procoagulant relative to PHFO. More controlled studies are needed to assess definitely the impact of different hydrogenated fats on risk of coronary heart disease.
Relative effects of high saturated fatty acid levels in meat, dairy products, and tropical oils on serum lipoprotein and low-density lipoprotein degradation by mononuclear cells in healthy males.$$$ To determine the effects of three saturated fatty acid combinations on lipoprotein metabolism, we fed 18 21- to 32-year-old men three diets in a crossover design for 28-day periods separated by washout periods of 4 to 6 weeks. The men self-selected a prescribed diet at home emphasizing saturated fat as the visible fat for 1 week. Then, they ate experimental diets providing 40%, 15%, 17%, and 7% of food energy, respectively, as total, saturated, monounsaturated, and polyunsaturated fatty acids, levels representing amounts available in the US diet. Different test fatty acid combinations, given at 4 to 6 energy% (en%) each, were incorporated into food products: 12:0 + 14:0, 14:0 + 16:0, and 16:0 + 18:0. Test fatty acids were equalized by giving free myristic acid (14:0) with palm kernel oil or butter and sheanut butter (high in 18:0) with lard. The diet highest in 12:0 + 14:0 also provided 4.2 en% 16:0, the most common saturated fatty acid in the US diet. Mean apparent absorption of all fatty acids was at least 90%. The three diets produced similar concentrations of serum total and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and apolipoprotein (apo) B-100 regardless of the apo E phenotype of the subjects. Compared with baseline, the experimental diets affected serum high-density lipoprotein (HDL) concentrations (P < .06), with the highest values occurring on diet 12:0 + 14:0. When the change from baseline in receptor-mediated degradation of 125I-LDL in freshly isolated mononuclear cells (MNC) was stratified by apo E phenotype, diet 16:0 + 18:0 produced a 30% increase, compared with a 9% decrease on diet 12:0 + 14:0 and a 6% increase on diet 14:0 + 16:0 in subjects with the apo E3/3 phenotype. These results suggested that different saturated fatty acid combinations, consumed at levels typical of availability in the United States and with diets providing ample unsaturated fat, had similar cholesterolemic properties in healthy males despite some subtly different effects on lipoprotein metabolism.
Effect on lipoprotein profile of replacing butter with margarine in a low fat diet: randomised crossover study with hypercholesterolaemic subjects.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To examine the effect on lipid and lipoprotein concentrations when butter or an unsaturated margarine is used for cooking or spreading in a reduced fat diet., DESIGN: Randomised crossover study with two intervention periods of six weeks' duration separated by a five week washout., SETTING: Community setting in New Zealand., SUBJECTS: 49 volunteers with polygenic hypercholesterolaemia and baseline total cholesterol concentration in the range 5.5-7.9 mmol/l., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Concentrations of total and low density lipoprotein, Lp(a) lipoprotein, high density lipoprotein, apolipoprotein B 100, and apolipoprotein A I., RESULTS: Concentrations of low density lipoprotein cholesterol and apolipoprotein B were about 10% lower with margarine than with butter. Lp(a) lipoprotein and high density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations were similar with the two diets., CONCLUSION: Despite concerns about adverse effects on lipoproteins of trans fatty acids in margarines, the use of unsaturated margarine rather than butter by hypercholesterolaemic people is associated with a lipoprotein profile that would be expected to reduce cardiovascular risk.
Community-based education classes for hypertension control. A 1.5-year randomized controlled trial.$$$ Community-based hypertension control is important for primary prevention of cardiovascular disease. In this study, untreated men and women aged 35 to 69 years were randomly assigned to an intervention (n=56) or control (n=55) group in a 1.5-year community-based education program. Subjects had no evidence of hypertensive end-organ defects and had screening blood pressures of 140 to 179 mm Hg systolic and/or 90 to 109 mm Hg diastolic, with no difference in mean blood pressure between groups (148 to 150 mm Hg for mean systolic and 83 to 84 mm Hg for mean diastolic pressures). The intervention group took four education classes in the first 6 months and four classes during the next year, and the control group took two classes. Health education focused on reduced dietary sodium and increased milk intake, brisk walking, and, if necessary, reduction of alcohol and sugar intakes. Antihypertensive medication was started less often in the intervention than in the control group at 1.5 years (9% versus 24%, P <.05). Mean systolic pressure was 5 to 6 mm Hg less in the intervention than in the control group at both 6 months and 1.5 years (P <.05), with or without inclusion of those subjects who began antihypertensive medication. Diastolic pressure and body mass index did not change significantly between groups. Urinary sodium excretion declined in the intervention but not in the control group (differences between groups: P=.04 at 6 months and P=.07 at 1.5 years). According to a behavioral questionnaire, sodium reduction and milk increase were greater in the intervention than the control group (sodium: P <.01 at 6 months and P=.08 at 1.5 years$$$ milk: P <.001 at 6 months and P <.01 at 1.5 years). Mean ethanol intake was reduced in the intervention but not the control group (P=.04 at 1.5 years). This community-based hypertension control program was effective in reducing systolic pressure levels by nonpharmacological means during the first 6 months and maintaining the reduction for 1.5 years.
Modifying the fatty acid profile of dairy products through feedlot technology lowers plasma cholesterol of humans consuming the products.$$$ Intake of milk and butter has been clearly associated with higher coronary heart disease rates in different countries and this is likely to be mediated by the hypercholesterolemic effect of dairy fat. Fat-modified dairy products are an innovation involving a technology in which protected unsaturated lipids are fed to ruminants resulting in milk and tissue lipids with reduced saturated fatty acids. We examined the impact of these novel dairy fats on plasma lipids in a human dietary trial. Thirty-three men and women participated in an 8-wk randomized crossover trial comparing fat-modified with conventional dairy products. The trial consisted of a 2-wk low-fat baseline period followed by two 3-wk intervention phases. During the test periods, the fat-modified products resulted in a significant 0.28-mmol/L (4.3%) lowering of total cholesterol (P < 0.001). Most of this decrease was in LDL cholesterol, which decreased by 0.24 mmol/L (P < 0.001) whereas HDL cholesterol and triacylglycerols remained essentially unchanged. This alteration in the fatty acid profile of dairy products, if applied to populations typical of developed Western countries, represents a potential strategy to lower the risk of coronary heart disease without any appreciable change in customary eating patterns.
Plasma lipoprotein profile and lipolytic activities in response to the substitution of lean white fish for other animal protein sources in premenopausal women.$$$ A crossover study was conducted to examine the effects on plasma lipoprotein concentrations of substituting lean white fish (LWF) for beef, port, veal, eggs, and milk products (BPVEM) within prudent isoenergetic diets. Fourteen premenopausal women received 8784 kJ--20% as protein, 50% as carbohydrates, and 30% as lipids [ratio of polyunsaturated to monounsaturated to saturated fatty acids (P:M:S) of 1:1:1 compared with 0.4:1:1 in preexperimental diet]--and 260 mg cholesterol/d. After 4 wk, the BPVEM diet significantly reduced concentrations of plasma cholesterol, low-density-lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, high-density-lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, apolipoprotein B, HDL-apolipoprotein A-I, and LDL-apolipoprotein B (P<0.05) as well as plasma postheparin hepatic triacylglycerol lipase activity compared with the preexperimental diet. These effects are probably attributable to elevation of the P:M:S. These responses were not observed with the LWF diet, suggesting that fish protein in LWF maintains unchanged plasma cholesterol concentrations despite a high P:M:S. The LWF diet, compared with the preexperimental diet, reduced very-low-density-lipoprotein triacylglycerol (P<0.05) and also the ratio of LDL cholesterol to apolipoprotein B (P<0.05), revealing the presence of denser LDL particles. Compared with the BPVEM diet, the LWF diet induced lower concentrations of very-low-density-lipoprotein triacylglycerols (P<0.05) and higher concentrations of LDL triacylglycerol and LDL apolipoprotein B (P<0.05), which were not associated with any increase in lipoprotein lipase activity. These results suggest that LWF as a substitute for BPVEM in isoenergetic diets with an elevated P:S produces minimal improvement in the lipoprotein profile in premenopausal women.
Impact of hydrogenated fat consumption on endogenous cholesterol synthesis and susceptibility of low-density lipoprotein to oxidation in moderately hypercholesterolemic individuals.$$$ The effects of replacing corn oil with corn oil margarine in stick form on endogenous cholesterol synthesis and susceptibility of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) to oxidation were assessed in 14 middle-aged and elderly men and women aged 63 +/- 12 years (mean +/- SD) with moderate hypercholesterolemia (mean LDL-cholesterol [LDL-C], 4.24 +/- 0.59 mmol/L at the time of recruitment). Subjects consumed each of two diets for 32-day periods, one enriched in corn oil, which contained 30% of energy as fat (7% saturated fatty acid [SFA], 9% monounsaturated fatty acid [MUFA] [0.4% 18:1n9 trans], and 11% polyunsaturated fatty acid [PUFA]) and 85 mg cholesterol/4.2 MJ, and one enriched in stick corn oil margarine, which contained 30% fat (8% SFA, 12% MUFA [4.2% 18:1n9trans], and 8% PUFA) and 77 mg cholesterol/4.2 MJ. Both diets were isocaloric and supplied by a metabolic research kitchen. Mean total cholesterol levels were lowest (P = .039) when subjects consumed the corn oil-enriched diet (5.01 +/- 0.51 mmol/L) as compared with the margarine-enriched diet (5.30 +/- 0.58 mmol/L). LDL-C levels were 3.24 +/- 0.51 and 3.50 +/- 0.54 mmol/L when subjects consumed corn oil-and margarine-enriched diets, respectively (P = .058). There were no significant differences in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) or triglyceride concentrations between the two experimental periods. Consumption of the margarine-enriched diet versus the corn oil-enriched diet tended to result in lower cholesterol fractional synthetic rates ([C-FSRs] 0.0466 +/- 0.0175 and 0.0668 +/- 0.0298, respectively, P = .080) and cholesterol absolute synthetic rates ([C-ASRs] 1.1761 +/- 0.5375 and 1.6954 +/- 0.8685, respectively, P = .092)$$$ however, differences did not reach statistical significance. Consumption of the margarine-enriched diet versus the corn oil-enriched diet resulted in a significantly higher concentration of alpha-tocopherol in both plasma and LDL(P = .004 and P = .011, respectively). LDL particle size tended to be smaller after subjects consumed the margarine-enriched diet versus the corn oil-enriched diet (P = .103). Susceptibility of LDL to oxidation was similar after consumption of the corn oil- and margarine-enriched diets. These data suggest that an increased rate of endogenous cholesterol synthesis did not contribute to the higher plasma cholesterol concentrations during the period when subjects consumed the margarine-enriched diet. Therefore, the increase in cholesterol concentration resulting from margarine consumption was likely attributable, at least in part, to a decreased catabolic rate of cholesterol. Additionally, susceptibility of LDL to in vitro oxidation was not altered by consumption of hydrogenated fat.
Differential effects of saturated and monounsaturated fat on blood glucose and insulin responses in subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.$$$ To compare the metabolic effect of coingestion of saturated and monounsaturated fats with potato, 12 subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) received 300 g mashed potato alone or in combination with 40 g olive oil, 80 g olive oil, 50 g butter, or 100 g butter, respectively. The blood glucose response area to potatoes with 100 g butter (448 +/- 68 mmol.240 min/L) was significantly lower than after the four other meals: 596 +/- 63 (potato alone), 649 +/- 82 (potato + 40 g olive oil), 587 +/- 80 (potato + 50 g butter), and 604 +/- 81 (potato + 80 g olive oil) nmol.240 min/L, P < 0.05, respectively. The insulin response was significantly increased by adding 50 and 100 g butter, whereas addition of 40 and 80 g olive oil had no effect. The fatty acid concentration was higher when 100 g butter was added to the potato meal than when it was not (0.67 +/- 0.05 compared with 0.48 +/- 0.07 mmol/L, P < 0.05). Fatty acid concentrations were similar to those found for the other meals. The triacylglycerol response increased in a dose-dependent manner with the fat content of the meals irrespective of the type of fat. We conclude that butter increases the insulin response more than does olive oil, and large amounts of butter also increase fatty acid and triacylglycerol concentrations.
Relationships between administration of GnRH, body condition score and fertility in Holstein dairy cattle.$$$ The objective of this study was to determine the effect of GnRH treatment in dairy cows differing in body condition score. A total of 2437 primiparous and multiparous cows was allocated randomly to receive either GnRH (100 microg) or placebo at the post partum exam (25 to 35 d) and at the first breeding. Complete records were available from 1906 cows: Group 1 (n = 535) placebo and placebo$$$ Group 2 (n = 489) GnRH and placebo$$$ Group 3 (n = 438) placebo and GnRH$$$ and Group 4 (n = 444) GnRH and GnRH. The change of body condition score during early lactation was determined on a 1 to 5 scale (1 = emaciated to 5 = obese). Cows with a high body condition score (> or =3.0) at the first breeding had 8.8 fewer days to first service and 6.4 fewer days open but more services per conception (0.16) than cows with low body condition score (<3.0). Conception rate improved when GnRH was administered at the first breeding to cows with a body condition score of <3.0 at the first breeding regardless of parity. The administration of GnRH at the post partum exam decreased the conception rate in first lactation cows but was beneficial for cows in second and greater lactations. Thus the efficacy of GnRH may not be consistent in all parities and body condition groups.
Comparing early embryo mortality in dairy cows during hot and cool seasons of the year.$$$ The objectives of this study were to identify the level and stage of embryonic mortality that occur in dairy cows during hot and cool seasons of the year. Experimental dairy cows, of varying ages, were artificially inseminated with frozen-thawed semen from proven Holstein sires. Females on each dairy unit were then randomly allocated to one of three experimental groups after partitioning by day of artificial insemination, days post partum, parity, and current milk production level. In Group I and Group II, nonsurgical embryo collection was performed on each cow using Dulbecco's phosphate-buffered saline as the flushing medium. Embryos from cows in Group I were collected on Days 6 or 7 post insemination during the hot (n=93) and cool (n=64) seasons. Embryos from cows in Group II were collected on Days 13 or 14 post insemination during the hot (n=97) and cool (n=63) seasons. In Group III, contemporary control cows were also inseminated during the hot (n=106) and cool (n=106) seasons, and fetal heart beat was evaluated via ultrasound between Days 25 and 35 following insemination. Embryo viability decreased (P<0.05) from 59% at Day 7 to 27% at Day 14 in the hot season, but was not decreased during the cool season (52 vs. 60%). Pregnancy rate at Days 25 to 35 was 21% in the hot season, which was less (P<0.05) than the 36% in the cool season. The percentage of unfertilized ova collected in both the hot and cool seasons suggests that fertilization failure was not affected by season of breeding. In summary, embryonic loss after Day 7 of pregnancy appears to be a problem in this hot, dry climate.
Frozen desserts and glycemic response in well-controlled NIDDM patients.$$$ Fructose is known to elicit a lower glycemic response than sucrose, and high-fructose desserts have been recommended for a diabetic diet. We compared a cholesterol-free tofu-based frozen dessert (TFD) containing high-fructose corn syrups with a dairy-based sucrose-sweetened ice cream (IC). Six male and six female non-insulin-dependent diabetic patients (mean age 51 yr, mean ideal body weight 143%, fasting blood glucose less than 160 mg/dl) with well-controlled diabetes and managed on oral hypoglycemic agents were studied. Subjects underwent three trials. In the first trial they ingested 50 g glucose, and in the next two trials they ingested 50-g carbohydrate equivalents of either TFD or IC in random sequence. Venous blood was drawn at intervals during the 3-h trials for glucose and insulin determinations. Fasting plasma glucose was not statistically different between IC and TFD trials (130 vs. 121 mg/dl). Peak glucose responses were at 120 min in both trials (190 mg/dl for IC and 222 mg/dl for TFD), with those for TFD being significantly higher (P less than 0.01). Mean glucose area and glycemic index for TFD were significantly greater than for IC (P less than 0.01 and P less than 0.03, respectively). There was no significant difference between mean insulin areas. In summary, the TFD, which contains soybean curd and high-fructose corn syrup, might have been expected to produce more satisfactory postprandial blood glucose levels than IC, which contains sucrose, yet a higher glycemic response was elicited. This is related to the substantial amount of total glucose in this "fructose" dessert.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Influence of diets containing cow's milk or soy protein beverage on plasma lipids in children with familial hypercholesterolemia.$$$ The present article summarizes the effects of diets containing either cow's milk or soy protein beverage on plasma lipids and lipoproteins in children with familial hypercholesterolemia. After a stabilization period of 6 weeks without any hypolipemic medication, 10 subjects aged 6-12 years were randomly assigned to either cow's milk or soy protein beverage with subsequent crossover after a washout period, each of 4 weeks duration. During the experimental periods, subjects were fed diets containing 20% of energy as protein, of which 35% was from cow's milk protein or soy protein isolate, 28% of energy as fat with a polyunsaturated:monounsaturated:saturated fat ratio of 1:3:3, and less than 200 mg/day of cholesterol. The soy protein beverage, compared to cow's milk, induced significant reductions in plasma triglycerides and very-low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, as well as a significant increase in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, indicating that consumption of soy protein beverage may be beneficial for the prevention of coronary heart disease in children with familial hypercholesterolemia.
Efficacy of the topical anesthetic cream, EMLA, in alleviating both needle insertion and injection pain.$$$ To assess the efficacy of the topical anesthetic cream, EMLA, in alleviating the pain produced by infiltration of local anesthetic prior to surgical skin biopsies, a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study was performed on 54 patients undergoing 162 excisional biopsies. Both pain induced by needle insertion and pain induced by local injection were significantly diminished after topical application of EMLA cream. However, part of the effect was placebo, because the placebo ointment (Vaseline) also produced significant pain alleviation.
Topical fat reduction.$$$ The fat on women's thighs is more difficult to mobilize due to increased alpha-2 adrenergic receptor activity induced by estrogen. Lipolysis can be initiated through adipocyte receptor stimulation (beta adrenergic) or inhibition (adenosine or alpha-2 adrenergic) or by inhibition of phosphodiesterase. Since many women desire regional thigh fat loss, a series of clinical trials were initiated using one thigh as a double-blinded control. Trial #1: Five overweight women had injections of isoproterenol at intervals around the thigh three times a week for 4 weeks with diet and walking. Trial #2: Five overweight woman had ointment containing forskolin, yohimbine and aminophylline applied to the thigh five times a week for 4 weeks after hypertonic warm soaks with a diet and walking. Trial #3: Eighteen overweight women were divided into three groups of six and trial #2 was repeated with each agent alone vs. placebo using forskolin, yohimbine or aminophylline in separate ointments. Trial #4: Thirty overweight women had 10% aminophylline ointment applied to the thigh five times a week for 6 weeks with diet and walking. Chemistry panel, theophylline level and patch testing were performed. Trial #5: Twelve women had trial #4 repeated with 2% aminophylline cream without a diet or walking. Trial #6: Trial #5 was repeated with 0.5% aminophylline cream. All trials except yohimbine ointment gave significantly more girth loss from the treated thigh (p < 0.05 to p < 0.001). Chemistry panel showed no toxicity. Theophylline was undetectable and patch testing was negative. We conclude that topical fat reduction for women's thighs can be achieved without diet or exercise.
Dietary practices, alcohol consumption, and smoking behavior: ethnic, sex, and acculturation differences.$$$ Current knowledge is scarce on Latino dietary practices. This study compared the dietary practices, alcohol consumption, and smoking behavior of Latinos and non-Latino whites in two randomly selected samples. Telephone surveys of adults 35-74 years of age from the Kaiser Permanente Medical Care Program (Latinos = 844$$$ non-Latino whites = 510) and from census tract-based areas (Latinos = 806$$$ non-Latino whites = 436) were conducted in the San Francisco Bay Area. Latino ethnicity was a significant predictor of dietary and alcohol consumption practices in multivariate logistic regression models after adjustment for sex, education, age, employment, health insurance, martial status, county of residence, and self-perceived health status. Compared with non-Latino whites, Latinos were significantly less likely to report eating vegetables and more likely to eat rice, beans, and fried foods and to drink whole milk. Less acculturated Latinos were more likely to eat fruits, rice, beans, meat, and fried foods and to drink whole milk than more acculturated Latinos. Latino men were significantly more likely to be binge drinkers, and Latina women were significantly more likely to abstain from drinking alcohol during the month prior to the interview. As Latina women acculturate to the U.S. mainstream, they report more cigarette smoking and alcohol consumption. Although Latinos reported higher levels of selected high-fiber foods, the low consumption of vegetables, widespread use of saturated fat, and the heavy drinking and smoking among Latino men, which are associated with the level of acculturation, may increase the risk for cancer. Educational messages targeting less acculturated Latinos should focus on maintaining their current healthy dietary practices of eating fruits, rice, and beans and decreasing their fat consumption. For more acculturated Latinos, emphasis should be placed on resuming the traditional diet.
Human leukocyte interferon-alpha versus podophyllotoxin in cream for the treatment of genital warts in males. A placebo-controlled, double-blind, comparative study.$$$ BACKGROUND: The incidence of overt genital warts, a common sexually transmitted disease of high prevalence, has been on the rise for the last few years. The infection is caused by several types of human papillomaviruses (HPVs), some of which have been accepted as a factor in the pathogenesis of genital squamous-cell carcinomas., OBJECTIVE: The aim of this double-blind, placebo-controlled study was to compare and evidence differences in clinical efficacy and tolerance between human leukocyte interferon-alpha (2 x 10(6) IU/g) and podophyllotoxin (0.5%), incorporated in a hydrophilic cream base to cure genital warts in Asian males., METHODS: Sixty patients, circumcised, who ranged in age from 18 to 40 years (mean 25.0), diagnosed with the evidence of penoscopy and HPV DNA (Southern dot blot) as harboring 396 lesions (mean 6.6), were randomized to three parallel groups. Each subject was allocated a precoded tube (40 g) containing one of two trial preparations or matching placebo for 3 days' (consecutive) usage, thrice daily. The study lasted 16 weeks with 4 weeks of active treatment. The patients were examined on a weekly basis, and a clinically and HPV-DNA-confirmed total regression of lesions was recorded as cured. Patients cured during the treatment were spared further therapy and were requested to visit us as scheduled for poststudy follow-up., RESULTS: Findings indicated that patients treated with leukocyte interferon-alpha cream had shown comparatively better results than the podophyllotoxin-treated group (90 vs. 55%, p < 0.0285) or the placebo group (15%). Mild and transient localized erythema (8.3%), burning sensation (6.6%) and transitory increase in body temperature (> 38 degrees C$$$ 6.6%) were the most frequent adverse symptoms with no dropout. The study was followed up for 1 year, and out of 32/60 (53.3%) cured patients 3 had a relapse after 10 months., CONCLUSION: Leukocyte interferon-alpha (2 x 10(6) IU/g) has shown comparatively better results than 0.5% podophyllotoxin and placebo in a hydrophilic cream base, thus leukocyte interferon-alpha in cream may provide an alternative and effective regimen to treat genital warts in males.
Relative effects on serum lipids and apolipoproteins of a caprenin-rich diet compared with diets rich in palm oil/palm-kernel oil or butter.$$$ Two randomized, blind studies measured changes in serum cholesterol, other serum lipids, and apolipoprotein (apo) concentrations in hypercholesterolemic men consuming caprenin (Cap)-rich diets after either baseline diets enriched in palm oil/palm-kernel oil (PO/PKO) or butter. The triglyceride Cap contains 45% 22:0 and 50% 8:0-10:0. Compared with baseline values established at 3 wk on the PO/PKO diet, the 17 subjects on the Cap diet showed significant reductions after 6 wk in HDL cholesterol (HDL-C), HDL2-C, and HDL3-C and a significant increase in the ratio of total cholesterol, LDL-C, triglycerides, apo B-100, or apo A-I were seen. Compared with baseline values established at 3 wk on the butter diet, after 6 wk the seven subjects receiving the Cap diet showed no significant changes in the lipid and apolipoprotein indexes analyzed. These data show that one or more of 8:0, 10:0, and 22:0 fatty acids can contribute to hypercholesterolemia in men.
Pharmacokinetics, biodistribution, and dosimetry of specific and control radiolabeled monoclonal antibodies in patients with primary head and neck squamous cell carcinoma.$$$ The pharmacokinetics, biodistribution, and dosimetry of an IgG1 radiolabeled anti-mucin mAb (HMFG1) and an isotype-matched control (4D513) were studied in 29 patients with primary head and neck squamous cell carcinoma. Patients were given injections at 3 fixed time points prior to surgery, i.e., 24 (n = 12), 48 (n = 9), or 72 (n = 8) h. They were subsequently classified into two groups based on their immunohistochemical positivity for polymorphic epithelial mucin. Fourteen patients (48%) were positive, 5 of which were studied with both antibodies$$$ and 15 patients were negative (52%), 7 of which were studied with both antibodies. There was no significant difference in serum pharmacokinetics and cumulative urinary clearance of the two antibodies. There was no significant difference in overall normal tissue uptake of specific and control antibody$$$ however, when each component of the normal tissue category was analyzed individually, there was a significantly increased uptake of HMFG1 in mucosa as compared to control antibody. Immunohistochemical studies revealed positive staining of mucosa with HMFG1. There was significantly increased uptake of specific antibody in antigen-positive tumors as compared to uptake of control antibody (P < 0.02). A tendency for less label loss over time from positive tumors as compared to control was documented. Absolute antibody uptake and tumor/normal tissue ratios demonstrated significant overlap in individual patients from each category depending on the specific ratio (e.g., tumor/adipose tissue) or time point studied$$$ hence arbitrary cutoff values could not be recommended as indicators of specific uptake. Specificity and localization indices were the most reproducible indicators of specific localization. Areas under the curve were calculated for all tissues, and local dosimetry for the two beta-emitting isotopes 131I and 90Y is presented. The Deq values for antigen-positive tumors were 2.9 cGy/mCi for 131I and 9.0 cGy/mCi injected for 90Y. For antigen-negative tumors these values were significantly lower at 0.83 and 2.4 cGy/mCi of 131I and 90Y, respectively. Bone marrow Deq was calculated to be 0.87 cGy/mCi of 131I-HMFG1 injected. Because the purpose of our ongoing research is to assess the therapeutic potential of the combination of radiolabeled antibody and external radiotherapy, detailed dose calculation to local dose-limiting tissues is required. Deq to mucosa was calculated to be 1.1 and 3.8 cGy/mCi of injected 131I and 90Y, respectively. We conclude that a 9-10-Gy dose increment may be achieved in two administrations of 150 mCi of 131I-HMFG1 during a course of external radiotherapy. This may lead to improved control of local disease in patients with head and neck cancer.
Effects of low-fat milk and fermented low-fat milk on cholesterol absorption and excretion in ileostomy subjects.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To study small bowel cholesterol absorption and sterol excretion in order to explain possible serum cholesterol-lowering mechanisms of low-fat milk products., DESIGN: Two 24-h sterol balance studies with 1 litre of low-fat milk or one litre of fermented milk, in random order, added to a controlled diet. [3H]Cholesterol absorption was measured during each period. The results were compared to those on two 24-h periods with isocaloric amounts of lemonade given to the same basic diet, before and after the study. One litre of the two milk products was also consumed in addition to their normal diets in a cross-over design of 3 weeks and with run-in and run-out periods of 2 weeks each with 1000 ml of lemonade preceding the balance studies:, SETTING: Outpatient clinic, where the subjects were eating their meals during the day and ileostomy bags collected., SUBJECTS: Nine ileostomy subjects, who have earlier participated in similar studies, volunteered for the study. All subjects completed the study., RESULTS: Cholesterol absorption was highest (66%) in the lemonade period, intermediate in the low-fat milk period (61%) and lowest in the fermented low-fat period (55%) (P < 0.05 for differences). Net cholesterol excretion (excretion minus intake) and calculated endogenous cholesterol excretion were significantly (P < 0.05 for differences) higher in the low-fat milk period than in the lemonade period and the fermented low-fat milk period. No significant change in serum cholesterol was, however, seen after 3 weeks on each milk regimen., CONCLUSION: Assimilation of cholesterol by microorganisms could possibly explain the reduced uptake of cholesterol with fermented milk. The mechanism behind the increased endogenous cholesterol excretion, induced by low-fat milk, is unclear.
Effects of diets containing high or low amounts of stearic acid on plasma lipoprotein fractions and fecal fatty acid excretion of men.$$$ Ten middle-aged males participated in a crossover study to determine the cholesterolemic effect of high amounts of stearic acid in a natural diet. They consumed a 20-d stabilization diet followed by two 40-d intervention diets containing either 1.5% of energy as stearic (18:0) acid and 7.3% of energy as palmitic (16:0) acid (low stearate: LS) or 2.4% of energy as 16:0 and 7.3% of energy as 18:0 (high stearate: HS). The experimental diets also contained approximately 10% of energy each as saturated and monounsaturated fatty acids and 7.2-8% of energy as polyunsaturated fatty acids. The primary source of 18:0 in the HS diet was sheanut oil (commercially referred to as shea butter) and palm oil and butter in the LS diet. Plasma total, low-density-lipoprotein, and high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol were significantly lower with the HS than with the LS diet. Total fecal fatty acid excretion was higher throughout the HS period. Apparent digestibility of the major dietary fatty acids showed that all of the selected fatty acids, except 18:0, were > or = 95% absorbed. These data demonstrate that feeding diets containing about two times the usual amount of stearic acid consumed in the United States, contributed to an increase in plasma lipoprotein concentrations at 40 d from an earlier decrease at 20 d. The time required to achieve stable cholesterol concentrations appears to vary depending on the kind of saturated fatty acids present in the diet.
Effects of active addition of bacterial cultures in fermented milk to patients with chronic bowel discomfort following irradiation.$$$ Radiotherapy is a cornerstone in the treatment of malignancies in the pelvis. Consequently, there is usually exposure of the intestine and especially the lower colon and rectum, with ensuing disturbances in bowel habits at different times following radiotherapy. The main problem is diarrhoea associated with lactose intolerance, bile salt absorption and fat malabsorption. Bacterial contamination has also been described. In the present study we have evaluated the influence of the active administration of specific bacterial cultures in fermented milk, which inhibit the growth of potentially pathogenic micro-organisms, to 40 consecutive patients with chronic alteration in their bowel habits caused by previous radiotherapy of pelvic malignancies. The results suggest that intake of fermented milk products could be of value in decreasing chronic bowel discomfort following radiotherapy of pelvic malignancies. However, a more extensive study is warranted in order to very the significance of the results and to find the optimal product.
Effects of partially hydrogenated fish oil, partially hydrogenated soybean oil, and butter on serum lipoproteins and Lp[a] in men.$$$ We have compared the effects of partially hydrogenated fish oil (PHFO-diet), partially hydrogenated soybean oil (PHSO-diet), and butterfat (butter-diet) on serum lipids and lipoprotein[a] in 31 young men. The three test margarines, which contributed 78% of total fat in the diets, were produced from 70% of butterfat, PHSO, or PHFO, each with 30% of soybean oil. Fat provided about 35% of energy, and trans fatty acids 0.9%, 8.5%, and 8.0% of energy in the butter-, the PHSO-, and the PHFO-diet, respectively. Dietary cholesterol was balanced by the addition of dried egg powder to the PHSO- and the butter-diet$$$ thus all diets contained 420 mg dietary cholesterol per 10 MJ per day. The subjects consumed all three test diets for 19-21 days in a random order (crossover design). The serum levels of total and LDL-cholesterol were significantly elevated on the PHFO-diet (mean values 5.42 and 3.94 mmol/L, respectively) compared to the PHSO-diet (5.11 and 3.58 mmol/L, respectively) but not different from those on the butter-diet (5.32 and 3.81 mmol/L, respectively). LDL-cholesterol was significantly reduced on the PHSO-diet compared to the butter-diet. The level of HDL-cholesterol was significantly lower on the PHFO-diet (0.98 mmol/L) when compared to the butter-diet (1.05 mmol/L) and with border-line significance compared to the PHSO-diet (1.05 mmol/L). The ratio of LDL- to HDL-cholesterol was significantly higher on the PHFO-diet (4.20) when compared to both other test diets (3.85 and 3.65, respectively). No significant differences in triglyceride values were observed. Lp[a] increased and apoA-I decreased significantly after consumption of both the PHSO-diet and the PHFO-diet, compared to the butter-diet. In conclusion, our results indicate that consumption of PHFO may unfavorably affect lipid risk indicators for coronary heart disease at least to the same extent as butterfat. To what extent the observed effects are due to the content of monoene trans, diene trans, or to the long chain saturated fatty acids in PHFO remains to be elucidated.
Hypocholesterolaemic effect of a new fermented milk product in healthy middle-aged men.$$$ OBJECTIVE: There are still controversies as to the potential beneficial effects of milk and fermented milk products on the level of lipoproteins. The objective of the present investigation was to test the effect of a moderate daily intake of a new fermented milk product, which was based on a bacterial culture obtained from the intestinal flora of inhabitants of Abkhasia, on the lipoprotein levels of a homogeneous group of middle-aged Danish men., DESIGN: The study was randomised, double-blind, and placebo-controlled, and the intervention was performed for a period of 6 weeks., SUBJECTS: Fifty-eight healthy, non-obese, normocholesterolaemic, male volunteers born in 1949 of Danish descent participated (i.e. all were 44 years old)., INTERVENTIONS: During the intervention period the subjects' habitual diets were supplemented with 200 ml/day of either the new fermented milk product or a placebo product (chemically fermented). The biologically fermented milk product contained Enterococcus faecium and two strains of Streptococcus termophilus. Fasting blood samples were drawn initially and after 3 and 6 weeks and analysed for plasma values of total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol and triglyceride. In addition, LDL-cholesterol was estimated., RESULTS: After these 6 weeks total cholesterol was reduced significantly in the group given biologically fermented milk (-0.37 mmol/l, confidence interval: -0.51 to -0.23) while no changes were observed in the placebo group (-0.02 mmol/l) (P < 0.01). This reduction in total cholesterol could be completely ascribed to a fall in LDL-cholesterol by 10% (i.e. -0.42 mmol/l) since HDL-cholesterol and triglyceride were unchanged in both groups., CONCLUSIONS: Thus, this short-term study (6 weeks) demonstrated an LDL-cholesterol-lowering effect (10% reduction) of a new fermented milk product in middle-aged Danish men.
Effect on plasma lipids of interesterifying a mix of edible oils.$$$ The aim was to establish whether interesterification of oils, an alternative to the use of trans fatty acids in margarine manufacture, adversely affects plasma lipids. Twenty-seven hypercholesterolemic men participated in a double-blind, crossover trial of three margarines: 1) high-linoleic acid, moderate trans fatty acids$$$ 2) high-palm oil blend (predominantly lauric, myristic, palmitic, oleic, and linoleic acids)$$$ and 3) an interesterified form of the high-palm oil margarine. Both high-palm oil margarines led to similar low-density-lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol concentrations (4.43 +/- 0.94 and 4.54 +/- 0.88 mmol/L, respectively), which were significantly higher than the LDL concentrations after the high-linoleic acid margarine (4.02 +/- 0.85 mmol/L, P < 0.001). Interesterification transferred substantial proportions of palmitic acid into the sn-2 position of glycerides and unsaturated fatty acids into the sn-1,3 positions, and this was reflected in plasma chylomicrons. This study shows that interesterification of oils used to harden margarines does not raise plasma cholesterol more than does the margarine's constituent fatty acids.
Reduction of serum cholesterol with sitostanol-ester margarine in a mildly hypercholesterolemic population.$$$ BACKGROUND: Dietary plant sterols, especially sitostanol, reduce serum cholesterol by inhibiting cholesterol absorption. Soluble sitostanol may be more effective than a less soluble preparation. We tested the tolerability and cholesterol-lowering effect of margarine containing sitostanol ester in a population with mild hypercholesterolemia., METHODS: We conducted a one-year, randomized, double-blind study in 153 randomly selected subjects with mild hypercholesterolemia. Fifty-one consumed margarine without sitostanol ester (the control group), and 102 consumed margarine containing sitostanol ester (1.8 or 2.6 g of sitostanol per day)., RESULTS: The margarine containing sitostanol ester was well tolerated. The mean one-year reduction in serum cholesterol was 10.2 percent in the sitostanol group, as compared with an increase of 0.1 percent in the control group. The difference in the change in serum cholesterol concentration between the two groups was -24 mg per deciliter (95 percent confidence interval, -17 to -32$$$ P < 0.001). The respective reductions in low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol were 14.1 percent in the sitostanol group and 1.1 percent in the control group. The difference in the change in LDL cholesterol concentration between the two groups was -21 mg per deciliter (95 percent confidence interval, -14 to -29$$$ P < 0.001). Neither serum triglyceride nor high-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations were affected by sitostanol. Serum campesterol, a dietary plant sterol whose levels reflect cholesterol absorption, was decreased by 36 percent in the sitostanol group, and the reduction was directly correlated with the reduction in total cholesterol (r = 0.57, P < 0.001)., CONCLUSIONS: Substituting sitostanol-ester margarine for part of the daily fat intake in subjects with mild hypercholesterolemia was effective in lowering serum total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol.
Postprandial changes in platelet function and coagulation factors after high-fat meals with different fatty acid compositions.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To compare the postprandial effects of three oils differing in their fatty acid composition on platelet aggregation and coagulation. The oils studied were low-erucic acid rapeseed oil (RO, oleic acid 54% of fatty acids), sunflower oil (SO, linoleic acid 64% of fatty acids) and butter oil (BO, saturated fatty acids 62% of fatty acids)., DESIGN: The postprandial effects of three fat-loads were followed for 5 h., SETTING: Division of Nutrition, University of Helsinki., SUBJECTS: Twelve healthy female subjects (aged 23-38 years) were recruited among university students and employees., INTERVENTIONS: Postprandial lipaemia was induced by high-fat meals containing fat (RO, SO or BO) 1 g/kg of body weight, skim-milk powder, sugar, strawberries, and water. Each subject ingested each meal in three separate mornings after an overnight fast. The order of the meals was randomised. Blood samples were taken before and 1, 2.5, and 5 h after the test meal., RESULTS: All three test meals similarly affected platelet aggregation in platelet-rich plasma. Aggregation induced by collagen (0.6, 1 and 2.5 micrograms/ml) decreased during the 5-h period after the meals (P = 0.000). ADP-induced aggregation did not change during the follow-up period after any meal (P = 0.105-0.483). All fat loads increased factor VII coagulant activity (F VII:C) (P = 0.000), but in plasma fibrinogen concentration (P = 0.155) or antithrombin III activity (P = 0.278) no postprandial changes were found., CONCLUSIONS: These results show that high-fat meals have acute effects on platelet function and F VII:C in healthy women and that these effects are not mediated through the fatty acid composition of the meals.
The influence of dairy products on plasma uric acid in women.$$$ Elevated levels of plasma uric acid have been linked to increased risk of cardiovascular diseases and their complications. As dairy proteins have been found to decrease plasma uric acid without increasing glomerular filtration rate, a sample of postmenopausal women living in Montreal was studied to investigate the nature of this relationship. Participants (158 Roman Catholic nuns) were randomly assigned to one of two test diets for a period of four weeks: the dairy foods group (n = 81) consumed approximately 30 grams of dairy protein daily and the dairy-free diet group (n = 77) ate no dairy foods at all. Subjects completed two one-day food records, a core questionnaire and a dairy foods diet history$$$ blood specimens were obtained, and blood pressure, height and weight were measured. Average nutrient intakes differed as a consequence of the test diets, with significantly greater intakes of protein, fat, saturated fat, monounsaturated fat, potassium and calcium (p < 0.01) in the dairy group after the study period, and lower dietary levels of protein, cholesterol, calcium and retinol (p < 0.01) in the dairy-free group. Plasma uric acid was unchanged after the dietary intervention in the dairy group, but increased by 7.8 mumol/l (p = 0.03) in subjects on the dairy-free diet$$$ however, diastolic blood pressure decreased in response to calcium (beta = -22.9, SE = 10.0, p = 0.02) among those whose diet included dairy foods.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Skin protection by sucralfate cream during electron beam therapy.$$$ Acute skin reactions, such as erythema and moist desquamation, constitute major problems during radiotherapy of superficially located tumours. There are no drugs available for the skin care. Sucralfate, a widely used anti-ulcer drug, has anti-inflammatory properties, and it activates cell proliferation. Based on these data and our previous experience of sucralfate cream on the aging skin we performed a double-blind randomized study to compare the efficacy of sucralfate cream to a base cream in 50 breast cancer patients receiving postoperative electron beam therapy to their chest wall. The acute radiation reaction of the skin was statistically significantly prevented by the sucralfate cream. The recovery of the skin was also significantly faster in the sucralfate cream group. Side-effects due to the cream were rare.
Cholesterol-lowering and blood pressure effects of immune milk.$$$ The plasma cholesterol-lowering and blood pressure effects of a skim milk powder (immune milk) produced from dairy cows hyperimmunized with a multivalent bacterial vaccine were assessed in a double-blind crossover study of hypercholesterolemic subjects who consumed daily 90 g immune milk or a normal product. There was a significant reduction in plasma total and LDL cholesterol of 5.2% (95% CI 2.5, 7.9) and 7.4% (95% CI 4.1, 10.7), respectively, with 10 wk of immune milk consumption compared with control, but no change in HDL cholesterol or triglycerides. A significant systolic and diastolic blood pressure-lowering effect (5 and 4 mm Hg, respectively) was also demonstrated. Thus, immune milk may be a useful adjunct in the dietary management of hypercholesterolemia and the mechanisms of its cholesterol-lowering and blood pressure effects warrant further study.
Trial of a topically administered local anesthetic (EMLA cream) for pain relief during central venous port accesses in children with cancer.$$$ Procedure-related pain is a significant problem for many children receiving cytotoxic chemotherapy. In an effort to lessen this toxicity, we studied the efficacy and safety of administering topical local anesthesia using EMLA cream in 47 evaluable children with cancer undergoing implanted central venous port injections. Children (< 21 years old) scheduled to undergo repeated venous access procedures were selected for study. A placebo-controlled, randomized, double-blind, crossover study design was utilized. Statistically significant decreases in pain intensity scores (P < 0.002) were recorded by both children and investigators during the use of EMLA cream as compared with placebo. There was a good correlation between pain scores recorded by both patients and health care providers using both visual analog scales and categorized pain measurement tools. The topical application of EMLA cream 5% provides highly effective superficial anesthesia, and promises to be extremely useful for pain relief during percutaneous access procedures in cancer patients.
Dietary habits and colorectal cancer in a low-risk area. Results from a population-based case-control study in southern Italy.$$$ Many epidemiological studies have focused on the relationships between diet and colorectal cancer, but only a few have been conducted in the Mediterranean area. A population-based case-control study was carried out from July 1987 to June 1989 in a low-risk area in Southern Italy. By means of an "ad hoc" tumor registry, 132 diagnosed colorectal cancers were detected during the two years of study. One hundred nineteen of these 132 colorectal cancer cases were interviewed about their personal dietary habits with use of a questionnaire concerning the frequency of consumption of 70 foods or beverages. An equal number of controls was randomly selected from the lists of general practitioners of the area during the same period and interviewed with the same food frequency questionnaire. In a multivariate analysis, the relative risks (RRs) of developing colorectal cancer were estimated according to the different levels of consumption of food groups and selected food items. All RRs were adjusted for age, sex, education, smoking status, and modifications in diet in the previous 10 years. The risk of colorectal cancer increased nearly threefold for the highest level of consumption of foods with a high content of refined sugar [RR = 2.75, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.26-5.97] and for the consumption of wine (> 1 l/day) (RR = 3.22, 95% CI 1.05-9.88). An inverse relationship was revealed for the highest consumption of raw and cooked vegetables (RR = 0.51, 95% CI 0.25-1.04) and diary products (RR = 0.46, 95% CI 0.22-0.98) and for the consumption of more than two cups of coffee per day (RR = 0.38, 95% CI 0.16-0.89). In this Mediterranean area, the main source of calories, cereals, did not show a significant relationship with colorectal cancer. These findings support the hypothesis that the local Mediterranean dietary pattern could explain the low risk of colorectal cancer.
Exposure to breastmilk in infancy and the risk of breast cancer.$$$ Early childhood nutrition may affect the subsequent risk of breast cancer in adulthood. We examined the association of having been breastfed with risk of breast cancer in a case-control study of women age 40-85 years in western New York. Cases (N = 528) had newly diagnosed primary, pathologically confirmed breast cancer$$$ controls (N = 602) were randomly selected from the same community and were frequency matched on age. Having been breastfed was associated with decreased risk. The multivariate adjusted odds ratio was 0.74, and the 95% confidence interval was 0.56-0.99. We found little difference in the association for pre- and postmenopausal women despite a much higher frequency of breastfeeding among the older women. These findings indicate that early nutriture in general and bottle feeding in particular may relate to breast cancer development in adulthood.
Naughty but nice: a laboratory study of health information and food preferences in a community sample.$$$ The influence of information about the fat content of food and cardiovascular disease (CVD) prevention on taste ratings and food intake in a test meal was examined. Forty Ss were allocated at random to CVD information or control conditions. Ss rated 2 brands of yogurt and 2 cheese sandwiches, with 1 flavor of each food labeled full-fat and the other low-fat. In fact, fat levels were identical, and the label-flavor pairings were counterbalanced. Overall, Ss gave lower liking ratings to the low-fat labeled foods. However, Ss in the information condition tended to eat a smaller proportion of the full-fat sandwiches. The results supported the utility of a laboratory setting for evaluating the influence of health-relevant information on responses to food.
Enamel rehardening with cheese in irradiated patients.$$$ Radiotherapy of head and neck malignancies results in severe xerostomia which induces radiation caries. Hard cheese has potent anti-cariogenic effects, even with minimal salivary gland function. Eight patients irradiated for neck cancer volunteered for this study. The saliva flow rate varied between 0.0-0.15 ml/minute. In vitro etched enamel slabs, prepared from human teeth, were exposed intraorally to parafilm stimulated salivary secretion for 5 minutes or, alternatively, to cheese compounds and saliva due to masticating 20 gm hard cheese for 5 minutes. Microhardness measurements were carried out on the enamel surface at start (baseline), after etching and after rehardening. Stimulated saliva or cheese compounds and saliva, due to mastication, induced rehardening of surface enamel in both, non-irradiated and irradiated subjects. The rehardening was significantly increased in the irradiated group consuming cheese as compared to rehardening by stimulated saliva only and not significantly less of that achieved in non-irradiated subjects. Rehardening achieved with stimulated saliva in irradiated patients was of a borderline-significant lower degree in comparison to non-irradiated subjects. The reduced rehardening capacity of a decreased saliva flow in irradiated patients may be complemented by cheese compounds. For xerostomic patients, hard cheese consumption may be regarded as effective to keep initial caries under control.
Serum cholesterol and cholesterol and lipoprotein metabolism in hypercholesterolaemic NIDDM patients before and during sitostanol ester-margarine treatment.$$$ Cholesterol absorption and metabolism and LDL and HDL kinetics were investigated in 11 hypercholesterolaemic non-insulin-dependent diabetic men off and on a hypolipidaemic treatment with sitostanol ester, (3 g sitostanol daily) dissolved in rapeseed oil margarine, by a double-blind crossover study design. Serum total, VLDL and LDL cholesterol and apoprotein B fell significantly by 6 +/- 2, 12 +/- 6, 9 +/- 3 and 6 +/- 2%, mean +/- SEM, and HDL cholesterol was increased by 11 +/- 4% (p < 0.05) by sitostanol ester. LDL cholesterol and apoprotein B were significantly decreased in the dense (1.037-1.055 g/ml), but not light, LDL subfraction due to a significantly diminished transport rate for LDL apoprotein B, while the fractional catabolic rate was unchanged. HDL kinetics, measured with autologous apoprotein A I, was unaffected by sitostanol ester. Cholesterol absorption efficiency was markedly reduced from 25 +/- 2 to 9 +/- 2% (p < 0.001) during sitostanol ester followed by proportionately decreased serum plant sterol proportions. Cholesterol precursor sterol proportions in serum, fecal neutral sterol excretion, and cholesterol synthesis, cholesterol transport, and biliary secretion were all significantly increased by sitostanol ester. We conclude that the sitostanol ester-induced decrease in cholesterol absorption compensatorily stimulated cholesterol synthesis, had no effect on fractional catabolic rate, but decreased transport rate for LDL apoprotein B so that serum total, VLDL and LDL cholesterol levels were decreased.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Weight loss and dietary intake after vertical banded gastroplasty and Roux-en-Y gastric bypass.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to learn whether preoperative eating habits can be used to predict outcome after vertical banded gastroplasty (VBG) and Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (RYGB). BACKGROUND SUMMARY: Several independent randomized and sequential studies have reported significantly greater weight loss after RYGB in comparison with VBG. Although the mechanism responsible for weight loss after both procedures is restriction of intake rather than malabsorption, the relationships between calorie intake, food preferences, and postoperative weight loss are not well defined., METHODS: During the past 5 years, 138 patients were prospectively selected for either VBG or RYGB, based on their preoperative eating habits. All patients were screened by a dietitian who determined total calorie intake and diet composition before recommending VBG or RYGB. Thirty patients were selected for VBG$$$ the remaining 108 patients were classified as "sweets eaters" or "snackers" and had RYGB. Detailed recall diet histories also were performed at each postoperative visit., RESULTS: Early morbidity rate was zero after VBG versus 3% after RYGB. There were no deaths. Mean follow-up was 39 +/- 11 months after VBG and 38 +/- 14 months after RYGB. Mean weight loss peaked at 74 +/- 23 lb at 12 months after VBG and 99 +/- 24 lb at 16 months after RYGB (p  or = 50% of their excess weight versus 100 of 108 RYGB patients (p < or = 0.0001). Milk/ice cream intake was significantly greater postoperatively in patients who underwent VBG versus patients who underwent RYGB after 6 months (p < or = 0.003), whereas solid sweets intake was significantly greater after VBG during the first 18 months postoperatively (p < or = 0.004). Revision of VBG was performed in 6 of 30 patients (20%) for complications or poor weight loss, whereas only 2 of 108 patients who underwent RYGB required surgical revisions (p < or = 0.001)., CONCLUSIONS: These data show that VBG adversely alters postoperative eating behavior toward soft, high-calorie foods, resulting in problematic postoperative weight loss. Conversely, RYGB patients had significantly greater weight loss despite inferior preoperative eating habits. The high rate of surgical revision in conjunction with inconsistent postoperative weight loss has led us to no longer recommend VBG as treatment for morbid obesity.
Effects of a milk chocolate bar per day substituted for a high-carbohydrate snack in young men on an NCEP/AHA Step 1 Diet.$$$ This study compares the plasma cholesterol response with the isoenergetic substitution of a milk chocolate bar (46 g) given daily for a high-carbohydrate snack in healthy young men on a Step 1 Diet. Normocholesterolemic men (n = 42) were fed a Step 1 Diet for 21 d (run-in diet) followed by a 27-d experimental period during which they consumed the same diet plus either a milk chocolate bar or a high-carbohydrate snack$$$ after this they consumed the run-in diet for 21 d followed by the other snack for 27 d. When subjects consumed a milk chocolate bar instead of the high-carbohydrate snack, high-density-lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol was 0.08 +/- 0.03 mmol/L higher (P < 0.01) and plasma triglycerides were 0.06 +/- 0.03 mmol/L lower (P < 0.05). Substitution of a milk chocolate bar for a high-carbohydrate snack did not adversely affect the low-density-lipoprotein-(LDL) cholesterol response to a Step 1 Diet despite an increase in total fat and saturated fatty acid content of the diet. This response may be due to stearic acid.
Chocolate feeding studies: a novel approach for evaluating the plasma lipid effects of stearic acid.$$$ Milk chocolate does not adversely affect plasma lipids and lipoproteins despite its relatively high content of saturated fatty acids (SFAs). Evidence from well-controlled feeding studies indicates that this unique response is due to the high proportion of stearic acid in milk chocolate. In experimental diets containing very high amounts (eg, 280 g/d, or 10 oz/d) and more typical amounts (46.2 g, or 1.65 oz) of milk chocolate, plasma total- and low-density-lipoprotein-cholesterol concentrations are not elevated. Furthermore, isoenergetic substitution of one milk chocolate bar per day for a high-carbohydrate snack in a National Cholesterol Education Program/American Heart Association Step 1 Diet does not adversely affect the cholesterol-lowering response. These findings indicate that stearic acid is not hypercholesterolemic as are the other long-chain SFAs. Thus, as illustrated by the different results generated from the predictive equations that group all long-chain SFAs vs those that consider stearic acid separately, grouping stearic acid with other SFAs appears to misrepresent the actual blood cholesterol response.
The effects of aspartame versus sucrose on motivational ratings, taste preferences, and energy intakes in obese and lean women.$$$ This study examined the effects of four breakfast preloads of different sweetness and energy content on motivational ratings, taste preferences, and energy intakes of 12 obese and 12 lean women. The preloads consisted of creamy white cheese (fromage blanc) and were either plain, sweetened with sucrose or aspartame, or sweetened with aspartame and supplemented with maltodextrin. Their energy content was either 300 kcal (1,255 kJ) or 700 kcal (2,929 kJ). Motivational ratings of hunger and the desire to eat were obtained prior to and at 30 min intervals after breakfast. Taste preferences were measured prior to and 150 min after breakfast. The subjects ate buffet-style lunch, snack, and dinner meals in the laboratory. Obese women consumed significantly more energy at meals (2,596 kcal or 10,862 kJ) than did lean women (1,484 kcal or 6,209 kJ)$$$ derived a greater proportion of energy from fat (39.9% vs. 35.5%), and had lower dietary carbohydrate-to-fat ratios. Consumption of low-energy as opposed to high-energy breakfast preloads was associated with elevated motivational ratings by noon. However, energy intakes at lunch, snack, or dinner did not vary as a function of preload type, and no compensation was observed for the energy consumed at breakfast. Taste preferences were not affected by preload ingestion or by preload type. The study provided no evidence that aspartame promotes hunger or results in increased energy intakes in obese or in lean women.
Dietary intake patterns and sociodemographic factors in the atherosclerosis risk in communities study. ARIC Study Investigators.$$$ BACKGROUND: Comprehensive and up-to-date data on differences in dietary intake according to various sociodemographic factors are needed to understand the potential impact of dietary factors on disease risks in the United States., METHODS: Usual dietary intake assessed by a food frequency questionnaire was examined in relation to race, sex, and educational attainment using baseline data obtained from randomly selected samples of 15,800 middle-aged black and white men and women who participated in the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities Study., RESULTS: In almost all comparisons, higher educational attainment was associated with recommended dietary intake patterns--lower per energy intakes of meats, eggs, chicken with skin, and whole milk and higher intakes of fruits, vegetables, fish, chicken without skin, and low-fat milk. As expected from these food intake patterns, higher educational attainment was associated with lower intakes of saturated fatty acid and cholesterol and with higher intakes of dietary fiber and various micronutrients. Compared with women's diets, men's diets were slightly more atherogenic (in whites only) based upon Keys score and had lower micronutrient levels. Although there were large differences in the food intakes between blacks and whites, the differences in nutrient intakes were generally smaller. However, intakes of cholesterol and vitamin A were somewhat higher and intakes of saturated fatty acid, calcium, and potassium were lower among blacks than in whites., CONCLUSIONS: This community-based study clearly demonstrated that regardless of race and sex, high educational attainment is associated with recommended dietary intake patterns. Continuing efforts to improve general educational level and to promote healthy dietary habits among those with low socioeconomic status are warranted.
Dietary lactose intake, lactose intolerance, and the risk of epithelial ovarian cancer in southern Ontario (Canada).$$$ A case-control study of dietary factors and cancer of the ovary was conducted during 1989-92 in metropolitan Toronto and surrounding areas of southern Ontario, Canada. Four hundred and fifty women aged 35-79 years, with newly diagnosed, histologically verified, primary epithelial ovarian-cancer were interviewed concerning reproduction and diet. Over the same period, 564 randomly-selected population controls, frequency-matched to the cases within three 15-year age groups, also were interviewed. From information obtained by quantitative diet history, average daily macro- and micronutrient intake values were calculated through use of the United States Department of Agriculture Food Composition Databank, which was extended and modified for Canadian items and recipes. Analysis was performed with continuous, unconditional logistic-regression methods, adjusting for age at interview, number of full-term pregnancies, total duration of oral contraceptive use, and total daily caloric intake. Neither reported history of lactose intolerance, nor average daily consumption of lactose or free galactose, were found to be associated with risk of ovarian cancer. Lactose intake or intolerance did not appear to modify the protective effects of parity and oral contraceptive use. Nevertheless, other studies suggest that ovarian galactose metabolism still may have a relationship with risk of ovarian cancer, though more evidence is needed.
Food-group consumption and colon cancer in the Adelaide Case-Control Study. II. Meat, poultry, seafood, dairy foods and eggs.$$$ We conducted a case-control study in Australia, comparing 220 persons with histologically confirmed incident adenocarcinoma of the colon with 438 age- and gender-matched controls. Cases were identified via the South Australian Cancer Registry (1979-80)$$$ controls were randomly selected from the electoral roll. All participants completed a 141-item food-frequency questionnaire and were interviewed regarding demographic and other information. Consumption of 8 groups of foods from animal sources was investigated. Odds ratios (OR) for quartiles of consumption were obtained using conditional logistic regression. All analyses were conducted separately for females and males. The most striking finding was a positive association for egg consumption in females, with an unadjusted OR of 2.4 (1.1-5.3) for consumption in the uppermost quartile. The uppermost septile of egg consumption was associated with an unadjusted OR of 6.3 (1.5-26.1) and a dose-response pattern was suggested. Intakes of red meat, liver, seafood, and dairy foods were also weakly positively associated with risk in females. In males, intakes of red meat and poultry were weakly positively associated with risk with unadjusted ORs of 1.5 (0.8-2.8) and 1.4 (0.7-2.6) respectively. The ratio of intake of red meat to poultry and seafood was also positively associated with risk in males, with an unadjusted OR of 1.4 (0.8-2.6). Interpretation of analyses stratified by colon cancer subsite was limited by the low number of subjects in each sub-site stratum, yet the results were somewhat supportive of a stronger risk associated with animal foods in the proximal than in the distal colon. The results for egg consumption suggest a role for cholesterol in the etiology of colon cancer, particularly in proximal cancer for females. Results for vegetable and fruit consumption are presented in a companion report.
The role of fatty acid saturation on plasma lipids, lipoproteins, and apolipoproteins: I. Effects of whole food diets high in cocoa butter, olive oil, soybean oil, dairy butter, and milk chocolate on the plasma lipids of young men.$$$ The present studies were conducted to evaluate the cholesterolemic effects of whole-food diets high in stearic acid. In study no. 1, normocholesterolemic young men were fed diets high in stearic acid provided by cocoa butter (CB)$$$ oleic acid provided by olive oil (OO)$$$ linoleic acid provided by soybean oil (SO)$$$ and myristic acid (and lauric acid) provided by dairy butter (B). In study no. 2, different subjects with similar baseline characteristics were fed diets high in stearic acid provided by milk chocolate (C), CB, CB+B (4:1, MIX), and myristic (and lauric) acid provided by B. Both studies used a randomized, crossover, double-blind experimental design, and experimental subjects (n = 18 for study no. 1 and n = 15 for study no. 2) in each study consumed every diet for 26 days with a 1-month wash-out period between each experimental period. The diets provided 37% of calories from fat, of which 81% was provided by the test fat. Ten ounces (280 g) C was provided daily by the C diet. In study no. 1, the B diet was hypercholesterolemic, whereas the SO diet was hypocholesterolemic, compared with the other diets. The OO and SO diets were hypocholesterolemic compared with the CB diet. Low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol levels, in general, paralleled the changes in plasma total cholesterol levels. SO significantly decreased apolipoprotein (apo) B levels compared with the other diets. Plasma very-low density lipoprotein (VLDL) cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, and apo A-I levels were unaffected by the experimental diets.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Safety and efficacy of a topical anesthetic for neonatal circumcision.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Circumcision is a common neonatal surgical procedure routinely performed without the use of anesthesia. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the safety and efficacy of topical lidocaine cream as an anesthetic for circumcision., METHODS: Thirty newborns were studied in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study$$$ 15 received a topical 30% lidocaine cream and 15 received the cream base alone. Vital signs were recorded, and preoperative and postoperative serum beta-endorphin and lidocaine concentrations were measured. A videotape of the newborn was used to score behavioral changes., RESULTS: Comparisons of the vital signs precircumcision and postcircumcision showed no differences between the placebo and treatment groups, with the exception of mean systolic blood pressure, which significantly increased in the placebo-treated newborns (P < .05). Serum beta-endorphin concentrations increased postoperatively in 11 of 15 subjects receiving placebo, but decreased or remained unchanged in 10 of 15 subjects receiving lidocaine (P = .03, Fisher's exact test). When stress-related behaviors in the precircumcision and post-circumcision periods were compared, the mean increase in their occurrence was greater in the placebo than in the treatment group. There was no significant absorption of lidocaine as measured in the serum., CONCLUSION: Topical application of a 30% lidocaine cream as used in this study may be a safe and efficacious anesthetic for circumcision.
Ambulatory blood pressure and heart rate responses to vegetarian meals.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To determine the effects of a vegetarian diet on daytime ambulatory (Accutracker) blood pressures and heart rates, and to relate these to the estimated peak in plasma glucose to determine whether low-glycaemic-index diets reduce sympathetic activity in response to differences in postprandial glucose and insulin., DESIGN: The subjects were matched for age and body mass index and randomly assigned to one of two parallel diet groups., SETTING: Clinical., PARTICIPANTS: Twenty-one normotensive non-vegetarian male hospital workers volunteered for the study and 20 completed it., INTERVENTION: After 2 weeks of baseline measurement the subjects followed an omnivorous or a lacto-ovovegetarian diet for 6 weeks., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Daytime ambulatory blood pressures and heart rate, and postbreakfast catecholamines, insulin and glucose., RESULTS: Ambulatory systolic blood pressure and heart rates were lower in the vegetarian group during the working day. The preprandial rise in diastolic pressure was attenuated on the vegetarian diet. There were no differences in plasma catecholamine, glucose or insulin levels sampled after breakfast on the two dietary regimes., CONCLUSIONS: The blood pressure-lowering effect of a lacto-ovovegetarian diet, which occurs throughout the working day, is associated with lower heart rates, suggesting a central nervous or cardiac mechanism. The possibility that the lower glycaemic index of a lacto-ovovegetarian diet has some effect needs to be investigated further in relation to major meal-times and studied in both normotensive and hypertensive subjects.
Reduction of solar keratoses by regular sunscreen use.$$$ BACKGROUND: The incidence of and mortality from skin cancer are increasing in many countries. In view of the added concern about ozone depletion, many organizations are promoting the regular use of sunscreens to prevent skin cancer, despite the absence of evidence that these products have this effect. Solar (actinic) keratosis is a precursor of squamous-cell carcinoma of the skin., METHODS: We conducted a randomized, controlled trial of the effect on solar keratoses of daily use of a broad-spectrum sunscreen cream with a sun-protection factor of 17 in 588 people 40 years of age or older in Australia during one summer (September 1991 to March 1992). The subjects applied either a sunscreen cream or the base cream minus the active ingredients of the sunscreen to the head, neck, forearms, and hands., RESULTS: The mean number of solar keratoses increased by 1.0 per subject in the base-cream group and decreased by 0.6 in the sunscreen group (difference, 1.53$$$ 95 percent confidence interval, 0.81 to 2.25). The sunscreen group had fewer new lesions (rate ratio, 0.62$$$ 95 percent confidence interval, 0.54 to 0.71) and more remissions (odds ratio, 1.53$$$ 95 percent confidence interval, 1.29 to 1.80) than the base-cream group. There was a dose-response relation: the amount of sunscreen cream used was related to both the development of new lesions and the remission of existing ones., CONCLUSIONS: Regular use of sunscreens prevents the development of solar keratoses and, by implication, possibly reduces the risk of skin cancer in the long-term.
A linoleate-enriched cheese product reduces low-density lipoprotein in moderately hypercholesterolemic adults.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To test the effect of substituting a modified-fat cheese product into the diets of hypercholesterolemic adults., DESIGN: A 4-month, randomized, double-blind, crossover substitution trial., SETTING: General community outpatient study., PARTICIPANTS: Twenty-six healthy adult volunteers (17 men, 9 women) with moderate hypercholesterolemia (total cholesterol > 5.69 mmol/L but < 7.24 mmol/L)., INTERVENTION: Daily substitution of 100 g of cheese, either partial skim-milk mozzarella or modified-fat (vegetable oil) mozzarella cheese product, into participants' normal diets. Participants consumed an assigned cheese for 2 months, at which time they crossed over to consume the other study cheese., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Plasma lipid and apolipoprotein levels were measured at baseline and at 2 and 4 months after initiation of the study. Compliance was assessed by body weight and by biweekly dietary records and interviews., RESULTS: No differences in weight or in the amount or type of calories consumed were found during the study. No statistically significant changes in lipid values resulted from consumption of mozzarella cheese. Modified-fat cheese substitution resulted in a decreased low-density lipoprotein cholesterol level when compared with levels at both baseline (-0.28 mmol/L$$$ 95% Cl, -0.14 to -0.42 mmol/L) and during consumption of the skim-milk mozzarella cheese (-0.38 mmol/L$$$ 95% Cl, -0.2 to -0.70 mmol/L). Findings for total cholesterol were similar. High-density lipoprotein cholesterol, plasma triglyceride, and apolipoprotein A-l and B-100 levels were unaltered. Both sexes responded similarly., CONCLUSIONS: A linoleate-enriched cheese product, in the absence of any other changes in diet or habits, substituted into the normal diets of hypercholesterolemic adults reduced low-density lipoprotein and plasma cholesterol levels.
Topical treatment of penile condylomata acuminata with podophyllotoxin 0.3% solution, 0.3% cream and 0.15% cream. A comparative open study.$$$ The purpose of this comparative open study was to determine the clinical efficacy of 0.3% podophyllotoxin both in 70% ethanolic solution and cream preparations on genital warts. Three parallel trial preparations, 0.3% solution, 0.3% and 0.15% cream, were randomly allocated to 60 circumcised Asian males (mean age 19.5 years), with the diagnosis of genital condyloma. Patients applied the trial preparation twice a day for 3 consecutive days. If total elimination was not achieved with one trial, it was extended to 3 similar cycles, in total of 4 weeks duration. Response was calculated with a response rate formula. After 3 weeks of treatment all the patients in the 0.3% solution group were evaluated as cured, with mild localized erythema and burning sensation. In the 0.3% cream preparation group, 75% of the patients were cured, and the remaining 25% were found to be cured after 4 treatments. In the 0.15% cream preparation group, 70% of the patients were evaluated as completely cured after 4 weeks. Non-objective, moderate to mild localized adverse symptoms were reported by both the active cream groups. Three of 54 patients (90%) with complete cure showed relapses after 16 weeks. It was concluded that 0.3% podophyllotoxin is more efficacious in ethanolic solution than in cream preparations.
Treatment of eczema with a mixture of triamcinolone acetonide and retinoic acid: a double-blind study.$$$ Dermo-epidermal atrophy is one of the main side effects of long-term treatment with topical corticosteroids (TC). Retinoic acid (RA) may prevent and even reverse these effects in animals. It has been previously established that topical RA (TRA) does not inhibit corticosteroid-induced vasoconstriction in humans, thus suggesting that RA, combined with TC, does not interfere with its anti-inflammatory property. The next step was to test this association in patients with inflammatory skin disorders. In this symmetrical double-blind study, triamcinolone acetonide (TA) cream 0.1% and a cream containing TA 0.1% plus RA 0.025% (TARA) were compared in 18 subjects with eczema. No statistical difference between both treatments was observed after 1, 2 and 3 weeks, although on the TARA-treated sides the anti-inflammatory responses were slightly less pronounced. Subjective irritation was significantly more frequent in TARA-treated side (3/17, p = 0.05) but did not lead to interruption of the treatment. This indicates that addition of RA 0.025% to a medium-range potency topical steroid does not abrogate the anti-inflammatory property of the latter and that the association can be tolerated by inflamed skin.
[Cholesterol-lowering effect of a new fermented milk product in healthy 44-year old Danish men].$$$ The potential cholesterol-lowering effect of a new fermented milk product was tested in a homogeneous group of Danish men (all 44-year-old$$$ n = 58) in a randomised, double blinded and placebo-controlled study. Two hundred ml of the fremented milk or placebo (chemically acidified) was taken daily for six weeks. After these six weeks total cholesterol decreased significantly in the fermented milk group by -0.37 mmol/l (confidence interval: -0.51 to -0.23 mmol/l) and no changes were observed in the placebo group (-0.02 mmol/l) (p < 0.01). This decrement in total cholesterol could be completely ascribed to a reduction of LDL-cholesterol by 10% (i.e. -0.42 mmol/l), since HDL-cholesterol and triglyceride were unchanged in both groups during the study. Thus, in the present short term study, the tested fermented milk product was able to reduce LDL-cholesterol in middle-aged men.
The effects of the acute administration of RU 486 on dietary fat preference in fasted lean and obese men.$$$ The effects of RU 486, a potent glucocorticoid antagonist, on dietary fat preference were explored in obese men and lean controls in a double-blind crossover study. An oral 10 mg/kg dose of RU 486 or placebo was administered at midnight the second night of a 48-h hospital stay. Macronutrient and caloric intakes were calculated each day and a taste test of six commercial dairy products (fat content by weight < 0.5%, 2.0%, 3.3%, 10.5%, 18%, and 36%) was performed. Dairy products were judged for pleasantness, creaminess, and overall preference. Subjects were then asked to consume their favorite dairy product until sated. Urinary free cortisol (UFC) and plasma adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH), cortisol, insulin, and glucose were determined. Intake of a self-selected diet was recorded. As expected, in response to RU 486, UFC increased from 120 +/- 25 micrograms/24 h to 297 +/- 73 micrograms/24 h (p < 0.05) in obese men and from 81 +/- 10 micrograms/24 h to 357 +/- 109 micrograms/24 h (p < 0.05) in lean men. Plasma cortisol increased from 26.1 +/- 1.1 microgram/dl to 31.8 +/- 1.0 microgram/dl (p < 0.05) in obese men and from 26.1 +/- 1.7 micrograms/dl to 32.2 +/- 1.7 micrograms/dl (p < 0.05) in lean men. Plasma insulin was significantly higher in obese 24.6 +/- 3.2 microIU/ml than in lean men 12.8 +/- 1.1 microIU/ml (p = 0.0001) but was unaffected by RU 486. RU 486 did not decrease fat intake in either obese or lean men.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Biochemical and neurohormonal responses to the introduction of a lacto-ovovegetarian diet.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess the mechanisms of the blood pressure-lowering effect of a vegetarian diet in the early and later stages of dietary intervention., DESIGN: After 2 weeks without intervention (baseline), 20 normotensive men were matched for age and body mass index and randomly allocated to an omnivorous (control) or a lacto-ovovegetarian diet for 6 weeks in a parallel trial., METHODS: Ambulatory blood pressures were recorded between 0800 and 1700 h on alternate days during the first week of intervention, twice in the second week and weekly thereafter. Blood samples collected after a standard breakfast were analysed for plasma noradrenaline, adrenaline, atrial natriuretic peptide (ANP), renin, aldosterone, glucose and insulin. Factor and multiple regression analyses were used to assess the association among neurohormonal factors, blood pressures and diet. Results were analysed for the first week of the diet and for the entire 6 weeks., RESULTS: Ambulatory blood pressures at work were lower on the vegetarian diet than in the controls. This blood pressure decrease was associated with a factor representing lower plasma catecholamine and renin activity levels throughout the study, and a factor representing reduced plasma glucose and insulin levels in week 1 of intervention only. Plasma ANP levels were significantly higher during week 1 of the vegetarian diet., CONCLUSIONS: A blood pressure lowering effect of a vegetarian diet during normal working activity was shown. Using factors derived from the biochemical variables, results were in keeping with the hypothesis that these effects may be mediated by reduced sympatho-adrenal activity consequent to altered glucose and insulin handling. An early increase in plasma ANP may contribute to the blood pressure reduction.
Improved food intake and reduced nausea and vomiting in patients given a restricted diet while receiving cisplatin chemotherapy.$$$ Administration of cisplatin alone or in combination with other cytotoxic agents commonly produces intractable nausea and vomiting, which is currently controlled through high-dose antiemetic drugs. However, patients often refuse continued therapy because of suboptimal control of nausea and vomiting and substantial decline in nutritional status. In this pilot study, 19 patients receiving cisplatin were evaluated for nausea and vomiting, amount of food intake, and subjective assessment of well-being. The study group received a colorless, odorless, predetermined meal three times daily$$$ the meal included cottage cheese, apple sauce, vanilla ice cream, and other selected foods. Control-group patients selected their own meal. Study-group patients exhibited higher overall food intake, decreased nausea and vomiting, and a higher scored estimation of well-being. The findings of this preliminary study indicate that the study diet helps provide nutrition care to cancer patients receiving cisplatin chemotherapy and helps create an atmosphere where the patient believes he or she has some control in the treatment outcome.
Dietary intervention in breast cancer patients: effects on food choice.$$$ Effects of dietary intervention on food choice were studied in 240 women aged 50-65 years who had been operated for a stage I-II breast cancer. Following surgery, the women participated in a dietary history interview and were then randomized to one of two groups. The intervention group (n = 121) received individual dietary counselling aimed at reducing dietary fat intake to 20-25% energy (E%), whereas no dietary advice was given to women in the control group (n = 119). For the 52% of the women in the intervention group that completed the study the total fat intake decreased from 36 to 23 E% (P less than or equal to 0.01) and from 37 to 34 E% (P less than or equal to 0.01) for the control group. There were significant reductions in the intake of table fat, high-fat milk products, pork and sausages (containing greater than 11% fat), eggs, rice, pasta, cakes and chocolate for the intervention group. Concurrently the intake of vegetables, fruits, potatoes, bread, cereals, low-fat milk products, low-fat meat, sausages and fish increased significantly. For the control group there was a significant decrease in the consumption of total milk products, total meats, rice, pasta, cakes, and butter intake while the consumption of vegetables, fruits, cereals and fish increased (P less than or equal to 0.01). Reduction of high-fat foods and increases of carbohydrate-rich foods were more pronounced for the intervention group than for the control group. Formal education influenced dietary changes, and dietary counselling should therefore ideally be adapted to education level. This study showed that dietary counselling can bring about significant changes in consumption of high-fat foods for at least a 2-year period for women operated for breast cancer.
[Attempt of preventive treatment of striae gravidarum using preventive massage ointment administration].$$$ Striae distensae are an appreciable cosmetic problem for many pregnant women. Preventive application of a water/oil massage cream was tested in a group of 24 gravidae (control group: 26 patients). In the untreated control group striae distensae were observed in two-thirds of the patients, whereas the prophylactically-treated gravidae showed development of striae in only one third of the group given the test preparation. Better results were obtained in women with a favourable constitutional predisposition than in patients with a tendency to overweight. The massage cream was well tolerated by all gravidae.
Comparative studies of gastrointestinal tolerance and acceptability of milk chocolate containing either sucrose, isomalt or sorbitol in healthy consumers and type II diabetics.$$$ The objective was to compare reaction of adult consumers of confectionery to milk chocolate made with either isomalt, sucrose or sorbitol. Test chocolate was eaten by subjects at home during 7 days in amounts chosen by them up to a maximum of 100 g per day. In a double-blind crossover trial isomalt chocolate was associated in healthy consumers (n = 58) with increased motion frequency, wind and flatulence compared with sucrose chocolate. However, the intensity of these gastrointestinal effects was predominantly slight and insufficient to affect acceptability. In separate crossover trials, reactions of Type II diabetic consumers to eating isomalt chocolate (n = 53) or sorbitol chocolate (n = 51) were compared to reactions when eating no chocolate. Both isomalt and sorbitol chocolate were associated with higher incidence of wind and flatulence than for no chocolate, but only sorbitol chocolate increased motion frequency. Again intensity of gastrointestinal effects was slight. It is concluded that isomalt has potential use in both regular and diabetic chocolate.
Modulation of infant formula fat profile alters the low-density lipoprotein/high-density lipoprotein ratio and plasma fatty acid distribution relative to those with breast-feeding.$$$ The effect of breast-feeding was compared with that of two fat-modified milk formulas in 45 infants (15 per group) studied by assessing body weight gain for 4 months and plasma lipids, lipoprotein profiles, fatty acid profiles of plasma and red blood cells, and plasma tocopherol status 3 months after birth. A saturated fat formula with coconut oil/soybean oil (COCO/SOY) had a fatty acid content and polyunsaturated/saturated ratio (P/S, 0.55) comparable with that of human milk fat (P/S, 0.39) and had the same fat energy content (50% kcal). The second formula, with corn oil/soybean oil (CORN/SOY), was highly unsaturated (P/S, 4.6), with only 35% kcal from fat. Energy intake and body weight gain were similar for all groups. Plasma total cholesterol, triglyceride, and phospholipid levels were significantly lower (greater than 20% on average) in infants fed the CORN/SOY formula than in infants fed either the COCO/SOY formula or human milk. Infants fed the CORN/SOY formula also had lower (25% to 35%) plasma low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and apolipoprotein B levels and low-density lipoprotein/high-density lipoprotein and apolipoprotein B/apolipoprotein A-I ratios. Plasma, red blood cell, and cholesteryl ester fatty acids from infants fed COCO/SOY contained less 18:1 and more 18:2$$$ cholesterol esters in plasma from breast-fed infants had the highest 20:4n-6 levels. Plasma tocopherol levels were higher in infants consuming formulas. The presence of cholesterol in human milk appeared to expand the low-density lipoprotein pool and exert an "unfavorable" increase in the low-density lipoprotein/high-density lipoprotein ratio. Thus modulation of infant lipoproteins by changing dietary fat and cholesterol is feasible and in keeping with the known response in adults.
Olive oil instead of butter increases net cholesterol excretion from the small bowel.$$$ Butter was replaced by olive oil in a controlled 100 g fat diet in order to study the effect of saturated fats (SAFA) versus monounsaturated fats (MUFA) on small-bowel sterol excretion in eleven healthy ileostomates. Bile acids and neutral sterols were measured by gas-liquid chromatography. Net cholesterol excretion (excretion minus intake) was 84 +/- 25 mg/24 h (mean +/- SE) on the SAFA diet and increased to 218 +/- 32 mg/24 h on the MUFA diet (P less than 0.01). The bile acid excretion tended to be somewhat lower on the MUFA diet, but this was significant only for chenodeoxycholic acid. Net sterol excretion (the sum of excretion of net cholesterol and bile acids) was significantly lower on the SAFA diet than on the MUFA diet (443 +/- 60 and 529 +/- 58 mg/24 h, respectively). The immediately increased excretion of cholesterol from the small bowel could thus explain the serum cholesterol-lowering effect of a change from a SAFA-rich to a MUFA-rich diet, though the mechanism for this change is still unclear.
Effect of treatment with capsaicin on daily activities of patients with painful diabetic neuropathy. Capsaicin Study Group.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To establish the effects of topically applied capsaicin on daily activities in patients with painful diabetic neuropathy., RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Investigators at 12 sites enrolled 277 men and women with painful peripheral polyneuropathy and/or radiculopathy in an 8-wk double-blind vehicle-controlled study with parallel randomized treatment assignments. Participants were unresponsive or intolerant to conventional therapy and were experiencing pain that interfered with functional activities and/or sleep. Either 0.075% capsaicin cream or vehicle cream was applied to the painful areas 4 times/day. A visual analogue scale of pain intensity and baseline measurements of the pain's interference with the ability to walk, work, participate in recreational activities, use shoes and socks, sleep, and eat were recorded at onset and at 2-wk intervals. A physician's global evaluation scale assessed changes in pain status from baseline., RESULTS: Statistically significant differences are percentage of patients with improvement in favor of capsaicin versus vehicle: 69.5 vs 53.4% with clinical improvement in pain status (P = 0.012), 26.1 vs. 14.6% with improvement in walking (P = 0.029), 18.3 vs. 9.2% with improvement in working (P = 0.019), 29.5 vs. 20.3% with improvement in sleeping (P = 0.036), and 22.8 vs. 12.1% with improvement in participating in recreational activities (P = 0.037)., CONCLUSIONS: The results from this study suggest that topical 0.075% capsaicin is effective for reducing pain in patients with painful diabetic neuropathy with subsequent improvement in daily activities, enhancing the quality of the patient's life.
Self-treatment using a 0.5% podophyllotoxin cream of external genital condylomata acuminata in women. A placebo-controlled, double-blind study.$$$ In a double-blind, placebo-controlled study, self-treatment with a 0.5% podophyllotoxin cream was evaluated among 60 women afflicted solely with outer vulvoanal warts$$$ 12 women received treatment with placebo cream and 48 women with active substance, administered twice daily in 3-day cycles once weekly for up to 3 weeks. Patients who were not completely cured after three cycles were classified as treatment failures. Four patients treated with podophyllotoxin cream were excluded: two were considered drop-outs, another patient was concurrently afflicted with intraanal warts, and a fourth patient refused further therapy with the cream due to the severity of local side effects occurring from the first course of therapy. Of the remaining 44 patients treated with active substance, the primary cure rates were 43%, 66%, and 91% after 1, 2, and 3 treatment cycles, respectively. Within a 3-month follow-up period, 6 (14%) patients who were originally considered cured exhibited some degree of either "recurrence" or "reoccurrence". Thus, a complete and permanent cure from podophyllotoxin cream occurred in 38 out of 44 patients (77%). Placebo lacked therapeutic influence. A slight-to-moderate tenderness, pain, burning, or all of the above in the treated areas was noted by more than 60% of the women who were treated with the podophyllotoxin cream.
Different quantities of two commercial liquid diets consumed by weight-losing cancer patients.$$$ Twenty ambulatory, weight-losing patients with advanced cancer of the lung, breast, or ovary were randomized to supplement their diet for 2 months with either of two commercial complete liquid diets, one containing intact milk proteins and the other partially hydrolyzed soy proteins. Both products were prescribed as sip feeds in addition to normal food. The patients consumed more of the hydrolysate-containing product than of that with intact (milk) protein. The difference was significant and was maintained during both months of the study. An increase in total energy and protein was obtained in both groups, but was significant only with the hydrolysate product. At the end of the study there was no group difference in measures of nutritional status, but weight loss was halted in both groups.
Topical isotretinoin for photodamaged skin.$$$ Photodamaged skin is characterized clinically by coarseness, telangiectasia, wrinkling, discrete hyperpigmented and hypopigmented macules, atrophy, and ultimately the development of neoplasms. Studies on the UVB-irradiated hairless mouse indicate that topical application of tretinoin or isotretinoin induces structural modifications at the dermal level. Clinical trials indicate that tretinoin improves skin appearance in patients who have photodamage. This double-blind, vehicle-controlled clinical trial was conducted to determine whether 36 weeks of treatment with topical isotretinoin improves mildly to moderately photodamaged facial skin. After they gave written informed consent 776 patients were randomly assigned to 36 weeks of treatment with either vehicle cream or isotretinoin cream, applied once nightly. Efficacy was evaluated by means of physician and patient assessment and a blinded analysis of standardized photographs taken before and after treatment. When compared with vehicle, treatment with isotretinoin resulted in statistically significant improvement in overall appearance, fine wrinkling, discrete pigmentation, sallowness, and texture. Isotretinoin cream was well tolerated.
Effects of dietary calcium from dairy products on ambulatory blood pressure in hypertensive men.$$$ The effect of consumption of 400 mg vs 1,500 mg of dietary calcium per day was examined in 13 male volunteers who had been diagnosed as hypertensive. Dietary calcium consumption was varied by manipulation of the intake of dairy products over 4-week periods. Caffeine intake (mean = 500 mg/day) was monitored. Neither laboratory blood pressure measured by standard sphygmomanometry nor ambulatory blood pressure monitored by automated sphygmomanometry varied significantly among men consuming baseline, low-calcium, or high-calcium diets (laboratory blood pressure = 136/83, 133/83, and 137/84 mm Hg, respectively$$$ ambulatory blood pressure = 136/86, 138/87, and 138/87 mm Hg, respectively). Serum ionized calcium values did not vary with the three diets (1.25, 1.26, and 1.25 mmol/L, respectively). The parathyroid hormone level decreased (39 mmol/L vs 37 mmol/L) and the urinary calcium:creatinine ratio was elevated (0.41 vs 0.50) in the high-calcium diet. Consumption of a diet containing 1,500 mg calcium per day over 4 weeks did not produce a significant decrease in blood pressure or alterations in calcium metabolic indexes.
Public health implications of dietary differences between social status and occupational category groups.$$$ STUDY OBJECTIVE: As there is a social status gradient in chronic disease mortality in Australia, this study aimed to establish whether there were substantial differences among socioeconomically defined groups with respect to food choice and nutrient intake, in the context of risk of nutrition related chronic diseases., DESIGN AND PARTICIPANTS: Cross sectional data were collected from a randomly selected population sample of 1500 urban Australian adults. Data were collected by postal questionnaire, which included an assessment of dietary intake and questions on sociodemographic details. Three measures of social position were collected: occupation, educational status, and income status. Occupation was interpreted both on a continuous, prestige scale, and also as categorical occupational groupings., MAIN RESULTS: The study achieved a 70% response rate. Higher social status was generally associated with healthier dietary intakes, with lower fat and refined sugar densities, and higher fibre densities, but also with higher alcohol density. No differences were found in salt, polyunsaturated fat, protein, or complex carbohydrate densities across groups. Food intake differences were also found between occupational status groups, with the upper social groups tending to consume more wholegrain cereal foods, low fat milk, and fruit, and less refined cereal foods, full cream milk, fried meat, meat products, and discretionary sugar$$$ but also more cheese and meat dishes., CONCLUSIONS: Although this study did show statistically significant differences across social status groups in relation to nutrient and food intakes, these differences were small compared to the disparity between intakes of all groups and the recommended patterns of intake, and did not appear to be great enough to be a major explanatory variable in differences in disease risk across groups.
Plasma lipoprotein lipid and Lp[a] changes with substitution of elaidic acid for oleic acid in the diet.$$$ The effect of additional dietary trans fatty acids (7% energy) on plasma lipids was assessed in a double-blind comparison of four separate diets: 1, enriched with butter fat (lauric-myristic-palmitic)$$$ 2, oleic acid-rich$$$ 3, elaidic acid-rich$$$ 4, palmitic acid-rich. The total dietary period was 11 weeks and comprised normal foods plus specific fat supplements. In 27 mildly hypercholesterolemic men, total and LDL cholesterol were significantly lower during the 3-week oleic acid-rich diet, and were similar during the other three diets. For the four diets LDL cholesterol levels were in mg/dl: 1, 163$$$ 2, 151$$$ 3, 165$$$ 4, 161. HDL cholesterol was significantly higher with the palmitic acid-rich diet, 42 mg/dl, compared with elaidic acid, 38 mg/dl, which in turn was not lower than with oleic acid, 38 mg/dl. Plasma elaidic acid concentration rose seven-fold with the trans fatty acid diet but did not increase the vulnerability of LDL to oxidative change. The elaidic acid-rich diet led to significant elevations in the level of Lp[a] compared to all the other test diets. The Lp[a] level increased to 296 +/- 220 U/l in the elaidic acid-rich period from 235 +/- 182 (mean +/- SD) in the first ("butter") period (P less than 0.001) compared with 249 +/- 204 in the palmitic acid period (P less than 0.001) and 236 +/- 201 in the oleic acid period (NS). (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
[Use of phytostimolin vaginal cream and lavage in cervical dystrophy after DTC of the cervix].$$$ The study evaluated the efficacy and tolerance of the active components of "phytostimolin" cream and vaginal lavage, Triticum Vulgare and Ether glycoethylen-mono-phenolic, in 40 patients suffering from dystrophic cervico-vaginal pathologies (group 1), and in 20 patients following DTC of the portio due to ectropion (group 2). The study was double blind. An overall efficacy of 70% was observed in group 1 and 90% in group 2. The results obtained, the absence of side effects, and the good level of tolerance confirm the value of the above components in the pathology in question.
A comparative study of three different test diets in change in plasma total cholesterol in young healthy individuals.$$$ The effect of single dose of three different types of high cholesterol diet on plasma total cholesterol (PTC) in 24 young healthy subjects (male:female = 1:1) aged 15 to 35 years was studied. One group (n1 = 8) was given a butter and milk diet (300 mg cholesterol and 95 g fat). In the first postprandial hour PTC level increased significantly in all but one subject (mean +/- S.D., 4.96 +/- 0.57 m mol/l to 5.61 +/- 0.60 m mol/l, P < 0.005). Second group (n2 = 8) was given a single egg diet (300 mg cholesterol and 6 g fat). In the first hour the PTC level decreased significantly in all but 2 subjects (4.82 +/- 0.58 m mol/l to 4.42 +/- 0.63 m mol/l, P < 0.02). Third group subjects (n2(3) = 8) were given a test diet consisting of crystalline cholesterol with 200 ml milk (1020 mg cholesterol and 14 g fat). The PTC level increased insignificantly. In the first hour in all but 2 subjects (4.94 +/- 0.43 m mol/l to 5.35 +/- 0.88 m mol/l, P > 0.10). In the third postprandial hour the PTC values in all the 3 groups showed a tendency to return to fasting values. Therefore, we conclude that the effect of dietary cholesterol on PTC depends not only on the amount of cholesterol content in the diet, but on the type of diet (cholesterol vehicle) as such and probably also on the fat content of the diet.
Skin pretreatment and the use of transdermal clonidine.$$$ Although therapy with transdermal clonidine is effective in bringing elevated blood pressure under control, this mode of delivery has been associated with localized dermal reactions in a small percentage of patients. Because anecdotal information suggests that a number of physicians have resorted to various dermal pretreatment strategies in an effort to alleviate or eliminate these dermal reactions, we decided to investigate the two most commonly used pretreatment strategies, to determine if they affected the pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of transdermally administered clonidine. Specifically, we examined the effect of dermal pretreatment with 0.5% hydrocortisone cream and with an over-the-counter antacid, magnesium-aluminum hydroxide suspension, on the pharmacokinetics of transdermal clonidine in 10 adult hypertensive males. Patients were randomized to receive one of the two pretreatment regimens or therapy with the patch alone, and after 7 days of treatment and a 14-day washout period, patients were crossed over to receive one of the other therapies. All patients ultimately received all three therapies. We present here the results from the 10 patients enrolled in our study. Our study found a statistical difference detected in maximum plasma concentration (Cmax), steady-state plasma concentration (Css), and apparent clonidine dose delivered (Doseapp) following dermal pretreatment with hydrocortisone compared with the transdermal patch alone. The mean +/- SD relative extents of absorption (Frel) of clonidine following dermal pretreatment with hydrocortisone and magnesium-aluminum hydroxide in respect to the transdermal patch alone were 94.84 +/- 45.69% and 97.65 +/- 59.65%, respectively. No significant difference was detected in this parameter. Supine and sitting blood pressures and pulse rates were similar during treatment with clonidine alone, following dermal pretreatment with hydrocortisone cream, and following pretreatment with magnesium-aluminum hydroxide suspension. In addition, systemic side effects were evenly distributed among treatments. However, dermal side effects were less frequent following pretreatment with hydrocortisone compared with magnesium-aluminum hydroxide and the patch alone. The results of this study suggest that dermal pretreatment with 0.5 percent hydrocortisone cream may significantly alter the plasma concentrations of transdermally administered clonidine without adversely altering the pharmacodynamics.
The effect of topical retinoids on the leukotriene-B4-induced migration of polymorphonuclear leukocytes into human skin.$$$ Systemic retinoids are effective in a variety of inflammatory dermatoses. Disorders in which polymorphonuclear leukocytes (PMN) are involved, such as psoriasis and acne, respond particularly well to various retinoids. However, side-effects restrict the use of systemic retinoids to severe manifestations. Topical application might provide the possibility of avoiding the systemic side-effects of these compounds. In this communication we report on the modulation of transepidermal migration of PMN by topical application of all-trans-retinoic acid, 13-cis-retinoic acid, arotinoid methyl sulphone and arotinoid ethyl sulphone. Test areas of healthy volunteers were pretreated with these retinoids in a cream base and with corresponding placebo creams, and intraepidermal accumulation of PMN was quantified 24 h after epicutaneous challenge with leukotriene B4 (LTB4), using elastase as a marker enzyme. Topical treatment with 13-cis-retinoic acid resulted in a marked and statistically significant inhibition of the LTB4-induced migration of PMN. All-trans-retinoic acid, arotinoid methyl sulphone and arotinoid ethyl sulphone reduced the accumulation of PMN slightly, but not statistically significantly. Topical treatment with arotinoid methyl sulphone had no effect.
The diet of Auckland men and women aged 25-64 years.$$$ The dietary intake of a sample of 537 men and 372 women aged 25-64 years, randomly selected from the Auckland general electoral rolls, was assessed in order to describe current nutritional patterns in Auckland and to compare dietary intakes between men and women. A 118 item food frequency questionnaire was given to each participant to recall usual intake over the previous three months. After adjusting for energy intake, men consumed significantly more fat and cholesterol than women, consistent with their increased intake of red meat (median serves per month = 28 for men, 23 for women) and their greater tendency to eat fried meat (80.3% v 71.7%) and to drink full cream milk (82.7% v 70.7%). In contrast, women consumed more carbohydrate and fibre than men after adjusting for energy, consistent with their increased intake of vegetables (median serves per month = 136 for women, 116 for men) and fruit (median serves per month = 71 for women, 39 for men). These dietary differences between men and women may partly explain the increased coronary heart disease rates in men.
The influence of diet on the appearance of new lesions in human coronary arteries.$$$ The Cholesterol Lowering Atherosclerosis Study, a randomized, placebo-controlled trial of blood lipid lowering, demonstrated significant benefit in 2-year coronary angiograms. Using angiograms of subjects in the Cholesterol Lowering Atherosclerosis Study who received a placebo and 24-hour dietary recall data, we performed an epidemiologic study of risk factors for formation of new atherosclerotic lesions. Age and baseline plus on-trial lipid levels, blood pressure levels, and diet variables were included. Significant dietary energy sources were protein, carbohydrate, alcohol, total fat, and polyunsaturated fat. Each quartile of increased consumption of total fat and polyunsaturated fat was associated with a significant increase in risk of new lesions. Increased intake of lauric, oleic, and linoleic acids significantly increased risk. Subjects in the Cholesterol Lowering Atherosclerosis Study in whom new lesions did not develop increased dietary protein to compensate for reduced intake of fat by substituting low-fat meats and dairy products for high-fat meats and dairy products. These results indicate that when total and saturated fat intakes are reduced to levels recommended by the National Cholesterol Education Program, protein and carbohydrate are preferred substitutes for fat calories, rather than monounsaturated or polyunsaturated fat.
Local anesthesia of the genital mucosa with a lidocaine/prilocaine cream (EMLA) for laser treatment of condylomata acuminata: a placebo-controlled study.$$$ The time of onset and duration of local anesthesia of a lidocaine/prilocaine cream (EMLA) applied to the genital mucosa were assessed in a double-blind study. Eighty women with condylomata on their genital mucosa were randomly allocated to either EMLA (N = 60) or placebo cream (N = 20) between 1-75 minutes before CO2 laser treatment. The pain was evaluated by the patient on a visual analogue scale. The most effective degree of anesthesia was achieved after 5-15 minutes' application of EMLA. The patients given EMLA, regardless of application time, felt significantly less pain than the patients given placebo. EMLA could provide an alternative to general anesthesia in patients with extensive condylomata on the genital mucosa.
Patient tolerance study of topical chlorhexidine diphosphanilate: a new topical agent for burns.$$$ Effective topical antimicrobial agents decrease infection and mortality in burn patients. Chlorhexidine phosphanilate (CHP), a new broad-spectrum antimicrobial agent, has been evaluated as a topical burn wound dressing in cream form, but preliminary clinical trials reported that it was painful upon application. This study compared various concentrations of CHP to determine if a tolerable concentration could be identified with retention of antimicrobial efficacy. Twenty-nine burn patients, each with two similar burns which could be separately treated, were given pairs of treatments at successive 12-h intervals over a 3-day period. One burn site was treated with each of four different CHP concentrations, from 0.25 per cent to 2 per cent, their vehicle, and 1 per cent silver sulphadiazine (AgSD) cream, an antimicrobial agent frequently used for topical treatment of burn wounds. The other site was always treated with AgSD cream. There was a direct relationship between CHP concentration and patients' ratings of pain on an analogue scale. The 0.25 per cent CHP cream was closest to AgSD in pain tolerance$$$ however, none of the treatments differed statistically from AgSD or from each other. In addition, ease of application of CHP creams was less satisfactory than that of AgSD. It was concluded that formulations at or below 0.5 per cent CHP may prove acceptable for wound care, but the vehicle system needs pharmaceutical improvement to render it more tolerable and easier to use.
Treatment of extensive vulvar condylomata acuminata with topical 5-fluorouracil.$$$ Forty-nine nonpregnant women with extensive condylomata acuminata of the vulva were studied to evaluate the effectiveness of topical 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) for treating vulvar condylomata and to compare the results of continuous use with periodic use of the medication. Patients using the continuous regimen were instructed to apply 5% 5-FU cream to the vulva each night for 6 weeks or until a brisk inflammatory reaction occurred. The periodic regimen consisted of applying 5-FU cream on 2 consecutive nights per week for 10 week. Thirty-five patients (71%) responded to 5-FU treatment (20 complete responses, 41%$$$ 15 partial responses, 30%). Fourteen patients (29%) did not respond. The response rates observed in 19 patients using the continuous regimen (eight complete responses, five partial responses, and six treatment failures) were not significantly different from the response rates obtained in 30 patients with the periodic regimen (12 complete responses, 10 partial responses, and eight treatment failures$$$ P greater than .05, chi-squared test). The periodic regimen caused fewer side effects than the continuous regimen. I conclude that topical 5-FU is effective for treatment of vulvar condylomata acuminata and that periodic applications are preferable to continuous applications.
Impairment of estramustine phosphate absorption by concurrent intake of milk and food.$$$ The effect of milk and food on the pharmacokinetics of estramustine phosphate was investigated in six patients with prostatic cancer. In a randomized three-way cross-over study, the patients were given single doses of the drug together with low calcium water, low calcium food and milk. The evaluation was based upon the plasma concentration of two metabolites, estromustine and estrone, as parent drug could not be detected in plasma. The tmax and lag time of estromustine were significantly increased by milk and food intake and Cmax and AUC were significantly decreased. In comparison with water, the AUC of estromustine was 41% when the drug was taken with milk and 67% after simultaneous intake of standardized food. Corresponding figures for the peak values were 32 and 57%, respectively. The effect of milk and food intake on the pharmacokinetics of estrone was similar. Studies in vitro demonstrated that the dissolution of estramustine phosphate disodium was markedly impaired in the presence of calcium. It was concluded that the rate and extent of absorption of estramustine phosphate were decreased when the drug was taken with milk or food due to the formation of a poorly absorbable calcium complex. To obtain high and reproducible absorption of Estracyt, the drug should not be taken together with milk, milk products or other calcium-rich food or drugs.
Effect of diets high in butter, corn oil, or high-oleic acid sunflower oil on serum lipids and apolipoproteins in men.$$$ This randomized blind crossover study compared serum lipid and apolipoprotein concentrations in 20 men consuming 37-43% of energy as fat from diets based on corn oil, high-oleic acid sunflower oil, and butter. Each phase of the crossover design included 2 wk of butter-based diet followed by 5 wk of designated vegetable-oil-based diet with a 7-wk washout period between phases. Compared with values for the butter-based diet, the vegetable-oil-based diets reduced serum total cholesterol by 16-21% (p less than 0.001), LDL cholesterol by 21-26% (p less than 0.001), triglycerides by 10-21% (p less than 0.01 for the higher figure), and apolipoprotein B-100 by 22-29% (p less than 0.001). When values fell, they fell further on the corn-oil-based diet. There were no significant changes in serum HDL cholesterol or apolipoprotein A-1. These data suggest that when men on diets high in saturated fatty acids reduce their saturated fatty acid intake but not their total fat intake, many can still experience a significant lowering in serum total cholesterol.
Dietary modification with dairy products for preventing vertebral bone loss in premenopausal women: a three-year prospective study.$$$ The effect of dietary calcium on vertebral bone mass in women is controversial. In a randomized study we have investigated the effect of dietary modification in the form of dairy products on vertebral bone mass in 30- to 42-yr-old premenopausal women over a 3-yr period. Twenty women increased their dietary calcium intake by an average of 610 mg/day (P less than 0.03) for 3 yr, while 17 age- and weight-matched women served as controls. Calcium intake was monitored by 3-day diet histories and 24-h urinary calcium excretion. The consumption of the dairy products did not alter serum calcium or PTH levels or the fasting urinary calcium to creatinine ratio. Twenty-four-hour urinary calcium excretion increased by 28% (P less than 0.03) in the supplemented women. Dairy product intake was accompanied by increased dietary fat intake, but there were no statistically significant changes in serum cholesterol, low density lipoprotein cholesterol, or high density lipoprotein cholesterol levels. The vertebral bone density in the women consuming increased calcium did not change over the 3-yr period (-0.4 +/- 0.9%). In contrast, the vertebral bone density in the control women declined (-2.9 +/- 0.8%$$$ P less than 0.001) and was significantly lower than that in the supplemented group at 30 and 36 months. The study suggests that dietary modification in the form of dairy products retards vertebral bone loss in premenopausal women. Therefore, increased calcium intake in estrogen-replete premenopausal women may prevent age-related bone loss.
Cholesterol-lowering effect of skim milk from immunized cows in hypercholesterolemic patients.$$$ The effect of skim milk from cows immunized against a variety of human intestinal bacteria on serum cholesterol concentrations was examined in 11 patients with primary hypercholesterolemia in a 24-wk, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, crossover study. After a 4-wk baseline period, patients were treated for 8 wk either with skim milk from immunized cows (active) or with control skim milk (placebo) followed by an 8-wk period with the treatment order reversed. Eight weeks of active treatment with skim milk from immunized cows reduced serum total cholesterol concentrations by 0.52 +/- 0.59 mmol/L (mean +/- SD$$$ P less than 0.025), or 8%, LDL cholesterol by 0.16 +/- 0.59 mmol/L (NS), or 4%, and the atherogenic index (total cholesterol/HDL cholesterol) by 0.42 +/- 1.85 (P less than 0.05), or 8%, compared with the placebo treatment. Reversal of the favorable development occurred upon cessation of active treatment. We conclude that daily supplementation of a normal diet with skim milk from immunized cows can result in a significant reduction of elevated blood cholesterol concentrations.
Topical idoxuridine for treatment of genital warts in males. A double-blind comparative study of 0.25% and 0.5% cream.$$$ Fifty heterosexual male patients with histologically verified genital warts of short duration (less than 3 months) were randomly allocated to treatment with either 0.25% or 0.5% idoxuridine cream. The application of the cream to the warts was performed twice daily for an initial period of 14 days, whereafter patients with partial improvement or no response were retreated in the same way for another period of 14 days. Patients not completely healed after 28 days were regarded as treatment failures and withdrawn from the study. After the initial treatment period of 14 days, 19 of 25 patients (76%) treated with 0.5% idoxuridine cream, and 9 of 25 patients (36%) treated with 0.25% idoxuridine cream were completely healed. This difference is significant (p less than 0.01). The corresponding figures at the second follow-up examination (28 days after start of the study) were 19 of 25 (76%) and 13 of 25 (52%), respectively. At the last follow-up examination three months after start of treatment, four patients treated with 0.5% idoxuridine cream and five patients treated with 0.25% idoxuridine cream had a relapse. Thus, the overall rate of complete healing was 15 of 25 (60%) for the patients treated with 0.5% idoxuridine cream and 8 of 25 (32%) for those treated with 0.25% idoxuridine cream. The difference is significant (p less than 0.01). No adverse reactions were observed or reported by the patients.
Topical treatment with human leukocyte interferon of HPV 16 infections associated with cervical and vaginal intraepithelial neoplasias.$$$ The present placebo-controlled, double-blind trial was designed to determine the effect of potent human leukocyte interferon cream (IFN) on genital HPV 16 (high-risk-type) infections associated with cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN) and/or vaginal intraepithelial neoplasia (VAIN). Twenty women were treated with either IFN or placebo cream. The daily dose of IFN was 9 x 10(6) IU. The patients applied the cream deep into the vagina every night for 2-week courses 1 week apart. The entire treatment period was 12 months. On the basis of colposcopical, cytological, and histological examinations, 4 of 9 patients in the IFN group and 7 of 10 patients in the placebo group showed clinical remissions at the end of the trial. However, the virological studies gave a different picture. After treatment, 6 of 9 in the IFN group and 3 of 10 in the placebo group were HPV 16 DNA negative (in situ hybridization). All four patients in remission after IFN were HPV 16 DNA negative, whereas 4 of 7 patients in remission after placebo were still HPV 16 DNA positive. One patient treated with placebo showed progression$$$ no patient in the IFN group showed progression. During the post-treatment follow-up of 16 months, no recurrences were noted in the IFN group, as compared with 2 of 10 in the placebo group. These results showed a marked discrepancy between clinical evaluation (colposcopy, Pap smear, biopsy) and virological findings. Further studies are needed to clarify the prognostic value of the different evaluation criteria. It is encouraging that the high-risk HPV 16 infection was eradicated in two-thirds of the patients treated with topical IFN.
Divergent lipoprotein responses to fish oils with various ratios of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid.$$$ To determine if the ratio of eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and docosahexaenoic (DHA) acids in fish oil had an effect on plasma lipid responses, we randomly fed eight normolipidemic men three 36%-fat diets containing primarily butter, EPA-rich pollock oil, or DHA-rich tuna or salmon-blend oils. Plasma EPA and DHA reflected the amounts in the diets. Compared with values for the butter diet, very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) triglycerides decreased equally (71-78%) with all diets$$$ low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol (LDL-C) and apolipoprotein B decreased 26% and 13%, respectively, on the tuna and salmon-blend oil but did not change (-1%) and increased 19% with the pollock diet$$$ high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and lipoproteins A-I and A-II decreased with all diets but more with the pollock diet than with the tuna and salmon diets. The 23-31% decrease in total cholesterol on the tuna and salmon diets resulted mostly from decreased LDL-C whereas the 16% decrease on pollock oil resulted mostly from a decrease in HDL-C.
[Influence of the changes in food intake patterns and smoking and drinking habits on stroke--20-year follow-up survey in the Oki-Islands, Shimane Prefecture, Japan].$$$ In 1968 (the first survey), the food intake patterns and smoking and drinking habits of the 3,546 male and 4,350 female inhabitants aged 40-74, of the Oki-Islands, Shimane, Japan were investigated. The response rates were 64% for males and 65% for females. A second survey according the same protocol was carried out from 1987 to 1988. A total of 1,140 males and 1,694 females were randomly selected from the cohort members who were completely followed up from 1968 to 1987. The overall response rates at the second survey were 91.2% for male and 88.9% for female. The results are summarized as follows: 1. 'Saltless' dietary habits significantly advanced in both sexes of all age groups (40-49, 50-59, and 60-74 years old in 1968) and in both hypertensives and normotensives$$$ the frequency of pickle intake significantly decreased, while that of miso soup intake did not change. Nutritional improvement was remarkable in that the frequency of fish, meat, eggs, milk, green vegetable and fruit intakes increased in both sexes of all age groups and in both hypertensives and normotensives. 2. The frequency of smoking significantly decreased in all age groups and in both male hypertensives and normotensives, in contrast with that of drinking. The frequencies of smoking and drinking showed the same tendencies in females. 3. The frequencies of smoking, drinking, and miso soup intake were higher in males who died from strokes than in those who died from other causes from 1968 to 1987, in contrast with the intakes of eggs and milk.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Inpatient-outpatient randomized comparison of Cambridge diet versus milk diet in 17 obese women over 24 weeks.$$$ Twenty-two obese women were recruited for a prospective cross-over trial of the effects of either the Cambridge Diet (CD) or 1200 ml milk with iron and vitamin supplements (milk) during a three-week inpatient study, then 20 weeks as outpatients, then a final week as inpatients. Five dropped out, leaving eight who took initially milk and then CD and nine who took CD and then milk. Within each diet group five women had their jaws wired together during the outpatient phase. The four groups (CD/milk, with/without jaw wiring) were initially well matched for age, height, weight and resting metabolic rate (RMR). There was no significant difference (by unpaired t test) between the groups during the initial inpatient phase in rate of weight loss, or N loss/kg weight loss, but patients on CD during days 13-22 had a greater daily N loss than those on milk (2.08 vs 0.28 g N/day, P = 0.02). When the change in weight loss, N loss and N/kg weight loss on changing diet within a patient group was compared by paired t test the patients changing from milk to CD showed no significant change, but patients changing from CD to milk showed a reduced rate of weight loss (0.36-0.23 kg/day$$$ P = 0.012), a reduced N loss (2.02-0.28 g N/day$$$ P = 0.0013) and reduced loss of N/kg (6.26 to 1.02 g N/kg$$$ P = 0.025). During the outpatient phase weight loss was not significantly related to the diet, but patients with jaws wired lost more weight than those without jaw wiring (0.151 vs 0.077 kg/day$$$ P = 0.04). (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Comparison of glycemic response and insulin requirements after mixed meals of equal carbohydrate content in healthy, type-1, and type-2 diabetic man.$$$ The postprandial insulin requirements after three mixed meals of equal carbohydrate and energy content were assessed in 10 type-1 and 12 type-2 diabetics by a glucose-controlled insulin infusion system. These were compared with the glycemic response to the same meals of 10 healthy individuals (glycemic index). In type-1 diabetics, we found the highest insulin requirements after consumption of a continental breakfast (low fibre, low protein, high fat). Ten percent less insulin was infused after milk (low fat, high protein) and 30% less after an English breakfast (high fibre, high protein). Type-2 diabetics showed no significant differences in insulin requirements between the three test meals. The glycemic response in healthy individuals had no relation to these insulin requirements. Continental and English breakfast had a similar glycemic effect, whereas milk produced only 30% of the blood glucose response observed after the continental breakfast. These results indicate that neither the carbohydrate content (exchange lists) nor the glycemic index enable prediction of postprandial insulin requirements in insulin-deficient diabetes. For this purpose, we propose the insulin-need index, elaborated by testing whole meals in closed-loop experiments with type-1 diabetics.
Oral tyramine pressor test and the safety of monoamine oxidase inhibitor drugs: comparison of brofaromine and tranylcypromine in healthy subjects.$$$ The pressor effect of orally administered tyramine (TYR) has been evaluated in 124 tests of 49 healthy unmedicated volunteers, in 99 tests of 29 subjects treated with the reversible selective monoamine oxidase (MAO) A inhibitor brofaromine (BROF), and in 73 tests of 12 subjects treated with tranylcypromine (TCP). In unmedicated subjects, pressor doses of TYR to raise systolic blood pressure (BP) by 30 mm Hg (PD30) ranged between 200 and 800 mg of TYR. There was no correlation of PD30 with sex, age, or weight. In repeated tests, the intraindividual coefficient of variation of the PD30 (+/- SD) was 10 +/- 9%. During treatment for 8 to 16 days with the two MAO inhibitors (MAOIs) BROF and TCP, seven-fold and 56-fold increases of TYR pressor sensitivity were estimated. A significant correlation was found between the individual PD30 before and during MAO inhibition with BROF. Cheese with a pressor content equal to the PD30 of TYR raised the systolic BP in only three of 10 volunteers during BROF inconsistently by not more than 20 mm. Therefore, the probability of "cheese reactions" during treatment with this reversible MAOI seems to be small. For complete normalization of oral pressor responsiveness, delays of 8 and 30 days after the last doses of BROF and TCP, respectively, are needed. The total incidence of systolic BP elevations by more than 60 mm Hg was 13% in a total of 296 oral tests given to 49 subjects. This incidence of easily controllable hypertensive reactions is outweighed by the importance of the test as predictor of clinical risks for drugs with TYR potentiating effects.
Vitamin A-fortified monosodium glutamate and health, growth, and survival of children: a controlled field trial.$$$ In a controlled trial, fortification of commercially marketed monosodium glutamate (MSG) with vitamin A improved serum vitamin A levels of young children and the vitamin A content of breast milk of lactating women. These improvements in vitamin A indices were accompanied by dramatic changes in health and anthropometric status. During the course of the study, the prevalence of Bitot's spots among children in program villages fell progressively from 1.2% at base line to 0.2% 11 mo after introduction of the fortified product (p less than 0.001)$$$ xerophthalmia rates in control villages remained essentially unchanged. Linear growth was greater among program than among control children at every age. Hemoglobin levels among program children rose by approximately 10 g, from 113 +/- 16 g/L at base line to 123 +/- 16 by 5 mo (p less than 0.001)$$$ they remained essentially unchanged among children of control villages. Preschool children in control villages died at 1.8 times the rate of children in program villages.
Effects of hormonal contraceptives on breast milk composition and infant growth. World Health Organization (WHO) Task Force on Oral Contraceptives.$$$ Breast milk volume and composition and infant growth were measured at three- and four-week intervals, up to six months, in a multicenter randomized double-blind trial comparing a low-dose combined oral contraceptive (OC) with a progestogen-only OC. A nonrandom group using nonhormonal methods was also studied in the three centers: Szeged, Hungary$$$ Bangkok, Thailand$$$ and Khon Kaen, Thailand. A fourth group, users of depot-medroxyprogesterone acetate (DMPA) was included in the two Thai centers. Altogether, 341 women were recruited into the study. Combined OCs caused a significant decrease in milk output and total energy content as well as widespread changes in milk constituents. In the DMPA group, no significant changes were observed in milk volume, and only minor shifts occurred in milk composition, which varied between centers. No differences were found between the progestogen-only pill and DMPA. No hormonal contraceptive was associated with any significant difference in infant weight or fat fold, nor in the rate of discontinuation for failure to gain weight. This study reiterates the need to avoid combined OCs during the first few weeks or months of lactation. Both norgestrel and DMPA appear to be safe for use in both developing and developed countries, at least when the nutritional status of the mother and infant are adequate, but further research is needed on the safety of these contraceptives in populations with malnutrition.
Turnover of very low-density lipoprotein-apoprotein B is increased by substitution of soybean protein for meat and dairy protein in the diets of hypercholesterolemic men.$$$ The effect of dietary protein source on the kinetics of plasma very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) (Sf 60 to 400) in hypercholesterolemic men was investigated. Using a crossover design, five subjects received sequentially either 1) a high polyunsaturated fat, low cholesterol control diet containing mixed protein from meat, dairy products, and plant sources or 2) an all-plant protein experimental diet in which the meat and dairy protein of the former diet was replaced by soybean protein and soy milk. There was no significant change in the mean values for fasting serum cholesterol and triglycerides over the 6-wk period of administration of the control versus experimental diets. The kinetics of VLDL (Sf 60 to 400) apolipoprotein B were studied at the end of each dietary period after reinjection of 125I-labeled autologous VLDL (Sf 60 to 400). The VLDL apolipoprotein B pool size was similar during the experimental and control protocols$$$ however, the fractional catabolic rate was consistently higher during the experimental protocol (8.5 +/- 1.3 versus 6.5 +/- 1.2 day-1, p less than 0.01) and the production rate of apoprotein B was higher than control in four of five subjects (mean values 18.6 +/- 3 versus 12.6 +/- 1 mg/day/kg, respectively). Administration of an all-plant protein diet significantly increased the fractional turnover rate of VLDL apolipoprotein B, even when no changes in VLDL ago B pool size or VLDL lipid concentrations were observed.
Glucose and insulin responses to meals containing milk, lactose, glucose or fructose in subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes.$$$ The postprandial blood glucose and serum insulin responses to liquid test meals containing 40 g carbohydrate from milk, lactose, glucose or fructose and equal amounts of energy were compared in 10 non-insulin-dependent (type 2) diabetic patients. The meals were consumed in random order on consecutive days after an overnight fast. Significant differences (p less than 0.001, ANOVA) were observed between the glucose and insulin responses to the meals. The glucose response was significantly higher after the glucose containing meal and lower after the fructose meal as compared with the other meals. The insulin response was significantly higher after the lactose and glucose meals than after the milk and fructose meals. After the milk and lactose meals the blood glucose responses were similar whereas the insulin response was significantly lower after the milk meal. As lactose apparently was similarly absorbed from the two meals the difference in the insulin response was probably due to different insulinogenic effects of the protein components or to differences in the physical properties of the respective meals.
Effect of dietary fats and carbohydrate on blood pressure of mildly hypertensive patients.$$$ The effect on blood pressure (BP) of replacing dietary saturated fat with either polyunsaturated fat (linoleic acid) or carbohydrate was studied in 21 untreated mildly hypertensive patients. In a randomized, double-blind, crossover protocol, all subjects received dietary supplements of cream, safflower oil, and carbohydrate in random sequence, each prepared in flavored yogurt or milk. Each supplement was administered for 6 weeks and followed by a 4-week washout period of no supplementation. Dietary linoleic acid increased from 4.6 to 13% of energy intake when the safflower oil replaced cream, while saturated fat decreased from 16 to 10%. Total fat intake was 37 to 38% during the cream and safflower oil periods but was 28% during the carbohydrate period. Compliance with the diets was demonstrated by significant changes in fasting plasma fatty acid measurements. Mean clinic BP was 135 +/- 9/93 +/- 6 mm Hg at baseline. There were no significant differences in BP measured in the clinic or at home among the three dietary periods. The protocol had more than 80% power to detect a mean effect of diet of 3 mm Hg systolic or 2 mm Hg diastolic BP. Therefore, replacing dietary saturated fat with carbohydrate or with linoleic acid does not affect BP in subjects with mild hypertension.
Regional fat loss from the thigh in obese women after adrenergic modulation.$$$ Beta-adrenergic stimulation and alpha 2-adrenergic inhibition increase lipolysis from fat cells. Twenty-eight obese women were placed on a calorie-restricted diet and one of five treatments was applied to one thigh three to five times per week for four weeks: (1) isoproterenol injections$$$ (2) cream containing colforsin (forskolin), aminophylline, and yohimbine$$$ (3) yohimbine cream$$$ (4) colforsin cream$$$ or (5) aminophylline cream. The opposite thigh was treated with a placebo (injection or cream). The treated thighs lost significantly more girth after treatment, both by injection and by cream. No adverse reactions were attributable to either the cream or the injections. It is concluded that local fat reduction from the thigh can be safely accomplished.
Prophylactic topical 5-fluorouracil following treatment of human papillomavirus-associated lesions of the vulva and vagina.$$$ Ninety patients were studied in a controlled, randomized fashion to evaluate the effectiveness of topical 5-fluorouracil in reducing the recurrence rate of human papillomavirus-associated lesions of the vulva and vagina. Following complete ablation of the lesions by one or more treatment modalities, 45 patients applied a single dose of 5% 5-fluorouracil cream biweekly to the vagina and/or vulva for at least six months. Forty-five patients used no prophylactic 5-fluorouracil cream. Patients in both groups were comparable with regard to race, age, and immune status, as well as the number, location, duration, clinical appearance, histology, and prior treatment of the lesions. Six patients (13%) with 5-fluorouracil prophylaxis and 17 (38%) without additional treatment (P less than .01) developed recurrent lesions during a follow-up time of nine to 22 months (mean = 14.4 months). Maintenance therapy with 5-fluorouracil was most effective in women with multiple lesions, multiple organ involvement, or with a depressed immune system.
Comparison of plasma glucose, serum insulin, and C-peptide responses to three isocaloric breakfasts in non-insulin-dependent diabetic subjects.$$$ While differences in glucose and insulin responses to specific carbohydrate foods have been reported, few data are available for mixed meals incorporating such foods. This study compared the plasma glucose (PG), serum insulin (SI), and C-peptide (CP) responses to three different isocaloric test breakfasts given in random order to eight insulin-treated non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients. The test meals were selected from a hospital food exchange list and contained similar quantities of carbohydrate, protein, fat, and dietary fiber. The postprandial PG, SI, and CP responses to two of the test breakfasts (meal A: eggs, toasted wholemeal bread, orange juice, margarine, and milk$$$ meal B: wheatflake biscuits, toasted wholemeal bread, milk, and margarine) were similar (meal A: 104.3 +/- 23.0 mg X h X dl-1, 5996 +/- 1108 microU X min X ml-1, and 89.8 +/- 25.4 pmol X min X ml-1, respectively$$$ meal B: 104.9 +/- 21.6 mg X h X dl-1, 6268 +/- 1161 microU X min X ml-1, and 99.8 +/- 26.4 pmol X min X ml-1, respectively). Meal C, consisting of toasted muesli and skim milk, produced smaller glycemic and insulin responses (46.8 +/- 8.8 mg X h X dl-1$$$ P less than .02, and 4369 +/- 700 microU X min X ml-1$$$ P less than .05, respectively) than meals A and B and less endogenous insulin secretion (CP response 62.8 +/- 19.9 pmol X min X ml-1$$$ P less than .05 compared with meal A, NS compared with meal B). (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Dietary intake in the Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial (MRFIT): nutrient and food group changes over 6 years.$$$ The Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial (MRFIT) was a randomized clinical trial in the primary prevention of coronary heart disease. Middle-aged men determined to be at high risk for coronary heart disease were randomized into either a special intervention (SI) group or a group referred to usual sources of medical care (UC). Twenty-four hour dietary recall data were used to monitor the nutrient intake of the MRFIT population and guide the nutrition education program for the SI group. The SI group of participants decreased intake of dietary cholesterol by 40% and saturated fatty acids by more than one-fourth and increased intake of polyunsaturated fatty acids by one-third. Evaluation of SI dietary intake data by food groups indicates that some dietary changes were relatively easy to implement, whereas others presented more of a challenge. Changes made with relative ease included increasing the consumption of fish and poultry, skim and low-fat milk, polyunsaturated margarines and oils, fruits, and low-fat breads and cereals and reducing the consumption of egg yolks. More difficult changes included eliminating, or even reducing, the intake of high-fat beef and pork, high-fat cheeses, high-fat crackers, snacks, and desserts, and increasing the intake of vegetarian meat alternatives.
Failure of lactose-restricted diets to prevent radiation-induced diarrhea in patients undergoing whole pelvis irradiation.$$$ Sixty-four patients were randomized prior to pelvic radiotherapy into one of three dietary groups: the control group maintained a regular diet except that they drank at least 480 cc of milk daily$$$ the lactose-restricted group was placed on a lactose-restricted diet$$$ and the lactase group drank at least 480 cc of milk with lactase enzyme added to hydrolyze 90% of the lactose. The patients kept records of their stool frequency and the number of diphenoxylate tablets required to control their diarrhea during a 5 week course of standard whole pelvis irradiation. The data does not support the concept that one of the mechanisms of radiation-induced diarrhea associated with pelvic irradiation is a reduction the ability of the intestine to hydrolyze ingested lactose due to the effect of the radiation on the small intestine. There was not a significant difference in stool frequency or diphenoxylate usage among the dietary groups.
Double-blind randomised crossover trial comparing isosorbide dinitrate cream and oral sustained-release tablets in patients with angina pectoris.$$$ Percutaneous isosorbide dinitrate cream and sustained-release tablets were compared in a double-blind randomised crossover trial in 28 patients with coronary artery disease and chronic stable angina pectoris. Twenty-two patients completed the trial. Both preparations significantly increased the mean exercise time to the onset of angina (P less than 0.001) and to termination of exercise (P less than 0.001) compared to the pre-treatment period. There were no significant differences between the cream and tablets with respect to frequency of anginal attacks, glyceryl trinitrate consumption, heart rate and ST segment depression at the onset of angina, ST segment depression at maximal exercise and the double product of heart rate and systolic blood pressure at maximal exercise. Equal numbers of patients expressed preference for cream and tablets. We conclude that in this group of patients isosorbide dinitrate sustained-release tablets have no clinical advantage over isosorbide dinitrate cream which, may, therefore, be of particular value for those patients with angina pectoris who dislike taking tablets or who prefer this form of nitrate preparation.
A clinicopathologic study of primary adenoid cystic carcinoma of the lacrimal gland.$$$ A retrospective study of 26 patients with the diagnosis of primary adenoid cystic carcinoma of the lacrimal gland was performed with use of randomly selected tissue from each tumor. An attempt was made to determine any associations among clinical presentation, survival, and tumor histologic patterns. We found that lower tumor grades were associated with a predominantly Swiss-cheese (cribriform) pattern. Both lower tumor grade and Swiss-cheese pattern were associated with longer survival. The basaloid (solid) pattern or bone invasion was not associated with a shorter survival. Between men and women, there were no differences in clinical presentation, histologic patterns, or survival. Survival was not affected by surgical or radiation therapy.
[Reduction of body weight on diets with high butter or margarine content. II. Effect on blood lipid levels].$$$ The effect of a fat-modified reduction diet with predominantly butter (diet T) respectively margarine (diet P) on the lipid metabolism was studied. The study was carried out on 30 subjects over two periods each lasting 21 days. An improvement of serum cholesterol and -triglycerides, LDL- and VLDL-cholesterol was found regardless of the diet. The proportion of HDL in serum cholesterol increased, the atherogenic index was improved.
Sucrose taken during mixed meal has no additional hyperglycaemic action over isocaloric amounts of starch in well-controlled diabetics.$$$ The hyperglycaemic effect of 20 g sucrose taken at the end of a regular mixed meal by diabetic patients was measured in six adult type 1 diabetics, C-peptide negative, controlled by the artificial pancreas, and twelve adult type 2 diabetics, with fasting plasma glucose levels below 7.2 mmol/l (130 mg/100 ml) and post-prandial plasma glucose levels below 10.0 mmol/l (180 mg/100 ml), treated by diet alone or with glibenclamide and/or metformin. All the patients were given on consecutive days, in random order, two mixed meals of grilled meat, green beans, and cheese, as well as a cake made either of rice, skimmed milk, and saccharine (meal A) or rice, skimmed milk, and 20 g sucrose (meal B). The meals contained equal amounts of calories and of carbohydrate. There was no difference between the meals in plasma glucose curves and plasma insulin or insulin infusion rate variations whether in peak values, peaking times, or areas under the curves, in either group of patients. Sparing use of sucrose taken during mixed meals might help well-controlled diabetic patients to comply with their daily dietary prescription while maintaining good blood glucose control.
Propranolol in pregnancy three year prospective study.$$$ We compared propranolol with methyldopa in a randomized prospective study of 28 women with pregnancy associated hypertension. Both drugs were equally effective in controlling maternal hypertension. There was no significant difference in the birthweights of the babies in each group. However one infant born to a mother receiving propranolol had symptomatic hypoglycaemia. The mean peak levels of propranolol, propranolol glucuronide, 4-hydroxypropranolol, and 4-hydroxypropranolol glucuronide were not significantly different in the first, second, third trimesters and at least 3 months post partum. The mean peak plasma level of naphthoxylactic acid however was significantly less in the third trimester compared with post partum levels. Propranolol and its metabolites were found to cross into breast milk with the maximum dose likely to be ingested by the infant as either propranolol or propranolol glucuronide being 7 micrograms of propranolol per 100 g of breast milk, being approximately 0.1% of the maternal dose.
The effect of fermented and unfermented milks on serum cholesterol.$$$ Groups of 10 to 13 healthy volunteers were provided with 11 supplements of 2% butterfat milk (2% milk), whole milk, skim milk, yogurt, buttermilk, and sweet acidophilus milk daily for a 3-wk period. Despite increases in caloric intakes on all supplements, no significant increases were found in total, low-density, and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. A significant weight gain was seen in subjects taking yogurt and acidophilus groups$$$ these were the only two groups showing significant rises in triglyceride levels. These results in normal volunteers focus attention on the current practice of recommending only skim or 2% milk for hyperlipidemic individuals.
Nutrition education in supermarkets: an unsuccessful attempt to influence knowledge and product sales.$$$ Although much evidence links dietary patterns with coronary heart disease, effective and economical methods for inducing dietary change in nonclinical populations are needed to influence public health. This study was designed as a preliminary investigation of the feasibility of conducting effective nutrition education campaigns in supermarket settings. Eight supermarkets from a supermarket chain in the Twin Cities area participated. Four were assigned to an experimental condition in which educational materials consisting of posters, recipes, and brochures were placed in the dairy section during a 6-month period. Four other stores were assigned to a control condition and received no educational materials. Shoppers in experimental and control stores completed a nutrition survey pre- and post-intervention. In addition, sales data for 25 dairy products were collected during a 10-month period. A significant increase in knowledge on the nutrition survey between pre- and posttests occurred among shoppers in all stores. There was no significant knowledge or product sales effect due to the education campaign. Study results suggest that, overall, shopper knowledge of food selections for cardiovascular disease risk reduction is high and improving. Unfortunately, knowledge is often not reflected in food purchase patterns.
Prophylaxis of radiation dermatitis with a topical cortisone cream.$$$ Nineteen cancer patients receiving radiation therapy to the head, neck, chest wall, or abdomen were evaluated in a double-blind study to determine the effectiveness of 0.2% hydrocortisone valerate vs. placebo in reducing acute radiation dermatitis. Patients applied hydrocortisone valerate to one-half of the irradiate area and the placebo to the other half beginning two weeks after the initiation of radiotherapy and continuing until three weeks after completion. Left and right sides were scored each week with respect to erythema, dry desquamation, moist desquamation, ulceration, and the duration and intensity of symptoms such as soreness, burning, and itching. No statistically significant difference was found between the 0.2% hydrocortisone valerate and the placebo in the acute skin response or the symptoms of radiation dermatitis. The patients were evaluated three months following radiotherapy for evidence of skin atrophy. There were no differences found between hydrocortisone valerate and the placebo with respect to the late effects of radiation therapy.
The influence of topical steroid application on tuberculin skin reactions in healthy persons.$$$ Thirty-seven healthy persons were studied in order to evaluate the influence of topical steroid application on tuberculin skin reactions. Four areas measuring 4 cm in diameter were each treated with 50 micrograms of hydrocortisone cream 1%, or 50% micrograms of halcinonide (Halog) cream 0.1%, or 50 micrograms of unguentum cetacei simplex (cold cream), or not treated. The creams were applied once daily for 3 days before and one day after a tuberculin skin test. After 24 and 48 hours the area of induration were measured. We observed that application of unguentum cetacei simplex increased the size of the induration at the 24-hour reading, but not after 48 hours. Hydrocortisone cream 1% gave the same effect, whereas halcinonide cream (Halog) 0.1% caused ischaemia of the skin and reduced the induration of the skin test after 24 hours, but not after 48 hours. In 12 persons we found that simple rubbing of the skin with halcinonide cream base did not affect the size of the tuberculin skin reaction. In the present study we found that even very potent local steroid application on intact skin could only delay the development of tuberculin skin reactions, but could not diminish their size.
New possibilities to influence blood lipids and atherosclerosis-proneness with semi-synthetic fats.$$$ Notwithstanding the universally accepted concept that atherosclerosis is a multifactorial disease, our research since thirty years convinced us of the validity of the fat diet theory in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis. Experiments with semi-synthetic fats enable us to stress the importance of quantitatively and qualitatively modified fat diets, not only in their fatty acid composition, but also in the specific triglyceride structure. Experiences comparing randomized butterfat with natural butterfat and administration of polyunsaturated fatty acid rich fats with monoglycerides, led to comprehensive explanations about the mechanism of monoglyceride assimilation and about the beneficial effect of randomized butterfat in long term experiments.
Is the failure of (-)deprenyl, a selective monoamine oxidase B inhibitor, to alleviate depression related to freedom from the cheese effect?.$$$ The selective monoamine oxidase (MAO) B inhibitor (-)deprenyl failed to produce any greater benefit than placebo in a limited double-blind trial conducted in depressive patients. Its relative freedom from the so-called cheese effect was confirmed, however, in drug-treated patients challenged IV with tyramine. There is evidence to suggest that this cheese effect, a facilitated tyramine-induced hypertensive response, is pharmacologically distinct from MAO inhibition proper. Thus, it is conceivable that its central counterpart, an enhanced noradrenaline release due to the access of traces of tyramine to the CNS, is a prerequisite for any therapeutic benefit obtainable with the MAO-inhibitory drugs in general.
Hypocholesterolemic effect of substituting soybean protein for animal protein in the diet of healthy young women.$$$ The effect of dietary protein on the level of plasma cholesterol in young, healthy, normolipidemic women was investigated in two separate studies by feeding either a conventional diet containing mixed protein, or a plant protein diet in which the animal protein of the first diet was replaced by soy protein meat analogues and soy milk. The diets were similar with respect to carbohydrate, fat and sterol composition. The first study, lasting 73 days and involving six subjects, gave an indication that plasma cholesterol levels were lower on the plant protein diet. The second study, which incorporated a number of improvements based on experience, lasted 78 days and used a cross-over design involving two groups of five subjects each. In this study, the mean plasma cholesterol level was found to be significantly lower on the plant protein diet.
Cerium nitrate-silver sulfadiazine cream in the treatment of burns: a prospective, randomized study.$$$ In a prospective, randomized study of 34 patients with thermal burns, treatment with the topical agent Cerium nitrate-silver sulfadiazine was compared with therapy with silver sulfadiazine alone. Despite randomization, there was a significant difference in mean burn size, being larger in the silver sulfadiazine group. There was no significant difference between the two groups in clinical course, mortality, septic deaths, or quantitative microbiology of the burn wound. It is concluded that from these preliminary data no clearcut superiority for one cream over the other can be demonstrated at this time.
Effectiveness of topical steroids in the control of radiation dermatitis: a randomised trial using 1% hydrocortisone cream and 0.05% clobetasone butyrate (Eumovate).$$$ Radiation dermatitis often presents as a problem for patients and radiotherapists during treatment. Topical corticosteroids have been shown to have an anti-inflammatory effect in the treatment of many skin diseases and are commonly prescribed during a course of radiation treatment. A comparison of two different steroid creams, 1% hydrocortisone cream and 0.05% clobetasone butyrate (Eumovate), in a double blind trial was carried out in 54 patients undergoing radiation therapy for breast cancer. 'The cream' was administered when patients reached a given dose of 2000 rad (or earlier if required) whether a skin reaction was present or not. The aim of the trial was to evaluate the general effectiveness of steroids in controlling radiation dermatitis and whether one type of cream was superior to the other. The majority of patients using either cream derived benefit in its soothing effect. There was, however, a significant difference in the intensity of reactions seen, patients using clobetasone butyrate developed more severe radiation reactions despite both groups having similar radiation doses. The possibility of two differing populations having different responses to radiation is discussed as is the 'breakthrough phenomenon' described in the literature. It is concluded that neither cream should be used as first choice in the control of radiation dermatitis.
Lactation and pregnancy in Iran. I. Social and economic aspects.$$$ Adequacy of lactation was assessed in Teheran women of low (LSE) and lower-middle (MSE) socioeconomic status in the third month postpartum, as part of a study linking nutrition, hormonal status, and lactation. Methods of assessment of nutritional adequacy are discussed. Characteristics of the socioeconomic groups, infant mortality, food beliefs related to lactation, and supplemental feeding practices are described. Of the LSE mothers 15 to 30% and of the MSE mothers 40 to 55% had a fully adequate milk supply in the third month. Substitutes used and affordable by the LSE were nutritionally inadequate. LSE mothers were traditional in their food beliefs. MSE mothers demonstrate the influence of scientific nutrition knowledge. The low percentage of lactation adequacy even in the MSE indicates that other social or health factors associated with urban living conditions may be just as important as economic and nutritional factors in lactation failure.
The effect of a fish diet on serum lipids in healthy human subjects.$$$ A cross-over study was done with 19 male and 23 female volunteers living in a monastery and a convent, respectively. The effect of a fat gish (mackerel) diet on the blood serum lipid composition was studied. As the normal diet of these volunteers was of the lacto-ovo-vegetarian type, a control diet in which the fish was replaced by full-fat cheese was used. Subjects consuming the fish diet had a daily uptake of polyunsaturated acids of the omega3 family of about 8 g$$$ comparable amounts of linoleic acid were ingested with both diets. Both diets were consumed for a period of 3 weeks. Serum cholesterol was slightly but significantly (7.5%) lower and serum triglycerides considerably lower (35%) on the fish diet, whereas high density lipoprotein cholesterol increased slightly. Lipoprotein analysis showed a strong very low density lipoprotein decrease by the fish diet while, in the men, both low and high density lipoproteins increased. The fatty acid composition of serum lipids showed considerable differences$$$ C20:5omega3 increased in all fractions and C22:6omega3 was found in the triglycerides and the phospholipids, but not in the sterol esters. These increases occurred chiefly at the expense of C18:1omega9 and, in particular, C18:2omega6, which indicates a replacement of omega6 by omega3 acids. Long-chain monoenoic acids which are abundant in the mackerel were not detected in any serum lipid fraction.
Dietary factors and esophageal cancer in the Caspian Littoral of Iran.$$$ A study was undertaken to attempt to relate the distribution of exogenous factors to the varying incidences of esophageal cancer in the Caspian Littoral of Iran. For the study, 38 villages were chosen by random sampling in 14 regions defined by their esophageal cancer incidence and environmental characteristics. Information was obtained on the dietary, social, and cultural features of each village. In addition, an extensive 5-day study of 6 randomly selected households in each of the 38 villages was conducted. The study consisted of measured dietary intake, a historical food consumption questionnaire, and clinical examinations of adult occupants. Preliminary results show no single factor responsible for the etiology of esophageal cancer. However, there were some major dietary differences between the regions of different esophageal cancer risk. Bread was the chief staple food in high-incidence areas$$$ rice, in low-incidence areas. In high-incidence areas, there was a low intake of vitamins A and C, riboflavin, animal protein, and fresh vegetables and fruit, but a greater consumption of sheeps and goat's milk. Analyses of food samples for aflatoxins, polycylic aromatic hydrocarbons, and nitrosamines showed low levels of these carcinogens in areas of high and low incidences. The use of tobacco and alcohol was not found to be of significance.
Plasma lipid changes in young adult couples consuming polyunsaturated meats and dairy products.$$$ Twenty-five young couples consumed either a saturated or polyunsaturated fat diet for a 20-week period. The polyunsaturated beef, lamb and dairy products, high in linoleic acid, were produced by feeding ruminant animals "protected lipid" feeds which prevent hydrogenation of fats in the rumen. The experimental design provided for four dietary groups: A) saturated diet for 20 weeks$$$ B) polyunsaturated diet for 20 weeks$$$ C) saturated diet for 10 weeks then polyunsaturated diet for 10 weeks$$$ and D) polyunsaturated for 10 weeks then saturated diet for 10 weeks. Polyunsaturated-to-saturated ratios (linoleic: total saturated fatty acids) for the diets were: prestudy, 0.43-0.56$$$ saturated 0.11-0.14$$$ polyunsaturated, 0.56-0.62. Factors other than diet that appeared to affect cholesterol responses were carefully considered. During the initial 3 weeks (regimentation period) plasma cholesterol concentration decreased in all groups irrespective of diet. This was followed by two experimental periods in which the effects of the prescribed diets were readily apparent (response periods I and II). The final 4 weeks of the study were characterized by diminishing compliance with the dietary discipline (abatement period). Subjects in each group (A,B,C,D) were subdivided into high and low on a basis of each group's initial median cholesterol level. Those in the high subgroups were very responsive to dietary changes whereas those in the low subgroups were not. Combined responses of high subjects were: polyunsaturated diet, -10.7 mg/dl (P less than 0.025), saturated diet, d8 mg/dl (P less than 0.05). Combined difference between saturated and polyunsaturated diets was 18.5 mg/dl or approximately a 10% cholesterol difference between the experimental polyunsaturated and saturated diets.
Effect of the essential oils of garlic and onion on alimentary hyperlipemia.$$$ SUMMARY: The effect of garlic and onion on alimentary hyperlipemia, induced by feeding 100 g butter, has been studied in 10 healthy subjects. The freshly extracted juice of 50 g of garlic or onion, as well as an equivalent amount of their ether-extracted essential oils, was administered randomly on four different days during a one-week period. Garlic and onion have a significant protective action against fat-induced increases in serum cholesterol and plasma fibrinogen and decreases in coagulation time and fibrinolytic activity. The essential oil fraction, which contains all the taste and odour, exactly duplicated the beneficial effects of whole garlic and onion. It is, therefore, concluded that the active principle of garlic and onion is the essential oil, which chemically is a combination of sulphur-containing compounds, mainly allyl propyl disulphide and diallyl disulphide.
"Added lactose" and "added sucrose" cow's milk formulae in nutrition of low birthweight babies.$$$ During the manufacture of dried milks for infant feeding the composition of cow's milk may be modified by the addition of extra carbohydrate powder to lower the relative proportions of protein and minerals, and in practice various carbohydrates are used in a largely empirical manner. In other circumstances it is known that the quality of dietary carbohydrate affects intestinal tolerance, deposition of body fat (in rats), and concentrations of plasma lipids (in man). Therefore, in this study the effects of feeding newborn infants on added lactose formula and added sucrose formula have been investigated. 29 low birthweight babies were observed throughout the first 3 months of life. The added carbohydrate achieved a satisfactory composition in terms of mineral and protein concentration of the reconstituted milk, but the "added lactose" group experienced more diarrhoea and a greater degree of metabolic acidosis during the first week of life. The added lactose group was slightly fatter and the plasma triglyceride concentration slightly higher than in the "added sucrose" group. Despite teleological evidence in favour of lactose, we found no objective contraindication to the addition of sucrose to cow's milk in the manufacture of infant feeding formulae. Both milks contained only small quantities of linoleic acid and the polyunsaturated fatty acid content of the plasma and adipose tissue lipids fell to low levels, but no clinical evidence of "essential fatty acid deficiency" was found.
Plasma lipids and lipoproteins in vegetarians and controls.$$$ The possible effect of diet on plasma lipids was investigated in a group of vegetarians. Seventy-three men and 43 women who had adhered to a vegetarian diet for an average of three years were studied in the fasting state and compared with a randomly selected group of controls matched for age and sex. Mean cholesterol levels in milligrams per deciliter for vegetarians and controls, respectively, were 126 and 184$$$ low-density lipoprotein, 73 and 118$$$ very-low-density lipoprotein, 11.8 and 17.2$$$ high-density lipoproteins, 42 and 49$$$ and mean triglyceride levels 59 and 86. Mean weight and subscapular skinfold thicknesses were 58 kg and 6 mm for vegetarians and 73 kg and 17 mm for controls. Similar differences in lipid levels were found between subgroups of 42 vegetarians and controls with identical mean weights. Multiple regression analyses showed that consumption of dairy foods and eggs, but not body weight, was associated with the lipoprotein and cholesterol findings.
