Scalp psoriasis: report of efficient treatment with secukinumab.$$$ Psoriasis is a chronic inflammatory skin disease affecting 2-3% of the population in the world. The scalp is the most common, and frequently the first site of disease involvement. Occasionally it may be the only localization of psoriasis. Treatment of scalp psoriasis is often unsatisfactory, due to limited available topical therapy and reduced efficacy of some systemic drugs. Biologic therapies are recommended for severe psoriasis, resistant to topical treatment, but evidence from randomized, controlled studies is lacking regarding effectiveness on scalp-localized lesions. Several clinical studies have shown the efficacy of secukinumab on plaque psoriasis, and some encouraging experience suggest the use in difficult sites such as the scalp; this article reports effective treatment with secukinumab of a series of patients with plaque and scalp psoriasis.
Certolizumab Pegol for the Treatment of Moderate to Severe Plaque Psoriasis: 16-Week Results from a Phase 2/3 Japanese Study.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Certolizumab pegol (CZP), the Fc-free, PEGylated anti-tumor necrosis factor, is approved for the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis (PSO) in Western countries and in Japan, among other indications., METHODS: We report results from the first 16 weeks of a 52-week phase 2/3 trial of CZP in Japanese patients with PSO. Patients >= 20 years with PSO >= 6 months (Psoriasis Area and Severity Index [PASI] >= 12, body surface area affected >= 10%, and Physician's Global Assessment [PGA] >= 3 on a 5-point scale) were randomized 2:2:1 to CZP 400 mg every 2 weeks (Q2W), CZP 200 mg Q2W (400 mg weeks 0/2/4), or placebo Q2W. Outcomes assessed to week 16: PASI 75, PASI 90, PGA 0/1 (Markov chain Monte Carlo), Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI 0/1) and Itch Numeric Rating Scale (INRS 0) (non-responder imputation), and DLQI and INRS change from baseline (last observation carried forward). Safety data were reported for patients receiving >= 1 dose of study medication through weeks 0-16; adverse events were evaluated using Medical Dictionary for Regulatory Activities version 18.1., RESULTS: A total of 127 patients were randomized to CZP 400 mg Q2W (N = 53), CZP 200 mg Q2W (N = 48), placebo (N = 26). Week 16 responder rates for CZP 400 mg/200 mg Q2W versus placebo were 87.1%/73.0% versus 7.9% for PASI 75; 75.7%/53.8% versus 0.2% for PASI 90; 66.7%/52.7% versus 0.0% for PGA 0/1 (all p < 0.0001 for both CZP doses versus placebo). Significant improvements in DLQI and INRS were reported at week 16 by patients receiving both CZP doses compared with placebo (p < 0.0001). Incidence of treatment-emergent adverse events within the CZP 400 mg Q2W, CZP 200 mg Q2W, and placebo groups were 326.1, 404.9, and 682.4 per 100 patient-years. No new safety signals were identified compared to previously reported data., CONCLUSION: CZP dosed at 400 mg or 200 mg Q2W was associated with improved PSO signs and symptoms., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier, NCT03051217.
Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Inflammatory Bowel Disease Adverse Events with Anti-Interleukin 17A Agents and Tumor Necrosis Factor Inhibitors in Rheumatic Disease and Skin Psoriasis.$$$ INTRODUCTION: The aim of this work is to perform a systematic review and meta-analysis of anti-tumor necrosis factor (anti-TNF) and anti-interleukin-17 (anti-IL-17) trials for spondyloarthritis, psoriatic arthritis, and psoriasis comparing rates of inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) events compared to placebo., METHODS: MEDLINE, EMBASE, and The Cochrane Library were searched for double-blind, randomized placebo-controlled anti-TNF and anti-IL-17 trials of included diseases. Inflammatory bowel disease events from the RCT period were pooled and meta-analyzed using statistical methods suitable for low-event-rate meta-analysis (Peto's, Mantel-Haenszel, hypergeometric-normal model, and Shuster-Guo-Skyler). When observed data were insufficient, we performed an exploratory sensitivity analysis to compare methods., RESULTS: We identified 9551 original papers, and included 96 publications: 65 anti-TNF and 31 anti-IL-17 trials, containing 21 new and 12 flare IBD events in 28,209 participants. New IBD on anti-IL-17 occurred 0.23/100 patient-years (PY) in psoriasis, 0.61/100 PY in PsA and 1.63/100 PY in spondyloarthritis, rates similar to observational cohorts, and less commonly on anti-TNF (0/100 PY, 0/100 PY, 0.32/100 PY, respectively). No evidence of difference between groups was found, with wide CI from many pooled counts of zero, especially in placebo arms., CONCLUSIONS: IBD events were rare, occurring at rates similar to biologic-naive groups. We could not find statistically significant differences in risk of new or recurrent IBD between treatment and control groups using selected meta-analytical methods for low event rate scenarios. Meta-analyses of this topic require more IBD events, ideally without pooling heterogeneous groups. Larger, thoroughly reported trials with systematic and detailed safety reporting are required to improve risk estimation and to make accurate inferences. Copyright © 2021. The Author(s).
Safety and Efficacy of Risankizumab and Infliximab in the Treatment of Plaque Psoriasis: Results From a Direct and Indirect Meta-Analysis.$$$ The objective of our study was to compare a potent drug of the anti-TNF class family, infliximab, with a potent drug of the IL-inhibitors family, risankizumab, in terms of efficacy and safety endpoints. Online databases were searched for relevant placebo-controlled, randomized trials. The following efficacy outcomes were included: PASI-75, PASI-90, and sPGA, as well as the incidence of any adverse events and serious adverse events. The risk ratios (RR) with the respective 95% confidence intervals (CIs) of different psoriasis scores were pooled in a meta-analysis model, using the Mantel-Haenszel method. The combined risk ratios (RR) showed that infliximab and risankizumab are effective in increasing the number of patients with more than 75% improvement in the PASI (RR= 26.68, 95% CI [14.98, 47.51] p<0.001) and (RR= 10.17, 95% CI [7.24, 14.30] p<0.001), respectively. Test for subgroup differences showed that risankizumab is more effective. Regarding PASI-90 outcome, risankizumab and infliximab are more effective than placebo (RR= 26.22, 95% CI [14.20, 48.41], p<0.001), and (RR= 15.18, 95% CI [8.72, 26.45], p<0.001) respectively. The results showed that risankizumab does not cause significant serious adverse events (RR = 0.59, 95% CI [0.31, 1.13], p=0.12) while, on the other hand, infliximab causes significant serious adverse events (RR = 2.30, 95% CI [1.08, 4.88], p=0.03). The test of subgroup difference showed that risankizumab is safer (p<0.001). Analysis of the incidence of any adverse events showed that risankizumab is safer as well (p=0.007). Infection rates were similar among both drugs (p=0.05). In conclusion, risankizumab is preferred for the treatment of psoriasis than infliximab, and is significantly more effective and safe. Copyright © 2021, Almohideb et al.
Efficacy and Safety of Netakimab, A Novel Anti-IL-17 Monoclonal Antibody, in Patients with Moderate to Severe Plaque Psoriasis. Results of A 54-Week Randomized Double-Blind Placebo-Controlled PLANETA Clinical Trial.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Netakimab (NTK), an original humanized anti-interleukin-17 monoclonal antibody, showed therapeutic efficacy in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis in a phase 2 clinical study. Herein we report the results of 54 weeks of a phase 3 PLANETA trial aimed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of two NTK regimens vs. placebo., METHODS: Two hundred thirteen patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis were randomly assigned to receive NTK 120 mg once every 2 weeks (NTK Q2W), NTK 120 mg once every 4 weeks (NTK Q4W) or placebo. During the first 3 weeks, patients received subcutaneous injections of NTK or placebo (according to the allocation) once a week. Patients in the NTK Q2W group then received NTK at weeks 4, 6, 8 and 10. Subjects in the NTK Q4W group received NTK at weeks 6 and 10 and placebo at weeks 4 and 8. Patients in the placebo group received placebo injections at weeks 4, 6, 8 and 10. Treatment was unblinded at week 12. During the open-label phase, patients in both NTK groups continued to receive NTK Q4W. The primary efficacy endpoint was the proportion of patients in each group who achieved a >= 75% reduction from baseline in psoriasis area and severity index (PASI 75) at week 12., RESULTS: A total of 77.7%, 83.3% and 0% of patients had a PASI 75 response at week 12 in the NTK Q2W, NTK Q4W and placebo groups, respectively (P < 0.0001, Fisher's exact test, ITT). The effect was maintained throughout the 1-year treatment. NTK showed a good safety profile and low immunogenicity., CONCLUSION: Treatment with NTK results in high rates of sustained clinical response in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. The study is ongoing; thus, long-term use efficacy and safety data are forthcoming., CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: The trial is registered at the US National Institutes of Health (ClinicalTrials.gov; NCT03390101). Copyright © 2021. The Author(s).
Decreased Injection Site Pain Associated with Phosphate-Free Etanercept Formulation in Rheumatoid Arthritis or Psoriatic Arthritis Patients: A Randomized Controlled Trial.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Etanercept, a tumor necrosis factor inhibitor, is used to treat rheumatoid arthritis (RA) and psoriatic arthritis (PsA), and is administered via subcutaneous injection. Injection site pain (ISP) associated with subcutaneous administration may affect compliance or hinder initiation of prescribed medications. To improve the patient experience, a new phosphate-free formulation of etanercept was evaluated for reduced ISP associated with administration., METHODS: This phase 3b, multicenter, randomized, double-blind, cross-over study compared the prior formulation of etanercept to a phosphate-free formulation. Etanercept-naive adults with RA or PsA indicated for treatment with etanercept were eligible. Patients were randomized (1:1) to receive both etanercept formulations (50 mg) in one of two crossover sequences: prior formulation followed by phosphate-free formulation (sequence AB) or phosphate-free formulation followed by prior formulation (sequence BA) at visits 1 week apart. Patients self-reported ISP using a fit-for-purpose 100-mm visual analog scale within 30 s after injection. Safety outcomes included incidence of treatment-emergent adverse events. Mixed-effects analysis of variance model was used to assess ISP, with treatment, study period, sequence, and disease indication as fixed-effect covariates and patient-within-sequence as random effect., RESULTS: A total of 111 patients enrolled (56 sequence AB; 55 sequence BA). Mean ISP score for prior formulation was 23.1 mm and for phosphate-free formulation was 19.1 mm (mean difference - 4 mm; 95% confidence interval: - 8.0, 0.0; P = 0.048). Patients with the highest ISP scores from the prior formulation (by quartile cut points) had the largest reduction in pain with phosphate-free formulation. Injection site reactions were few in number and similar between formulations; no new safety signals were observed., CONCLUSIONS: The new phosphate-free formulation of etanercept had statistically significantly lower mean pain scores than the prior formulation, with largest pain reductions observed among patients who reported highest pain with the prior formulation., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT02986139., FUNDING: Amgen Inc, Thousand Oaks, CA USA.
Treatment of Genital Psoriasis: A Systematic Review.$$$ Genital psoriasis affects approximately 63% of psoriasis patients at least once in their lifetime. More than any other area on the body, genital lesions significantly impair patients' psychologic well-being and quality of life. We aimed to systematically review the published evidence on the safety, efficacy, and tolerability of treatments of genital psoriasis and synthesize the available clinical data. A total of 1 randomized controlled trial, 11 open-label studies, and 26 case reports were included in our analysis, representing a total of 458 patients, of which 332 were adults and 126 were children. Topical corticosteroids were commonly used first-line for genital psoriasis and were well tolerated. Nonsteroidal agents, such as topical calcineurin inhibitors or vitamin D analogs, were also efficacious, but were often irritating. One systemic agent, ixekizumab, demonstrated efficacy in reducing genital psoriasis symptoms in a large, randomized, placebo-controlled trial. Various systemic and topical medications may improve genital psoriasis lesions, but there is a lack of high-quality evidence to guide clinical decision-making. Specific reporting of efficacy for genital psoriasis in larger controlled studies of psoriasis treatments are necessary to improve the available evidence regarding the optimal treatment regimen for genital psoriasis.
Assessing the Quality and Coherence of Network Meta-Analyses of Biologics in Plaque Psoriasis: What Does All This Evidence Synthesis Tell Us?.$$$ INTRODUCTION: A range of treatments are available for moderate-to-severe psoriasis; however, there remains a paucity of direct comparisons of these in head-to-head trials. Network meta-analyses (NMA) allow comparisons of these to support clinical decision making. This systematic literature review assesses the methodological quality of NMAs available for moderate-to-severe psoriasis and compares their methods and results. Their validity and applicability for current practice is also assessed., METHODS: A systematic review of published NMAs of at least two biologics for moderate-to-severe psoriasis was undertaken. Embase, MEDLINE, MEDLINE In-Process, and the Cochrane Library were last searched on 19 February 2020. The quality of NMAs was assessed using the International Society of Pharmacoeconomics and Outcomes Research (ISPOR) criteria. NMA methodology, funding, and results were compared and differences in results explored., RESULTS: Twenty-five analyses evaluating up to 19 different treatments at 8-24 weeks, and two analyses at 1 year, were included. Psoriasis Area Severity Index (PASI) response was assessed in 23, facilitating comparisons between NMAs. All NMAs met at least half of the ISPOR criteria. The major limitations were explaining the rationale for methodology, exploring effect modifiers, and consistency between direct and indirect estimates. The analyses differed in model type (Bayesian or frequentist), analysis of PASI response (binomial or multinomial), and analysis of different treatment doses (separate or pooled). PASI results were broadly similar, except for the Cochrane Collaboration NMA which provided lower estimates of treatment efficacy versus placebo. This analysis differed methodologically from others, including pooling data for different doses., CONCLUSIONS: Based on PASI 90 at induction, the majority of recent NMAs came to similar conclusions: interleukin (IL) 17 inhibitors (brodalumab, ixekizumab, secukinumab), IL-23 inhibitors (guselkumab and risankizumab) and infliximab were most efficacious, supporting the validity of NMAs in this clinical area. Decisions should be made using high-quality, up-to-date NMAs with assumptions relevant to clinical practice.
New biologics and small molecules in inflammatory bowel disease: an update.$$$ Inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) is a spectrum of immune-mediated inflammatory disorders with a complex multifactorial pathogenesis, where different pathways may predominate in different individuals. This complexity will most likely require a panoply of drugs targeting different pathways if one wants to treat to steroid-free sustained remission and mucosal healing. Presently, the mainstay of medical management of IBD is based on 5-aminosalicylates, corticosteroids, thiopurines, methotrexate, antitumor necrosis factor, anti-alpha4 beta7 (alpha4beta7) integrin and anti-interleukin (IL)-12/IL-23 therapies. The discovery of new pathways involved in the pathogenesis of IBD resulted in new drugs targeting Janus kinase/signal transducers and activators of transcription, IL-6, spingosine-1-phosphate, and phosphodiesterase 4, among others. These new therapies might result in more advantageous safety profiles. Several of these new drugs have already been successfully tested in other inflammatory disorders, such as psoriasis or rheumatoid arthritis. In this review, evidence from phase II and phase III randomized controlled clinical trials in patients with IBD involving new biologicals and small molecules are summarized.
Secukinumab induced Behcet's syndrome: a report of two cases.$$$ Secukinumab is a human monoclonal antibody against IL-17A that has been shown to be effective in psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis and ankylosing spondylitis (AS). On the other hand, in randomized controlled trials among patients with Crohn's disease (CD) and uveitis due to Behcet's syndrome (BS) treated with secukinumab, primary end points were not met and the drug caused more exacerbations compared to placebo. The drug fact sheet states that secukinumab should be used with caution in patients with CD; however, there are no warnings for those with BS. Here, we present two patients with AS treated with secukinumab; we observed exacerbation of BS in one and emergence of de novo BS in another. Although IL-17A is thought to contribute to the pathogenesis of BS, our observations suggest that it might have a protective role. Finally, we suggest caution is required with the inhibition of IL-17 in BS.
Efficacy and Safety of Subcutaneous Secukinumab 150 mg with or Without Loading Regimen in Psoriatic Arthritis: Results from the FUTURE 4 Study.$$$ INTRODUCTION: To assess the efficacy and safety of the subcutaneous (s.c.) secukinumab 150 mg with loading (150 mg) or without loading (150 mg no-load) regimen through 104 weeks in patients with active psoriatic arthritis (PsA) in the FUTURE 4 (NCT02294227) study., METHODS: Patients with PsA (N = 341) were randomized to s.c. secukinumab 150 mg, 150 mg no-load or placebo at baseline, weeks 1, 2, 3 and every 4 weeks thereafter. All placebo patients were reassigned to secukinumab 150 mg no-load at either week 16 (non-responders) or week 24 (responders). The primary end point was ACR20 at week 16. Patients could have their dose escalated from 150 to 300 mg based on their physician's decision starting at week 36. Pre- and post-escalation ACR and PASI responses were also assessed., RESULTS: A total of 95.6% (326/341), 84.5% (288/341) and 79.8% (272/341) patients completed 16, 52 and 104 weeks of treatment, respectively. The primary end point was met; ACR20 response rate at week 16 was 41.2% and 39.8% with the 150 mg and 150 mg no-load groups, respectively, versus placebo (18.4%; adjusted P value = 0.0003 for both treatment arms). Efficacy responses observed at week 16 in both treatment regimens were sustained up to week 52 and 104, with many patients continuing to show improvements up to week 104. After dose escalation to 300 mg, the proportion of patients with non-/low-level ACR/PASI response decreased with increasing proportions of patients having higher ACR/PASI responses. No new or unexpected safety signals were reported., CONCLUSION: The secukinumab 150 mg or 150 mg no-load regimen demonstrated significant and sustained improvements in the signs and symptoms of psoriatic arthritis through 104 weeks; the loading regimen was associated with numerically higher and earlier responses for some high-hurdle end points. Improved efficacy was observed upon dose escalation from 150 to 300 mg. The safety profile was consistent with previous reports., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier, NCT02294227., FUNDING: Novartis Pharma AG, Basel, Switzerland.
Off-Label Treatments for Pediatric Psoriasis: Lessons for the Clinic.$$$ Psoriasis is a chronic inflammatory skin disease that affects up to 1.2% of children and adolescents. The treatment options for childhood psoriasis are often based on the same principles as in adults. However, most data on safety and efficacy derive from adult studies, and only a few of the frequently used treatments have achieved approval for use in children. The aim of this study was to review the current literature on off-label treatments for psoriasis in children and adolescents. We searched PubMed and identified 50 studies on off-label treatments. Of these, 23 studies were clinical trials (four randomized). There are only a small number of available studies on off-label treatments for children and adolescents with psoriasis, and many of these are retrospective reviews with few participants. Despite the current lack of studies, we still recommend the use of unapproved treatments since we have clinical experience with treatments such as topical corticosteroids, vitamin D analogs, and methotrexate that have shown promising effects. Regular clinical trials are needed to investigate the safety and efficacy of unapproved treatments. Due to The Pediatric Investigation Plans issued by The European Union, new drugs developed by pharmaceutical companies are required to undergo clinical trials in a pediatric population to get their application for marketing authorization processed. This will hopefully lead to much more data on the efficacy and safety of the new treatments, including treatments for children and adolescents with psoriasis. Copyright © 2021 Haulrig et al.
Secukinumab in the treatment of psoriatic arthritis: efficacy and safety results through 3 years from the year 1 extension of the randomised phase III FUTURE 1 trial.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess the long-term (3 year) efficacy and safety of secukinumab in patients with active psoriatic arthritis (PsA) in the extension phase of the FUTURE 1 study (NCT01892436)., METHODS: Following the 2-year core trial, eligible patients receiving subcutaneous secukinumab 150 or 75 mg entered a 3-year extension phase. Results are presented for key efficacy and safety endpoints at week 156., RESULTS: In total, 460 patients entered the extension study; 308 patients originally randomised to secukinumab were assessed for efficacy. Sustained improvements in all efficacy endpoints were achieved with secukinumab through week 156. Overall, 76.8%/54.9% (secukinumab 150 mg) and 65.2%/39.0% (secukinumab 75 mg) of patients achieved an American College of Rheumatology (ACR) 20/50 response (multiple imputation data); ACR20 responses were sustained irrespective of previous anti-tumour necrosis factor exposure. Improvements in quality of life and physical function were also sustained through week 156. Radiographic results (observed data; van der Heijde modified total Sharp score (mTSS)) showed that 78.1% (secukinumab 150 mg) and 74.8% (secukinumab 75 mg) of patients had no radiographic progression (<=0.5 increase in mTSS) through week 156. Exposure-adjusted incidence rates for selected adverse events per 100 patient-years (secukinumab 150/75 mg) were serious infections (1.7/1.6), Candida infections (1.4/0.7), Crohn's disease (0/0.3), ulcerative colitis (0/0.3) and major adverse cardiac events (0.3/0.8)., CONCLUSION: Subcutaneous secukinumab provided sustained improvements in the signs and symptoms, quality of life and physical function of patients with active PsA with low rate of radiographic disease progression through 3 years. Secukinumab was well tolerated with no new safety signals.
Efficacy of guselkumab on axial involvement in patients with active psoriatic arthritis and sacroiliitis: a post-hoc analysis of the phase 3 DISCOVER-1 and DISCOVER-2 studies.$$$ BACKGROUND: Guselkumab was efficacious in reducing signs and symptoms of psoriatic arthritis in the phase 3 DISCOVER-1 and DISCOVER-2 studies. We aimed to evaluate the efficacy of guselkumab in post-hoc analyses of patients with psoriatic arthritis with imaging-confirmed sacroiliitis consistent with axial involvement., METHODS: In DISCOVER-1, 381 patients with active psoriatic arthritis (defined as >=3 swollen joints, >=3 tender joints, and C-reactive protein [CRP] >=0.3 mg/dL) and in DISCOVER-2, 739 patients with active psoriatic arthritis (defined as >=5 swollen joints, >=5 tender joints, and CRP >=0.6 mg/dL) were randomly allocated to receive guselkumab 100 mg every 4 weeks, guselkumab 100 mg every 8 weeks (week 0, week 4, then every 8 weeks), or placebo. These pooled, post-hoc analyses included patients with axial disease documented by previous imaging or pelvic radiography at screening consistent with sacroiliitis (confirmed by investigator). Efficacy assessments included least squares mean changes, with 95% CIs, in Bath Ankylosing Spondylitis Disease Activity Index (BASDAI) score, modified BASDAI (mBASDAI; excluding peripheral joint pain), spinal pain, and Ankylosing Spondylitis Disease Activity Score (ASDAS), and proportions of patients achieving at least a 50% improvement in BASDAI score (BASDAI50) and achieving ASDAS responses of inactive disease (score <1.3), major improvement (change of >=2.0), and clinically important improvement (change of >=1.1)., FINDINGS: Of the 1120 patients in the two DISCOVER studies, 312 (28%) were included in this analysis, of whom 118 were in the placebo group, 103 were in the guselkumab every 4 weeks group, and 91 were in the guselkumab every 8 weeks group. 191 (61%) were male, and 121 (39%) were female, and the mean age was 45.1 (SD 11.2). HLA-B27 status was assessed in 190 patients; 57 (30%) were HLA-B27-positive and 133 (70%) were HLA-B27-negative. At week 24, least squares mean changes from baseline in BASDAI were -2.7 (95% CI -3.2 to -2.2) in both guselkumab groups versus -1.3 (-1.8 to -0.9) in the placebo group; similar results were observed for mBASDAI and spinal pain. Least squares mean changes in ASDAS scores at week 24 were -1.4 (95% CI -1.7 to -1.2) in both guselkumab groups and -0.7 (-0.9 to -0.5) for placebo. At week 24, 36 (38%) patients in the guselkumab every 4 weeks group and 34 (40%) of those in the guselkumab every 8 weeks group achieved BASDAI50 versus 21 (19%) of placebo patients; greater proportions of guselkumab-treated patients achieved ASDAS responses versus placebo. Across outcomes, separation from placebo was observed at week 8. Improvements with guselkumab were seen at week 24 independent of HLA-B27 status. These improvements were maintained at week 52 in the guselkumab groups., INTERPRETATION: Patients with active psoriatic arthritis and imaging-confirmed sacroiliitis who were treated with guselkumab every 4 weeks or every 8 weeks had greater mean improvements in BASDAI and ASDAS (as early as week 8) than did placebo-treated participants, with sustained improvements at week 52., FUNDING: Janssen Research & Development LLC. Copyright © 2021 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Safety and efficacy of tofacitinib up to 48 months in patients with active psoriatic arthritis: final analysis of the OPAL Balance long-term extension study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Tofacitinib is an oral Janus kinase inhibitor for the treatment of psoriatic arthritis. Here we report the final analysis of Oral Psoriatic Arthritis Trial (OPAL) Balance, a 36-month long-term extension study, with a 12-month methotrexate withdrawal substudy, that assessed tofacitinib safety, tolerability, and efficacy in patients with active psoriatic arthritis., METHODS: For this open-label, long-term extension study, which was run at 124 centres in 16 countries, eligible patients had participated in the OPAL Broaden or OPAL Beyond phase 3 studies. Patients could enter OPAL Balance up to 3 months after completing one of the qualifying studies or discontinuing for reasons other than an adverse event related to study drug. In OPAL Balance, patients received open-label tofacitinib 5 mg twice daily, with increases to 10 mg twice daily for inadequate symptom control allowed from month 1, and reductions to 5 mg twice daily allowed thereafter for safety. Specific conventional synthetic disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs could be continued concomitantly. The primary endpoints were incidence and severity of adverse events, the incidence of laboratory abnormalities, and changes from baseline in laboratory parameters. Participants who were eligible could enter the randomised, double-blind, methotrexate withdrawal substudy (open-label tofacitinib 5 mg twice daily plus either masked placebo or masked methotrexate); safety data from which are included here (up to month 48). Efficacy was reported up to month 36 (substudy data excluded). The risk period for safety outcomes was the time from treatment exposure to the last dose plus 28 days or date of last observation. OPAL Balance is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT01976364) and is now complete., FINDINGS: Between Feb 17, 2014, and March 28, 2016, 686 patients were enrolled and given tofacitinib 5 mg or 10 mg twice daily (179 patients were treated in the substudy and 453 [66%] of 686 completed the long-term extension study or substudy; mean treatment duration 794.6 days [SD 329.2] in long-term extension study, 879.0 days [396.6] in long-term extension study plus substudy). The mean age of participants in the all tofacitinib group was 48.8 years (SD 11.8) and 370 (54%) of 686 participants were female. Up to month 48, 574 (84%) of 686 participants reported all-cause adverse events, 115 (17%) reported serious adverse events, and 78 (11%) discontinued due to an adverse event. Six patients died, one within the risk period (incidence of 0.1 patients with events [95% CI 0.0-0.3] per 100 person-years). The incidences of adverse events of special interest, reported as number of patients with events per 100 person-years, included: 1.7 (1.2-2.5) for herpes zoster (non-serious and serious); 1.0 (0.6-1.6) for serious infections; 0.4 (0.1-0.8) for opportunistic infections; 0.7 (0.4-1.2) for malignancies (excluding non-melanoma skin cancer [NMSC]); 0.9 (0.5-1.5) for NMSC; 0.2 (0.1-0.6) for major adverse cardiovascular events; 0.1 (0.0-0.3) for pulmonary embolism; and 0.4 (0.1-0.8) for arterial thromboembolism. No deep vein thromboses occurred. Laboratory parameter changes were as expected with treatment. Efficacy was sustained up to month 36., INTERPRETATION: This analysis supports the long-term safety (up to 48 months) and efficacy (up to 36 months) of tofacitinib in patients with psoriatic arthritis, which were consistent with previous phase 3 studies., FUNDING: Pfizer. Copyright © 2021 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Tofacitinib as monotherapy following methotrexate withdrawal in patients with psoriatic arthritis previously treated with open-label tofacitinib plus methotrexate: a randomised, placebo-controlled substudy of OPAL Balance.$$$ BACKGROUND: Tofacitinib is an oral Janus kinase inhibitor for the treatment of psoriatic arthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, and ulcerative colitis. This study evaluated the efficacy and safety of tofacitinib 5 mg twice daily monotherapy after methotrexate withdrawal., METHODS: OPAL Balance was an open-label, long-term extension study of tofacitinib in patients with psoriatic arthritis who participated in the OPAL Broaden and OPAL Beyond phase 3 studies. This 12-month, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, methotrexate withdrawal substudy (50 centres, 14 countries) included patients from OPAL Balance who completed tofacitinib treatment for 24 months or more (>=3 months' stable tofacitinib 5 mg twice daily) and were receiving methotrexate (7.5-20 mg/week). Patients were blindly randomised (1:1) using interactive response technology and received open-label tofacitinib 5 mg twice daily with either placebo (tofacitinib 5 mg twice daily plus placebo group) or continued methotrexate (tofacitinib 5 mg twice daily plus methotrexate group). Patients were masked to placebo or methotrexate, with identical capsules used. Coprimary endpoints were changes from substudy baseline in psoriatic arthritis disease activity score (PASDAS) and health assessment questionnaire-disability index (HAQ-DI) at month 6 in all randomised patients with one or more substudy drug dose. Safety was assessed throughout. No specific statistical hypothesis (either superiority or non-inferiority) was tested. The study (OPAL Balance) is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT01976364) and is complete., FINDINGS: Between Oct 30, 2017, and May 20, 2019, 180 patients from OPAL Balance who were eligible for the substudy were randomly assigned to treatment (90 patients received tofacitinib 5 mg twice daily plus placebo and 89 patients assigned to tofacitinib plus methotrexate; one patient was not treated because of randomisation error). At month 6, least squares mean (LSM) changes in PASDAS were 0.23 (SE 0.08) for tofacitinib 5 mg twice daily plus placebo and 0.14 (0.08) for tofacitinib 5 mg twice daily plus methotrexate (treatment difference LSM 0.09 [95% CI -0.13 to 0.31]), and changes in HAQ-DI were 0.04 (0.03) and 0.02 (0.03), respectively (treatment difference 0.03 [-0.05 to 0.10]). Rates of adverse events, discontinuations because of adverse events, adverse events of special interest, and laboratory changes were generally similar between treatment groups, although liver enzyme elevations were more common with tofacitinib 5 mg twice daily plus methotrexate than tofacitinib 5 mg twice daily plus placebo. Flares of worsening symptoms was reported in one (1%) of 90 patients in the tofacitinib 5 mg twice daily plus placebo group (recorded as psoriatic arthropathy)., INTERPRETATION: Some patients with psoriatic arthritis who are stable on tofacitinib 5 mg twice daily with background methotrexate might be able to discontinue methotrexate without clinically meaningful changes in disease activity and safety., FUNDING: Pfizer Inc. Copyright © 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
WITHDRAWN: Interventions for guttate psoriasis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Guttate psoriasis is a distinctive acute form of psoriasis which characteristically occurs in children and young adults. Very little specific evidence-based guidance is available in standard texts to help make rational decisions about treatment options., OBJECTIVES: To assess the effectiveness of treatments for guttate psoriasis., SEARCH METHODS: We searched the Cochrane Clinical Trials Register (Cochrane Library, Issue 3, 1999), Medline (1966- September 1999), Embase (1988-September 1999), Salford Database of Psoriasis Trials (to November 1999) and European Dermato-Epidemiology Network (EDEN) Psoriasis Trials Database (to November 1999) for terms GUTTATE and PSORIASIS. We also searched 100 unselected RCTs of psoriasis therapy and all 112 RCTs of phototherapy for psoriasis in the Salford Database of Psoriasis Trials for separate stratification for guttate psoriasis., SELECTION CRITERIA: Randomised trials in which patients with acute guttate psoriasis were randomised to different treatments, except those trials examining antistreptococcal interventions which are addressed in a separate Cochrane review., DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Two reviewers independently assessed trial eligibility and quality., MAIN RESULTS: No published report could be found to support or to challenge current commonly used methods of management.Only one trial which met the selection criteria was identified. In this small study of 21 hospitalised patients with guttate psoriasis, intravenous infusion of an n-3 fatty acid rich lipid emulsion was compared with placebo emulsion containing n-6 fatty acids. The n-3 preparation appeared to be of some benefit for patients with guttate psoriasis., AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: There is currently no firm evidence on which to base treatment of acute guttate psoriasis. Studies comparing standard treatment modalities, including phototherapy and topical regimens, are required to enable informed decisions on treatment choices to be made.
Comparing the efficacy and safety of IL-17 inhibitors for treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis: a randomized double blind pilot study with a review of literature.$$$ Introduction: Psoriasis is a chronic skin disease in which interleukin-17A (IL-17A) has been found to play an important role. Commercially available anti-IL-17 drugs include brodalumab, ixekizumab (IXE), and secukinumab (SEC)., Aim: To compare the safety and efficacy of IXE and SEC in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis., Material and methods: The patients were randomized to the IXE or SEC group. Effectiveness was estimated by Physician's Global Assessment (PGA), Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI), and Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI). Safety was assessed by documentation of adverse effects (AEs), routine laboratory values, and injection-site and allergic reactions., Results: There were 155 patients in the IXE group and 158 in the SEC group. At week 12, PASI 75 was 76.77% (IXE) vs. 67.09% (SEC); PASI 90 42.58% (IXE) vs. 32.28% (SEC); PGA score of 0 or 1 at week 40 (79.52% vs. 74.4%) and at week 52 (61.83% vs. 58.12%) (p < 0.001). Also, DLQI score improvement was more pronounced in the IXE group. The rates and types of AEs were similar in both groups., Conclusions: Although both groups demonstrated a robust clinical response, a significant improvement in patient quality of life, and a satisfactory safety profile, the IXE group scored a notch higher. Copyright © 2022 Termedia.
Pharmacokinetics, Pharmacodynamics, Safety, Tolerability, and Immunogenicity of the QX002N anti-IL-17 Monoclonal Antibody: A Phase I, Randomized, Double-Blind, Single Ascending Dose Study in Healthy Chinese Volunteers.$$$ Background: The innovative injection of interleukin 17 A (IL-17A) monoclonal antibody QX002N is being developed to treat active ankylosing spondylitis and plaque psoriasis in adults. Objective: This study investigated the pharmacokinetics (PKs), pharmacodynamics (PDs) safety, tolerability, and immunogenicity of single ascending subcutaneous injections of QX002N in healthy Chinese volunteers. Methods: A total of 65 healthy subjects were enrolled in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, single ascending dose phase I study (10-320 mg). Ten subjects were allocated to each cohort (containing 8 subjects treated with QX002N and 2 with placebo), except cohort 1 (only 4 subjects treated with QX002N and 1 with placebo). The studies on PKs, PDs, tolerability, and immunogenicity of QX002N were performed. Results: Our study showed that QX002N injection was well tolerated, without deaths, serious adverse events, or discontinuations due to treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs). Neither more frequency nor high severity of the drug-related adverse reaction was observed with increasing QX002N dose. The TEAEs in all subjects were considered Grades 1-2 (CTCAE 5.0) except for one case of Grade 3 (hypertriglyceridemia). Tmax of QX002N was obtained from 168 to 240 h across the dose range after administration. The Cmax and area under the curve of QX002N increased in proportion to dose, and showed linear PKs. Anti-drug antibody positivity was detected in one (1.9%) subject after drug administration. Conclusion:  QX002N was well tolerated in our study. Based on the PKs and safety results of QX002N, 80 mg is recommended as the effective dose for a future phase Ib study. Clinical Trial Registration: https://www.chinadrugtrials.org.cn/, identifier ChiCTR1900023040. Copyright © 2022 Wu, Zhang, Li, Chen, Fang, Yang and Ding.
Comparison of Efficacy of Anti-interleukin-17 in the Treatment of Psoriasis Between Caucasians and Asians: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Interleukin-17 (IL-17) monoclonal antibody drugs have been increasingly significant in the treatment of psoriasis, but it is not clear whether the efficacy is equivalent across ethnicities., OBJECTIVE: To explore the differences of short-term efficacy of IL-17 inhibitors between Caucasians and Asians., METHODS: The pooled log risk ratio (logRR) between the groups was estimated. The meta-regression analysis on the logRR was performed, with the proportion of Caucasian patients as the covariate. The subgroup analysis was performed by specific IL-17 inhibitors., RESULTS: Of the 1,569 potentially relevant studies, sixteen randomized controlled trials (RCTs) were included. For the Psoriasis Area and Severity Index 75 (PASI 75) response at week 12, the pooled logRR of the Asian group and the Caucasian group was 2.81 (95% CI: 2.27-3.35, p < 0.001) and 2.93 (95% CI: 2.71-3.16, p < 0.001), respectively, indicating no significant difference of efficacy between Asians and Caucasians. The meta-regression analysis did not show an association of the proportion of Caucasians with the effect size (beta = 0.3203, p = 0.334). In the subgroup analysis, the comparison results of secukinumab were consistent with the main analysis., LIMITATIONS: Only the short-term efficacy was explored. The data from Asian countries were limited., CONCLUSIONS: The short-term efficacy of IL-17 inhibitors in the treatment of psoriasis has no significant difference between Caucasians and Asians., SYSTEMATIC REVIEW REGISTRATION: PROSPERO, identifier CRD42020201994, https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/prospero/. Copyright © 2022 Zhang, Qiu, Liao, Xiao, Shen, Deng and Jing.
Association of Gender, Diagnosis, and Obesity With Retention Rate of Secukinumab in Spondyloarthropathies: Results Form a Multicenter Real-World Study.$$$ Background: Secukinumab has been shown effective for psoriatic arthritis (PsA) and axial spondylarthritis (AxSpA) in randomized trials. The aim of this study was to analyze baseline patient and disease characteristics associated with a better retention rate of secukinumab under real-world conditions. Patients and Methods: Real-life, prospective multicenter observational study involving 138 patients, 61 PsA and 77 AxSpA, who were analyzed at baseline, 6, 12 months and subsequently every year after starting secukinumab regardless of the line of treatment. Demographics and disease characteristics, measures of activity, secukinumab use, and adverse events were collected. Drug survival was analyzed using Kaplan-Meier curves and factors associated with discontinuation were evaluated using Cox regression. The machine-learning J48 decision tree classifier was also applied. Results: During the 1st year of treatment, 75% of patients persisted with secukinumab, but accrued 71% (n = 32) in total losses (n = 45). The backward stepwise (Wald) method selected diagnosis, obesity, and gender as relevant variables, the latter when analyzing the interactions. At 1 year of follow-up, the Cox model showed the best retention rate in the groups of AxSpa women (95%, 95% CI 93-97%) and PsA men (89%, 95% CI 84-93%), with the worst retention in PsA women (66%, 95% CI 54-79%). The J48 predicted secukinumab retention with an accuracy of 77.2%. No unexpected safety issues were observed. Conclusions: Secukinumab shows the best retention rate at 1 year of treatment in AxSpA women and in PsA men, independently of factors such as the time of disease evolution, the line of treatment or the initial dose of the drug. Copyright © 2022 Garcia-Dorta, Leon-Suarez, Pena, Hernandez-Diaz, Rodriguez-Lozano, Gonzalez-Davila, Hernandez-Hernandez and Diaz-Gonzalez.
Ixekizumab for Psoriatic Arthritis: Safety, Efficacy, and Patient Selection.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Ixekizumab is a monoclonal antibody targeting IL-17A and licensed for psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis (PsA) and axial spondyloarthritis. Review objectives were to summarize: 1) ixekizumab safety in people with PsA, 2) ixekizumab efficacy from Phase III randomized controlled trials, and 3) ixekizumab study participant PsA phenotypes., METHODS: We conducted a search in PubMed limited to phase III randomized controlled trials (RCT) and corresponding long-term extension studies where the intervention was treatment with ixekizumab in a population with PsA., RESULTS: We identified 17 publications and 13 met inclusion criteria. Injection site reactions (ISR) and allergic reactions occurred in up to 25.3% and 6.2% with ixekizumab and 4.5% and 1.85, respectively, with placebo. ISR occurred in 9.5-10.6% at 24 and 52 weeks with ixekizumab versus 3.2-3.5% with adalimumab (p < 0.01) in biologic-naive PsA. Serious adverse events at 24 weeks occurred in 8.5% with adalimumab versus 3.5% with ixekizumab (p = 0.02), and at 52 weeks in 12.45 with adalimumab and 4.25 with ixekizumab (p < 0.01). Ixekizumab had similar efficacy to adalimumab across all PsA musculoskeletal, symptom and patient-reported outcome domains and surpassed adalimumab in psoriasis outcomes as well as all combined musculoskeletal and psoriasis outcomes. The study subject population was overwhelmingly white, balanced men-women, BMI at the obese threshold, had on average 7-year PsA duration and 15-year psoriasis duration. Disease activity was high with 7/66 swollen joints, 13/68 tender joints, 55% enthesitis, variable dactylitis (12-51%), and active psoriasis in >92%., CONCLUSION: Ixekizumab treatment in PsA was associated with a statistically significant higher risk of injection site reactions versus placebo or adalimumab. Ixekizumab had statistically significantly fewer serious adverse events than adalimumab. Ixekizumab demonstrated efficacy for all PsA disease activity domains as well as for slowing radiographic disease progression. The main shortcoming of the ixekizumab PsA program is lack of representation of African American study participants. Copyright © 2021 Miller et al.
Biologics for severe, chronic plaque psoriasis: An Australian cost-utility analysis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Biologics are a good therapeutic option for severe, chronic plaque psoriasis; however, they come with significant cost to the health care system., OBJECTIVE: To conduct a cost-utility analysis of outpatient biologics (adalimumab, etanercept, guselkumab, ixekizumab, risankizumab, secukinumab, tildrakizumab, and ustekinumab) available to adults with severe, chronic plaque psoriasis from the perspective of the Australian health care system., METHODS: A Markov cohort model was constructed to estimate the quality-adjusted life years (QALYs) and costs accrued for treatment pathways commencing with different first-line biologics, over a 96-week time horizon. The model adhered to the Australian Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme eligibility criteria and guidelines., RESULTS: A biologic treatment pathway commencing on tildrakizumab was the most cost-effective first-line treatment (Australian dollar 39,930; total utility of 1.57 QALYs over 96 weeks). First-line secukinumab and risankizumab had incremental cost-utility ratios of Australian dollar 194,524/QALY and Australian dollar 479,834/QALY, respectively, when compared with first-line tildrakizumab., LIMITATIONS: The efficacy and utility input parameters were derived from international randomized control trials and patients from the United Kingdom, respectively. Findings from this study cannot be generalized beyond Australia., CONCLUSION: Tildrakizumab may be considered as first-line treatment for adult patients with severe, chronic plaque psoriasis embarking on biologic therapy, from the economic perspective of the Australian health care system. Copyright © 2021 by the American Academy of Dermatology, Inc. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Risk of Adverse Events After Anti-TNF Treatment for Inflammatory Rheumatological Disease. A Meta-Analysis.$$$ Background: Adalimumab, golimumab, infliximab, certolizumab, and etanercept are five anti-tumor necrosis factor (anti-TNF) medicines that have been approved for use in rheumatology. Apart from their well-established therapeutic usefulness, -it is unclear to what extent -they are linked to an increased risk of various side effects. The present meta-analysis was carried out to assess the risk of infection and other side effects after anti-TNF- alpha for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, psoriatic arthritis, and ankylosing spondylitis. Methods: We searched PubMed, Cinahl (via Ebsco), Scopus, and Web of Sciences databases for trials comparing anti-TNF medications to placebo or no therapy in adult patients with rheumatoid arthritis, psoriatic arthritis, or ankylosing spondylitis from August 2006 to August 2020. A total of 23 articles were used for meta-analysis. The Cochrane Collaboration's risk of bias tool was used to assess the methodological quality of the included studies. In addition, a random-effects model was used to calculate the pooled odds ratio, and Forest plots were constructed to determine the risk of infections and cancer following the use of anti-TNF treatment. Results: Treatment with anti-TNFalpha agents resulted in an increase in the risk of serious infections (OR: 1.72, 95% CI: 1.56-1.90, p < 0.00001) and an increase in cancer risk (OR: 1.36, 95% CI: 1.20-1.53, p < 0.00001) whereas the risk of developing tuberculosis was not significantly different with anti-TNFalpha agents versus those without treatment with anti-TNFalpha agents (OR: 2.55, 95% CI: 0.40-16.23, p = 0.32) although the number of studies is limited to make a definitive conclusion. The risk of bias of the included studies was unclear to high across most domains, and there was evidence of publication bias for most outcomes. Conclusion:  The present meta-analysis suggests an increased risk of infectious adverse events, including overall adverse events and cancer following anti-TNFalpha treatment, whereas the risk of tuberculosis was not significantly different. Although anti-TNF agents have shown promise to treat inflammatory conditions, their use should be balanced by the risk-benefit ratio as suggested by the meta-analysis. Copyright © 2021 Li, Zhang, Wu, Zhou, Meng and Zhu.
Comparative Effectiveness and Safety of Methotrexate Versus PUVA in Severe Chronic Stable Plaque Psoriasis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Psoriasis is a chronic, inflammatory, immune-mediated, debilitating skin disease affecting approximately 2%-3% of the global population. Various treatment modalities are available for extensive psoriasis which include methotrexate, cyclosporine, retinoids, oral PUVA therapy, and biologic agents., AIMS AND OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to compare the effectiveness and safety of methotrexate vs. PUVA in severe chronic plaque psoriasis with BSA >20%., MATERIALS AND METHODS: A randomized open-label clinical study was performed. Sixty patients with extensive stable plaque psoriasis were recruited in the study. Thirty patients received methotrexate at a dose of 0.4 mg/kg up to a maximum of 15 mg/week and the rest 30 were treated by PUVA, 8-methoxy psoralen tablet (20 mg) followed by UVA started at the dose of 1 j/cm2 thrice weekly with an increment of 20% dose every third sitting until 2.5 j/cm2 is reached. Both forms of treatment were continued for 10 weeks or until PASI 90 achieved, which-ever was earlier. Clinical examination, blood investigation, PASI scoring, and photograph were repeated in serial intervals during the study. At the end of study, the data were compiled, tabulated, and analyzed., RESULT: In the PUVA group, 90% achieved PASI-50 and 63.33% achieved PASI-90, in the methotrexate group all patients achieved both PASI-50 and PASI-90. Methotrexate acted significantly faster than PUVA in disease clearance. In the methotrexate group decreased platelet count in 13.33% patients, decreased hemoglobin (<10 gm/dl), elevated liver enzyme, each of these developed in 10% of patients. In the PUVA group, no serious side effects were observed., CONCLUSIONS: Methotrexate is more efficacious with lesser incidence of subjective complications and more incidence of laboratory complications compared to PUVA in extensive plaque psoriasis. Copyright: © 2021 Indian Journal of Dermatology.
Improvement in Patient-Reported Outcomes in Patients with Psoriatic Arthritis Treated with Upadacitinib Versus Placebo or Adalimumab: Results from SELECT-PsA 1.$$$ INTRODUCTION: The aim of this work is to assess the effect of upadacitinib versus adalimumab and placebo on patient-reported outcomes (PROs) in psoriatic arthritis (PsA) patients with inadequate responses to >= 1 non-biologic disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drugs (non-bDMARD-IR) in SELECT PsA-1., METHODS: In this placebo- and active comparator, phase 3 randomized, controlled trial, patients received daily upadacitinib 15 or 30 mg, placebo, or adalimumab 40 mg every other week through 56 weeks. At week 24, placebo-assigned patients were rerandomized to upadacitinib 15 or 30 mg. PROs included Patient Global Assessment of Disease Activity (PtGA), pain, Health Assessment Questionnaire Disability Index (HAQ-DI), Functional Assessment of Chronic Illness Therapy-Fatigue (FACIT-F), Short Form 36 Health Survey (SF-36), EQ-5D-5L index score, Bath Ankylosing Spondylitis Disease Activity Index, morning stiffness, Self-Assessment of Psoriasis Symptoms, and Work Productivity and Activity Impairment. Mean changes from baseline in PROs, improvements >= minimum clinically important differences (MCID), scores >= normative values, and sustained clinically meaningful responses were compared between treatment groups., RESULTS: At weeks 12 and 24, upadacitinib treatment resulted in improvements from baseline versus placebo across all PROs as well as improvements versus adalimumab in HAQ-DI and SF-36 Physical Component Summary score (nominal p < 0.05). Improvements in PtGA, pain, and HAQ-DI were reported as early as week 2. At week 12, significantly (nominal p < 0.05) more upadacitinib- versus placebo-treated patients reported improvements >= MCID across all PROs including seven SF-36 domains. The proportions of upadacitinib-treated patients reporting clinically meaningful improvements at week 12 were similar to or greater than with adalimumab and sustained through week 56. Significantly (nominal p < 0.05) more upadacitinib-treated (both doses) patients reported scores >= normative values at week 12 versus placebo, and scores were generally similar to or greater than adalimumab., CONCLUSIONS: Upadacitinib treatment provides rapid, sustained, and clinically meaningful improvements in PROs in non-bDMARD-IR patients with PsA. SELECT-PsA 1 ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT03104400. Copyright © 2021. The Author(s).
Short-Term Efficacy of Biologic Therapies in Moderate-to-Severe Plaque Psoriasis: A Systematic Literature Review and an Enhanced Multinomial Network Meta-Analysis.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Many targeted, systemic therapies have been developed for treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis (PsO). A network meta-analysis (NMA) allows for comparison between treatments not directly compared in randomized controlled trials (RCT). This study's objective was to compare the short-term (10-16 weeks) clinical efficacy according to the Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) among approved biologic treatments for moderate-to-severe PsO using a novel (enhanced) NMA model., METHODS: A systematic literature review (SLR) of RCTs for patients with moderate-to-severe PsO was conducted. English publications in MEDLINE, Embase, and The Cochrane Library up to March 2019 were searched. An enhanced multinomial Bayesian NMA was performed to simultaneously adjust for baseline risk and utilize the conditional nature of the PASI (50, 75, 90, and 100) levels. The model relaxes typical constraints that all treatments must have the same ranks across PASI levels., RESULTS: The SLR resulted in 319 relevant publications, of which 72 publications from 73 RCTs reporting 10- to 16-week data for at least one PASI response level (30,314 total patients) were included. Interleukin (IL) inhibitors (risankizumab, ixekizumab, brodalumab, secukinumab, and guselkumab) were the best performing treatments for achieving all PASI levels. Etanercept was outperformed by the other subcutaneous tumor necrosis factor alpha inhibitors. Application of an enhanced NMA model that allowed treatment rankings to differ by PASI level tested the robustness of results of previous NMAs in PsO., CONCLUSION: The results of this model confirmed that IL inhibitors are likely the best short-term treatment choices for improving all PASI levels. Copyright © 2021. The Author(s).
Articular and Extra-Articular Benefits in ACR20 Non-responders at Week 104 Treated With Apremilast: Pooled Analysis of Three Randomized Controlled Trials.$$$ INTRODUCTION: PALACE 1, 2, and 3 were phase 3 studies aimed to evaluate apremilast efficacy and safety in patients with active psoriatic arthritis (PsA) despite prior treatment with conventional disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drugs and/or biologics. The pooled analysis reported here further characterized the clinical outcomes associated with long-term apremilast exposure in patients failing to achieve >= 20% improvement in the American College of Rheumatology response criteria (ACR20) at Week 104., METHODS: Patients randomized to apremilast 30 mg twice daily at baseline and classified as ACR20 non-responders (ACR20NRs) or ACR20 responders (ACR20Rs) at Week 104 were included. Efficacy outcomes included change from baseline to Week 104 in ACR core components and other endpoints., RESULTS: At Week 104, a total of 109 patients were ACR20NRs and 193 were ACR20Rs. As expected, the ACR20R group had improvements in all indices assessed. The ACR20NR group demonstrated substantial mean improvements from baseline in swollen joint count (SJC; - 58%), tender joint count (TJC; - 42%), and Physician's Global Assessment of Disease Activity (PhGA; - 44%); resolution of enthesitis (34%) and dactylitis (68%); and achievement of >= 75% reduction from baseline Psoriasis Area and Severity Index scores (among patients with psoriasis involving >= 3% of the body surface area) (36%)., CONCLUSION: Despite not fulfilling a formal ACR20 response at Week 104, ACR20NRs experienced sustained improvements in several PsA core domains, including SJC, TJC, enthesitis, dactylitis, and psoriasis, as well as the PhGA (visual analog scale) scores, with apremilast treatment., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT01172938, NCT01212757, and NCT01212770. Copyright © 2021. The Author(s).
Infliximab in Combination with Low-Dose Acitretin in Generalized Pustular Psoriasis: A Report of Two Cases and Review of the Literature.$$$ Generalized pustular psoriasis (GPP) is a severe, life-threatening disease that represents a major therapeutic challenge. There is a lack of randomized controlled trials assessing the efficacy of various treatment options for GPP. TNFalpha inhibitors have proven to be effective and are increasingly used in this indication. In the current paper, we present two patients with GPP treated with infliximab (Ifx) and a literature review appraising currently available data on the use of Ifx in GPP. Case 1 was a 73-year-old woman with GPP who exhibited lack of treatment response or primary intolerance to standard therapeutic options (high-dose acitretin, methotrexate, cyclosporine A, and methylprednisolone). However, Ifx therapy combined with low-dose acitretin resulted in rapid and sustained resolution of skin lesions. Case 2 was a 60-year-old man with GPP and numerous comorbidities who was initially treated with Ifx in combination with methotrexate, with good treatment response for 9 months. Following an infection-induced flare of GPP at week 38, methotrexate was discontinued in favor of low-dose acitretin and Ifx continued. This regimen again resulted in rapid resolution of pustules. We present these cases to highlight the advantage of long-term Ifx therapy with low-dose acitretin in GPP. Copyright © 2021 Kolt-Kaminska et al.
Real-World Safety and Effectiveness of Golimumab in Rheumatic Diseases: Post-Marketing Surveillance in Korea.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Golimumab is a human monoclonal antibody that inhibits tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha). Inhibition of TNF-alpha by golimumab inhibits the inflammatory response, thereby modulating the immune response in immune-mediated inflammatory diseases. Although the efficacy of golimumab has been demonstrated in randomized controlled trials (RCTs), various patient populations, such as those at high risk of infection, including those with latent tuberculosis and various comorbidities, or on co-administered medications, were excluded from the RCTs. Therefore, safety cannot be sufficiently evaluated by RCTs in the patient group with heterogenous characteristics. The aim of this study was to assess the safety and effectiveness of golimumab in patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA), psoriatic arthritis (PsA), and ankylosing spondyloarthritis (AS) in a real-world setting in Korea., METHODS: We conducted an open-label, prospective, non-interventional study as post-marketing surveillance. Safety was evaluated by collecting and recording adverse events, and effectiveness was evaluated by assessing disease activity using DAS28-CRP, DAS28-ESR, ACR20, and ASAS20 outcome measures. Multiple logistic regression was performed to identify factors associated with the incidence of adverse events, and changes in disease activity scores from baseline were analyzed using the Wilcoxon signed-rank test., RESULTS: A total 673 patients were enrolled, of whom 621 were included in the safety analysis. During the study, 97 adverse drug reactions (ADRs) were reported in 62 patients (10.0%). The most frequently reported ADRs were related to infection, including nasopharyngitis (0.8%), upper respiratory tract infection (0.6%), and herpes zoster (0.5%). The mean (+/- standard deviation) changes from baseline in global disease activity at weeks 12 and 24 were - 3.37 +/- 2.529 and - 3.68 +/- 2.404, respectively, with statistical significance. In those patients with RA, 72.5 and 47.0% of individuals had a good response based on DAS28-CRP and DAS28-ESR outcomes at week 24. At week 24, 71.4% of patients with PsA had an ACR20 response and 72.9% of patients with AS had an ASAS20 response., CONCLUSION: In the real-world setting, golimumab was safe and effective in Korean patients with RA, PsA, and AS. Copyright © 2021. The Author(s).
Cost-Effectiveness of Therapeutic Drug Monitoring-Guided Adalimumab Therapy in Rheumatic Diseases: A Prospective, Pragmatic Trial.$$$ INTRODUCTION: To assess the clinical and cost-effectiveness of therapeutic drug monitoring (TDM) based on serum adalimumab levels compared to standard of care in patients with rheumatoid arthritis, psoriatic arthritis and ankylosing spondylitis., METHODS: This was a non-inferiority, multicentric, non-randomized, pragmatic trial including adult patients diagnosed with moderate-to-severe, clinically stable rheumatic diseases treated with adalimumab. Consecutive patients were assigned 1:2 to the control (CG) or the intervention group (IG), based on the site of inclusion, and followed up for 18 months. Adalimumab serum levels were measured at each study visit and released to the IG only to modify dosing strategy. Data on disease activity, healthcare resource utilization and health-related quality of life (HRQoL) measured through the EQ-5D-5L were collected. Number of persistent and overall flares, time to first flare, days experiencing high disease activity, total direct costs, quality-adjusted life years (QALYs) and incremental cost-effectiveness ratio (ICER) were calculated., RESULTS: Of the 169 recruited patients, 150 were included in the analysis (52 and 98 patients in the CG and IG, respectively). The primary endpoint was not met as persistent flares were not significantly lower in the IG, although mean (SD) number of flares was numerically lower in the IG (0.67 [0.70] versus 0.90 [0.82], P = 0.073), respectively. Based on EQ-5D-5L utilities, HRQoL was significantly higher in the IG at 3 (P = 0.001) and 6 months (P = 0.035), which overall translated into 0.075 QALYs gained per patient for the IG at month 18. Overall, direct costs were significantly lower for the IG patients (15,311.59 [4,870.04] versus 17,378.46 [6,556.51], P = 0.030), resulting in the intervention being dominant, leading to increased QALY at a lower overall cost CONCLUSION: Adalimumab dose tapering based on TDM for rheumatic patients led to an increased quality of life and QALY gain and entailed lower costs, being a more cost-effective alternative than clinically guided management. Copyright © 2021. The Author(s).
Secukinumab Efficacy on Psoriatic Arthritis GRAPPA-OMERACT Core Domains in Patients with or Without Prior Tumor Necrosis Factor Inhibitor Use: Pooled Analysis of Four Phase 3 Studies.$$$ BACKGROUND: Psoriatic arthritis (PsA) is a chronic, heterogeneous, immune-mediated disease manifesting as a spectrum of possible inflammatory signs and symptoms. Clinicians need therapeutic choices that work across all active PsA disease domains, as well as practical information about efficacy of available treatments for individual domains in specific groups of patients. The objective of this study was to evaluate the effect of prior tumor necrosis factor inhibitor (TNFi) exposure on the efficacy of secukinumab across PsA core domains., METHODS: Data were pooled from 2049 participants with PsA in four phase 3 studies (FUTURE 2-5). Efficacy at week 16 was evaluated for each GRAPPA-OMERACT PsA core domain using nonresponder imputation for musculoskeletal disease activity and Psoriasis Area and Severity Index scores or as-observed data for other outcomes. For each measure, comparisons with placebo were made separately in the TNFi-naive and TNFi-inadequate responder/intolerant (TNF-IR) cohorts., RESULTS: Treatment with secukinumab improved PsA disease activity across all disease domains regardless of previous TNFi use, although TNFi-naive patients experienced numerically greater benefits in most outcomes. Among patients treated with secukinumab 300 mg, 41.5% and 24.4% of TNFi-naive patients (P < 0.05 vs placebo) and 18.6% and 9.0% of TNF-IR patients (nonsignificant vs placebo) experienced resolution in 66 swollen and 68 tender joint counts, respectively; additionally, 37.2% of TNFi-naive patients and 24.2% of TNF-IR patients achieved complete resolution of psoriasis at week 16 (all P < 0.05 vs placebo). Secukinumab effect sizes were generally larger in TNFi-naive vs TNF-IR patients for musculoskeletal and patient-reported domains., CONCLUSIONS: Secukinumab demonstrated efficacy vs placebo across GRAPPA-OMERACT PsA core domains. Higher responses among TNFi-naive vs TNF-IR patients suggest that secukinumab should be considered for first-line use in PsA. Copyright © 2021. The Author(s).
308-nm Excimer Lamp vs. Combination of 308-nm Excimer Lamp and 10% Liquor Carbonis Detergens in Patients With Scalp Psoriasis: A Randomized, Single-Blinded, Controlled Trial.$$$ Background: Scalp psoriasis is usually refractory to treatment. Excimer devices have been proved to be a promising therapeutic option in psoriasis. Greater efficacy of phototherapy can be achieved by concurrent use of coal tar derivatives. Objective: We aimed to compare efficacy and safety between 308-nm excimer lamp monotherapy and a combination of 308-nm excimer lamp and 10% liquor carbonis detergens in the treatment of scalp psoriasis. Methods: In this randomized, evaluator-blinded, prospective, comparative study, 30 patients with scalp psoriasis received either 308-nm excimer lamp monotherapy or a combination of 308-nm excimer lamp and 10% liquor carbonis detergens twice per week until complete remission of the scalp or for a total of 30 sessions. Efficacy was evaluated by the improvement of Psoriasis Scalp Severity Index (PSSI) score, itch score, and Scalpdex score. Results: Both treatments induced significant improvement in PSSI score with greater reduction observed in the combination group. At 30th visit, a 75% reduction in PSSI (PSSI75) was attained by 4 (28.6%) and 9 (69.2%) patients treated with monotherapy and combination therapy, respectively (P < 0.05). Conclusions: Excimer lamp is well-tolerated in patients with scalp psoriasis and liquor carbonis detergens can be used as a combination therapy to improve the efficacy of excimer lamp. Copyright © 2021 Rattanakaemakorn, Triyangkulsri, Iamsumang and Suchonwanit.
Correlation Between Change in Psoriasis Area and Severity Index and Dermatology Life Quality Index in Patients with Psoriasis: Pooled Analysis from Four Phase 3 Clinical Trials of Secukinumab.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Patients with psoriasis (PsO) experience impaired health-related quality of life due to physical and psychosocial burdens. The objective of this study was to assess the correlation between change in Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) score and selected Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI) domain scores in patients with moderate-to-severe PsO and those with PsO and comorbid psoriatic arthritis (PsA)., METHODS: This post hoc analysis of four phase 3 clinical trials included patients with moderate-to-severe PsO randomized to secukinumab 150/300 mg, etanercept, or placebo. Pairwise latent growth models were applied to assess the longitudinal correlation between change in PASI scores and changes in three DLQI domain scores (daily activities, leisure activities, and symptoms/feelings). The initial (baseline to week 12) and sustained (week > 12 to week 52) treatment exposures were analysed by population type (total, PsO only, and PsO with comorbid PsA) and treatment arm (secukinumab, etanercept, or placebo)., RESULTS: Among the total population (N = 2401), PASI change was positively correlated with change in each assessed DLQI domain; correlations were weak to moderate over the initial treatment exposure period (beta range, 0.20-0.29; all P < 0.001) and moderate to strong over the sustained exposure period (beta range, 0.63-0.69; all P < 0.001). Similar trends were observed regardless of the presence of comorbid PsA. These relationships were confirmed among patients treated with secukinumab, etanercept, or placebo., CONCLUSIONS: Improvements in PASI scores were directly moderately related to improvements in DLQI domain scores from initiation of treatment and extended over time, regardless of presence of comorbid PsA or treatment received., CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: ERASURE (NCT01365455), FIXTURE (NCT01358578), FEATURE (NCT01555125), and JUNCTURE (NCT01636687). Copyright © 2021. The Author(s).
Psoriasis Severity Assessment Combining Physician and Patient Reported Outcomes: The Optimal Psoriasis Assessment Tool.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Psoriasis Area Severity Index (PASI) assessment is complex and time-consuming. A simpler assessment measure more sensitive to changes in symptom severity and predictive of patients' quality of life (Dermatology Life Quality Index, DLQI) is needed. This study aims to evaluate the Optimal Psoriasis Assessment Tool (OPAT) as an alternative to PASI., METHODS: This integrated analysis of three UNCOVER trials (NCT01474512, NCT01597245, and NCT01646177) randomized patients (N = 3866) with moderate-to-severe psoriasis to subcutaneously administered ixekizumab 80 mg Q2W or Q4W, or placebo or etanercept 50 mg Q2W. Pearson correlations were computed for clinical and patient-reported measures with PASI and DLQI., RESULTS: As the correlations with PASI and BSA were high and not much higher when adding severity, body surface area (BSA) was used for the clinical measure. BSA was the main measure influencing OPAT. Week 12 regression analyses results showed that PASI had a higher correlation with BSA combined with patient assessments than with BSA alone. Sensitivity analyses were also completed for PASI 75 and 90. For DLQI, correlations with the combined measures were even stronger than with BSA alone. A comprehensive model selection procedure was conducted, which illustrated that the two-term models are preferred., CONCLUSION: The OPAT is a simple and time-saving alternative to PASI. It can be derived using BSA and patient-reported assessments having strong correlation with PASI and moderate correlation with DLQI. Copyright © 2021. The Author(s).
Deterioration of Health-Related Quality of Life After Withdrawal of Risankizumab Treatment in Patients with Moderate-to-Severe Plaque Psoriasis: A Machine Learning Predictive Model.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Risankizumab has demonstrated efficacy in treating moderate-to-severe psoriasis. The phase-3 IMMhance trial (NCT02672852) examined the effect of continuing versus withdrawing from risankizumab treatment on psoriasis severity, including the Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) and static Physician Global Assessment (sPGA). However, the effect of withdrawal on health-related quality of life (HRQL) was not assessed. Therefore, this study was conducted to evaluate the impact of risankizumab withdrawal on HRQL measured by the Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI). Because DLQI was not measured beyond week 16 in IMMhance, a machine learning predictive model for DLQI was developed., METHODS: A machine learning model for DLQI was fitted using repeated measures data from three phase-3 trials (NCT02684370, NCT02684357, NCT02694523) (pooled N = 1602). An elastic-net algorithm performed automated variable selection among candidate predictors including concurrent PASI and sPGA, demographics, and interaction terms. The machine learning model was used to predict DLQI at weeks 28-104 of IMMhance among patients re-randomized to continue (N = 111) or withdraw from (N = 225) risankizumab after achieving response (sPGA = 0/1) at week 28., RESULTS: The machine learning predictive model demonstrated good statistical fit during tenfold cross-validation and external validation against observed DLQI at weeks 0-16 of IMMhance (N = 507). Predicted improvements in DLQI from baseline were lower in the withdrawal versus the continuation cohort (mean DLQI change at week 104, -5.9 versus -11.5, difference [95% CI] = 5.6 [4.1, 7.3]). Predicted DLQI deteriorated more extensively than PASI (49.7% versus 36.4%) after treatment withdrawal., CONCLUSIONS: The predicted DLQI score deteriorated more rapidly after risankizumab withdrawal than the PASI score, an objective measure of disease. These findings suggest that the deterioration in HRQL reflects more substantial impacts after risankizumab discontinuation than those measured by PASI only. Copyright © 2021. The Author(s).
Efficacy and Safety of Certolizumab Pegol in Japanese Patients with Moderate to Severe Plaque Psoriasis: 52-Week Results.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Certolizumab pegol (CZP), an Fc-free, PEGylated anti-tumour necrosis factor biologic, dosed at 400 mg every 2 weeks (Q2W) and 200 mg Q2W over 16 weeks, resulted in improvements in Japanese patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis (PSO); no new safety signals were identified. We present 52-week efficacy and safety results., METHODS: Patients >= 20 years with PSO >= 6 months [Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) >= 12, body surface area >= 10%, Physician's Global Assessment (PGA) >= 3] were randomised 1:2:2 to placebo Q2W, CZP 400 mg Q2W and CZP 200 mg Q2W (400 mg weeks 0/2/4) for 16 weeks. Week 16 PASI 50 responders continued through week 52; CZP 200 mg Q2W-randomised patients were re-randomised 1:1 to CZP 200 mg Q2W or CZP 400 mg Q4W; patients initially randomised to other treatment groups continued in the same group. Outcomes included PASI 75/90/100, PGA 0/1, Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI) 0/1, Itch Numeric Rating Scale (INRS) 0, modified Nail Psoriasis Severity Index (mNAPSI), durability of response for week 16 PASI 75/90 responders, and safety., RESULTS: Of 26/53/48 patients randomised to placebo, CZP 400 mg Q2W and CZP 200 mg Q2W, 2/47/39 completed week 52, respectively. PASI 75/90 responses were generally maintained from weeks 16 to 52 for all CZP doses. Most week 16 PASI 75/90 achievers maintained their response through week 52. PASI 75/90/100 responses at week 52 in the CZP 400 mg Q2W and CZP 200 mg Q2W groups were 83.0/81.1/41.5% and 72.9/60.4/18.8%, respectively; DLQI/INRS remission rates were 64.2/50.9% in CZP 400 mg Q2W and 58.3/27.1% in CZP 200 mg Q2W-treated patients. Reductions in mNAPSI observed for CZP-treated groups were maintained through week 52. No new safety signals were identified., CONCLUSION: CZP treatment resulted in improvements in signs and symptoms of PSO, which were maintained through week 52. The 400 mg Q2W dose could provide additional clinical benefit., TRIAL REGISTRATION: NCT03051217.
Comparative Efficacy and Relative Ranking of Biologics and Oral Therapies for Moderate-to-Severe Plaque Psoriasis: A Network Meta-analysis.$$$ INTRODUCTION: The clinical benefits of biologic and oral treatments for moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis are well-established, but efficacy outcomes can vary across therapies. Comparative efficacy analysis can be highly informative in clinical settings with multiple therapeutic options. This study assessed the short-term and long-term comparative efficacy of biologic and oral treatments for moderate-to-severe psoriasis., METHODS: A systematic literature review identified phase 2/3/4 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) through to 1 July 2020 for Food and Drug Administration- or European Medicines Agency-licensed treatments for moderate-to-severe psoriasis. Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) 75/90/100 response rates at the end of the primary response (short-term: 10-16 weeks from baseline) and maintenance periods (long-term: 48-52 weeks from baseline) were estimated using Bayesian network meta-analysis. Surfaces under the cumulative ranking curves (SUCRA) were estimated to present the relative ranking of treatments., RESULTS: In the short term (N = 71 RCTs), the PASI 90 response rates were highest for ixekizumab (72.9%, SUCRA 0.951), risankizumab (72.5%, 0.940), and brodalumab (72.0%, 0.930), which were significantly higher than those for guselkumab (65.0%, 0.795), secukinumab (65.0%, 0.794), infliximab (56.8%, 0.702), certolizumab (400 mg: 49.6%, 0.607; 200 mg: 42.2%, 0.389), ustekinumab (90 mg: 47.9%, 0.568; weight-based: 45.7%, 0.505; 45 mg: 44.6%, 0.460), adalimumab (43.0%, 0.410), tildrakizumab (200 mg: 39.7%, 0.327; 100 mg: 37.2%, 0.268), etanercept (18.0%, 0.171), apremilast (12.4%, 0.090), and dimethyl fumarate (12.2%, 0.092). The PASI 100 response rates were highest for ixekizumab (41.4%), risankizumab (40.8%), and brodalumab (40.3%). In the long term (N = 11 RCTs), the PASI 90 rate was highest for risankizumab (85.3%, SUCRA: 0.998), which were significantly higher than those for brodalumab (78.8%, 0.786), guselkumab (78.1%, 0.760), ixekizumab (72.1%, 0.577), secukinumab (67.0%, 0.450), ustekinumab (weight-based: 55.0%, 0.252), adalimumab (51.6%, 0.176), and etanercept (37.9%, 0.001). Risankizumab had the highest PASI 100 response rate (65.4%), followed by brodalumab (55.7%) and guselkumab (54.8%)., CONCLUSIONS: Ixekizumab, risankizumab, and brodalumab had the highest short-term efficacy, and risankizumab had the highest long-term efficacy.
Phosphodiesterase-4 Inhibition in Psoriasis.$$$ Psoriasis is a chronic immune-mediated inflammatory disorder. Phosphodiesterase-4 (PDE-4) is an enzyme that mediates inflammatory responses and plays a role in psoriasis pathogenesis. PDE-4 degrades its substrate cyclic adenosine monophosphate (cAMP) to adenosine monophosphate (AMP), which subsequently leads to the production of pro-inflammatory mediators. Inhibitors of PDE-4 work by blocking the degradation of cAMP, which leads to a reduction in inflammation. Apremilast is the only approved oral PDE-4 inhibitor for the treatment of psoriasis. While it is effective for some patients, it may be limited by adverse effects in others. A topical PDE-4 inhibitor, roflumilast, is being investigated in psoriasis and showing promising results. Crisaborole, a topical PDE-4 inhibitor approved for use in atopic dermatitis, has also been investigated in psoriasis. This is an updated comprehensive review to summarize the currently available evidence for the PDE-4 inhibitors apremilast, roflumilast and crisaborole in the treatment of psoriasis, with a focus on data from randomized clinical trials. Copyright © 2021 Milakovic and Gooderham.
Impact of psoriasis disease activity and other risk factors on serum urate levels in patients with psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis-a post-hoc analysis of pooled data from three phase 3 trials with secukinumab.$$$ OBJECTIVES: Our aims were to determine if the Psoriasis Area Severity Index (PASI) score and serum urate (SU) levels were associated at baseline and whether the change in PASI score during 12 weeks of treatment resulted in a significant change in SU, adjusted for relevant confounders., METHODS: Data from patients with psoriasis/PsA (n = 1042/204) in three phase 3 randomized control trials treated with secukinumab (dose 300 mg, n = 628) or placebo (n = 414) were pooled. At baseline, values for SU, PASI and the following covariates were assessed: age, sex, BMI, estimated glomerular filtration rate, and medication with diuretics. To assess the changes in PASI (DELTAPASI) and SU (DELTAurate), the differences (week 12 minus baseline) in patients receiving the active drug were used. Multivariable linear regression, adjusting for covariates, was used to assess the association between PASI and SU at baseline with all patients pooled and to assess the association between DELTAurate and DELTAPASI over 12 weeks of treatment with secukinumab., RESULTS: The degree of skin involvement of psoriasis showed a statistically significant, albeit modest, association with SU (R 2 = 0.014, P < 0.0001 univariately), whereas known risk factors for hyperuricaemia had a much larger impact cross-sectionally at baseline (R 2 = 0.33, P < 0.0001). Furthermore, a substantial improvement in PASI score resulted in only a modest decrease of SU over 12 weeks of treatment with secukinumab (R 2 = 0.014, P < 0.0001 univariately)., CONCLUSIONS: There is a statistically significant, albeit modest, association with both extent and change in PASI score and SU in patients with psoriasis, compatible with a potential pathophysiological relationship between urate and psoriasis., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ERASURE: clinicaltrials.gov, https://clinicaltrials.gov, NCT01365455; FIXTURE: clinicaltrials.gov, https://clinicaltrials.gov, NCT01358578; SCULPTURE: clinicaltrials.gov, https://clinicaltrials.gov, NCT01406938. Copyright © The Author(s) 2021. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the British Society for Rheumatology.
Magnolol may contribute to barrier function improvement on imiquimod-induced psoriasis-like dermatitis animal model via the downregulation of interleukin-23.$$$ Psoriasis is a chronic, recurrent, immune-mediated disease involving the skin and joints. Epidermal hyperproliferation, abnormal keratinocyte differentiation, angiogenesis with blood vessel dilatation, and excess T helper type-1 (Th-1) and Th-17 cell infiltration are the main histopathological features of psoriasis. Magnolol is a polyphenolic compound that exerts its biological properties through a variety of mechanisms such as the NF-kappaB/MAPK, Nrf2/HO-1 and PI3K/Akt pathways. Magnolol has been demonstrated to exert a number of therapeutic effects on dermatological processes, including acting as an anti-inflammation, antiproliferation and antioxidation agent. However, few studies have been published on the effect of magnolol on psoriasis. Therefore, the present study aimed to elucidate the mechanism of action of magnolol on psoriasis. BALB/c mice were treated topically with imiquimod (IMQ) to induce psoriasis-like dermatitis, and were randomly assigned to the control, vehicle control, low- and high-dose magnolol, and 0.25% desoximetasone ointment treatment groups in order to investigate skin barrier function, any changes in the levels of cytokines and for the histological assessment. High doses of magnolol were indicated to be able to improve the barrier function following IMQ-induced barrier disruption. Magnolol activated peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma, and also significantly inhibited the protein expression of interleukin (IL)-23, IL-1beta, IL-6, tumor necrosis factor-alpha and interferon-gamma. However, administering a high dose of magnolol did not lead to any improvement in the clinical and pathological features of the psoriasis severity Taken together, these results demonstrated that downregulation of IL-23 may contribute to barrier function improvement in a psoriatic skin model. Copyright: © Guo et al.
Long-Term Safety and Efficacy of Risankizumab in Patients with Moderate-to-Severe Chronic Plaque Psoriasis: Results from a Phase 2 Open-Label Extension Trial.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Although many biologic therapies are effective for clearing skin of patients with psoriasis, some lose effectiveness over time. This phase 2 open-label extension (OLE) trial was designed to investigate the long-term safety and efficacy of risankizumab., METHODS: In the phase 2, double-blind, active comparator, predecessor trial (NCT02054481), patients with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis were treated for 24 weeks with subcutaneous (SC) risankizumab or ustekinumab, followed by a 24-week follow-up without treatment administration. Patients could enroll in the OLE (NCT02203851) when they experienced loss of treatment response (< 50% improvement in the Psoriasis Area Severity Index [PASI 50]) during follow-up) or at the end of follow-up if treatment response was ongoing. In the OLE, patients were treated every 12 weeks for at least 48 weeks with SC risankizumab 90 or 180 mg, beginning at week 12 (OLE visit 2), if the patient had not achieved PASI 90. Efficacy endpoints included the proportions of patients who achieved PASI 50/75/90/100 and static Physician's Global Assessment (sPGA) of clear or almost clear skin at week 48 (sPGA 0/1; OLE visit 5)., RESULTS: Of the 110 enrolled patients, 99 (90.0%) completed the OLE. No patients discontinued the study because of adverse events. At week 48, 74.1% of patients achieved PASI 90, whereas 98.1, 91.7, 53.7, and 67.6% achieved PASI 50/75/100 and sPGA 0/1, respectively. All efficacy results were consistent or slightly increased at OLE week 48 compared with week 12. No new safety findings were observed., CONCLUSION: Risankizumab treatment was well tolerated with sustained clinical efficacy for at least 48 weeks., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier; NCT02203851.
Efficacy and Safety of Ixekizumab in Patients with Psoriatic Arthritis and Inadequate Response to TNF Inhibitors: 3-Year Follow-Up (SPIRIT-P2).$$$ PURPOSE: Ixekizumab is a high-affinity monoclonal antibody that selectively targets interleukin-17A. The objective of this study was to assess the long-term efficacy and safety (to week 156) of ixekizumab in patients with active psoriatic arthritis and inadequate response or intolerance to one or two tumor necrosis factor inhibitors., METHODS: In the SPIRIT-P2 study (ClinicalTrials.gov ID: NCT02349295), patients were randomized to placebo or ixekizumab 80 mg every 4 weeks (IXE Q4W) or every 2 weeks (IXE Q2W) following a 160-mg starting dose. During the extension period (weeks 24-156), patients maintained their original ixekizumab dose, and placebo patients received IXE Q4W or IXE Q2W (1:1). Exposure-adjusted incidence rates (IRs) per 100 patient-years (PY) are presented., RESULTS: Of 363 patients enrolled in the study, 310 entered the extension period. In all patients treated with IXE Q4W and IXE Q2W at week 0, responses persisted to week 156. At week 156, clinical responses (observed) in patients treated with IXE Q4W and IXE Q2W were assessed [American College of Rheumatology (ACR) response criteria and minimal disease activity (MDA) criteria]: 84 and 85% showed 20% improvement (ACR20); 60 and 58% showed 50% improvement (ACR50); 35 and 47% showed 70% improvement (ACR70), respectively; and 48 and 54% showed MDA. Placebo patients re-randomized to ixekizumab also demonstrated sustained efficacy, as measured by ACR and MDA responses. In the All Ixekizumab Exposure Safety Population (n = 337), with 644 PY of ixekizumab exposure, treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) were reported by 286 patients (44.4 IR). The most common TEAEs were upper respiratory tract infection (9.80 IR), nasopharyngitis (8.2 IR), sinusitis (6.2 IR), and bronchitis (4.5 IR). Serious adverse events were reported by 42 (6.5 IR) patients (included 3 deaths and 10 infections)., CONCLUSION: In this 156-week study of ixekizumab, improvements in signs and symptoms of psoriatic arthritis and the safety profile remained consistent with those in previous reports., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT02349295.
Clinical Trials Supporting the Role of the IL-17/IL-23 Axis in Axial Spondyloarthritis.$$$ The term spondyloarthritis (SpA) encompasses a heterogeneous group of inflammatory musculoskeletal diseases with several common genetic background and clinical features, including the possible involvement of the axial skeleton with peripheral mono- or oligo- arthritis and frequently coexisting skin, eye and intestinal manifestations. When the sacroiliac joints or other parts of the spine or thoracic wall are predominantly affected at magnetic resonance or X-ray imaging with inflammatory back pain, the disease is classified as axial SpA and the therapeutic choices are significantly different compared to cases of peripheral arthritis. Moving from the narrow effectiveness and safety profiles of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, there has been a significant research effort aimed at identifying new treatments based on our better understanding of the pathogenesis of SpA. Indeed, in parallel with the solid data demonstrating that IL-17 and IL-23 are key cytokines in the development of enthesitis and spondylitis, monoclonal antibodies interfering with this pathway have been developed for the treatment of axial SpA. Furthermore, the IL-17/IL-23 axis is key to extra-articular manifestations such as inflammatory bowel disease, uveitis, and psoriasis which are frequent comorbidities of SpA. Currently available drugs act through these mechanisms recognizing IL-23 and targeting IL-17, such as secukinumab and ixekizumab. These therapeutic approaches are now envisioned in the international treatment recommendations for psoriatic arthritis with an axial phenotype as well as for ankylosing spondylitis (AS). We will provide herein a concise comprehensive overview of the clinical evidence supporting the use of these and other drugs acting on IL-23 and IL-17 in axial SpA. Copyright © 2021 Ceribelli, Motta, Vecellio, Isailovic, Ciccia and Selmi.
IL-23 and axial disease: do they come together?.$$$ IL-23 is a key cytokine in the pathogenesis of spondyloarthritides, including PsA and axial spondyloarthritis, as well as related conditions, such as psoriasis and IBD. Genetic associations, animal models and translational studies in humans demonstrate the key role played by IL-23, especially when coupled with downstream overexpression of IL-17 via stimulation of T helper 17 (Th17) and other cells by IL-23. Whereas IL-23 inhibition has shown clear-cut benefit in psoriasis and peripheral manifestations of PsA, trials of IL-23 inhibitors have failed in the treatment of ankylosing spondylitis. More recently, exploratory data from PsA patients with axial symptoms suggests that improvement may occur, but needs confirmation in dedicated axial spondyloarthritis (axSpA) trials. Hypotheses for these apparently conflicting findings about IL-23 inhibition in various forms of spondylitis are discussed. Copyright © The Author(s) 2021. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the British Society for Rheumatology.
Targeting the Interleukin-23/Interleukin-17 Inflammatory Pathway: Successes and Failures in the Treatment of Axial Spondyloarthritis.$$$ The IL-23/IL-17 pathway has been implicated in the etiopathogenesis of axial spondyloarthritis through studies of genetic polymorphisms associated with disease, an animal model with over-expression of IL-23 that resembles human disease, and observations that cytokines in this pathway can be found at the site of disease in both humans and animal models. However, the most direct evidence has emerged from clinical trials of agents targeting cytokines in this pathway. Monoclonal antibodies targeting IL-17A have been shown to ameliorate signs and symptoms, as well as MRI inflammation in the spine and sacroiliac joints, in patients with radiographic and non-radiographic axial spondyloarthritis. This was evident in patients refractory to non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agents as well as patients failing treatment with tumor necrosis factor inhibitor therapies. Treatment with a bispecific antibody targeting both IL-17A and IL-17F was also effective in a phase II study. Post-hoc analyses have even suggested a potential disease-modifying effect in reducing development of spinal ankylosis. However, benefits for extra-articular manifestations were limited to psoriasis and did not extend to colitis and uveitis. Conversely, trials of therapies targeting IL-23 did not demonstrate any significant impact on signs, symptoms, and MRI inflammation in axial spondyloarthritis. These developments coincide with recent observations that expression of these cytokines is evident in many different cell types with roles in innate as well as adaptive immunity. Moreover, evidence has emerged for the existence of both IL-23-dependent and IL-23-independent pathways regulating expression of IL-17, potentially associated with different roles in intestinal and axial skeletal inflammation. Copyright © 2021 Wang and Maksymowych.
Expectation-induced enhancement of pain, itch and quality of life in psoriasis patients: study protocol of a randomised controlled trial.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Experimental and clinical data demonstrate that skin diseases like psoriasis are affected by psychological factors and can be modulated by interventions other than conventional drug therapy. The expectation of patients towards the benefit of a forthcoming treatment as well as treatment pre-experiences have been demonstrated as crucial factors mediating placebo responses in inflammatory skin diseases. However, it is unknown whether and to what extent treatment outcomes of psoriasis patients under therapy with monoclonal antibodies like secukinumab can be experimentally modulated at subjective and physiological levels by modifying the expectation of patients via verbal instruction or prior experience., METHODS AND ANALYSIS: Treatment expectations will be modulated in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis undergoing treatment with the anti-interleukin-17A monoclonal antibody secukinumab. Patients with a Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) >12 will be randomly allocated to one of three groups (N=40 each). As a standard schedule, patients in the pharmacological control group (group 1) will be treated weekly with 300 mg secukinumab, while patients in groups 2 and 3 will receive only 75 mg secukinumab (75% dose reduction) during all treatment weeks. In addition to the injections, patients in group 3 will ingest a novel tasting drink, with a cover story explaining that previous studies showed additional beneficial effects of this combination (drug and drink). Patients will be assessed and treated at nine visits over a 16-week period, during which the severity of pain and itch symptoms, skin lesions and quality of life will be analysed with standardised questionnaires and the PASI., ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: This study was approved by the Ethics committee of the Medical Faculty of the University Duisburg-Essen. Study outcomes will be published in peer-reviewed scientific journals. Copyright © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2021. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Secukinumab provides sustained improvement in signs and symptoms and low radiographic progression in patients with psoriatic arthritis: 2-year (end-of-study) results from the FUTURE 5 study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Secukinumab provided sustained efficacy, low radiographic progression and consistent safety over 52 weeks in patients with psoriatic arthritis (PsA) in the FUTURE 5 study. Here, we report 2-year (end-of-study) results from this study., METHODS: Adults with active PsA were randomised 2:2:2:3 to receive subcutaneous secukinumab 300 mg load (300 mg), 150 mg load (150 mg), 150 mg no load or placebo at baseline; weeks 1, 2, 3 and 4; and every 4 weeks thereafter. Secukinumab could be escalated from 150 mg to 300 mg starting at week 52, if active signs of disease were observed based on physician's assessment. Assessments at week 104 (2 years) included clinical end points and radiographic damage (mean change in van der Heijde-modified total Sharp score (vdH-mTSS)). Safety analysis included all patients who received >=1 dose of study medication., RESULTS: Of the 996 patients randomised, 783 patients (78.6%) completed 2 years of treatment. Improvement in clinical end points was sustained through 2 years. The vdH-mTSS (mean change (SD)) was 0.10 (1.74; 300 mg), 0.52 (2.66; 150 mg) and 0.41 (2.20; 150 mg no load) at 2 years. The proportion of patients with no radiographic progression (change from baseline in vdH-mTSS <=0.5) at 2 years was 89.5% (300 mg), 82.3% (150 mg) and 81.1% (150 mg no load)., CONCLUSION: Secukinumab with and without loading regimen provided sustained clinical efficacy and low radiographic progression through 2 years in patients with PsA. No new safety findings were reported., TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NCT02404350. Copyright © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2021. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Trial of Spesolimab for Generalized Pustular Psoriasis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Generalized pustular psoriasis (GPP) is a rare, life-threatening, inflammatory skin disease characterized by widespread eruption of sterile pustules. Interleukin-36 signaling is involved in the pathogenesis of this disorder. Spesolimab, a humanized anti-interleukin-36 receptor monoclonal antibody, is being studied for the treatment of GPP flares., METHODS: In a phase 2 trial, we randomly assigned patients with a GPP flare in a 2:1 ratio to receive a single 900-mg intravenous dose of spesolimab or placebo. Patients in both groups could receive an open-label dose of spesolimab on day 8, an open-label dose of spesolimab as a rescue medication after day 8, or both and were followed to week 12. The primary end point was a Generalized Pustular Psoriasis Physician Global Assessment (GPPGA) pustulation subscore of 0 (range, 0 [no visible pustules] to 4 [severe pustulation]) at the end of week 1. The key secondary end point was a GPPGA total score of 0 or 1 (clear or almost clear skin) at the end of week 1; scores range from 0 to 4, with higher scores indicating greater disease severity., RESULTS: A total of 53 patients were enrolled: 35 were assigned to receive spesolimab and 18 to receive placebo. At baseline, 46% of the patients in the spesolimab group and 39% of those in the placebo group had a GPPGA pustulation subscore of 3, and 37% and 33%, respectively, had a pustulation subscore of 4. At the end of week 1, a total of 19 of 35 patients (54%) in the spesolimab group had a pustulation subscore of 0, as compared with 1 of 18 patients (6%) in the placebo group (difference, 49 percentage points; 95% confidence interval [CI], 21 to 67; P<0.001). A total of 15 of 35 patients (43%) had a GPPGA total score of 0 or 1, as compared with 2 of 18 patients (11%) in the placebo group (difference, 32 percentage points; 95% CI, 2 to 53; P = 0.02). Drug reactions were reported in 2 patients who received spesolimab, in 1 of them concurrently with a drug-induced hepatic injury. Among patients assigned to the spesolimab group, infections occurred in 6 of 35 (17%) through the first week; among patients who received spesolimab at any time in the trial, infections had occurred in 24 of 51 (47%) at week 12. Antidrug antibodies were detected in 23 of 50 patients (46%) who received at least one dose of spesolimab., CONCLUSIONS: In a phase 2 randomized trial involving patients with GPP, the interleukin-36 receptor inhibitor spesolimab resulted in a higher incidence of lesion clearance at 1 week than placebo but was associated with infections and systemic drug reactions. Longer and larger trials are warranted to determine the effect and risks of spesolimab in patients with pustular psoriasis. (Funded by Boehringer Ingelheim; Effisayil 1 ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT03782792.). Copyright © 2021 Massachusetts Medical Society.
Effect of Therapeutic Drug Monitoring vs Standard Therapy During Maintenance Infliximab Therapy on Disease Control in Patients With Immune-Mediated Inflammatory Diseases: A Randomized Clinical Trial.$$$ Importance: Proactive therapeutic drug monitoring (TDM), consisting of individualized treatment based on scheduled assessments of serum drug levels, has been proposed as an alternative to standard therapy to optimize efficacy and safety of infliximab and other biologic drugs. However, it remains unclear whether proactive TDM improves clinical outcomes during maintenance therapy., Objective: To assess whether proactive TDM during maintenance therapy with infliximab improves treatment efficacy by preventing disease worsening compared with standard infliximab therapy without TDM., Design, Setting, and Participants: Randomized, parallel-group, open-label clinical trial including 458 adults with rheumatoid arthritis, spondyloarthritis, psoriatic arthritis, ulcerative colitis, Crohn disease, or psoriasis undergoing maintenance therapy with infliximab in 20 Norwegian hospitals. Patients were recruited from June 7, 2017, to December 12, 2019. Final follow-up took place on December 14, 2020., Interventions: Patients were randomized 1:1 to proactive TDM with dose and interval adjustments based on scheduled monitoring of serum drug levels and antidrug antibodies (TDM group; n = 228) or to standard infliximab therapy without drug and antibody level monitoring (standard therapy group; n = 230)., Main Outcome and Measures: The primary outcome was sustained disease control without disease worsening, defined by disease-specific composite scores or consensus about disease worsening between patient and physician leading to a major change in treatment (switching to another biologic drug, adding an immunosuppressive drug including glucocorticoids, or increasing the infliximab dose), during the 52-week study period., Results: Among 458 randomized patients (mean age, 44.8 [SD, 14.3] years; 216 women [49.8%]), 454 received their randomly allocated intervention and were included in the full analysis set. The primary outcome of sustained disease control without disease worsening was observed in 167 patients (73.6%) in the TDM group and 127 patients (55.9%) in the standard therapy group. The estimated adjusted difference was 17.6% (95% CI, 9.0%-26.2%; P < .001) favoring TDM. Adverse events were reported in 137 patients (60%) and 142 patients (63%) in the TDM and standard therapy groups, respectively., Conclusions and Relevance: Among patients with immune-mediated inflammatory diseases undergoing maintenance therapy with infliximab, proactive TDM was more effective than treatment without TDM in sustaining disease control without disease worsening. Further research is needed to compare proactive TDM with reactive TDM, to assess the effects on long-term disease complications, and to evaluate the cost-effectiveness of this approach., Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT03074656.
Role of clinical and biochemical inflammation in structural progression of patients with psoriatic arthritis.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine the contribution of clinical and biochemical inflammation to structural progression of patients with psoriatic arthritis (PsA)., METHODS: We analysed patients from the Infliximab Multinational Psoriatic Arthritis Controlled Trial 2 trial (infliximab vs placebo). We obtained total modified Sharp/van-der-Heijde Scores from baseline and year one images, and swollen joint counts (SJC) and levels of C reactive protein (CRP) throughout the second half of year 1 (5 measurements) from 74 placebo-treated patients. We computed radiographic progression, time-averaged SJC (taSJC) and CRP (taCRP) values and assessed their impact on structural progression by logistic regression analysis. We further categorised patients as 'active' (+) or 'inactive' (-) based on their taSJC (cut-off point: 2/66 joints) and taCRP (cut-off point: 0.5 mg/dL) and compared radiographic progression across three groups (double inactive, single active, double active)., RESULTS: ORs for progression were 1.24 (95 % CI 1.04 to 1.47; p=0.016) for taSJC and 6.08 (95 % CI 1.12 to 33.03; p=0.036) for taCRP. When predictors were dichotomised (+ vs -), differences were maintained between taSJC+ and taSJC- patients (1.05+/-3.21 and 0.56+/-2.30, respectively), as well as for taCRP+ vs taCRP- patients (1.14+/-3.23 and 0.05+/-2.37, respectively). Progression was intermediate in the presence of abnormalities of one but not the other inflammatory variable, indicating increasing radiographic progression with increasing inflammation (p=0.05)., CONCLUSION: In patients with PsA, both clinical and biochemical inflammation have an impact on structural progression. Overall, progression is smallest in the absence of both clinical and biochemical inflammation, higher when either clinical or biochemical inflammation is present and highest with both clinical and biochemical inflammation. Copyright © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2021. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Psoriatic patients treated with secukinumab reach high levels of minimal disease activity: results from the SUPREME study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Achieving minimal disease activity (MDA) represents an ambitious and sustainable therapeutic goal in psoriasis. Clear criteria for defining MDA in psoriasis are lacking., OBJECTIVES: The primary outcome was to evaluate the effect of 300 mg secukinumab in achieving MDA in patients with psoriasis and identify the most useful criteria to define MDA in such patients. The secondary outcome was to identify clinical factors influencing MDA., MATERIALS & METHODS: In this post hoc analysis of the SUPREME study, in which 433 patients were enrolled, MDA was assessed using established criteria: >=90% improvement in Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI 90) and Dermatology Life Quality Index 0/1 (MDA-1), PASI score <=1 or body surface area (BSA) <3% (MDA-2), or Investigator Global Assessment x BSA (MDA-1a and MDA-2a), for which cut-off values were obtained in patients achieving MDA-1 and MDA-2, respectively., RESULTS: After 16 weeks of secukinumab, 65% and 76% of the evaluable population achieved MDA-1 and MDA-2, respectively; at Week 24, this was 70% and 83%. Factors that positively influenced MDA at Week 16 were younger age, lower weight and body mass index, absence of depression and anxiety, and lower serum levels of complement C3 and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein. MDA-1a and MDA-2a were achieved by 64% and 74% of patients at Week 16 and by 70% and 81% at Week 24, respectively., CONCLUSION: Patients treated with secukinumab achieved high levels of MDA at Weeks 16 and 24, regardless of the method used to calculate MDA.
Tofacitinib in juvenile idiopathic arthritis: a double-blind, placebo-controlled, withdrawal phase 3 randomised trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Tofacitinib is an oral Janus kinase inhibitor. This trial assessed the efficacy and safety of tofacitinib versus placebo in patients with polyarticular course juvenile idiopathic arthritis (JIA)., METHODS: This double-blind, withdrawal phase 3 trial enrolled patients with polyarticular course JIA (extended oligoarthritis, rheumatoid factor-positive or rheumatoid factor-negative polyarthritis, or systemic JIA without active systemic features) aged 2 years to younger than 18 years, and was done at 64 centres of the Paediatric Rheumatology International Trials Organisation and Pediatric Rheumatology Collaborative Study Group networks in 14 countries. Patients with psoriatic arthritis or enthesitis-related arthritis were enrolled for exploratory endpoints. During part 1 of the study, patients received oral open-label tofacitinib (weight-based doses; 5 mg twice daily or lower) for 18 weeks. Patients achieving at least JIA/American College of Rheumatology 30 response were randomly assigned (1:1) using an Interactive Response Technology system to continue tofacitinib or switch to placebo in part 2 of the study for 26 weeks. The primary endpoint was JIA flare rate by week 44 in part 2 in patients with polyarticular course JIA; the intention-to-treat principle was applied. Safety was evaluated throughout part 1 and part 2 of the study in all patients who received one dose or more of study medication. This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT02592434., FINDINGS: Between June 10, 2016, and May 16, 2019, of 225 patients enrolled, 184 (82%) patients had polyarticular course JIA, 20 (9%) had psoriatic arthritis, and 21 (9%) had enthesitis-related arthritis. 147 (65%) of 225 patients received concomitant methotrexate. In part 2, 142 patients with polyarticular course JIA were assigned to tofacitinib (n=72) or placebo (n=70). Flare rate by week 44 was significantly lower with tofacitinib (21 [29%] of 72 patients) than with placebo (37 [53%] of 70 patients; hazard ratio 0.46, 95% CI 0.27-0.79; p=0.0031). In part 2 of the study, adverse events occurred in 68 (77%) of 88 patients receiving tofacitinib and 63 (74%) of 85 in the placebo group. Serious adverse events occurred in one (1%) and two (2%), respectively. In the entire tofacitinib exposure period, 107 (48%) of 225 patients had infections or infestations. There were no deaths during this study., INTERPRETATION: The results of this pivotal trial show that tofacitinib is an effective treatment in patients with polyarticular course JIA. New oral therapies are particularly relevant for children and adolescents, who might prefer to avoid injections., FUNDING: Pfizer. Copyright © 2021 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Secukinumab: A Review in Moderate to Severe Pediatric Plaque Psoriasis.$$$ Subcutaneous secukinumab (Cosentyx R) is a recombinant, fully human, immunoglobulin (Ig) G1kappa monoclonal antibody targeted against interleukin (IL)-17A, a proinflammatory cytokine involved in the pathogenesis of psoriasis. Secukinumab is approved in the EU and the USA for the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis in pediatric patients aged >= 6 years. In pivotal phase III trials in pediatric patients aged 6 to < 18 years, both low (75-150 mg) and high (75-300 mg) doses of secukinumab were significantly better than placebo and numerically better than etanercept at week 12 in terms of the proportion of patients achieving >= 75% improvement from baseline in Psoriasis Area and Severity Index and significantly better than placebo and etanercept in terms of the proportion of patients achieving an Investigator's Global Assessment score of 0 or 1. The clinical efficacy of secukinumab observed during the first 12 weeks of treatment was maintained over the longer term. Treatment with secukinumab improved health-related quality of life and was generally well tolerated. In conclusion, secukinumab represents a valuable new addition to the limited treatment options available for children and adolescents with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. Copyright © 2021. The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
Upadacitinib in patients with psoriatic arthritis and an inadequate response to non-biological therapy: 56-week data from the phase 3 SELECT-PsA 1 study.$$$ BACKGROUND: In SELECT-PsA 1, a randomised double-blind phase 3 study, upadacitinib 15 mg and 30 mg were superior to placebo and non-inferior to adalimumab in >=20% improvement in American College of Rheumatology (ACR) criteria at 12 weeks in patients with psoriatic arthritis (PsA). Here, we report 56-week efficacy and safety in patients from SELECT-PsA 1., METHODS: Patients received upadacitinib 15 mg or 30 mg once daily, adalimumab 40 mg every other week for 56 weeks or placebo through week 24 switched thereafter to upadacitinib 15 mg or 30 mg until week 56. Efficacy endpoints included the proportion of patients achieving >=20%/50%/70% improvement in ACR criteria (ACR20/50/70), >=75%/90%/100% improvement in Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI75/90/100), minimal disease activity (MDA) and change from baseline in modified total Sharp/van der Heijde Score. Treatment-emergent adverse events per 100 patient years (PY) were summarised., RESULTS: Consistent with results through week 24, ACR20/50/70, PASI75/90/100 and MDA responses were maintained with upadacitinib through week 56 and were generally numerically higher than with adalimumab; inhibition of radiographic progression was also maintained. Patients who switched from placebo to upadacitinib exhibited comparable improvements at week 56 as patients originally randomised to upadacitinib. The rates of serious adverse events were 9.1 events/100 PY with upadacitinib 15 mg and 12.3 events/100 PY with upadacitinib 30 mg. Two deaths were reported in each of the upadacitinib groups., CONCLUSION: Efficacy across various domains of PsA were maintained with upadacitinib 15 mg and 30 mg through week 56 with no new safety signals observed. Copyright © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2021. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Efficacy, Safety and Immunogenicity of AVT02 Versus Originator Adalimumab in Subjects with Moderate to Severe Chronic Plaque Psoriasis: A Multicentre, Double-Blind, Randomised, Parallel Group, Active Control, Phase III Study.$$$ BACKGROUND: AVT02 (adalimumab) is a proposed biosimilar to Humira R. AVT02 is produced at a 100 mg/mL concentration with a citrate-free formulation., OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to compare the efficacy, safety and immunogenicity of AVT02 versus Humira R in subjects with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis., METHODS: This double-blind, randomised, parallel group, active control study of adult subjects compared (at a 1:1 ratio) AVT02 with originator adalimumab 80 mg subcutaneously in Week 1, then 40 mg every other week. At Week 16, subjects who had received originator adalimumab were re-randomised at a 1:1 ratio to continue receiving originator adalimumab, or to switch to AVT02, every other week until Week 48, with final efficacy endpoint at Week 50. Subjects who initially received AVT02 continued to receive AVT02 from Week 16 to Week 48. The primary endpoint was percentage improvement in Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) score at Week 16. Secondary efficacy endpoints included percentage improvement in PASI score at additional timepoints, change from baseline in Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI) score and number and percentage of subjects achieving static Physician's Global Assessment (sPGA) responses of 'clear' or 'almost clear'. Additional secondary endpoints included comparison of adverse event profiles, anti-drug antibodies and neutralising antibodies, and serum trough levels of adalimumab at steady state., RESULTS: A total of 413 subjects were randomised (205 to AVT02 and 208 to originator). The percentage improvement in PASI score at Week16 was 91.6% for AVT02-treated subjects and 89.6% for originator adalimumab. The 90% confidence intervals for the primary endpoint were within the pre-defined equivalence margin of +/-10% (90% CI - 0.76 to 5.29; 95% CI - 1.34 to 5.88), and a comparable pattern for DLQI score (11.4-point and 10.6-point improvement in AVT02-treated and originator adalimumab-treated groups, respectively) and sPGA (90.5% in both groups achieving 'clear' or 'almost clear') at Week 16 supported the assessment. Efficacy persisted through Week 50 of the study in all treatment groups, including those who switched from originator adalimumab to AVT02, for percent improvement in PASI score, quality-of-life assessment and sPGA. The safety, tolerability and immunogenicity profiles between AVT02 and originator adalimumab were similar at Week 16, and this persisted in the switched and continued groups through Week 50., CONCLUSION: Objective and subjective measures of efficacy supported the evaluation of biosimilarity between AVT02 and originator adalimumab at Week 16 and until Week 50, in switched and continued treatment groups. AVT02 was safe and well tolerated, with a safety and immunogenicity profile similar to that observed in originator adalimumab with no clinically meaningful difference between the two., CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: EudraCT: 2017-003367-35; ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT03849404. Copyright © 2021. The Author(s).
Dose reduction of the new generation biologics (IL-17 and IL-23 inhibitors) in psoriasis: study protocol for an international, pragmatic, multicenter, randomized, controlled, non-inferiority study-the BeNeBio study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Psoriasis is a chronic immune-mediated inflammatory skin disease for which biologics are effective treatments. Dose reduction (DR) of the first generation biologics seems a promising way for more efficient use of expensive biologics. A substantial part of patients on tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alfa inhibitors and ustekinumab could successfully lower their dose, after following a tightly controlled DR strategy. The objective of this study is to assess whether controlled DR of interleukin (IL)-17 and IL-23 inhibitors in psoriasis patients with low disease activity is non-inferior (NI) to usual care (UC)., METHODS: This is an international, prospective, multicenter, pragmatic, randomized, non-inferiority trial. A total of 244 patients with stable low disease activity (Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) <= 5) for at least 6 months and using secukinumab, ixekizumab, brodalumab, guselkumab, risankizumab, or tildrakizumab in the standard dose, together with stable low disease activity, defined as a PASI <= 5 and Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI) <= 5 at the moment of inclusion, will be randomized 2:1 to DR or UC. In the DR group, dosing intervals will be prolonged stepwise to achieve 66% and 50% of the original dose. Disease activity is monitored every 3 months by PASI and DLQI. In case of disease flare (i.e., PASI and/or DLQI increase), treatment is adjusted to the previous effective dose. The primary outcome is the incidence proportion of persistent flares (PASI > 5 for >= 3 months), which will be compared between arms. Secondary outcomes include proportion of patients with successful DR, (course of) PASI and DLQI, serious adverse events (SAEs), health-related quality of life, costs, and pharmacokinetic profile. Outcomes of DR will be compared to UC., DISCUSSION: With this study, we aim to assess whether DR of IL-17 and IL-23 inhibiting biologics can be achieved for psoriasis patients with low disease activity, without losing disease control. Reducing the dose may lead to more efficient use of biologics., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT04340076 . Registered on April 9 2020. Copyright © 2021. The Author(s).
Use of upadacitinib in the treatment of psoriatic arthritis.$$$ Upadacitinib, a selective JAK1 inhibitor, has been evaluated for efficacy and safety in the treatment of psoriatic arthritis (PsA). Relevant literature using the terms 'upadacitinib' and 'PsA' were identified via PubMed and Google Scholar. Efficacy of upadacitinib in the treatment of PsA versus placebo was demonstrated in the SELECT-PsA I and II trials. SELECT-PsA1 also showed upadacitinib was noninferior to adalimumab in the treatment of PsA. The most common adverse events in patients treated with upadacitinib were infections, malignancies and thromboembolic events. Upadacitinib is an effective medication that can be used in the treatment of active PsA. Despite its proven efficacy and safety, upadacitinib does not yet have long-term safety data.
Effect of Costimulatory Blockade With Abatacept After Ustekinumab Withdrawal in Patients With Moderate to Severe Plaque Psoriasis: The PAUSE Randomized Clinical Trial.$$$ IMPORTANCE: Psoriasis relapse may involve compensatory T-cell activation pathways in the presence of CD28-CD80/CD86 blockade with abatacept., OBJECTIVE: To determine whether costimulatory signaling blockade with abatacept prevents psoriasis relapse after ustekinumab withdrawal., DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: Psoriasis Treatment with Abatacept and Ustekinumab: a Study of Efficacy (PAUSE), a parallel-design, double-blind, placebo-controlled randomized clinical trial, was conducted at 10 sites in the US and Canada. Participant enrollment opened on March 19, 2014, and concluded on April 11, 2016. Participants were adults with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis and received ustekinumab in a lead-in phase. Those who responded to ustekinumab at week 12 were randomized 1:1 to either the continued with ustekinumab group (ustekinumab group) or the switched to abatacept group (abatacept group). Treatment was discontinued at week 39, and participants were followed up for psoriasis relapse until week 88. Statistical analyses were performed in the intention-to-treat (ITT) and safety samples from May 3, 2018, to July 6, 2021., INTERVENTIONS: Participants received subcutaneous ustekinumab at weeks 0 and 4 (45 mg per dose for those <=100 kg; 90 mg per dose for those >100 kg). Participants randomized to the abatacept group at week 12 received subcutaneous abatacept, 125 mg weekly, from weeks 12 to 39 and ustekinumab placebo at weeks 16 and 28. Participants randomized to the ustekinumab group received ustekinumab at weeks 16 and 28 and abatacept placebo weekly from weeks 12 to 39., MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: The primary end point was the proportion of participants with psoriasis relapse (loss of >=50% of the initial Psoriasis Area and Severity Index improvement) between weeks 12 and 88. Secondary end points included time to psoriasis relapse, proportion of participants with psoriasis relapse between weeks 12 and 40, and adverse events. The psoriasis transcriptome and serum cytokines were evaluated., RESULTS: A total of 108 participants (mean [SD] age, 46.1 [12.1] years; 73 [67.6%] men) were treated with open-label ustekinumab; 91 were randomized to blinded treatment. Similar proportions of participants in the abatacept group and the ustekinumab group relapsed between weeks 12 and 88 (41 of 45 [91.1%] vs 40 of 46 [87.0%]; P = .41). Median time to relapse from the last dose of ustekinumab was similar between groups as well: 36 weeks (95% CI, 36-48 weeks) in the abatacept group vs 32 weeks (95% CI, 28-40 weeks) in the ustekinumab group. Similar numbers and rates of adverse events occurred. Abatacept did not maintain suppression of the pathogenic IL-23-mediated psoriasis molecular signature in lesions after ustekinumab withdrawal, and serum IL-19 levels increased., CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: This parallel-design, double-blind randomized clinical trial found that abatacept did not prevent psoriasis relapse that occurred after ustekinumab withdrawal because it did not completely block the pathogenic psoriasis molecular pathways that led to relapse., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT01999868.
Biological Therapy Interruption and Re-Treatment in Chronic Plaque Psoriasis.$$$ While biological treatments for chronic plaque psoriasis should be administered continuously to maximize and maintain efficacy, interruptions in therapy may be necessary for a number of reasons. We reviewed the evidence from clinical trials on efficacy, safety and immunogenicity in clinical trials for approved biologic agents for chronic plaque psoriasis. A systematic search of three major medical databases was performed and a total of 35 articles were included into the analysis, including 13 controlled trials. Trials assessing continuous therapy against dosing as-needed therapy (including infliximab, etanercept and secukinumab) have demonstrated superior efficacy for continuous regimes. However, randomized withdrawal trials for etanercept, adalimumab, ixekizumab, brodalumab, guselkumab, risankizumab and tildrakizumab, showed no significant impact on skin clearance rates in patients who are interrupted once and then re-treated. With the possible exception of infliximab, temporary interruption in biologic therapy appears to be safe and most agents will regain efficacy after re-introduction. J Drugs Dermatol. 2021;20(10):1063-1071. doi:10.36849/JDD.5716.
Risk of herpes zoster associated with biological therapies for psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis: A systematic review and meta-analysis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Biological therapy is effective for the treatment of psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis; however, adverse effects related to immunosuppression, such as viral infections, have been reported. Amongst these infections, herpes zoster (HZ) is common., OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the risk of HZ in psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis patients treated with biological therapy., DATA SOURCES: A comprehensive literature search of PubMed, Embase, and Web of Science was performed using certain keywords until October 9, 2020. Nine studies were included after a detailed assessment., STUDY ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA: The eligibility criteria included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and observational studies of patients with psoriasis or psoriatic arthritis treated with biological therapies; compared with non-biological therapies, non-biological systemic therapies, or controls; with the incidence of HZ reported in case and control groups. The Cochrane risk of bias tool and Newcastle-Ottawa scale were used to assess the quality of the RCTs and observational studies, respectively. Data were extracted from 9 eligible studies and then analyzed using Stata software (Version 12.0)., RESULTS: The risk of HZ in biological therapies was higher than that in non-biological (odds ratios [OR]: 1.48; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.18-1.86; I2 = 0%) and non-biological systemic (OR: 1.32; 95% CI: 1.02-1.71; I2 = 0%) therapies. Furthermore, the risk of HZ associated with tumor necrosis factor-alpha inhibitors increased significantly (OR: 1.50; 95% CI: 1.11-2.02; I2 = 0%). Notably, infliximab (OR: 2.43; 95% CI: 1.31-4.50; I2 = 0%) and etanercept (OR: 1.65; 95% CI: 1.07-2.56; I2 = 0%) increased the risk of HZ, while adalimumab (OR: 1.21; 95% CI: 0.64-2.30; I2 = 0%), ustekinumab (OR: 2.20; 95% CI: 0.89-5.44; I2 = 0%), alefacept (OR: 1.46; 95% CI: 0.20-10.47; I2 = 0%), and efalizumab (OR: 1.58; 95% CI: 0.22-11.34; I2 = 0%) did not., LIMITATIONS: Few RCTs have reported HZ incidents; thus, our results require confirmation via large-scale RCTs., CONCLUSIONS AND IMPLICATIONS OF KEY FINDINGS: Biological therapies, especially tumor necrosis factor-alpha inhibitors, may lead to the risk of HZ in psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis patients. Amongst these agents, infliximab and etanercept have been shown to significantly increase the risk of HZ. Additionally, younger age and female sex may be risk factors., SYSTEMATIC REVIEW REGISTRATION NUMBER: INPLASY202110027. Copyright © 2021 the Author(s). Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc.
Efficacy and safety of secukinumab in patients with psoriatic arthritis: A meta-analysis of different dosing regimens.$$$ The appropriate dosing regimens of secukinumab for psoriatic arthritis (PsA) are not well defined. We performed a meta-analysis to evaluate the efficacy and safety of different dosing regimens of secukinumab in the treatment of PsA. A systematic search was conducted using major electronic databases to identify relevant randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing secukinumab 300 mg versus secukinumab 150 mg in patients with PsA. Meta-analysis was performed using Review Manager software (version 5.3). Six studies with a total of 1141 patients were included. At week 24, secukinumab 300 mg was associated with a higher American College of Rheumatology 20% response (ACR 20), ACR 50, PASI 75 response rate, and dactylitis resolution rate than secukinumab 150 mg, especially in the anti-TNF-IR subgroup. At week 52, secukinumab 300 mg was associated with a higher psoriasis area and severity index (PASI) 75 and PASI 90 response rate than secukinumab 150 mg. There was no significant difference between secukinumab 300 mg and secukinumab 150 mg in the risk of any adverse events (AEs) and serious AEs at either week 24 or week 52. Secukinumab 300 mg was significantly more effective than 150 mg, especially for patients with PsA who have failed TNF therapy, and it was well tolerated.
Biologic Treatment in Combination with Lifestyle Intervention in Moderate to Severe Plaque Psoriasis and Concomitant Metabolic Syndrome: Rationale and Methodology of the METABOLyx Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial.$$$ Inflammatory diseases including psoriasis are associated with metabolic and cardiovascular comorbidities, including obesity and metabolic syndrome. Obesity is associated with greater psoriasis disease severity and reduced response to treatment. Therefore, targeting metabolic comorbidities could improve patients' health status and psoriasis-specific outcomes. METABOLyx is a randomized controlled trial evaluating the combination of a lifestyle intervention program with secukinumab treatment in psoriasis. Here, the rationale, methodology and baseline patient characteristics of METABOLyx are presented. A total of 768 patients with concomitant moderate to severe plaque psoriasis and metabolic syndrome were randomized to secukinumab 300 mg, or secukinumab 300 mg plus a tailored lifestyle intervention program, over 24 weeks. A substudy of immunologic and metabolic biomarkers is ongoing. The primary endpoint of METABOLyx is PASI90 response at week 24. Other endpoints include patient-reported outcomes and safety. METABOLyx represents the first large scale clinical trial of an immunomodulatory biologic in combination with a standardized lifestyle intervention.
The Safety and Immunologic Effectiveness of the Live Varicella-Zoster Vaccine in Patients Receiving Tumor Necrosis Factor Inhibitor Therapy : A Randomized Controlled Trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: The safety and effectiveness of live virus vaccines, such as the varicella-zoster vaccine, are unknown in patients with inflammatory diseases receiving immunomodulatory therapy such as tumor necrosis factor inhibitors (TNFis)., OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the safety and immunogenicity of the live attenuated zoster vaccine (ZVL) in patients receiving TNFis., DESIGN: Randomized, blinded, placebo-controlled trial. (ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT02538341)., SETTING: Academic and community-based rheumatology, gastroenterology, and dermatology practices., PATIENTS: Adults aged 50 years or older receiving TNFis for any indication., INTERVENTION: Random assignment to ZVL versus placebo., MEASUREMENTS: Glycoprotein enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (gpELISA) and enzyme-linked immunosorbent spot (ELISpot) from serum and peripheral blood mononuclear cells measured at baseline and 6 weeks after vaccination. Suspected varicella infection or herpes zoster was clinically assessed using digital photographs and polymerase chain reaction on vesicular fluid., RESULTS: Between March 2015 and December 2018, 617 participants were randomly assigned in a 1:1 ratio to receive ZVL (n = 310) or placebo (n = 307) at 33 centers. Mean age was 62.7 years (SD, 7.5); 66.1% of participants were female, 90% were White, 8.2% were Black, and 5.9% were Hispanic. The most common TNFi indications were rheumatoid arthritis (57.6%) and psoriatic arthritis (24.1%); TNFi medications were adalimumab (32.7%), infliximab (31.3%), etanercept (21.2%), golimumab (9.1%), and certolizumab (5.7%). Concomitant therapies included methotrexate (48.0%) and oral glucocorticoids (10.5%). Through week 6, no cases of confirmed varicella infection were found; cumulative incidence of varicella infection or shingles was 0.0% (95% CI, 0.0% to 1.2%). At 6 weeks, compared with baseline, the mean increases in geometric mean fold rise as measured by gpELISA and ELISpot were 1.33 percentage points (CI, 1.17 to 1.51 percentage points) and 1.39 percentage points (CI, 1.07 to 1.82 percentage points), respectively., LIMITATION: Potentially limited generalizability to patients receiving other types of immunomodulators., CONCLUSION: This trial informs safety concerns related to use of live virus vaccines in patients receiving biologics., PRIMARY FUNDING SOURCE: The National Institute of Arthritis and Musculoskeletal and Skin Diseases and the American College of Rheumatology.
Real-world effectiveness of guselkumab in patients with psoriasis: Health-related quality of life and efficacy data from the noninterventional, prospective, German multicenter PERSIST trial.$$$ Psoriasis is a common, chronic inflammatory skin disorder negatively impacting health-related quality of life (HRQoL). Guselkumab, targeting interleukin-23 (IL-23), is an approved biologic therapy for psoriasis. PERSIST is an ongoing prospective, noninterventional, long-term, German multicenter study evaluating the effect of guselkumab on HRQoL, and its efficacy and safety in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis in a real-world setting. The primary endpoint is the proportion of patients with a Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI) score <= 1 at week 28. Of 303 patients enrolled and treated with guselkumab, mean age and disease duration were 49.7 and 21.0 years, respectively, and 51.2% (n = 155) of patients had received >=1 prior biologic therapy. Mean baseline DLQI score was 13.7, and mean symptom and sign scores in the Psoriasis Symptoms and Signs Diary (PSSD) were 51.9 and 60.8, respectively. Baseline Psoriasis Area Severity Index (PASI) and body surface area (%) scores were 16.4 and 27.5. Following 28 weeks of guselkumab treatment, the mean DLQI score decreased to 2.8, and 56.8% of patients (n = 150) achieved DLQI <= 1. Mean PSSD symptom and sign scores also improved, decreasing to 12.5 and 15.9, respectively. At week 28, PASI 90 response was 55.3%; significant improvement was observed in patients with psoriasis in difficult-to-treat areas. Overall, analyses demonstrated that guselkumab was effective in the real-world setting, as measured by HRQoL and skin improvements, even in patients with a high burden of disease and those who have received multiple biologic therapies. No new safety signals were observed. Copyright © 2021 Janssen Cilag GmbH. The Journal of Dermatology published by John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd on behalf of Japanese Dermatological Association.
Network meta-analyses in psoriasis: overview and critical discussion.$$$ Network meta-analyses (NMAs) increasingly assist in treatment decisions in disease areas such as psoriasis, where data from multiple clinical trials (CTs) on a growing number of different drugs become available. This study aimed to characterize NMAs published in psoriasis. A systematic literature search in PubMed was conducted using a structured search protocol based on the PRISMA criteria. Twenty-seven NMAs were identified, including an average of 43 CTs per NMA. Only eight of 27 NMAs (29.6%) were documented in the PROSPERO registry and only 17 (63%) reported following the PRISMA criteria. The mean number of patients per NMA was 19 624 (range: 6113-51 749). Across all NMAs, the drugs most frequently included were ustekinumab (n = 27 NMAs), followed by adalimumab (n = 25), infliximab and etanercept (n = 24 each). In all n = 27 NMAs, placebo comparisons and in n = 25, comparisons with active controls were used for bridging. Effect estimates were performed in all cases, SUCRA in 14. Most frequently used outcomes were Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) 75 (n = 25) and PASI 90 (n = 24), and Dermatology Life Quality Index (n = 10). NMAs mostly measured induction efficacy (weeks 10-16, n = 25) but rarely long-term outcomes (weeks 48-56, n = 4). Sensitivity analyses were performed in n = 17 (63%) of the studies. Main results varied considerably between studies and depended on the year of publication and thus the number of available drugs and studies. However, the concordance between NMA efficacy rankings based on PASI 75 was high. Although a large number of NMAs have been published on psoriasis showing highly comparable results on efficacy, no sufficient information on the quality criteria was reported, and PROSPERO registry criteria were not followed. This argues in favour of greater standardization of NMA methodology and reporting. Copyright © 2021 The Authors. Journal of the European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
The Biological Disease-Modifying Antirheumatic Drugs and the Risk of Cardiovascular Events: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess the association between the use of biological disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs (bDMARDs) and the risk of cardiovascular events in patients with systemic inflammatory conditions., METHODS: Eligible cohort studies or randomized controlled trials (RCTs) from inception to January 2021 were included. Pooled odds ratios (ORs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for cardiovascular outcomes were calculated in the fixed- and random-effects model accordingly. Associated factors with risks of cardiovascular events were also studied in sensitivity analyses and metaregression analyses., RESULTS: Compared with non-bDMARD users, the risks of myocardial infarction (MI) (OR = 0.74, 95% CI, 0.63 to 0.87), heart failure (OR = 0.84, 95% CI, 0.74 to 0.95), cardiovascular (CV) death (OR = 0.62, 95% CI, 0.40 to 0.95), all-cause mortality (OR = 0.64, 95% CI, 0.58 to 0.70), and 3P-MACE (composite endpoint of MI, stroke, and CV death) (OR = 0.69, 95% CI, 0.53 to 0.89) were significantly reduced in bDMARD users, which were mainly driven by the risk reduction in patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA). TNF-alpha inhibitors exhibited consistent benefits in reducing the risks of MI, heart failure, CV death, all-cause mortality, and 3P-MACE. Moreover, the risks of heart failure, CV death, all-cause mortality, and 3P-MACE were significantly reduced in bDMARD users with follow-up over one year., CONCLUSIONS: The use of bDMARDs might be associated with the reduced risks of CV events, especially in patients with RA. The CV events might be less frequent in bDMARD users with TNF-alpha inhibitors or follow-up over one year. More investigations are needed to validate conclusions. Copyright © 2021 Suiyuan Hu et al.
Psychometric Validation of the Psoriasis Symptoms and Impacts Measure (P-SIM): A Novel Patient-Reported Outcome Instrument for Patients with Plaque Psoriasis, Using Reported Data from the BE RADIANT Phase 3b Trial.$$$ INTRODUCTION: This analysis assessed the psychometric properties of the Psoriasis Symptoms and Impacts Measure (P-SIM), a novel patient-reported outcome (PRO) tool designed to capture patient experiences of the signs, symptoms and impacts of psoriasis., METHODS: Blinded data from the BE RADIANT phase 3b trial of bimekizumab were analysed. In BE RADIANT, patients were randomised 1:1 to bimekizumab 320 mg every 4 weeks (Q4W) or secukinumab 300 mg (weekly until Week 4, then Q4W). Three items (itching, skin pain and scaling) of the P-SIM were electronically assessed throughout the trial and were scored from 0 to 10 (none to very severe signs/symptoms/impacts). Test-retest reliability was determined using intraclass correlations. Convergent validity was assessed between P-SIM and other relevant PRO and clinician-reported outcome (ClinRO) scores. Known-groups validity was assessed by comparing mean P-SIM item scores between patient subgroups based on the Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI)/Investigator's Global Assessment (IGA) scores. Responsiveness was assessed via correlations between changes from baseline in P-SIM item scores and other relevant PRO and ClinRO scores. Anchor-based responder analyses and empirical cumulative distribution function (eCDF) curves determined responder thresholds., RESULTS: The three P-SIM items yielded high intraclass coefficients (> 0.70). By Week 48, the three P-SIM items had moderate (> 0.30 and <= 0.50) to strong (> 0.50) correlations with other PROs and weaker correlations with ClinROs, demonstrating good convergent validity. For almost all known-group comparisons, statistically significant between-subgroup score differences were seen across all three P-SIM items. Changes from baseline in the P-SIM and other relevant outcomes were above the acceptable threshold of <= 0.30, demonstrating sensitivity to change. Anchor-based analyses determined a >= four-point reduction from baseline to indicate marked clinically meaningful improvement for the P-SIM., CONCLUSION: These results support the validity, reliability and sensitivity to change of the P-SIM in assessing key symptoms (itching, skin pain and scaling) in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis., TRIAL REGISTRATION: NCT03536884. Copyright © 2021. The Author(s).
Sustained efficacy and safety of guselkumab in patients with palmoplantar pustulosis through 1.5 years in a randomized phase 3 study.$$$ The safety and efficacy of guselkumab for palmoplantar pustulosis (PPP) have been established through week (W)52; however, no sufficient information is available beyond 1 year. This study was conducted to assess the efficacy and safety of guselkumab through W84, and to explore factors associated with the sustainability of its efficacy in Japanese PPP patients. Patients received guselkumab 100 or 200 mg at W0, W4, W12, and every 8 weeks (q8w) until W60, or placebo at W0, W4, and W12. At W16, patients receiving placebo were re-randomized to receive guselkumab 100/200 mg at W16, W20, and q8w until W60. Efficacy end-points included PPP Area and Severity Index (PPPASI), PPP Severity Index (PPSI), Physician's Global Assessment scores, and patient reported outcomes (PRO) (Dermatology Life Quality Index, EuroQoL-5 Dimensions, and 36-item Short Form Health Survey). Post-hoc comparison of patient characteristics was performed between PPPASI-75/90 responders and non-responders at W60, and sustained responders and non-responders at W84. Safety was evaluated through W84. A total of 45, 43, 21, and 24 patients from the guselkumab 100 mg, guselkumab 200 mg, placebo->guselkumab 100 mg, and placebo->guselkumab 200 mg groups, respectively, completed the study through W84. Overall, the mean improvement in the guselkumab groups from baseline in the PPPASI and PPSI total scores at W84 was ~79% and ~66%, respectively. All PRO improved through W84. The proportion of responders through W60 was higher in patients who had not received prior phototherapy and non-biologic systemic therapy for PPP. Non-smokers and patients with no prior non-biologic systemic treatment tended numerically towards sustained efficacy through W84. The majority of treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAE) were mild to moderate (~88%) with low incidence of serious TEAE (7.6%). Overall, guselkumab showed sustained efficacy and safety with improvement in the health-related quality of life through W84 in Japanese PPP patients. Copyright © 2021 The Authors. The Journal of Dermatology published by John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd on behalf of Japanese Dermatological Association.
Frequency of juvenile idiopathic arthritis and associated uveitis in pediatric rheumatology clinics in Turkey: A retrospective study, JUPITER.$$$ BACKGROUND: Juvenile idiopathic arthritis (JIA), is the most common pediatric rheumatologic disorder with unknown etiology. Currently, no population-based data are available regarding the distribution of categories and frequency of uveitis in patients with JIA in Turkey. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the frequency of JIA-associated uveitis (JIAU) and distribution of JIA categories in a Turkish JIA cohort., METHODS: This was a retrospective study of 500 randomized patients in four pediatric rheumatology clinics in Turkey., RESULTS: Oligoarticular JIA (oJIA) was the most common JIA disease category in this study cohort (38.8%). The frequencies of the other categories were as follows: enthesitis-related arthritis (ERA), 23.2%; rheumatoid factor (RF)-negative polyarthritis, 15.6%; systemic arthritis, 12.2%; juvenile psoriatic arthritis, 5.2%; undifferentiated arthritis, 2.8%; and RF-positive polyarthritis, 2.2%. JIA-associated uveitis was observed in 6.8% of patients at a mean (Standard Deviation, SD) age of 9.1 (3.8) years over a mean JIA disease duration of 4 (1.9) years. Uveitis developed after joint disease, with a mean (SD) duration of 1.8 (1.9) years. Patients with oJIA had the highest rate of uveitis (12.9%) followed by patients with ERA (5.2%) and polyarticular RF-negative disease (3.8%). Compared with persistent oJIA, the extended oJIA category had a > 3-fold higher risk of uveitis (11.3% vs 27.7%; odds ratio, 3.38 [95% Confidence Interval, 1.09-10.4]). The most frequently administered drug after development of uveitis was tumor necrosis factor-alpha inhibitors (38.2%). Five patients (14.7%) had uveitis-related complications that required surgical intervention., CONCLUSIONS: Turkish pediatric patients with JIA experience a lower frequency of oJIA and higher frequency of ERA than their white European counterparts; the occurrence of uveitis is also somewhat lower than expected. Geographic and ethnic factors may affect these differences and need further investigation. Copyright © 2021. The Author(s).
Serious Gastrointestinal-Related Adverse Events Among Psoriasis Patients Treated With Guselkumab in VOYAGE 1 and VOYAGE 2.$$$ BACKGROUND: Anti-interleukin (IL)-17 biologic agents used to treat psoriasis are associated with onset/exacerbation of inflammatory bowel disease (IBD)., OBJECTIVES: To determine the incidence of IBD or serious gastrointestinal-related adverse events (GI SAEs) in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis treated with guselkumab, an IL-23p19 inhibitor that indirectly inhibits IL-17, through 4 years in the phase 3 VOYAGE 1 and VOYAGE 2 trials., METHODS: Patients were randomized to guselkumab 100 mg every-8-weeks or placeboguselkumab (week 16), or adalimumab. In VOYAGE 1, all patients received open-label guselkumab starting at week 52. In VOYAGE 2, eligible patients were treated with guselkumab or placebo based on clinical response starting at week 28 and received open-label guselkumab starting at week 76. Cumulative incidence rates of IBD and other GI SAEs were calculated as events per 100 patient-years (PY) through week 204. IBD was defined as AEs of Crohn's disease or ulcerative colitis. Data were summarized for all guselkumab-treated patients for years 1-4., RESULTS: Of 1721 guselkumab-treated patients, 1612 were exposed for >=1 year, 1545 for >=2 years, 1454 for >=3 years, and 661 for >=4 years. For all patients through week 204, the cumulative rate of GI SAEs was 0.45/100PY. Event rates remained stable with longer duration of exposure, ranging from 0.36 to 0.57/100PY. No new or exacerbated cases of IBD were reported., CONCLUSIONS: No cases of IBD were observed and rates of GI SAEs were low through 4 years of treatment with guselkumab in two large trials of patients with psoriasis. J Drugs Dermatol. 2021;20(8):855-860. doi:10.36849/JDD.6216 THIS ARTICLE HAD BEEN MADE AVAILABLE FREE OF CHARGE. PLEASE SCROLL DOWN TO ACCESS THE FULL TEXT OF THIS ARTICLE WITHOUT LOGGING IN. NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. PLEASE CONTACT THE PUBLISHER WITH ANY QUESTIONS.
Safety and efficacy of BI 695501 versus adalimumab reference product in patients with advanced Crohn's disease (VOLTAIRE-CD): a multicentre, randomised, double-blind, phase 3 trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: BI 695501 is a biosimilar that has demonstrated similar efficacy, safety, and immunogenicity to adalimumab reference product in patients with rheumatoid arthritis and chronic plaque psoriasis. The VOLTAIRE-CD study aimed to compare the efficacy and safety of BI 695501 with adalimumab reference product in patients with Crohn's disease., METHODS: This phase 3, randomised, double-blind study was done at 92 centres in 12 countries across Europe and the USA in patients aged 18-80 years with moderately to severely active Crohn's disease (Crohn's Disease Activity Index [CDAI] score 220-450). Patients were randomly assigned 1:1 using an interactive response technology system to the BI 695501 group or adalimumab reference product group, stratified by previous exposure to infliximab (yes vs no) and simple endoscopic score for Crohn's disease at screening (<16 vs >=16). All investigators involved in trial assessments or procedures and all patients were masked to treatment allocation until week 24. Patients received BI 695501 (40 mg/0.8 mL formulation) or adalimumab reference product (either 40 mg/0.4 mL citrate-free or 40 mg/0.8 mL) 160 mg on day 1 and 80 mg on day 15, followed by 40 mg every 2 weeks, via subcutaneous injection. The primary endpoint was the proportion of patients with clinical response (CDAI decrease >=70 points) at week 4, with an exploratory non-inferiority margin of 0.76 for the lower limit of the two-sided 90% CI of the risk ratio (RR). The primary analysis was done in a modified full analysis set of all patients who received at least one dose of study medication and had a baseline and at least one post-baseline CDAI assessment. Safety was assessed in all patients who received at least one dose of study medication. After week 4, responders were treated until week 46; those randomly assigned to adalimumab reference product switched to BI 695501 at week 24. This study is registered at ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT02871635) and EudraCT (2016-000612-14)., FINDINGS: Between Jan 4, 2017, and April 5, 2018, 147 patients were enrolled and randomly assigned to BI 695501 (n=72) or adalimumab reference product (n=75). At week 4, 61 (90%) of 68 patients in the BI 695501 group and 68 (94%) of 72 in the adalimumab reference product group had a clinical response (adjusted RR 0.945 [90% CI 0.870-1.028]). In the safety analysis set, 45 (63%) of 72 patients in the BI 695501 group and 42 (56%) of 75 in the adalimumab reference product group had an adverse event during weeks 0-24; 31 (43%) and 34 (45%) had adverse events during weeks 24-56. The most common drug-related treatment-emergent adverse events during weeks 0-24 were weight increase (three [4%] patients in the BI 695501 group) and injection-site erythema and upper respiratory tract infection (three [4%] patients for each event) in the adalimumab reference product group. The only drug-related TEAEs reported in two or more patients during weeks 24-56 were weight increase and increased gamma-glutamyltransferase, which occured in two (3%) patients each in the BI 695501 group. No drug-related TEAEs were reported in two or more patients during weeks 24-56 in the adalimumab reference product followed by BI 699501 group. Serious adverse events occurred in six (8%) patients in the BI 695501 group and eight (11%) in the adalimumab reference group between weeks 0-24, and two (3%) and nine (12%) patients between weeks 24-56. Adverse events of special interest occurred in two (3%) patients in each treatment group during weeks 0-24 (acute sinusitis and pulmonary tuberculosis in the BI 695501 group and anal abscess and postoperative wound infection in the adalimumab reference product group) and two (3%) patients in each group during weeks 24-56 (psoas abscess and hypersensitivity in the BI 695501 group and pulmonary tuberculosis and erythematous rash in the adalimumab reference product followed by BI 699501 group)., INTERPRETATION: Safety and efficacy were similar in patients with Crohn's disease treated with BI 695501 or adalimumab reference product. Treatment benefits were maintained in patients receiving adalimumab reference product who switched to BI 695501. These results further support the existing licensure of BI 695501 as an alternative to adalimumab reference product for patients with Crohn's disease, as well as the other indications for which BI 695501 is approved., FUNDING: Boehringer Ingelheim. Copyright © 2021 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
A randomized prospective study of different dose regimens using the 308-nm excimer laser in the treatment of palmoplantar pustulosis.$$$ The objective of this study was to evaluate optimal treatment regimen of 308-nm excimer laser for palmoplantar pustulosis (PPP). 77 patients with PPP were randomly assigned to receive low dose (2-fold of MED as initial dose), medium dose (4-fold of MED as initial dose) and high dose group (6-fold of MED as initial dose) and the MED of each patient depended on the ultraviolet light sensitivity of individual's skin which ranged from 0.1 to 0.25 J/cm2 . All group received 308-nm excimer laser treatment three times weekly for 8 weeks. Clinical evaluation based on the Palmoplantar Pustular Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PP-PASI) and Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI) score. All treatment groups achieved satisfied efficacy at the end of the treatment period with more obvious reduction of PP-PASI score in high dose group (16.05 +/- 4.26) than low and medium dose group (23.67 +/- 7.16, p < 0.01; 22.04 +/- 5.74, p < 0.01). Improvement of DLQI score was greatest at week 4 for all patients in each group, while DLQI improved more quickly in high/medium dose group than low dose group. Adverse effects of erythema, blistering and erosions were more common with the higher dose regimen. High dose of 308-nm excimer laser could achieve a better efficacy in PPP treatment, reduce the severity of the disease in patients and improve the life quality of patients. Meantime, the incidence of adverse reactions should be aware of and it's necessary to evaluate the skin and lesion type before the dose selection. Copyright © 2021 Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Oral simvastatin combined with narrowband UVB for the treatment of psoriasis: A randomized controlled trial.$$$ Psoriasis is a common chronic skin condition, which is an immune-related hyperproliferative disorder. Among the different treatments for psoriasis, statins have been found to reduce the severity of the disease. Accordingly, fluvastatin and simvastatin are known to have anti-inflammatory effects by inhibiting inflammatory cytokines and lymphocyte function. Narrowband ultraviolet B (NB-UVB) is known as an effective and safe modality for psoriasis treatment. In this double blind, randomized controlled trial, we investigated the efficacy and safety of adding simvastatin to NB-UVB phototherapy in patients with psoriasis. Forty-eight patients with psoriasis undergoing NB-UVB phototherapy were randomly divided into placebo groups; one received oral simvastatin, and the other received a placebo for 12 weeks. Psoriasis severity was assessed with the Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) and Dermatology Life and Quality Index (DLQI). Both groups showed a significant decline in PASI score after 6 and 12 weeks compared to the baseline. The differences in reducing PASI score and DLQI between the two groups were not significant neither at week sixth nor 12th. In addition, DLQI decreased significantly in the placebo group at week 12th. In contrast with previous studies, we did not find any additional effects for oral simvastatin5 in treating psoriasis with NB-UVB. Also, an insignificant difference in the improvement of quality of life between both groups was ascertained. Copyright © 2021 Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Cardiovascular Safety of Biologics Targeting Interleukin (IL)-12 and/or IL-23: What Does the Evidence Say?.$$$ There is substantial evidence regarding the association between psoriasis and the elevated risk of cardiovascular (CV) disease. Many patients with psoriasis may also be concerned that their treatments may be associated with a further increase in the risk of CV disease. In this article, we summarize the data regarding the biological role of interleukin (IL)-12/23 in atherogenesis. We performed a literature search for currently known CV safety data from trials and observational studies of treatments targeting IL-12/23 in psoriasis, i.e. the p40 inhibitors ustekinumab and briakinumab, and the p19 inhibitors guselkumab, risankizumab, and tildrakizumab. On balance, extensive evidence supports the CV safety of ustekinumab, with over 14 years of follow-up data in multiple cohort studies and randomized controlled trials (RCTs). One self-controlled study concluded ustekinumab may precipitate short-term raised CV risk, but the study had limitations hindering interpretation. The safety evidence from RCTs on the p19 inhibitors are reassuring thus far, but these studies may not detect rare CV events in real-world patients. We concluded that the overall evidence does not show that ustekinumab is associated with an increase in the risk of CV disease in patients with psoriasis, but further data are awaited to assess the CV safety of p19 inhibitors for the treatment of psoriasis. Copyright © 2021. The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
The immunosuppressive activity of artemisinin-type drugs towards inflammatory and autoimmune diseases.$$$ The sesquiterpene lactone artemisinin from Artemisia annua L. is well established for malaria therapy, but its bioactivity spectrum is much broader. In this review, we give a comprehensive and timely overview of the literature regarding the immunosuppressive activity of artemisinin-type compounds toward inflammatory and autoimmune diseases. Numerous receptor-coupled signaling pathways are inhibited by artemisinins, including the receptors for interleukin-1 (IL-1), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), beta3-integrin, or RANKL, toll-like receptors and growth factor receptors. Among the receptor-coupled signal transducers are extracellular signal-regulated protein kinase (ERK), c-Jun N-terminal kinase (JNK), phosphatidylinositol-4,5-bisphosphate 3-kinase (PI3K), AKT serine/threonine kinase (AKT), mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK)/extracellular signal regulated kinase (ERK) kinase (MEK), phospholipase C gamma1 (PLCgamma), and others. All these receptors and signal transduction molecules are known to contribute to the inhibition of the transcription factor nuclear factor kappa B (NF-kappaB). Artemisinins may inhibit NF-kappaB by silencing these upstream pathways and/or by direct binding to NF-kappaB. Numerous NF-kappaB-regulated downstream genes are downregulated by artemisinin and its derivatives, for example, cytokines, chemokines, and immune receptors, which regulate immune cell differentiation, apoptosis genes, proliferation-regulating genes, signal transducers, and genes involved in antioxidant stress response. In addition to the prominent role of NF-kappaB, other transcription factors are also inhibited by artemisinins (mammalian target of rapamycin [mTOR], activating protein 1 [AP1]/FBJ murine osteosarcoma viral oncogene homologue [FOS]/JUN oncogenic transcription factor [JUN]), hypoxia-induced factor 1alpha (HIF-1alpha), nuclear factor of activated T cells c1 (NF-ATC1), Signal transducers and activators of transcription (STAT), NF E2-related factor-2 (NRF-2), retinoic-acid-receptor-related orphan nuclear receptor gamma (ROR-gammat), and forkhead box P-3 (FOXP-3). Many in vivo experiments in disease-relevant animal models demonstrate therapeutic efficacy of artemisinin-type drugs against rheumatic diseases (rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, lupus erythematosus, arthrosis, and gout), lung diseases (asthma, acute lung injury, and pulmonary fibrosis), neurological diseases (autoimmune encephalitis, Alzheimer's disease, and myasthenia gravis), skin diseases (dermatitis, rosacea, and psoriasis), inflammatory bowel disease, and other inflammatory and autoimmune diseases. Randomized clinical trials should be conducted in the future to translate the plethora of preclinical results into clinical practice. Copyright © 2021 The Authors. Medicinal Research Reviews published by Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Apremilast for genital erosive lichen planus in women (the AP-GELP Study): study protocol for a randomised placebo-controlled clinical trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Genital erosive lichen planus (GELP) is a genital subtype of lichen planus, a chronic autoimmune inflammatory disease of unknown aetiology. In women, GELP is characterised by painful vulvo-vaginal mucosal erosions and scarring, often resulting in poor sexual health and reduced quality of life. Treatment options are limited and often with little effect. Apremilast, a phosphodiesterase 4-inhibitor, has been shown to have a positive effect on psoriasis and other inflammatory skin diseases. We aim to investigate the effect and safety of peroral apremilast in women with GELP in a randomised placebo-controlled double-blinded clinical trial., METHODS: We will recruit 42 adult women with characteristic clinical and/or histological features of moderate-to-severe GELP from a specialised vulva clinic in Oslo, Norway. The patients will be randomised 1:1 to either apremilast 30 mg BID (with an initial dose titration on days 1-6) or a placebo for 24 weeks. The concomitant use of topical corticosteroids will be allowed. The primary end point will be the mean GELP score, a clinical scoring system, at week 24 in the apremilast-treated patients versus the placebo-treated patients. The secondary end points will include the mean GELP score improvement from weeks 0 to 24, patient-reported use of topical steroids, the pain score on a visual analogue scale and the number of patients with GELP score improvements at weeks 16 and 24. The Physician Global Assessment , Patient Global Assessment and selected quality of life and sexual function assessments will be recorded at weeks 0, 16 and 24. The exploratory endpoints include description of immunohistochemical changes before and after apremilast therapy, assessed in vulvar or vaginal biopsies at weeks 0 and 24. Regular follow-ups for possible adverse events will be conducted., DISCUSSION: The study design is based on experience from studies on apremilast in other inflammatory skin diseases using equivalent apremilast doses for approved indications. The trial may provide evidence for the use of apremilast in women with this burdensome genital dermatosis., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT0365666 . Registered on 4 September 2018. Copyright © 2021. The Author(s).
Secukinumab effects on disease burden, patient needs and benefits, and treatment satisfaction in patients with plaque psoriasis across European regions: patient perspective data from the PROSE study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Cross-cultural differences in healthcare policies and patient-physician communication may influence the quality of care and patients' perceived benefits and satisfaction with psoriasis treatment., OBJECTIVES: To compare the disease burden and patient needs at baseline, and patient benefits and satisfaction with secukinumab treatment across Europe., METHODS: PROSE was an open-label, prospective, non-randomized, stratified multicentre study of 52 weeks of secukinumab treatment, in 16 European countries. Secondary analysis of the PROSE study data by European regions was performed to identify cross-cultural differences in disease burden and patient needs at baseline, and in clinical improvement, patient-reported treatment benefits and satisfaction at 52 weeks post-treatment., RESULTS: At baseline, Dermatology Life Quality Index impairment was reported to be greater in patients from Eastern Europe (EE: 15.4 +/- 7.1) vs. Northern Europe (NE: 13.3 +/- 6.7) and Western Europe (WE: 13.6 +/- 6.9), but while differences were statistically significant (F-test = 5.5, P < 0.001), their clinical significance is uncertain. There were no significant differences between regions in Psoriasis Area and Severity Index at baseline (F-test = 1.6). There were considerable differences in patients' needs (Patient Need Questionnaire) between geographical regions, with WE focused more on reducing physical impairment [vs. Southern Europe (SE)/EE], EE on reducing social impairment (vs. NE/WE) and SE on reducing impairment due to therapy (vs. NE/WE). At Week 52, patients from EE reported more benefits (Patient Benefit Index) with secukinumab treatment (vs. WE/SE), while patients from NE reported higher global treatment satisfaction (vs. SE)., CONCLUSIONS: Differences in patients' needs and treatment satisfaction across Europe are likely a result of diverse medical systems, socio-economic status and infrastructural access. A patient-centred approach to treating psoriasis may fulfil patient needs and maximize treatment satisfaction. (NCT02752776). Copyright © 2021 The Authors. Journal of the European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
Guselkumab demonstrated an independent treatment effect in reducing fatigue after adjustment for clinical response-results from two phase 3 clinical trials of 1120 patients with active psoriatic arthritis.$$$ BACKGROUND: The interleukin-23p19-subunit inhibitor guselkumab effectively treats signs and symptoms of psoriatic arthritis (PsA). We evaluated the effect of guselkumab on fatigue., METHODS: Across two phase 3 trials of guselkumab (DISCOVER-1, DISCOVER-2), patients with active PsA despite standard therapy were randomized to subcutaneous injections of guselkumab 100 mg every 4 weeks (Q4W, N = 373); guselkumab 100 mg at week 0, week 4, and then Q8W (N = 375); or placebo (N = 372) through week 24, after which patients in the placebo group crossed over to guselkumab Q4W. Fatigue was measured as a secondary endpoint using the Functional Assessment of Chronic Illness Therapy (FACIT)-Fatigue instrument (range 0-52, higher scores indicate less fatigue). Least-squares mean changes in FACIT-Fatigue scores were compared between treatments using a mixed-effect model for repeated measures. Mediation analysis was used to adjust for indirect effects on fatigue deriving from improvement in other outcomes, including >=20% improvement in American College of Rheumatology criteria (ACR20; prespecified), minimal disease activity (MDA; post hoc), or C-reactive protein (CRP; post hoc)., RESULTS: Baseline mean (SD) FACIT-Fatigue scores in DISCOVER-1 (N = 381) and DISCOVER-2 (N = 739), ranging from 29.1 (9.5) to 31.4 (10.1), indicated substantial levels of fatigue relative to the United States general population (43.6 [9.4]). Across studies, mean improvements, and proportions of patients with >=4-point improvements, in FACIT-Fatigue scores at week 24 with guselkumab Q4W and Q8W (5.6-7.6 and 54-63%, respectively) were larger vs placebo (2.2-3.6 and 35-46%). Improvement in FACIT-Fatigue scores with guselkumab was sustained from week 24 to week 52, with moderate-to-large effect sizes (Cohen's d = 0.52-0.81 at week 24; 0.66-0.91 at week 52). Mediation analyses demonstrated that substantial proportions of the effects of guselkumab vs placebo on fatigue were direct effect, after adjusting for achievement of ACR20 (Q4W 69-70%, Q8W 12-36% direct effect) or MDA (72-92% across dosing regimens) response or for change in serum CRP concentrations (82-88% across dosing regimens)., CONCLUSIONS: In patients with active PsA, guselkumab 100 mg Q4W or Q8W led to clinically meaningful and sustained improvements in fatigue through 1 year. A substantial portion of the improvement in FACIT-Fatigue scores induced by guselkumab was independent of effects on the achievement of other select outcomes., TRIAL REGISTRATION: Name of the registry: ClinicalTrials.gov Trial registrations: DISCOVER-1, NCT03162796; DISCOVER-2, NCT03158285 Date of registration: DISCOVER-1, May 22, 2017; DISCOVER-2, May 18, 2017 URLs of the trial registry record: DISCOVER-1, https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT03162796?term=NCT03162796&draw=1&rank=1 DISCOVER-2, https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT03158285?term=NCT03158285&draw=2&rank=1. Copyright © 2021. The Author(s).
Effect of baseline disease severity on achievement of treatment target with apremilast: results from a pooled analysis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Treating to absolute treatment targets rather than relative measures such as Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI)-75 is emerging as an important clinical concept included in psoriasis guidelines and clinical practice. Achieving treatment targets is associated with achievement of long-term outcomes., OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the relationship between psoriasis severity, disease characteristics and achievement of PASI <=2 with apremilast in a pooled analysis of the phase 3 ESTEEM 1 and 2 (NCT01194219 and NCT01232283), phase 3b LIBERATE (NCT01690299) and phase 4 UNVEIL (NCT02425826) clinical trials., METHODS: Pooled data from patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis randomized to apremilast 30 mg BID were analysed by baseline PASI quartiles (Q1: 2.4-13.1; Q2: 13.2-15.9; Q3: 16.0-20.0; Q4: 20.1-57.8). Assessments included PASI, Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI), Scalp Physician's Global Assessment (ScPGA; ScPGA >=1) and target (worst) Nail Psoriasis Severity Index (NAPSI; NAPSI >=1)., RESULTS: Of 1062 patients, 963 had ScPGA >=1 and 643 had NAPSI >=1; 771 patients with baseline and Week 32 PASI assessments were included in analyses of Week 32 PASI target achievement. Rates of PASI <=2 at Week 32 were greater in lower PASI quartiles (Q1: 43.5%; Q2: 31.2%; Q3: 26.8%; Q4: 18.4%). Most patients achieving PASI <=2 target (83.6%) achieved DLQI <=5 at Week 32; 59.3% of patients who did not achieve PASI <=2 target achieved DLQI <=5. At Week 32, mean improvements in ScPGA and NAPSI were similar with more moderate vs. more severe disease (ScPGA, range: 1.1-1.4; NAPSI, range: 1.6-2.5). In a subgroup analysis, achievement of PASI <=2 target was higher in the lowest PASI quartile and with disease duration <5 years., CONCLUSIONS: Greater achievement of PASI <=2 was observed in patients with more moderate vs. more severe skin disease. Apremilast may be particularly beneficial in more moderate disease early in the treatment paradigm. Copyright © 2021 The Authors. Journal of the European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
Median time to pain improvement and the impact of baseline pain severity on pain response in patients with psoriatic arthritis treated with tofacitinib.$$$ BACKGROUND: Pain is a core domain of psoriatic arthritis (PsA). This post hoc analysis evaluated time to pain improvement and the impact of baseline pain severity on pain response in patients with PsA receiving tofacitinib., METHODS: Data from two trials (NCT01877668; NCT01882439) in patients receiving tofacitinib 5 mg twice daily, placebo switching to tofacitinib 5 mg twice daily at month 3 (placebo-to-tofacitinib) or adalimumab (NCT01877668 only) were included. Improvement in pain (>=30%/>=50% decrease from baseline in Visual Analogue Scale pain score) was assessed; median time to initial (first post-baseline visit)/continued (first two consecutive post-baseline visits) pain improvement was estimated (Kaplan-Meier) for all treatment arms. A parametric model was used to determine the relationship between baseline pain severity and time to pain response in patients receiving tofacitinib., RESULTS: At month 3, more patients experienced pain improvements with tofacitinib/adalimumab versus placebo. Median days (95% CI) to initial/continued pain improvements of >=30% and >=50%, respectively, were 55 (29-57)/60 (57-85) and 85 (57-92)/171 (90-not estimable (NE)) for tofacitinib, versus 106 (64-115)/126 (113-173) and 169 (120-189)/NE (247-NE) for placebo-to-tofacitinib. Pain improvements were also experienced more quickly for adalimumab versus placebo. Predicted time to >=30%/>=50% pain improvement was shorter in patients with higher baseline pain versus lower baseline pain (tofacitinib arm only)., CONCLUSIONS: In patients with PsA, pain improvements were experienced by more patients, and more rapidly, with tofacitinib and adalimumab versus placebo. In those receiving tofacitinib, higher baseline pain was associated with faster pain improvements. Copyright © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2021. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Three-year efficacy and safety of certolizumab pegol for the treatment of plaque psoriasis: results from the randomized phase 3 CIMPACT trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Certolizumab pegol (CZP) is an Fc-free, PEGylated anti-tumor necrosis factor biologic., OBJECTIVES: To report 3-year outcomes from the CIMPACT (NCT02346240) phase 3, CZP in moderate to severe plaque psoriasis, randomized controlled trial., METHODS: Adults were randomized 3:3:3:1 to CZP 200 mg every other week (Q2W), CZP 400 mg Q2W, etanercept biweekly or placebo. At Week 16, CZP- and etanercept-treated PASI 75 responders were re-randomized to CZP 200 mg Q2W, CZP 400 mg Q4W, CZP 400 mg Q2W or placebo for maintenance treatment; PASI 75 non-responders entered an open-label escape CZP 400 mg Q2W arm. Patients entering the open-label extension (OLE; Weeks 48-144) from blinded treatment received CZP 200 mg Q2W., RESULTS: Double-blinded results have been reported previously. 261 patients received 200 mg Q2W upon OLE entry. PASI 75 response was maintained in patients continuing 200 mg Q2W treatment through Weeks 16-144 (Week 144: 96.2%). In patients dosed down at Week 48 (double-blinded 400 mg to 200 mg Q2W), PASI 75 decreased (Week 48: 98.7%; Week 144: 85.9%). In patients who received placebo through Weeks 16-48, PASI 75 response decreased (Week 48: 60.4%), then increased following Week 48 switch to 200 mg Q2W (Week 144: 95.1%). 48 and 36 patients initially randomized to 200 and 400 mg Q2W, respectively, were Week 16 PASI 75 non-responders and entered the escape arm; at Week 144, 71.8% and 78.2% achieved PASI 75. No new safety signals were identified., CONCLUSIONS: Response to CZP was durable over three years; no new safety signals were identified. Copyright © 2021 The Authors. Journal of the European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
Long-term efficacy and safety of risankizumab for the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: interim analysis of the LIMMitless open-label extension trial beyond 3 years of follow-up.$$$ BACKGROUND: Psoriasis is a chronic inflammatory skin disease requiring prolonged treatment. New biologic therapies require long-term evaluation to assess the durability of their efficacy and safety profiles over time., OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the long-term efficacy and safety of risankizumab (RZB) for the treatment of psoriasis., METHODS: LIMMitless is an ongoing, phase III, open-label extension study evaluating the long-term efficacy and safety of RZB in adults with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis following multiple phase II/III studies. This analysis assessed efficacy through 172 weeks of continuous RZB treatment by examining the proportion of patients achieving >= 90% or 100% improvement in Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI 90 and PASI 100), static Physician's Global Assessment of clear or almost clear (sPGA 0/1) and Dermatology Life Quality Index of no effect on quality of life (DLQI 0/1). Safety was assessed by recording adverse events (AEs) through the data cutoff date. The study is registered at ClinicalTrials.gov (identifier: NCT03047395)., RESULTS: Of 955 patients randomized to RZB 150 mg in the base studies, 897 patients continued into LIMMitless; 799 patients were still receiving treatment in LIMMitless at the time of data cutoff for this analysis. After 172 weeks of continuous RZB treatment, 85.5% of patients achieved PASI 90, 54.4% achieved PASI 100, 85.2% achieved sPGA 0/1, and 78.4% achieved DLQI 0/1 using modified nonresponder imputation. Rates of AEs leading to discontinuation and AEs of safety interest were low with long-term treatment and comparable with those identified in the base studies., CONCLUSIONS: Overall, long-term continuous RZB was well tolerated and showed high and durable efficacy over 172 weeks. Copyright © 2021 AbbVie Inc. British Journal of Dermatology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of British Association of Dermatologists.
Ixekizumab for the treatment of pediatric patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.$$$ Introduction: Ixekizumab (IXE), a high affinity humanized monoclonal antibody that selectively targets interleukin-17A, is approved in the United States (US) and the European Union (EU) for pediatric patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. This review summarizes ixekizumab use in the phase 3, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study in pediatric patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis and provides some clinical pearls we have learned after using the drug in the pediatric population for the past 3 years. Areas covered: Review of IXORA-PEDS trial data, general literature review pertaining to the systemic treatment of pediatric psoriasis as well as our clinical experience with IXEExpert opinion: IXE is the only IL17 antagonist for pediatric psoriasis and is a welcome addition to our armamentarium.
Five-year maintenance of clinical response and health-related quality of life improvements in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis treated with guselkumab: results from VOYAGE 1 and VOYAGE 2.$$$ BACKGROUND: Psoriasis is a chronic disease requiring long-term therapy., OBJECTIVES: Physician- and patient-reported outcomes were evaluated through week 252 in VOYAGE 1 and VOYAGE 2., METHODS: In total, 1829 patients were randomized at baseline to receive guselkumab 100 mg every 8 weeks, placebo or adalimumab. Patients receiving placebo crossed over to guselkumab at week 16. Patients receiving adalimumab crossed over to guselkumab at week 52 in VOYAGE 1, and randomized withdrawal and retreatment occurred at weeks 28-76 in VOYAGE 2; all patients then received open-label guselkumab through week 252. Efficacy and health-related quality of life (HRQoL) endpoints were analysed through week 252. Safety was monitored through week 264., RESULTS: The proportions of patients in the guselkumab group who achieved clinical responses at week 252 in VOYAGE 1 and VOYAGE 2, respectively, were 84.1% and 82.0% [>= 90% improvement in Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI)]; 82.4% and 85.0% [Investigator's Global Assessment (IGA) 0 or 1]; 52.7% and 53.0% (100% improvement in PASI) and 54.7% and 55.5% (IGA 0). HRQoL endpoints were achieved as follows: 72.7% and 71.1% of patients (Dermatology Life Quality Index 0 or 1: no effect on patient's life); 42.4% and 42.0% [Psoriasis Symptoms and Signs Diary (PSSD) symptom score = 0] and 33.0% and 31.0% (PSSD sign score = 0). As measured in VOYAGE 2 only, approximately 45% of patients achieved >= 5-point reduction in Short Form-36 physical and mental component scores, and 80% reported no anxiety or depression (Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale scores < 8). Similar findings were reported for adalimumab crossovers. These effects were maintained from week 52 in VOYAGE 1 and week 100 in VOYAGE 2. No new safety signals were identified., CONCLUSIONS: Guselkumab maintains high levels of clinical response and improvement in patient-reported outcomes through 5 years in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis. Copyright © 2021 The Authors. British Journal of Dermatology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of British Association of Dermatologists.
Skin and soft tissue infections in biological therapy for psoriasis-A case report and systematic review of the literature.$$$ BACKGROUND: Biological therapies are widely used for moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis owing to their high efficacy and safety profile. However, skin and soft tissue infections (SSTIs) have been reported in association with biological treatment in psoriasis., METHODS: We report a case of necrotizing fasciitis in an 18-year-old psoriasis patient with a history of severe combined immunodeficiency treated with secukinumab and conducted a systematic literature review of SSTIs associated with biological therapy for psoriasis. The literature review related to biological therapies for psoriasis between the years 1990 and 2020: Medline (PubMed), Embase, and CENTRAL (Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials) were searched for psoriasis, biological treatment, and skin and soft tissue infections., RESULTS: Over 1,300 titles were found, 24 of which met the inclusion criteria for our study: nine retrospective studies, nine randomized controlled trials, and six prospective studies. The data covered 10 biological treatments. More than 40,000 patients receiving biological treatment were included, and nearly 1,000 cases of SSTIs were documented., CONCLUSIONS: We present the available records regarding SSTIs among chronic plaque psoriasis patients given biological treatment. Most reported SSTIs were related to psoriasis patients treated with TNF-alpha inhibitors. In view of the presented data, biological treatment appears to be a safe mode of therapy for this aspect of psoriasis. Copyright © 2021 the International Society of Dermatology.
Complete clearance and Psoriasis Area and Severity Index response for brodalumab and ustekinumab by previous treatment history in AMAGINE-2 and AMAGINE-3.$$$ BACKGROUND: The pathway for treatment of psoriasis is partly dependent upon disease severity, and patients may experience inadequate response at any point along the treatment pathway. Patients who repeatedly fail therapy represent a population in whom effective and well-tolerated treatment options are limited., OBJECTIVES: To investigate and describe patients achieving Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) 100 and cumulative treatment benefit over time in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis receiving brodalumab or ustekinumab by prior treatment., METHODS: We conducted a post hoc analysis of data from two phase 3, randomized, controlled, 52-week AMAGINE trials of brodalumab to describe patients who achieved complete clearance as measured by PASI 100 by prior treatment subgroup (naive to systemic and biologic treatment, systemic-treated but biologic-naive, biologic-treated without failure, and biologic-treated with failure). A competing risk model was used to assess cumulative incidence over a 52-week period with outcomes of PASI 100 or inadequate response. Cumulative clinical benefit of treatment was determined with an area under the curve analysis., RESULTS: The 52-week cumulative incidence of patients achieving PASI 100 was consistently higher for brodalumab vs. ustekinumab across treatment pathway subgroups (76% vs. 58% in systemic/biologic-naive patients, 78% vs. 55% in systemic-treated/biologic-naive patients, 75% vs. 41% in biologic-treated patients without failure, and 70% vs. 30% in biologic-treated patients with failure). Rates of inadequate response were lower with brodalumab compared with ustekinumab across all subgroups. Cumulative treatment benefit was also higher for all subgroups treated with brodalumab compared with those treated with ustekinumab., CONCLUSION: Treatment with brodalumab was associated with higher levels of complete clearance and greater cumulative benefit over time compared with ustekinumab, in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis, regardless of prior treatment experience. Copyright © 2021 The Authors. Journal of the European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
Newer Therapies in Psoriasis.$$$ Psoriasis is a systemic inflammatory condition that negatively affects the quality of life and medical health of 125 million individuals globally. Although psoriasis has historically been viewed as a skin-limited disease and managed with topical agents (eg, coal tar, corticosteroids, and vitamin D analogues), the recontextualization of psoriasis as a systemic condition involving multiple organ systems has prompted the development of numerous immunomodulating, systemic agents with more targeted mechanisms of action. This article briefly discusses the indications and nuances of new and developing therapeutic agents for psoriasis management. Copyright © 2021 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Preclinical and clinical characterization of the RORgammat inhibitor JNJ-61803534.$$$ The nuclear receptor retinoid-related orphan receptor gamma t (RORgammat) plays a critical role in driving Th17 cell differentiation and expansion, as well as IL-17 production in innate and adaptive immune cells. The IL-23/IL-17 axis is implicated in several autoimmune and inflammatory diseases, and biologics targeting IL-23 and IL-17 have shown significant clinical efficacy in treating psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis. JNJ-61803534 is a potent RORgammat inverse agonist, selectively inhibiting RORgammat-driven transcription versus closely-related family members, RORalpha and RORbeta. JNJ-61803534 inhibited IL-17A production in human CD4+ T cells under Th17 differentiation conditions, but did not inhibit IFNgamma production under Th1 differentiation conditions, and had no impact on in vitro differentiation of regulatory T cells (Treg), nor on the suppressive activity of natural Tregs. In the mouse collagen-induced arthritis model, JNJ-61803534 dose-dependently attenuated inflammation, achieving ~ 90% maximum inhibition of clinical score. JNJ-61803534 significantly inhibited disease score in the imiquimod-induced mouse skin inflammation model, and dose-dependently inhibited the expression of RORgammat-regulated genes, including IL-17A, IL-17F, IL-22 and IL-23R. Preclinical 1-month toxicity studies in rats and dogs identified doses that were well tolerated supporting progression into first-in-human studies. An oral formulation of JNJ-61803534 was studied in a phase 1 randomized double-blind study in healthy human volunteers to assess safety, pharmacokinetics, and pharmacodynamics. The compound was well tolerated in single ascending doses (SAD) up to 200 mg, and exhibited dose-dependent increases in exposure upon oral dosing, with a plasma half-life of 164 to 170 h. In addition, dose-dependent inhibition of ex vivo stimulated IL-17A production in whole blood was observed, demonstrating in vivo target engagement. In conclusion, JNJ-61803534 is a potent and selective RORgammat inhibitor that exhibited acceptable preclinical safety and efficacy, as well as an acceptable safety profile in a healthy volunteer SAD study, with clear evidence of a pharmacodynamic effect in humans.
Guselkumab induces robust reduction in acute phase proteins and type 17 effector cytokines in active psoriatic arthritis: results from phase 3 trials.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate serum protein expression in participants with psoriatic arthritis (PsA) and changes after guselkumab treatment., METHODS: Participants with PsA were treated with guselkumab or placebo in the DISCOVER-1 and DISCOVER-2 studies. Serum levels of acute phase reactants C reactive protein (CRP) and serum amyloid A (SAA) and inflammatory cytokines/chemokines were measured at weeks 0, 4 and 24 in 300 study participants and 34 healthy controls (HCs). The PSUMMIT studies measured serum interleukin (IL)-17A, IL-17F and CRP after ustekinumab treatment and levels with ustekinumab versus guselkumab treatment were compared., RESULTS: Baseline serum levels of CRP, SAA, IL-6, IL-17A and IL-17F were elevated in participants with active PsA vs HCs (p<0.05, geometric mean (GM) >=40% higher). Baseline T-helper cell 17 (Th17) effector cytokines were significantly associated with baseline psoriasis but not joint disease activity. Compared with placebo, guselkumab treatment resulted in decreases in serum CRP, SAA, IL-6, IL-17A, IL-17F and IL-22 as early as week 4 and continued to decrease through week 24 (p<0.05, GM decrease from baseline >=33%). At week 24, IL-17A and IL-17F levels were not significantly different from HCs, suggesting normalisation of peripheral IL-23/Th17 axis effector cytokines postguselkumab treatment. Reductions in IL-17A/IL-17F levels were greater in guselkumab-treated versus ustekinumab-treated participants, whereas effects on CRP levels were similar., CONCLUSION: Guselkumab treatment reduced serum protein levels of acute phase and Th17 effector cytokines and achieved comparable levels to those in HCs. In participants with PsA, reductions of IL-17A and IL-17F were of greater magnitude after treatment with guselkumab than with ustekinumab. Copyright © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2021. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
A single-centre, observational, retrospective, real-life study evaluating adalimumab biosimilar ABP 501 in the treatment of plaque-type psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis in originator-naive patients and in patients undergoing non-medical switch from originator.$$$ BACKGROUND: ABP 501 is a biosimilar to the anti-tumor necrosis factor-alfa monoclonal antibody adalimumab and despite its effectiveness and safety in the treatment of psoriasis was demonstrated in randomized clinical trials, no real-life data are available, in particular in patients undergoing non-medical switch from originator to biosimilar., METHODS: We retrospectively searched our clinical records for all patients receiving ABP 501 between March 10, 2019 and September 7, 2019 at our Department. Therefore, we identified 94 patients, 46 patients underwent non-medical switch from adalimumab reference product to ABP 501., RESULTS: In originator-naive patients, mean PASI significantly improved from baseline to week 24 (p < .0001) in both Pso and PsA cohorts. In these patients, mean DAS-28 ESR improved with no significant differences from baseline. In patients undergoing non-medical switch from adalimumab reference product to ABP 501, no significant difference in PASI or DAS-28 ESR were observed from week 16 before switch to week 24 after switch., CONCLUSIONS: AB- 501 is an effective treatment for plaque-type psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis regardless if patients are originator-naive or if they were switched from the reference product.
Efficacy and safety of tildrakizumab in patients with active psoriatic arthritis: results of a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multiple-dose, 52-week phase IIb study.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To evaluate efficacy and safety of the anti-interleukin-23p19 monoclonal antibody tildrakizumab in patients with psoriatic arthritis (PsA)., METHODS: In this randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, phase IIb study, patients with active PsA were randomised 1:1:1:1:1 to tildrakizumab 200 mg every 4 weeks (Q4W); tildrakizumab 200, 100 or 20 mg Q12W; or placebo Q4W. Patients receiving tildrakizumab 20 mg or placebo switched to tildrakizumab 200 mg Q12W at W24; treatment continued to W52. The primary efficacy endpoint was proportion of patients with ACR20 response (>=20% improvement by American College of Rheumatology criteria) at W24. Secondary efficacy endpoints were assessed without adjustment for multiplicity. Safety was evaluated from treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs)., RESULTS: 391/500 patients screened were randomised and treated. At W24, 71.4%-79.5% of tildrakizumab-treated versus 50.6% of placebo-treated patients achieved ACR20 (all p<0.01). Patients receiving tildrakizumab versus placebo generally achieved higher rates of ACR50, Disease Activity Score in 28 joints with C reactive protein <3.2, minimal disease activity and 75%/90%/100% improvement from baseline Psoriasis Area and Severity Index responses at W24 and through W52. Improvement in dactylitis and enthesitis was not observed; results were mixed for other outcomes. Responses in patients switched to tildrakizumab 200 mg at W24 were consistent with treatment from baseline. TEAEs and serious TEAEs occurred in 64.5% and 3.3%, respectively, of all patients through W52 and were comparable among treatment arms., CONCLUSIONS: Tildrakizumab treatment significantly improved joint and skin manifestations of PsA other than dactylitis and enthesitis. Treatment was generally well tolerated through W52. Clinicaltrials.gov NCT02980692. Copyright © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2021. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Effect of Therapeutic Drug Monitoring vs Standard Therapy During Infliximab Induction on Disease Remission in Patients With Chronic Immune-Mediated Inflammatory Diseases: A Randomized Clinical Trial.$$$ Importance: Proactive therapeutic drug monitoring (TDM), defined as individualized drug dosing based on scheduled monitoring of serum drug levels, has been proposed as an alternative to standard therapy to maximize efficacy and safety of infliximab and other biological drugs. However, whether proactive TDM improves clinical outcomes when implemented at the time of drug initiation, compared with standard therapy, remains unclear., Objective: To assess whether TDM during initiation of infliximab therapy improves treatment efficacy compared with standard infliximab therapy without TDM., Design, Setting, and Participants: Randomized, parallel-group, open-label clinical trial of 411 adults with rheumatoid arthritis, spondyloarthritis, psoriatic arthritis, ulcerative colitis, Crohn disease, or psoriasis initiating infliximab therapy in 21 hospitals in Norway. Patients were recruited from March 1, 2017, to January 10, 2019. Final follow-up occurred on November 5, 2019., Interventions: Patients were randomized 1:1 to receive proactive TDM with dose and interval adjustments based on scheduled monitoring of serum drug levels and antidrug antibodies (TDM group; n = 207) or standard infliximab therapy without drug and antibody level monitoring (standard therapy group; n = 204)., Main Outcomes and Measures: The primary end point was clinical remission at week 30., Results: Among 411 randomized patients (mean age, 44.7 [SD, 14.9] years; 209 women [51%]), 398 (198 in the TDM group and 200 in the standard therapy group) received their randomized intervention and were included in the full analysis set. Clinical remission at week 30 was achieved in 100 (50.5%) of 198 and 106 (53.0%) of 200 patients in the TDM and standard therapy groups, respectively (adjusted difference, 1.5%; 95% CI, -8.2% to 11.1%; P = .78). Adverse events were reported in 135 patients (68%) and 139 patients (70%) in the TDM and standard therapy groups, respectively., Conclusions and Relevance: Among patients with immune-mediated inflammatory diseases initiating treatment with infliximab, proactive therapeutic drug monitoring, compared with standard therapy, did not significantly improve clinical remission rates over 30 weeks. These findings do not support routine use of therapeutic drug monitoring during infliximab induction for improving disease remission rates., Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT03074656.
Pooled Safety Results Through 1 Year of 2 Phase III Trials of Guselkumab in Patients With Psoriatic Arthritis.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Evaluate the safety of guselkumab (monoclonal antibody targeting interleukin [IL]-23p19) in patients with psoriatic arthritis (PsA) through 1 year (1Y) of the phase III DISCOVER-1 and DISCOVER-2 trials., METHODS: Patients with active PsA (n = 1120; biologic-naive except 118 patients treated with tumor necrosis factor inhibitors in DISCOVER-1) were randomized to subcutaneous guselkumab 100 mg every 4 weeks (Q4W) or at Week 0, Week 4, then every 8 weeks (Q8W); or placebo. At Week 24, patients in the placebo group switched to guselkumab 100 mg Q4W. Treatment continued through 1Y and 2 years for DISCOVER-1 and DISCOVER-2, respectively. In this pooled analysis, patients with >= 1 adverse event (AE) through 1Y were standardized for 100 patient-years [100 PYs] of follow-up., RESULTS: Through Week 24, adverse events (AEs) were consistent between patients treated with placebo and guselkumab (Q4W + Q8W). AEs were 142.8/100 PYs and 150.6/100 PYs, serious AEs were 7.1/100 PYs and 4.4/100 PYs, and AEs leading to study agent discontinuation were 4.1/100 PYs and 3.8/100 PYs, respectively. Through 1Y in patients treated with guselkumab, no uveitis, active tuberculosis, opportunistic infections, or inflammatory bowel disease were observed, and low rates of malignancy and major adverse cardiovascular (CV) events were observed. Injection-site reactions occurred in 1.7%, and antibodies to guselkumab in 4.5% of patients treated with guselkumab through 1Y; the vast majority of antibodies to guselkumab were nonneutralizing. Serum hepatic transaminase elevations (more common with Q4W than Q8W dosing) and decreased neutrophil counts were generally mild, transient, and did not require treatment discontinuation, with minimal change from Week 24 to 1Y., CONCLUSION: Guselkumab 100 mg Q4W and Q8W were well tolerated in patients with PsA, with no new safety concerns through 1Y of the phase III DISCOVER trials. Guselkumab safety through 1Y in patients with PsA is consistent with that established in patients with psoriasis who were treated with guselkumab. [ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT03162796 and NCT03158285]. Copyright © 2021 by the Journal of Rheumatology.
Pharmacokinetics and tolerability of apremilast in healthy Korean adult men.$$$ We performed a two-part study to evaluate the pharmacokinetics, safety, and tolerability of oral apremilast, a phosphodiesterase 4 inhibitor indicated for the treatment of psoriasis, in healthy Korean adult men. In part 1, there were 12 subjects who randomly received a single oral dose of apremilast at 20, 30, or 40 mg in each of 3 periods in a crossover fashion. In part 2, there were 16 subjects who randomly received 30 mg of apremilast or its matching placebo in a ratio of 3:1 twice daily for 14 days. Apremilast was rapidly absorbed (maximum concentration: ~2-3 h postdose), and eliminated according to a monoexponential pattern with a terminal-phase elimination half-life of 8-9 h. The exposure to apremilast increased in a dose-proportional manner and accumulation was 1.6-fold at steady-state. Apremilast was well-tolerated after a single oral administration and multiple oral administrations in Korean adult men; all of the treatment-emergent adverse events were mild and recovered without sequelae. In conclusion, apremilast was safe and well-tolerated in healthy Korean adult men when administered single oral doses of 20, 30, or 40 mg or when administered multiple oral doses of 30 mg b.i.d. for 14 days. Overall exposures increased in an approximate dose proportional manner in healthy Korean adult men. Copyright © 2021 The Authors. Clinical and Translational Science published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of the American Society for Clinical Pharmacology and Therapeutics.
Safety and efficacy of faecal microbiota transplantation for active peripheral psoriatic arthritis: an exploratory randomised placebo-controlled trial.$$$ OBJECTIVES: Although causality remains to be established, targeting dysbiosis of the intestinal microbiota by faecal microbiota transplantation (FMT) has been proposed as a novel treatment for inflammatory diseases. In this exploratory, proof-of-concept study, we evaluated the safety and efficacy of FMT in psoriatic arthritis (PsA)., METHODS: In this double-blind, parallel-group, placebo-controlled, superiority trial, we randomly allocated (1:1) adults with active peripheral PsA (>=3 swollen joints) despite ongoing treatment with methotrexate to one gastroscopic-guided FMT or sham transplantation into the duodenum. Safety was monitored throughout the trial. The primary efficacy endpoint was the proportion of participants experiencing treatment failure (ie, needing treatment intensification) through 26 weeks. Key secondary endpoints were change in Health Assessment Questionnaire Disability Index (HAQ-DI) and American College of Rheumatology (ACR20) response at week 26., RESULTS: Of 97 screened, 31 (32%) underwent randomisation (15 allocated to FMT) and 30 (97%) completed the 26-week clinical evaluation. No serious adverse events were observed. Treatment failure occurred more frequently in the FMT group than in the sham group (9 (60%) vs 3 (19%); risk ratio, 3.20; 95% CI 1.06 to 9.62; p=0.018). Improvement in HAQ-DI differed between groups (0.07 vs 0.30) by 0.23 points (95% CI 0.02 to 0.44; p=0.031) in favour of sham. There was no difference in the proportion of ACR20 responders between groups (7 of 15 (47%) vs 8 of 16 (50%))., CONCLUSIONS: In this first preliminary, interventional randomised controlled trial of FMT in immune-mediated arthritis, we did not observe any serious adverse events. Overall, FMT appeared to be inferior to sham in treating active peripheral PsA., TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NCT03058900. Copyright © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2021. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Comparative effectiveness of two adalimumab biosimilars in 1318 real-world patients with inflammatory rheumatic disease mandated to switch from originator adalimumab: nationwide observational study emulating a randomised clinical trial.$$$ OBJECTIVES: In 2018, a nationwide mandatory switch from originator to biosimilar adalimumab was conducted in Denmark. The available biosimilar was GP2017 (Hyrimoz) in Eastern regions and SB5 (Imraldi) in Western regions. We aimed to assess the comparative effectiveness of GP2017 versus SB5 in patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA)/psoriatic arthritis (PsA)/axial spondyloarthritis (AxSpA)., METHODS: Observational cohort study based on the DANBIO registry with geographical cluster pseudo-randomisation, analysed by emulating a randomised clinical trial. Main outcome was adjusted 1-year treatment retention (Cox regression). Furthermore, 6 months' remission rates (logistic regression), reasons for withdrawal and back-switching to originator were investigated (overall and stratified by indication)., RESULTS: Overall, of 1570 eligible patients, 1318 switched and were included (467 RA/321 PsA/530 AxSpA); 623 (47%) switched to GP2017, 695 (53%) to SB5. Baseline characteristics of the two clusters were largely similar, but some differences in registration practice were observed. The combined 1-year retention rate for the two biosimilars was 89.5%. Compared with SB5, estimated risk of withdrawal for GP2017 was lower (HR 0.60; 95% CI 0.42 to 0.86) and 6 months' remission rate was higher (OR 1.72; 95% CI 1.25 to 2.37). Stratified analyses gave similar results (statistically significant for RA). During 1 year, 8.5% and 12.9% withdrew GP2017 and SB5, respectively (primarily lack of effect and adverse events), of whom 48 patients (3.6%) back-switched., CONCLUSION: This head-to-head comparison of GP2017 versus SB5 following a mandatory switch from the originator indicated differences in effectiveness in routine care. This may reflect a true difference, but other explanations, for example, differences in excipients, differences between clusters and residual confounding cannot be ruled out. Copyright © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2021. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Efficacy of secukinumab and adalimumab in patients with psoriatic arthritis and concomitant moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: results from EXCEED, a randomized, double-blind head-to-head monotherapy study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Secukinumab [an interleukin (IL)-17A inhibitor] has demonstrated significantly higher efficacy vs. etanercept (a tumour necrosis factor inhibitor) and ustekinumab (an IL-12/23 inhibitor) in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis., OBJECTIVES: To report 52-week results from a prespecified analysis of patients with active psoriatic arthritis (PsA) having concomitant moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis from the head-to-head EXCEED monotherapy study comparing secukinumab with adalimumab., METHODS: Patients were randomized to receive secukinumab 300 mg via subcutaneous injection at baseline, week 1-4, and then every 4 weeks until week 48 or adalimumab 40 mg via subcutaneous injection every 2 weeks from baseline until week 50. Assessments in patients with concomitant moderate-to-severe psoriasis, defined as having affected body surface area > 10% or Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) >= 10 at baseline, included musculoskeletal, skin and quality-of-life outcomes. Missing data were handled using multiple imputation., RESULTS: Of the 853 patients [secukinumab (N = 426), adalimumab (N = 427)], 211 (24.7%) had concomitant moderate-to-severe psoriasis [secukinumab (N = 110, 25.8%), adalimumab (N = 101, 23.7%)]. Up to week 50, 5.5% of patients discontinued secukinumab vs.17.8% in the adalimumab group. The proportion of patients who achieved American College of Rheumatology (ACR) 20 response was 76.4% with secukinumab vs. 68.3% with adalimumab (P = 0.175), PASI 100 response was 39.1% vs. 23.8% (P = 0.013), and simultaneous improvement in ACR 50 and PASI 100 response at week 52 was 28.2% vs. 17.7%, respectively (P = 0.06). Secukinumab demonstrated consistently higher responses vs. adalimumab across skin endpoints., CONCLUSIONS: This prespecified analysis in PsA patients with concomitant moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis in the EXCEED study provides further evidence that IL-17 inhibitors offer a comprehensive biological treatment to manage the concomitant features of psoriasis and PsA. Copyright © 2021 The Authors. British Journal of Dermatology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of British Association of Dermatologists.
Sequential knockoffs for continuous and categorical predictors: With application to a large psoriatic arthritis clinical trial pool.$$$ Knockoffs provide a general framework for controlling the false discovery rate when performing variable selection. Much of the Knockoffs literature focuses on theoretical challenges and we recognize a need for bringing some of the current ideas into practice. In this paper we propose a sequential algorithm for generating knockoffs when underlying data consists of both continuous and categorical (factor) variables. Further, we present a heuristic multiple knockoffs approach that offers a practical assessment of how robust the knockoff selection process is for a given dataset. We conduct extensive simulations to validate performance of the proposed methodology. Finally, we demonstrate the utility of the methods on a large clinical data pool of more than 2000 patients with psoriatic arthritis evaluated in four clinical trials with an IL-17A inhibitor, secukinumab (Cosentyx), where we determine prognostic factors of a well established clinical outcome. The analyses presented in this paper could provide a wide range of applications to commonly encountered datasets in medical practice and other fields where variable selection is of particular interest. Copyright © 2021 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
IL17A/F nanobody sonelokimab in patients with plaque psoriasis: a multicentre, randomised, placebo-controlled, phase 2b study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Sonelokimab (also known as M1095) is a novel trivalent nanobody comprised of monovalent camelid-derived (ie, from the Camelidae family of mammals, such as camels, llamas, and alpacas) nanobodies specific to human interleukin (IL)-17A, IL-17F, and human serum albumin. Nanobodies are a novel class of proprietary therapeutic proteins based on single-domain, camelid, heavy-chain-only antibodies. We assessed the efficacy, safety, and tolerability of sonelokimab across four dosage regimens compared with placebo in patients with plaque-type psoriasis. Secukinumab served as an active control., METHODS: This multicentre, randomised, placebo-controlled, phase 2b trial was done at 41 clinics and research sites in Bulgaria, Canada, Czech Republic, Germany, Hungary, Poland, and the USA. Participants (aged 18-75 years) with stable moderate to severe plaque-type psoriasis (defined as an Investigator's Global Assessment [IGA] score of >=3, a body surface area involvement of >=10%, and a Psoriasis Area and Severity Index score of >=12) for more than 6 months before randomisation, who were candidates for systemic biological therapy were included. Participants previously treated with more than two biologics or any therapy targeting IL-17 were excluded. Randomisation was stratified by weight (<=90 kg or >90 kg) and previous use of biologics. Investigators, participants, and vendors remained masked for the duration of the study, with the exception of each site's study drug administrator (who did not complete any other assessments in the study) and a study monitor who only assessed drug preparation, administration, and accountability. The study sponsor remained masked until all week 24 data were clean and locked. Participants were randomly assigned (1:1:1:1:1:1) using a centralised interactive response technology system to one of six parallel treatment groups: placebo group, sonelokimab 30 mg group, sonelokimab 60 mg group, sonelokimab 120 mg normal load group, sonelokimab 120 mg augmented load group, or secukinumab 300 mg group. All participants underwent a 4-week screening period, a 12-week placebo-controlled induction period, a 12-week dose maintenance or escalation period, and a 24-week response assessment or dose-holding period. During the placebo-controlled induction period (weeks 0-12), participants received either placebo (at weeks 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 8, and 10), sonelokimab 30 mg, 60 mg, or 120 mg normal load (at weeks 0, 2, 4, and 8), sonelokimab 120 mg augmented load (at weeks 0, 2, 4, 6, 8, and 10), or secukinumab 300 mg (at weeks 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, and 8), with placebo given at weeks 1, 3, 6, and 10 in the sonelokimab 30 mg, 60 mg, and 120 mg normal load groups, at weeks 1 and 3 in the sonelokimab 120 mg augmented load group, and at weeks 6 and 10 in the secukinumab 300 mg group. During the dose maintenance or escalation period (weeks 12-24), participants assigned to the placebo group received sonelokimab 120 mg (at weeks 12, 14, 16, and then every 4 weeks); those assigned to sonelokimab 30 mg or 60 mg groups with an IGA score of more than 1 were escalated to 120 mg and then every 4 weeks, and those with an IGA score of 1 or less stayed on the assigned dose at week 12 and then every 4 weeks; those assigned to the sonelokimab 120 mg groups received sonelokimab 120 mg at week 12 and then every 8 weeks (normal load group) or every 4 weeks (augmented load); and those assigned to the secukinumab 300 mg group received secukinumab 300 mg at week 12 and then every 4 weeks. During this period, placebo was given at week 14 in all groups, except in participants who initially received placebo, and at week 16 in the sonelokimab 120 mg normal load group. In the response assessment with dose-holding period (weeks 24-48), participants in the sonelokimab 30 mg or 60 mg groups who had dose escalation to 120 mg remained on the same regimen regardless of the IGA score at week 24. Participants in the secukinumab 300 mg group also remained on the same regimen regardless of IGA score at week 24. Participants in the sonelokimab 30 mg and 60 mg groups without dose escalation, and all participants in the two sonelokimab 120 mg groups (including placebo rollover patients) were eligible to stop the study drug at week 24. Those participants with an IGA score of 0 at week 24 received placebo; these participants resumed the previous dose of sonelokimab every 4 weeks when they had an IGA score of 1 or more (assessed every 4 weeks). Participants in these groups with an IGA score of 1 or more at week 24 continued on the same dosage. All study treatments were administered as subcutaneous injections. The final dose in all groups was given at week 44. The primary outcome was the proportion of participants in the sonelokimab groups with an IGA of clear or almost clear (score 0 or 1) at week 12 compared with the placebo group. The primary outcome and safety outcomes were assessed on an intention-to-treat basis. The study was not powered for formal comparisons between sonelokimab and secukinumab groups. This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT03384745., FINDINGS: Between Aug 15, 2018, and March 27, 2019, 383 patients were assessed for eligibility, 313 of whom were enrolled and randomly assigned to the placebo group (n=52), the sonelokimab 30 mg group (n=52), the sonelokimab 60 mg group (n=52), the sonelokimab 120 mg normal load group (n=53), the sonelokimab 120 mg augmented load group (n=51), or the secukinumab 300 mg group (n=53). Baseline characteristics of participants were similar among the groups. At week 12, none (0.0% [95% CI 0.0-6.8]) of the 52 participants in the placebo group had an IGA score of 0 or 1 versus 25 (48.1% [34.0-62.4], p<0.0001) of 52 participants in the sonelokimab 30 mg group, 44 (84.6% [71.9-93.1], p<0.0001) of 52 participants in the sonelokimab 60 mg group, 41 (77.4% [63.8-87.7], p<0.0001) of 53 participants in the sonelokimab 120 mg normal load group, 45 (88.2% [76.1-95.6], p<0.0001) of 51 participants in the sonelokimab 120 mg augmented load group, and 41 (77.4% [63.8-87.7], p<0.0001) of 53 participants in the secukinumab 300 mg group. During the placebo-controlled induction period, 155 (49.5%) of 313 participants had one or more mostly mild to moderate adverse event; the most frequent adverse events in all participants on sonelokimab during weeks 0-12 were nasopharyngitis (28 [13.5%] of 208 participants), pruritus (14 [6.7%] participants), and upper respiratory tract infection (nine [4.3%] participants). One patient from all sonelokimab-containing groups had Crohn's disease that developed during weeks 12-52. Over 52 weeks, sonelokimab safety was similar to secukinumab, with the possible exception of manageable Candida infections (one [1.9%] of 53 participants in the secukinumab group had a Candida infection vs 19 [7.4%] of 257 participants in all sonelokimab-containing groups)., INTERPRETATION: Treatment with sonelokimab doses of 120 mg or less showed significant clinical benefit over placebo, with rapid onset of treatment effect, durable improvements, and an acceptable safety profile., FUNDING: Avillion. Copyright © 2021 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Impact of Biological Agents on Imaging and Biomarkers of Cardiovascular Disease in Patients with Psoriasis: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Placebo-Controlled Trials.$$$ BACKGROUND: The effect of biologics on the risk for cardiovascular disease in patients with psoriasis is still unclear despite their widespread use., OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to examine the impact of licensed biological therapies on imaging and biomarkers of cardiovascular disease risk in patients with psoriasis by a systematic review and meta-analysis of placebo-controlled trials., METHODS: A comprehensive search of studies published before 1 June 2020 was performed in Medline-Ovid, EMBASE, and CENTRAL using a predefined strategy to identify relevant articles., RESULTS: Five studies were included for the final examination, and two studies were included in the meta-analysis. We did not find a significant reduction in aortic vascular inflammation in patients treated with adalimumab compared with those who received placebo at weeks 12-16. There was no beneficial effect on imaging biomarkers (aortic vascular inflammation or flow-mediated dilatation) of cardiovascular disease risk in patients exposed to biological therapies (adalimumab and secukinumab) compared with those exposed to placebo, except for ustekinumab showing a reduction in aortic vascular inflammation at week 12 but not at week 52 after the open-label extension period. The strongest reduction in blood-based cardiometabolic risk biomarkers was observed with adalimumab (CRP, TNF-alpha, IL-6, and GlycA) and phototherapy (CRP and IL-6) compared with that observed with placebo., CONCLUSIONS: Randomized controlled trials show that ustekinumab reduces aortic vascular inflammation and that TNF-alpha inhibitors and phototherapy reduce CRP and IL-6. These surrogate marker findings require randomized controlled trials evaluating cardiovascular events to inform clinical practice. Copyright © 2021 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Bimekizumab versus Secukinumab in Plaque Psoriasis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Bimekizumab is a monoclonal IgG1 antibody that selectively inhibits both interleukin-17A and interleukin-17F. The efficacy and safety of bimekizumab as compared with secukinumab, which selectively inhibits interleukin-17A alone, in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis have not been extensively examined., METHODS: In this phase 3b trial, we randomly assigned patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis, in a 1:1 ratio, to receive bimekizumab subcutaneously at a dose of 320 mg every 4 weeks or secukinumab subcutaneously at a dose of 300 mg weekly to week 4, followed by every 4 weeks to week 48. At week 16, patients receiving bimekizumab underwent rerandomization, in a 1:2 ratio, to receive maintenance dosing every 4 weeks or every 8 weeks to week 48. The primary end point was 100% reduction from baseline in the Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) score at week 16. The primary analysis was first tested for the noninferiority of bimekizumab to secukinumab at a margin of -10 percentage points and then tested for superiority., RESULTS: A total of 1005 patients were screened and 743 were enrolled; 373 patients were assigned to receive bimekizumab and 370 to receive secukinumab. At week 16, a total of 230 patients (61.7%) in the bimekizumab group and 181 (48.9%) in the secukinumab group had a 100% reduction from baseline in the PASI score (PASI 100) (adjusted risk difference, 12.7 percentage points; 95% confidence interval [CI], 5.8 to 19.6); bimekizumab was shown to be noninferior and superior to secukinumab (P<0.001 for noninferiority and superiority). At week 48, a total of 250 patients (67.0%) treated with bimekizumab had a PASI 100 response, as compared with 171 patients (46.2%) treated with secukinumab (adjusted risk difference, 20.9 percentage points; 95% CI, 14.1 to 27.7; P<0.001). At the week 4 time point, 265 patients (71.0%) in the bimekizumab group had 75% or greater reduction from baseline in the PASI score, as compared with 175 patients (47.3%) in the secukinumab group (adjusted risk difference, 23.7; 95% CI, 17.0 to 30.4; P<0.001). Oral candidiasis occurred more often with bimekizumab (72 patients, 19.3%) than with secukinumab (11 patients, 3.0%)., CONCLUSIONS: In patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis, treatment with bimekizumab resulted in greater skin clearance than treatment with secukinumab over 16 and 48 weeks but was associated with oral candidiasis (predominantly mild or moderate as recorded by the investigator). Longer and larger trials are required to determine the comparative effect and risks of interleukin-17 inhibitors in psoriasis. (Funded by UCB Pharma; BE RADIANT ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT03536884.). Copyright © 2021 Massachusetts Medical Society.
Bimekizumab versus Adalimumab in Plaque Psoriasis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Bimekizumab is a monoclonal IgG1 antibody that selectively inhibits interleukin-17A and interleukin-17F. The efficacy and safety of bimekizumab as compared with the tumor necrosis factor inhibitor adalimumab in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis have not been extensively examined., METHODS: We randomly assigned patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis in a 1:1:1 ratio to receive subcutaneous bimekizumab at a dose of 320 mg every 4 weeks for 56 weeks; bimekizumab at a dose of 320 mg every 4 weeks for 16 weeks, then every 8 weeks for weeks 16 to 56; or subcutaneous adalimumab at a dose of 40 mg every 2 weeks for 24 weeks, followed by bimekizumab at a dose of 320 mg every 4 weeks to week 56. The primary end points were a 90% or greater reduction from baseline in the Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) score (PASI 90 response; PASI scores range from 0 to 72, with higher scores indicating worse disease) and an Investigator's Global Assessment (IGA) score of 0 or 1, signifying clear or almost clear skin (scores range from 0 [clear skin] to 4 [severe disease]), at week 16. The analysis of the primary end points tested noninferiority at a margin of -10 percentage points and then tested for superiority., RESULTS: A total of 614 patients were screened, and 478 were enrolled; 158 patients were assigned to receive bimekizumab every 4 weeks, 161 to receive bimekizumab every 4 weeks and then every 8 weeks, and 159 to receive adalimumab. The mean age of the patients was 44.9 years; the mean PASI score at baseline was 19.8. At week 16, a total of 275 of 319 patients (86.2%) who received bimekizumab (both dose groups combined) and 75 of 159 (47.2%) who received adalimumab had a PASI 90 response (adjusted risk difference, 39.3 percentage points; 95% confidence interval [CI], 30.9 to 47.7; P<0.001 for noninferiority and superiority). A total of 272 of 319 patients (85.3%) who received bimekizumab and 91 of 159 (57.2%) who received adalimumab had an IGA score of 0 or 1 (adjusted risk difference, 28.2 percentage points; 95% CI, 19.7 to 36.7; P<0.001 for noninferiority and superiority). The most common adverse events with bimekizumab were upper respiratory tract infections, oral candidiasis (predominantly mild or moderate as recorded by the investigator), hypertension, and diarrhea., CONCLUSIONS: In this 56-week trial, bimekizumab was noninferior and superior to adalimumab through 16 weeks in reducing symptoms and signs of plaque psoriasis but was associated with a higher frequency of oral candidiasis and diarrhea. Longer and larger trials are required to determine the efficacy and safety of bimekizumab as compared with other agents in the treatment of plaque psoriasis. (Funded by UCB Pharma; BE SURE ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT03412747.). Copyright © 2021 Massachusetts Medical Society.
Discontinuation of infliximab in patients with ulcerative colitis in remission (HAYABUSA): a multicentre, open-label, randomised controlled trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Anti-tumour necrosis factor (TNF) agents are the mainstay of long-term treatment for refractory ulcerative colitis. However, long-term use of anti-TNF therapy might lead to an increased risk of malignancy or infection. To date, no randomised controlled trial has evaluated whether anti-TNF agents can be safely discontinued in patients with ulcerative colitis in remission. We therefore aimed to compare outcomes in these patients who continued infliximab with those who discontinued infliximab., METHODS: We did a multicentre, open-label randomised controlled trial at 24 specialist centres in Japan. We enrolled patients with ulcerative colitis who were in remission, had been treated with intravenous infliximab (5 mg/kg) every 8 weeks, and had started infliximab at least 14 weeks before study enrolment. No restrictions regarding age and comorbidities were used to exclude participation. Patients who were confirmed to be in remission for more than 6 months, to be corticosteroid-free, and to have a Mayo Endoscopic Subscore (MES) of 0 or 1 were centrally randomised. An independent organisation randomly assigned patients (1:1) into either the infliximab-continued group or infliximab-discontinued group, using a computer-generated stratified randomisation procedure. The stratified factors were the use of immunomodulators (yes or no) and MES (0 or 1). Neither patients nor health-care providers were masked to the randomisation. The primary endpoint was the remission rate at week 48 in the full analysis set, which was based on the intention-to-treat principle and excluded participants with no efficacy data after randomisation. This study was registered with the University Hospital Medical Information Network Center Trials registry, UMIN000012092., FINDINGS: Between June 16, 2014, and July 28, 2017, 122 patients were eligible for screening and a total of 95 patients were randomly assigned to the infliximab-continued group (n=48) or the infliximab-discontinued group (n=47). 92 patients (n=46 for both groups) were included in the full analysis set. 37 (80.4% [95% CI 66.1-90.6]) of 46 patients in the infliximab-continued group and 25 (54.3% [39.0-69.1]) of 46 patients in the infliximab-discontinued group were in remission at week 48. The between-group difference was 26.1% (95% CI 7.7-44.5; p=0.0076) before adjustment and 27.3% (95% CI 8.0-44.1; p=0.0059) after adjustment for stratification factors. Eight (17%) of 48 patients in the infliximab-continued group and six (13%) of 47 in the infliximab-discontinued group developed adverse events (between-group difference 3.9% [95% CI -10.3 to 18.1]; p=0.59). In the infliximab-continued group, one patient had an infusion reaction and two patients had psoriatic skin lesions. Eight (66.7%, 95% CI 34.9-90.1) of the 12 patients in the infliximab-discontinuation group who were re-treated with infliximab after relapsing were in remission within 8 weeks of re-treatment; none had infusion reactions., INTERPRETATION: Maintenance of remission was significantly more common in patients who continued infliximab than in those who discontinued. Discontinuing infliximab should therefore be discussed with caution, taking both risk of relapse and efficacy of re-treatment into account., FUNDING: Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma Corporation and the Intractable Disease Project of the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare of Japan., TRANSLATION: For the Japanese translation of the abstract see Supplementary Materials section. Copyright © 2021 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Efficacy and safety of IL-17 inhibitors for patients with psoriatic arthritis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The efficacy and safety of IL-17 inhibitors for patients with Psoriatic arthritis (PsA) is still a controversial issue., MATERIALS AND METHODS: We systematically searched MEDLINE, EMBASE and Cochrane for randomized controlled trials that compared IL-17 inhibitors with placebo or TNF inhibitor adalimumab in patients with PsA., RESULTS: Eleven studies with 5327 patients were included in the meta-analysis. IL-17 inhibitors were effective in achieving response rates of American College of Rheumatology (ACR) 20, ACR50 and ACR70 compared with the control group. The results of subgroup analyses showed that IL-17 inhibitors had significant advantages in increasing the response rates of ACR20, ACR50 and ACR70 over placebo. IL-17 inhibitors did not show advantages in the responses of ACR20 and ACR50, but they were associated with a higher rate of ACR70 when compared with adalimumab. The longer the follow-up time, the higher the response rates of ACR20, ACR50 and ACR70 in IL-17 inhibitors group. IL-17 inhibitors treatment also significantly increased the rates of PASI75 and PASI90 compared with controls. Additionally, IL-17 inhibitors were associated with higher risks of any Candida infections and injection site reactions and with a lower rate of allergic reactions or hypersensitivities compared with the control group., CONCLUSIONS: This study provided a clear proof of beneficial effects of IL-17 inhibitors in improving joint disease activity in patients with PsA with an acceptable safety profile.
First-in-human study demonstrating the safety and clinical efficacy of novel anti-IL-17A monoclonal antibody CJM112 in moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Anti-IL-17A IgG/kappa monoclonal antibody CJM112 binds both IL-17A and IL-17AF. The purpose of this First-in-Human study was to assess CJM112 effects on safety and efficacy in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis., METHODS: This study had two parts: single ascending doses of 5-450 mg subcutaneous (s.c.) CJM112 (SAD) and multi-dose parallel groups of CJM112 15 mg, 50 mg and 150 mg s.c. low frequency or high frequency (MD). SAD/MD were double-blind, randomized and placebo-controlled; MD also included a secukinumab 150 mg s.c. arm as an active comparator. Patients 18-65 years with moderate to severe psoriasis were included in this study. The efficacy outcome was the change in Psoriasis Area Severity Index (PASI) from baseline to Week 4 in the SAD part of the study, and from baseline to Week 12 in the MD part., RESULTS: 96 patients were enrolled in this study (SAD, n = 42; MD, n = 54). In SAD, CJM112 doses from 15 mg and above demonstrated higher PASI responses compared with placebo at Week 12. CJM112 450 mg did not add further efficacy, but efficacy duration was prolonged compared with CJM112 150 mg. CJM112 MD resulted in a dose-dependent decrease in PASI over time to Week 12. CJM112 150 mg high frequency did not exceed the effect of CJM112 150 mg low frequency and had similar efficacy to secukinumab 150 mg. The safety profile of CJM112 was as expected for an antibody targeting IL-17A/IL-17AF., CONCLUSIONS: CJM112 had clinical efficacy in moderate to severe psoriasis and was generally safe and well tolerated in the doses tested. Additional neutralization of IL-17AF did not translate to increased clinical efficacy compared with secukinumab. Copyright © 2020 Novartis Pharma AG. Journal of the European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
Network meta-analysis of biologic treatments for psoriasis using absolute Psoriasis Area and Severity Index values <=1, 2, 3 or 5 derived from a statistical conversion method.$$$ BACKGROUND: In practice, the goal of treatment for patients with psoriasis is to achieve almost clear or clear skin and maintain disease control, regardless of baseline disease severity. However, identifying absolute Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) values for new treatment goals is challenging, as most clinical trials report relative PASI 50, 75, 90 or 100 improvements but rarely absolute PASI values achieved., OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to illustrate a statistical conversion method that was developed to derive absolute PASI values from available clinical trial data on relative PASI improvements. The results of network meta-analyses (NMAs) based on these derived data were then compared with those of NMAs based on the corresponding relative PASI improvement data for selected biologics for moderate-to-severe psoriasis., METHODS: The PASI statistical conversion method was applied to relative PASI improvement data for 11 biologic treatment regimens and placebo at 12 weeks using data from 50 published studies. The respective proportions of patients reaching absolute PASI values <=1, 2, 3 or 5 were then calculated. Frequentist NMAs (Rucker method) were subsequently used to compare efficacy results across relative and absolute PASI data., RESULTS: The ranking of included treatment regimens for patients achieving absolute PASI 0 to 8 was aligned with results for relative PASI scores (from 100 to 60) at end of induction therapy. Across the range of PASI scores considered, the most effective treatment regimens based on both absolute and relative PASI NMAs were brodalumab 210 mg every 2 weeks and ixekizumab 80 mg every 2 weeks, followed by guselkumab 100 mg every 8 weeks and risankizumab 150 mg every 12 weeks., CONCLUSION: Data generated using this mathematical model will be useful to inform ongoing scientific discussions on treatment goals in the absence of primary absolute PASI data for all available treatments for moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. Copyright © 2021 The Authors. Journal of the European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
Azathioprine weekly pulse versus methotrexate for the treatment of chronic plaque psoriasis: A randomized controlled trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Methotrexate is the most commonly used drug in the treatment of psoriasis with good efficacy and safety. Recently, weekly azathioprine pulse has been shown to be effective in this disease., AIM: The aim of this study is to compare the effectiveness and safety of weekly pulse doses of azathioprine and methotrexate for the treatment of chronic plaque psoriasis., METHODS: In this randomized controlled trial, 80 patients with chronic plaque psoriasis were recruited. After detailed clinical and laboratory evaluation, patients were randomized to 2 groups to receive either weekly 300 mg azathioprine (n = 40) or 15 mg methotrexate every week (n = 40) for 20 weeks, following which the response to treatment and adverse effects were assessed. The patients were then followed up every 4 weeks for 3 months to determine any relapse., RESULTS: Overall, 48 (60%) patients achieved PASI 75, while 36 (45%) and 59 (73.8%) patients achieved PASI 100 and 50, respectively. On intention to treat analysis, PASI >= 75 was achieved in 47.5% (19/40) patients in group 1 compared to 85% (34/40) patients in group 2 (p < 0.001). However, on per protocol analysis, PASI >= 75 was achieved in 86% (19/22) patients in group 1 and 92% (34/37) patients in group 2 (p = 0.497). Minor clinical and biochemical adverse effects were noted in both the groups, which were comparable. One (7.7%) patient in group 1 and 4 (17.4%) in group 2 relapsed during follow-up., LIMITATIONS: Limitations of study include small sample size and short follow-up., CONCLUSION: Weekly azathioprine pulse appears to be beneficial in the management of chronic plaque psoriasis. However, it is less effective than weekly methotrexate. It can thus be of use as a therapeutic option in patients with contraindication to methotrexate or other similar agents in this disease.
Systemic pharmacological treatments for chronic plaque psoriasis: a network meta-analysis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Psoriasis is an immune-mediated disease for which some people have a genetic predisposition. The condition manifests in inflammatory effects on either the skin or joints, or both, and it has a major impact on quality of life. Although there is currently no cure for psoriasis, various treatment strategies allow sustained control of disease signs and symptoms. Several randomised controlled trials (RCTs) have compared the efficacy of the different systemic treatments in psoriasis against placebo. However, the relative benefit of these treatments remains unclear due to the limited number of trials comparing them directly head-to-head, which is why we chose to conduct a network meta-analysis., OBJECTIVES: To compare the efficacy and safety of non-biological systemic agents, small molecules, and biologics for people with moderate-to-severe psoriasis using a network meta-analysis, and to provide a ranking of these treatments according to their efficacy and safety., SEARCH METHODS: For this living systematic review we updated our searches of the following databases monthly to September 2020: the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE, and Embase. We searched two trials registers to the same date. We checked the reference lists of included studies and relevant systematic reviews for further references to eligible RCTs., SELECTION CRITERIA: Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of systemic treatments in adults (over 18 years of age) with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis or psoriatic arthritis whose skin had been clinically diagnosed with moderate-to-severe psoriasis, at any stage of treatment, in comparison to placebo or another active agent. The primary outcomes of this review were: the proportion of participants who achieved clear or almost clear skin, that is, at least Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) 90 at induction phase (from 8 to 24 weeks after the randomisation), and the proportion of participants with serious adverse events (SAEs) at induction phase. We did not evaluate differences in specific adverse events., DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Several groups of two review authors independently undertook study selection, data extraction, 'Risk of bias' assessment, and analyses. We synthesised the data using pair-wise and network meta-analysis (NMA) to compare the treatments of interest and rank them according to their effectiveness (as measured by the PASI 90 score) and acceptability (the inverse of serious adverse events). We assessed the certainty of the body of evidence from the NMA for the two primary outcomes and all comparisons, according to CINeMA, as either very low, low, moderate, or high. We contacted study authors when data were unclear or missing. We used the surface under the cumulative ranking curve (SUCRA) to infer on treatment hierarchy: 0% (treatment is the worst for effectiveness or safety) to 100% (treatment is the best for effectiveness or safety)., MAIN RESULTS: We included 158 studies (18 new studies for the update) in our review (57,831 randomised participants, 67.2% men, mainly recruited from hospitals). The overall average age was 45 years; the overall mean PASI score at baseline was 20 (range: 9.5 to 39). Most of these studies were placebo-controlled (58%), 30% were head-to-head studies, and 11% were multi-armed studies with both an active comparator and a placebo. We have assessed a total of 20 treatments. In all, 133 trials were multicentric (two to 231 centres). All but two of the outcomes included in this review were limited to the induction phase (assessment from 8 to 24 weeks after randomisation). We assessed many studies (53/158) as being at high risk of bias; 25 were at an unclear risk, and 80 at low risk. Most studies (123/158) declared funding by a pharmaceutical company, and 22 studies did not report their source of funding. Network meta-analysis at class level showed that all of the interventions (non-biological systemic agents, small molecules, and biological treatments) were significantly more effective than placebo in reaching PASI 90. At class level, in reaching PASI 90, the biologic treatments anti-IL17, anti-IL12/23, anti-IL23, and anti-TNF alpha were significantly more effective than the small molecules and the non-biological systemic agents. At drug level, infliximab, ixekizumab, secukinumab, brodalumab, risankizumab and guselkumab were significantly more effective in reaching PASI 90 than ustekinumab and three anti-TNF alpha agents: adalimumab, certolizumab, and etanercept. Ustekinumab and adalimumab were significantly more effective in reaching PASI 90 than etanercept; ustekinumab was more effective than certolizumab, and the clinical effectiveness of ustekinumab and adalimumab was similar. There was no significant difference between tofacitinib or apremilast and three non-biological drugs: fumaric acid esters (FAEs), ciclosporin and methotrexate. Network meta-analysis also showed that infliximab, ixekizumab, risankizumab, bimekizumab, secukinumab, guselkumab, and brodalumab outperformed other drugs when compared to placebo in reaching PASI 90. The clinical effectiveness of these drugs was similar, except for ixekizumab which had a better chance of reaching PASI 90 compared with secukinumab, guselkumab and brodalumab. The clinical effectiveness of these seven drugs was: infliximab (versus placebo): risk ratio (RR) 50.29, 95% confidence interval (CI) 20.96 to 120.67, SUCRA = 93.6; high-certainty evidence; ixekizumab (versus placebo): RR 32.48, 95% CI 27.13 to 38.87; SUCRA = 90.5; high-certainty evidence; risankizumab (versus placebo): RR 28.76, 95% CI 23.96 to 34.54; SUCRA = 84.6; high-certainty evidence; bimekizumab (versus placebo): RR 58.64, 95% CI 3.72 to 923.86; SUCRA = 81.4; high-certainty evidence; secukinumab (versus placebo): RR 25.79, 95% CI 21.61 to 30.78; SUCRA = 76.2; high-certainty evidence; guselkumab (versus placebo): RR 25.52, 95% CI 21.25 to 30.64; SUCRA = 75; high-certainty evidence; and brodalumab (versus placebo): RR 23.55, 95% CI 19.48 to 28.48; SUCRA = 68.4; moderate-certainty evidence. Conservative interpretation is warranted for the results for bimekizumab (as well as mirikizumab, tyrosine kinase 2 inhibitor, acitretin, ciclosporin, fumaric acid esters, and methotrexate), as these drugs, in the NMA, have been evaluated in few trials. We found no significant difference between any of the interventions and the placebo for the risk of SAEs. Nevertheless, the SAE analyses were based on a very low number of events with low to moderate certainty for all the comparisons. Thus, the results have to be viewed with caution and we cannot be sure of the ranking. For other efficacy outcomes (PASI 75 and Physician Global Assessment (PGA) 0/1) the results were similar to the results for PASI 90. Information on quality of life was often poorly reported and was absent for several of the interventions., AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: Our review shows that compared to placebo, the biologics infliximab, ixekizumab, risankizumab, bimekizumab, secukinumab, guselkumab and brodalumab were the most effective treatments for achieving PASI 90 in people with moderate-to-severe psoriasis on the basis of moderate- to high-certainty evidence. This NMA evidence is limited to induction therapy (outcomes were measured from 8 to 24 weeks after randomisation) and is not sufficient for evaluation of longer-term outcomes in this chronic disease. Moreover, we found low numbers of studies for some of the interventions, and the young age (mean age of 45 years) and high level of disease severity (PASI 20 at baseline) may not be typical of patients seen in daily clinical practice. Another major concern is that short-term trials provide scanty and sometimes poorly-reported safety data and thus do not provide useful evidence to create a reliable risk profile of treatments. We found no significant difference in the assessed interventions and placebo in terms of SAEs, and the evidence for all the interventions was of low to moderate quality. In order to provide long-term information on the safety of the treatments included in this review, it will also be necessary to evaluate non-randomised studies and postmarketing reports released from regulatory agencies. In terms of future research, randomised trials directly comparing active agents are necessary once high-quality evidence of benefit against placebo is established, including head-to-head trials amongst and between non-biological systemic agents and small molecules, and between biological agents (anti-IL17 versus anti-IL23, anti-IL23 versus anti-IL12/23, anti-TNF alpha versus anti-IL12/23). Future trials should also undertake systematic subgroup analyses (e.g. assessing biological-naive participants, baseline psoriasis severity, presence of psoriatic arthritis, etc.). Finally, outcome measure harmonisation is needed in psoriasis trials, and researchers should look at the medium- and long-term benefit and safety of the interventions and the comparative safety of different agents. Editorial note: This is a living systematic review. Living systematic reviews offer a new approach to review updating, in which the review is continually updated, incorporating relevant new evidence as it becomes available. Please refer to the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews for the current status of this review. Copyright © 2021 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Relative efficacy and safety of secukinumab and guselkumab for the treatment of active psoriatic arthritis: A network meta-analysis.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine the relative effectiveness and safety of doses of secukinumab and guselkumab in patients with active psoriatic arthritis (PsA)., MATERIALS AND METHODS: A Bayesian network meta-analysis was performed incorporating data from randomized controlled trials (RCTs) to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of secukinumab 150 mg, secukinumab 300 mg, and guselkumab 100 mg every 4 weeks (Q4W) and guselkumab every 8 weeks (Q8W)., RESULTS: Six RCTs, including 2,385 patients, fulfilled the inclusion criteria. The surface under the cumulative ranking curve (SUCRA) revealed that secukinumab 300 mg had the highest probability of reaching a 20% American College of Rheumatology (ACR20) response rate, followed by secukinumab 150 mg, guselkumab 100 mg Q4W, guselkumab 100 mg Q8W, and placebo. The ACR50 response rate revealed the same distribution pattern as the ACR20 response rate. The SUCRA rating, dependent on the psoriasis area and severity index of at least 75% (PASI75) response rate, showed that guselkumab 100 mg Q4W had the highest possibility of achieving the PASi75 response, followed by guselkumab 100 mg Q8W, secukinumab 300 mg, secukinumab 150 mg, and placebo. Safety analyses focused on serious adverse events (SAEs), adverse events (AEs), and withdrawals attributable to AEs that did not have statistically relevant variation in the respective intervention categories., CONCLUSION: Based on the ACR20 and ACR50 response rates, secukinumab 300 mg had the strongest response effectiveness, whereas guselkumab 100 mg Q4W was the most effective treatment strategy for PsA based on PASI75. However, there was little disparity between the treatment options with regard to SAEs.
Effect of Ixekizumab on Patient Reported Outcomes and Quality of Life in Patients With Moderate-to-Severe Plaque Psoriasis: 5-Year Results from the UNCOVER-1 and -2 Studies.$$$ OBJECTIVE: We describe patient-reported outcomes and quality of life through 5 years of treatment in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis in the UNCOVER-1 and -2 studies., METHODS: This analysis included patients who were randomized to ixekizumab every 2 weeks then received ixekizumab every 4 weeks during the maintenance period, and who achieved static physician global assessment (0,1) at week 12, completed week 60, and entered the long-term extension period (weeks 60264). Outcomes measures included responses in itch numeric rating scale (NRS), skin pain visual analog scale (VAS), and dermatology life quality index (DLQI) (0,1), and mean change from baseline in short form health survey (SF-36) mental (MCS) and physical component summaries (PCS), psoriasis skin appearance bothersomeness (PSAB), and work productivity activity impairment (WPAI)., RESULTS: At week 264 in UNCOVER-1 and -2, the observed itch NRS >=4 responses were 82.4% and 93.1%, respectively, the itch NRS=0 responses were 51.7% and 58.5%, respectively, the skin pain VAS=0 responses were 59.3% and 63.1%, respectively, and the DLQI (0,1) responses were 75.0% and 88.1%, respectively. The observed mean changes from baseline at week 264 in UNCOVER-1 and UNCOVER-2 were 3.4 and 6.5, respectively, for SF-36 MCS, 4.4 and 4.8, respectively, for SF-36 PCS, and -21.3 and -22.0, respectively, for PSAB. WPAI psoriasis item scores improved from baseline in both UNCOVER-1 and -2., CONCLUSION: Ixekizumab provided clinically meaningful and sustained improvements in itch, skin pain, DLQI, PSAB, SF-36 PCS, SF-36 MCS, and WPAI through 5 years of treatment in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. J Drugs Dermatol. 20(4):394-401. doi:10.36849/JDD.5821Visit the JDD Psoriasis Resource Center for more.
Comparative effectiveness of guselkumab in psoriatic arthritis: results from systematic literature review and network meta-analysis.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The efficacy of the novel interleukin (IL)-23p19 inhibitor guselkumab for psoriatic arthritis (PsA) has recently been demonstrated in two phase 3 trials (DISCOVER-1 & -2) but has not been evaluated vs other targeted therapies for PsA. The objective was to compare guselkumab to targeted therapies for PsA for safety and joint and skin efficacy through network meta-analysis (NMA)., METHODS: A systematic literature review was conducted in January 2020 to identify randomized controlled trials. Bayesian NMAs were performed to compare treatments on American College of Rheumatology (ACR) 20/50/70 response, mean change from baseline in van der Heijde-Sharp (vdH-S) score, Psoriasis Area Severity Index (PASI) 75/90/100 response, adverse events (AEs) and serious adverse events (SAEs)., RESULTS: Twenty-six phase 3 studies evaluating 13 targeted therapies for PsA were included. For ACR 20 response, guselkumab 100 mg every 8 weeks (Q8W) was comparable to IL-17A inhibitors and subcutaneous tumor necrosis factor (TNF) inhibitors. Similar findings were observed for ACR 50 and 70. For vdH-S score, guselkumab Q8W was comparable to other agents except intravenous TNF therapies. Results for PASI 75 and PASI 90 response suggested guselkumab Q8W was better than most other agents. For PASI 100, guselkumab Q8W was comparable to other active agents. For AEs and SAEs, guselkumab Q8W ranked highly but comparative conclusions were uncertain. Similar results were observed for all outcomes for guselkumab 100 mg every four weeks., CONCLUSIONS: In this NMA, guselkumab demonstrated favorable arthritis efficacy comparable to IL-17A and subcutaneous TNF inhibitors while offering better PASI response relative to many other treatments. Copyright © The Author(s) 2021. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the British Society for Rheumatology.
Comparative efficacy and safety of secukinumab, ixekizumab, and tofacitinib in patients with active psoriatic arthritis showing insufficient response to tumor necrosis factor inhibitors.$$$ OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to determine the relative effectiveness and safety of secukinumab, ixekizumab, and tofacitinib in patients with psoriatic arthritis (PsA) showing insufficient responses to tumor necrosis factor (TNF) inhibitors., MATERIALS AND METHODS: A Bayesian network meta-analysis was conducted using direct and indirect data from five randomized controlled trials that examined the efficacy and safety of secukinumab 150 mg or 300 mg every 4 weeks, subcutaneously injected ixekizumab 80 mg every 2 weeks (Q2W) or every 4 weeks (Q4W), and tofacitinib 5 mg or 10 mg twice orally in active PsA patients responding insufficiently to TNF inhibitors., RESULTS: Six RCTs, including 1,279 patients, fulfilled the inclusion criteria. Secukinumab 300 mg, listed at the top left of the league table diagonal, was associated with the most favorable American College of Rheumatology 20 (ACR20) response rate. Contrastingly, the placebo, listed at the bottom right of the league table diagonal, showed the least favorable results. The ixekizumab 80 mg Q2W or Q4W, secukinumab 150 mg, and tofacitinib 5 or 10 mg groups exhibited significantly higher ACR20 responses than the placebo group. The surface under the cumulative ranking curve (SUCRA)-based ranking probability suggested that secukinumab 300 mg was most likely the best treatment to achieve the ACR20 response rate, followed by ixekizumab 80 mg Q2W, secukinumab 150 mg, ixekizumab 80 mg Q4W, tofacitinib 5 and 10 mg, and the placebo., CONCLUSION: Secukinumab, ixekizumab, and tofacitinib were effective in PsA patients with inadequate response to TNF inhibitors, without serious adverse event risks.
The risk of malignancy in patients with secukinumab-treated psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis and ankylosing spondylitis: analysis of clinical trial and postmarketing surveillance data with up to five years of follow-up.$$$ BACKGROUND: Data on the use of biologic therapy and malignancy risk are inconsistent due to limited long-term robust studies., OBJECTIVES: To assess the malignancy risk in patients with secukinumab-treated psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis (PsA) and ankylosing spondylitis (AS)., METHODS: This integrated safety analysis from both the secukinumab clinical trial programme and postmarketing safety surveillance data included any patient receiving at least one approved dose of secukinumab with a maximum of 5 years of follow-up. Safety analyses evaluated the rate of malignancy using exposure-adjusted incidence rates [EAIR; incidence rates per 100 patient treatment-years (PTY)]. Standardized incidence ratios (SIRs) were reported using the Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results Program (SEER) database as a reference population. Crude incidence of malignancy was also reported using postmarketing surveillance data., RESULTS: Safety data from 49 clinical trials with secukinumab-treated patients were included: 10 685 patients with psoriasis, 2523 with PsA and 1311 with AS. Across indications over a 5-year period, the EAIR of malignancy was 0.85 per 100 PTY [95% confidence interval (CI) 0.74-0.98] in secukinumab-treated patients, corresponding to 204 patients per 23 908 PTY. Overall, the observed vs. expected number of malignancies from secukinumab clinical trial data were comparable, as indicated by an SIR of 0.99 (95% CI 0.82-1.19) across indications. The estimated crude cumulative incidence reporting rate per 100 PTY for malignancy was 0.27 in the postmarketing surveillance data across indications with a cumulative exposure of 285 811 PTY., CONCLUSIONS: In this large safety analysis, the risk of malignancy was low for up to 5 years of secukinumab treatment. These data support the long-term use of secukinumab in these indications. Copyright © 2021 British Association of Dermatologists.
Efficacy and safety of brodalumab, an anti-IL17RA monoclonal antibody, in patients with axial spondyloarthritis: 16-week results from a randomised, placebo-controlled, phase 3 trial.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the efficacy and safety of brodalumab, a fully human anti-interleukin-17 receptor A monoclonal antibody, in patients with axial spondyloarthritis (axSpA)., METHODS: In a multicentre, placebo-controlled phase 3 study (NCT02985983) conducted at 48 sites across Japan, Korea and Taiwan, patients with axSpA were randomised 1:1 to receive subcutaneous brodalumab 210 mg (n=80) or placebo (n=79) at baseline, weeks 1 and 2 and every 2 weeks thereafter, during the 16-week double-blind period. The primary endpoint was the proportion of patients with Assessment of SpondyloArthritis International Society (ASAS) 40 response at week 16. Secondary endpoints included the proportion of patients with ASAS 20 response and change in Ankylosing Spondylitis Disease Activity Score using C-reactive protein (ASDAS-CRP) at week 16 and safety., RESULTS: ASAS 40 response rate (n/N; 95% CI) was 43.8% (35/80; 32.7, 55.3) with brodalumab vs 24.1% (19/79; 15.1, 35.0) with placebo (rate difference, 19.7% (5.3, 34.1); p=0.018 by stratified Cochran-Mantel-Haenszel test). ASAS 20 response rate (n/N; 95% CI) was 67.5% (54/80; 56.1, 77.6) vs 41.8% (33/79; 30.8, 53.4) and least squares mean change (95% CI) from baseline (brodalumab, 2.660; placebo, 2.716) in ASDAS-CRP was -1.127 (-1.322, -0.931) with brodalumab vs -0.672 (-0.872, -0.473) with placebo at week 16. Treatment-emergent adverse events were reported in 44 (55%) and 45 (57%) patients in the brodalumab and placebo groups, respectively., CONCLUSION: Brodalumab demonstrated a significant improvement at week 16 in patients with active axSpA. Safety of brodalumab was consistent with that reported in previous global/Japanese psoriasis studies. Copyright © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2021. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Resolution of enthesitis by guselkumab and relationships to disease burden: 1-year results of two phase 3 psoriatic arthritis studies.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To further characterize the effect of guselkumab, a selective IL-23p19-subunit inhibitor approved for PsA, on enthesitis and assess relationships between enthesitis resolution and patient status/outcomes., METHODS: Adults with active PsA despite standard therapies in the phase 3 DISCOVER-1 and DISCOVER-2 studies were randomized 1:1:1 to guselkumab 100 mg every 4 weeks (Q4W); guselkumab 100 mg at week 0, week 4, Q8W; or placebo through week 20 followed by guselkumab 100 mg Q4W. Independent assessors evaluated enthesitis using the Leeds Enthesitis Index (LEI; total score 0-6). Enthesitis findings through week 24 were pre-specified to be pooled across studies; post hoc and week 52 analyses also employed pooled data., RESULTS: Among 1118 randomized, treated patients in DISCOVER-1 and 2 who had >=1 LEI site evaluated, 65% had enthesitis at baseline. These patients exhibited numerically more swollen and tender joints, systemic inflammation and impaired physical function than patients without enthesitis. Guselkumab Q4W and Q8W were superior to placebo in resolving pre-existing enthesitis at week 24 (45 and 50% vs 29%; both adjusted P = 0.0301). Enthesitis resolution rates continued to rise; 58% of guselkumab-randomized patients achieved resolution at week 52, including patients with mild (LEI = 1; 70-75%), moderate (LEI = 2; 69-73%) or severe (LEI = 3-6; 42-44%) enthesitis at baseline. Among guselkumab-randomized patients with resolved enthesitis at week 24, 42% achieved minimal disease activity at week 52, vs 17% of patients with unresolved enthesitis., CONCLUSION: Guselkumab resulted in higher proportions of PsA patients with resolved enthesitis by week 24, with maintenance of resolution rates through 1 year. As enthesitis confers greater disease burden, sustained resolution could portend better patient outcomes., CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: DISCOVER 1 (NCT03162796) and DISCOVER 2 (NCT03158285). Copyright © The Author(s) 2021. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the British Society for Rheumatology.
Inhibition of Phosphodiesterase-4 in Psoriatic Arthritis and Inflammatory Bowel Diseases.$$$ Phosphodiesterases (PDEs) are a heterogeneous superfamily of enzymes which catalyze the degradation of the intracellular second messengers cyclic adenosine monophosphate (cAMP) and cyclic guanosine monophosphate (cGMP). Among PDEs, PDE4 is the most widely studied and characterized isoenzyme. PDE4 blocking can lead to increased levels of intracellular cAMP, which results in down-regulation of inflammatory responses by reducing the expression of tumor necrosis factor (TNF), interleukin (IL)-23, IL-17, interferon-gamma, while increasing regulatory cytokines, such as IL-10. Therefore, PDE4 has been explored as a therapeutic target for the treatment of different chronic inflammatory conditions such as psoriatic arthritis (PsA) and inflammatory bowel disease (IBD). PsA shares clinical, genetic, and pathogenic features with IBD such as ulcerative colitis (UC) and Crohn's disease (CD), and enteropathic spondyloarthritis (eSpA) represent a frequent clinical evidence of the overlap between gut and joint diseases. Current therapeutic options in PsA patients and underlying UC are limited to synthetic immunosuppressants and anti-TNF. Apremilast is an oral PDE4 inhibitor approved for the treatment of active PsA patients with inadequate response to synthetic immunosuppressants. The efficacy and a good safety profile observed in randomized clinical trials with apremilast in PsA patients have been confirmed by few studies in a real-life scenario. In addition, apremilast led to significant improvement in clinical and endoscopic features in UC patients in a phase II RCT. By now there are no available data regarding its role in eSpA patients. In view of the above, the use of apremilast in eSpA patients is a route that deserves to be deepened.
Treatment With Tofacitinib in Refractory Psoriatic Arthritis: A National Multicenter Study of the First 87 Patients in Clinical Practice.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Tofacitinib (TOF) is the first Janus kinase (JAK) inhibitor approved for psoriatic arthritis (PsA). It has shown efficacy in patients refractory to anti-tumor necrosis factor-alpha in randomized controlled trials (RCTs). Our aim was to assess efficacy and safety of TOF in clinical practice., METHODS: This was an observational, open-label multicenter study of PsA patients treated with TOF due to inefficacy or adverse events of previous therapies. Outcome variables were efficacy, corticosteroid dose-sparing effect, retention rate, and safety. A comparative study of clinical features between our cohort of patients and those from the OPAL Beyond trial was performed., RESULTS: There were 87 patients (28 women/59 men), with a mean age of 52.8 +/- 11.4 years. All patients were refractory to biologic disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs (DMARDs) and/or to conventional synthetic DMARDs plus apremilast. TOF was started at 5 mg twice daily after a mean follow-up of 12.3 +/- 9.3 years from PsA diagnosis. At first month, Disease Activity Score in 28 joints based on erythrocyte sedimentation rate (DAS28-ESR) decreased from median 4.8 (IQR 4.1-5.4) to 3.7 (IQR 2.8-4.7, P < 0.01), Disease Activity Index for Psoriatic Arthritis from median 28 (IQR 18.4-34.1) to 15.5 (IQR 10.1-25.7, P < 0.01), and C-reactive protein from median 1.9 (IQR 0.3-5.0) to 0.5 (IQR 0.1-2.2) mg/dL (P < 0.01). Also, TOF led to a significant reduction in prednisone dose. Mild adverse effects were reported in 21 patients (24.13%), mainly gastrointestinal symptoms. TOF retention rate at Month 6 was 77% (95% CI 65.2-86.3). Patients in clinical practice were older with longer disease duration and received biologic agents more commonly than those in the OPAL Beyond trial., CONCLUSION: Data from clinical practice confirm that TOF seems to be effective, rapid, and relatively safe in refractory PsA despite clinical differences with patients in RCTs. Copyright © 2021 by the Journal of Rheumatology.
Cardiovascular Risk in Patients With Psoriasis: JACC Review Topic of the Week.$$$ Psoriasis is a chronic inflammatory skin disease that affects 2% to 3% of the U.S. population. The immune response in psoriasis includes enhanced activation of T cells and myeloid cells, platelet activation, and up-regulation of interferons, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, and interleukins (ILs) IL-23, IL-17, and IL-6, which are linked to vascular inflammation and atherosclerosis development. Patients with psoriasis are up to 50% more likely to develop cardiovascular disease (CV) disease, and this CV risk increases with skin severity. Major society guidelines now advocate incorporating a psoriasis diagnosis into CV risk prediction and prevention strategies. Although registry data suggest treatment targeting psoriasis skin disease reduces vascular inflammation and coronary plaque burden, and may reduce CV risk, randomized placebo-controlled trials are inconclusive to date. Further studies are required to define traditional CV risk factor goals, the optimal role of lipid-lowering and antiplatelet therapy, and targeted psoriasis therapies on CV risk. Copyright © 2021 American College of Cardiology Foundation. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Trial of Upadacitinib and Adalimumab for Psoriatic Arthritis.$$$ BACKGROUND: The Janus kinase inhibitor upadacitinib is a potential treatment for psoriatic arthritis. The efficacy and safety of upadacitinib as compared with adalimumab, a tumor necrosis factor alpha inhibitor, in patients who have an inadequate response to nonbiologic disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs are unclear., METHODS: In a 24-week, phase 3 trial, we randomly assigned patients in a 1:1:1:1 ratio to receive oral upadacitinib at a dose of 15 mg or 30 mg once daily, placebo, or subcutaneous adalimumab (40 mg every other week). The primary end point was an American College of Rheumatology 20 (ACR20) response (>=20% decrease in the number of tender and swollen joints and >=20% improvement in at least three of five other domains) at week 12 with upadacitinib as compared with placebo. Secondary end points included comparisons of upadacitinib with adalimumab., RESULTS: A total of 1704 patients received an active drug or placebo. The percentage of patients who had an ACR20 response at week 12 was 70.6% with 15-mg upadacitinib, 78.5% with 30-mg upadacitinib, 36.2% with placebo (P<0.001 for both upadacitinib doses vs. placebo), and 65.0% with adalimumab. The difference between groups for 15-mg upadacitinib as compared with adalimumab was 5.6 percentage points (95% confidence interval [CI], -0.6 to 11.8) and for 30-mg upadacitinib as compared with adalimumab was 13.5 percentage points (95% CI, 7.5 to 19.4). Both upadacitinib doses were noninferior to adalimumab for the ACR20 response at week 12; the 30-mg dose but not the 15-mg dose was superior to adalimumab. The incidence of adverse events through week 24 was 66.9% with 15-mg upadacitinib, 72.3% with 30-mg upadacitinib, 59.6% with placebo, and 64.8% with adalimumab. There were serious infections in 1.2%, 2.6%, 0.9%, and 0.7% of the patients, respectively. Hepatic disorders occurred in 9.1% of patients in the 15-mg upadacitinib group and 12.3% in the 30-mg upadacitinib group, but grade 3 increases in aminotransferase levels occurred in 2% of patients or fewer in all groups., CONCLUSIONS: The percentage of patients with psoriatic arthritis who had an ACR20 response at week 12 was significantly higher with 15-mg or 30-mg upadacitinib than with placebo. The 30-mg dose but not the 15-mg dose was superior to adalimumab. Adverse events were more frequent with upadacitinib than with placebo. (Funded by AbbVie; SELECT-PsA 1 ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT03104400.). Copyright © 2021 Massachusetts Medical Society.
Safety and efficacy of methotrexate (0.3 mg/kg/week) versus a combination of methotrexate (0.15 mg/kg/week) with cyclosporine (2.5 mg/kg/day) in chronic plaque psoriasis: A randomised non-blinded controlled trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Psoriasis is a chronic, inflammatory, relapsing and remitting disease with no cure till date. There is a paucity of trials using a combination of methotrexate (MTX) and cyclosporine (CsA) in chronic plaque psoriasis, due to fear of added toxicity, although they are time tested treatment options for monotherapy., AIMS: The study aimed to compare the efficacy and adverse effect profile of the standard recommended dose of MTX (i.e. 0.3mg/kg/week) versus a combination of reduced doses of MTX and CsA (i.e. MTX 0.15 mg/kg/week with CsA 2.5mg/kg/day) in patients with chronic plaque psoriasis., METHODS: Study design was a non-blinded randomised controlled trial. Patients of chronic plaque psoriasis with PASI more than 10 were randomised in 1: 1 allocation to receive either 0.3 mg/kg/week of intramuscular MTX injection or a combination of 0.15 mg/kg/week of intramuscular MTX injection and 2.5 mg/kg/day of CsA rounded off to the nearest 25 mg. Patients were followed up at every 2 weeks for 12 weeks. The doses were kept fixed throughout the study period., RESULTS: A total of 66 patients received MTX monotherapy, whereas 67 patients received the combination. At baseline, both groups were comparable in their BSA (P = 0.105, Student t-test) and PASI (P = 0.277, Student t-test), which reduced significantly at 12 weeks in both groups (P < 0.001, paired t-test). The achievement of PASI-75 (P = 0.005), PASI-90 (P < 0.001) and PASI-100 (P = 0.001) was more in the combination group (Chi square test). Intention to treat analysis using Chi square test also showed better outcomes for PASI-75 (P = 0.027), PASI-90 (P < 0.001) and PASI-100 (P = 0.001) in the combination group. Combination group also had earlier onset of action (P = 0.001, Chi square test). There was no significant difference between the groups in terms of laboratory and clinical adverse events., LIMITATIONS: Non-blinded, no comparison with CsA monotherapy arm, no follow up beyond 12 weeks., CONCLUSION: The combination of reduced doses of MTX and CsA is more efficacious with earlier onset of action and similar adverse effects as with MTX monotherapy.
Efficacy and safety of interleukin-17 inhibitors in the treatment of chronic rheumatic diseases: A combined and updated meta-analysis.$$$ WHAT IS KNOWN AND OBJECTIVE: To assess the efficacy and safety of interleukin-17 inhibitors (ixekizumab, secukinumab, bimekizumab, netakimab and brodalumab) in chronic inflammatory rheumatic diseases, including ankylosing spondylitis (AS) and psoriatic arthritis (PsA)., METHODS: A comprehensive search for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) evaluating efficacy and safety of interleukin-17 inhibitors was performed through PubMed, Embase and Cochrane Library databases. Quality assessment was performed using the Cochrane Collaboration risk of bias tool. Data were pooled using the fixed or random-effects models., RESULTS AND DISCUSSION: Twenty RCTs were identified: of these 9 studies on patients with AS and 11 studies on patients with PsA. Concerning clinical efficacy, a pooled analysis showed interleukin-17 inhibitors had a higher response rate for the primary endpoint (p < 0.05) and secondary endpoint (p < 0.05) at the treatment endpoint for AS/PsA patients. Moreover, an increased risk of treatment-emergent adverse events and infection was found in AS patients (p < 0.05). In contrast, no increased risk of any adverse events was reported in PsA patients., WHAT IS NEW AND CONCLUSION: In this meta-analysis, our findings found interleukin-17 inhibitors had a significant clinical benefit in the management of AS/PsA patients. Copyright © 2021 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Biologic disease modifying antirheumatic drugs and Janus kinase inhibitors in paediatric rheumatology - what we know and what we do not know from randomized controlled trials.$$$ BACKGROUND: Biologic disease modifying antirheumatic drugs (bDMARDs) and Janus Kinase (JAK) inhibitors are prescribed in adult and paediatric rheumatology. Due to age-dependent changes, disease course, and pharmacokinetic processes paediatric patients with inflammatory rheumatic diseases (PiRD) differ from adult rheumatology patients., METHODS: A systematic literature search for randomized clinical trials (RCTs) in PiRD treated with bDMARDs/JAK inhibitors was conducted on Medline, clinicaltrials.gov , clinicaltrialsregister.eu and conference abstracts as of July 2020. RCTs were included if (i) patients were aged <=20 years, (ii) patients had a predefined rheumatic diagnosis and (iii) RCT reported predefined outcomes. Selected studies were excluded in case of (i) observational or single arm study or (ii) sample size <=5 patients. Study characteristics were extracted., RESULTS: Out of 608 screened references, 65 references were selected, reporting 35 unique RCTs. All 35 RCTs reported efficacy while 34/3 provided safety outcomes and 16/35 provided pharmacokinetic data. The most common investigated treatments were TNF inhibitors (60%), IL-1 inhibitors (17%) and IL-6 inhibitors (9%). No RCTs with published results were identified for baricitinib, brodalumab, certolizumab pegol, guselkumab, risankizumab, rituximab, sarilumab, secukinumab, tildrakizumab, or upadacitinib. In patients with juvenile idiopathic arthritis (JIA) 25/35 RCTs were conducted. The remaining 10 RCTs were performed in non-JIA patients including plaque psoriasis, Kawasaki Disease, systemic lupus erythematosus and non-infectious uveitis. In JIA-RCTs, the control arm was mainly placebo and the concomitant treatments were either methotrexate, non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAID) or corticosteroids. Non-JIA patients mostly received NSAID. There are ongoing trials investigating abatacept, adalimumab, baricitinib, brodalumab, certolizumab pegol, etanercept, guselkumab, infliximab, risankizumab, secukinumab, tofacitinib and tildrakizumab., CONCLUSION: Despite the FDA Modernization Act and support of major paediatric rheumatology networks, such as the Pediatric Rheumatology Collaborative Study Group (PRCSG) and the Paediatric Rheumatology International Trials Organization (PRINTO), which resulted in drug approval for PiRD indications, there are limited RCTs in PiRD patients. As therapy response is influenced by age-dependent changes, pharmacokinetic processes and disease course it is important to consider developmental changes in bDMARDs/JAK inhibitor use in PiRD patients. As such it is critical to collaborate and conduct international RCTs to appropriately investigate and characterize efficacy, safety and pharmacokinetics of bDMARDs/JAK inhibitors in paediatric rheumatology.
Nail Psoriasis in Older Adults: Intralesional, Systemic, and Biological Therapy.$$$ Psoriasis may affect the skin, scalp, joints, and nails and is common in older adults. Intramatrical injections with triamcinolone acetonide are safe and effective in older individuals. Conventional systemic medications are relatively effective, but side effects, including laboratory abnormalities and drug interactions, are particularly common among older adults. Biologic medications have shown excellent efficacy in treating nail psoriasis. Their safety profile is favorable, but data assessing long-term safety are lacking. Randomized controlled trials in older adults exclusively are necessary to develop evidence-based treatment guidelines in this population. Copyright © 2020 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Assessment of Prescribability and Switchability by Using Multiple Bioequivalence Assessment Approaches.$$$ BACKGROUND: In the drug development process, an assessment of bioequivalence is an integral part. For the evaluation of generics against the comparator, average bioequivalence approach is the gold standard method. In the recent past, there were many discussions on whether we have the adequate tool to evaluate generics and thereby drug interchangeability (prescribability and switchability) issue is addressed as average bioequivalence approach just considers population mean. Hence, the alternative approaches like population bioequivalence and individual bioequivalence assessment approaches arise as different variances like inter/ intra-subject variance and subject- by-formulation variance along with population mean are considered., OBJECTIVE: Methoxsalen, in combination with long-wave UVA radiation, is used in the symptomatic management certain psoriasis. The study was aimed to establish the bioequivalence (BE) of a newly developed methoxsalen capsule (MTX test) with that of a reference methoxsalen capsule (MTX reference) using multiple BE methods (i.e., average [ABE], population [PBE], and individual [IBE]) by utilizing a new LC-MS/MS method., METHODS: This is an open-label, randomized, balanced, two-treatment, three-period, three-sequence, crossover, single-dose (20 mg, 2 x 10 mg capsules), comparative, oral BE study conducted in 52 healthy, adult males under fasting conditions. Along with various pharmacokinetic (PK) parameters ABE, PBE, and IBE were also determined in the single study., RESULTS: A non-compartmental model best described the concentration-time data of both MTX test and reference. Both the formulations demonstrated nearly similar values of BE parameters (i.e., AUCo-t, AUC0-, Cmax, Tmax, and t1/2). For MTX test, the observed Cmax, AUC0-t, and AUC0-  were 125.16+/-81.53 ng/mL, 313.73+/-260.86 ng h/mL, and 321.25+/-271.85 ng h/mL, respectively. For MTX reference, the values were 127.63+/-71.60 ng/mL, 329.11+/-252.91 ng h/mL, and 335.48+/-264.54 ng h/mL, respectively. The bioanalytical method was validated over the concentration range 0.100-100.00ng/mL and the coefficient of determination (r2) was >= 0.9991. The sensitivity of the method was 0.100 ng/mL with the accuracy and precision values of 115% and 10.54%, respectively., CONCLUSION: A single dose of MTX test met the ABE criteria of 80.00% -125.00% for Cmax, AUCo- t, and AUC0-, against MTX reference. The study outcome by PBE and IBE approaches proved that MTX Test was bio-inequivalent to MTX reference. Using multiple BE assessment methods in a single BE study is a novel approach and may overcome shortcomings of conventional bioequivalence assessment methods. Copyright© Bentham Science Publishers; For any queries, please email at epub@benthamscience.net.
An Overview of Bimekizumab for the Treatment of Psoriatic Arthritis: The Evidence so Far.$$$ Psoriatic arthritis is a complex and heterogeneous disease with potential significant disability and impaired quality of life. Although in the last decades new treatment options have led to a better management of this disease, there are still significant unmet therapeutic needs. Dual inhibitor antibodies target two different cytokines simultaneously, potentially offering a better disease control. In psoriatic arthritis, there is evidence for a pathogenic role not only of IL-17A but also the structurally homologous IL-17F. It is postulated that differential expression of both in several targets of PsA could account for disparities in clinical response to IL-17A inhibition alone (such as with secukinumab or ixekizumab). Here we review the evidence so far for the use in psoriatic arthritis of bimekizumab, the first humanized monoclonal IgG1 antibody that selectively neutralizes both IL-17A and IL-17F. A Phase 2b trial reports better outcomes over both placebo and IL-17A inhibition alone. Very recently encouraging results from open-label extensions with regards to both safety and maintenance of response were presented. Phase III trials are ongoing with the first results awaited in 2021. Copyright © 2021 Oliveira et al.
Comparison of the Efficacy and Safety of Apremilast and Methotrexate in Patients with Palmoplantar Psoriasis: A Randomized Controlled Trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Placebo-controlled studies have reported the efficacy of apremilast in the management of palmoplantar psoriasis but studies comparing efficacy with a conventional agent are lacking., OBJECTIVE: The objective of this article was to compare the efficacy and safety of apremilast and methotrexate in patients with palmoplantar psoriasis., METHODS: In this prospective, randomized, active-controlled, observer-blinded clinical trial, conducted at a psoriasis clinic of a tertiary care institute in India from 1 July, 2019 to 1 June, 2020, 84 patients with palmoplantar psoriasis were randomized (1:1) to receive either methotrexate (0.4 mg/kg/week orally) or apremilast (30 mg twice daily). The treatment protocol was continued for 16 weeks or until achieving a >= 75% improvement in the Modified Palmoplantar Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (m-PPPASI 75), whichever was earlier. Changes in m-PPPASI and Dermatology Life Quality Index scores from baseline, the proportion of patients achieving m-PPPASI 75, and adverse events were assessed., RESULTS: Eighty-four patients were included (76 palmoplantar psoriasis and 8 palmoplantar pustulosis). The mean age (standard deviation) was 44.5 (12.9) years and 53 (63%) were women. The m-PPPASI score [median (interquartile range)] after 16 weeks of treatment showed a significant improvement from baseline in both apremilast [- 6.3 (10.9), p < 0.001] and methotrexate groups [- 8.5 (9.9), p < 0.001]. The estimated median difference between the groups was - 1.2 (p = 0.39, 95% confidence interval - 4.2 to 2.1). At 16 weeks, m-PPPASI 75 was achieved by 14/42 (33%) and 17/42 (41%) patients in the apremilast and methotrexate groups, respectively (p = 0.49). A significant reduction in the Dermatology Life Quality Index score [median (interquartile range)] was observed in both groups [apremilast: - 3.0 (6.0), p < 0.001; methotrexate: - 3.0 (6.3), p < 0.001] with an estimated median difference of 0.0 (p = 0.99, 95% confidence interval - 1.0 to 2.0). The proportion of patients experiencing adverse events was comparable (p = 0.49)., CONCLUSIONS: Apremilast showed a comparable efficacy and safety profile to methotrexate in the management of palmoplantar psoriasis., CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: CTRI/2019/06/019830, date of registration: 24 June, 2019; trial registered prospectively.
Effect of adalimumab interventions on general infection among adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.$$$ BACKGROUND: This study assessed the safety of adalimumab in different dosages and durations of treatment., METHODS: We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) to explore the infection risk in people who received adalimumab. We searched the Cochrane Library, PubMed, and EMBASE from inception to December 8, 2020. Summary estimates were obtained using meta-analysis with a random-effects model., RESULTS: Twenty-one RCTs, considered to be of high quality, were analyzed. We found that there was a risk of infection (RR: 1.10, 95% CI: 1.02-1.18). In the stratified analysis, we found an increase in infection among those that received normal dosage (RR: 1.13, 95% CI: 1.04-1.23), and in patients with psoriasis (RR: 1.13, 95% CI: 1.00-1.35) and rheumatoid arthritis (RR: 1.23, 95% CI: 1.06-1.41), but not in those that received high doses and other criteria. In the meta-regressions, intervention duration was not related to changes in incidence risk., CONCLUSIONS: Trials that have a longer treatment duration and higher doses are needed to clarify whether patients that received adalimumab had an elevated risk of general infection.
Withdrawing Ixekizumab in Patients With Psoriatic Arthritis Who Achieved Minimal Disease Activity: Results From a Randomized, Double-Blind Withdrawal Study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effect of withdrawing ixekizumab in patients with psoriatic arthritis (PsA) in whom minimal disease activity (MDA) has been achieved after open-label ixekizumab treatment., METHODS: SPIRIT-P3 was a multicenter, randomized, double-blind withdrawal study of biologic treatment-naive adult patients with PsA who were treated with open-label ixekizumab for 36 weeks (160 mg at week 0, then 80 mg every 2 weeks). Patients in whom MDA was sustained for >3 consecutive months were randomized 1:1, between weeks 36 and 64, to undergo blinded withdrawal of ixekizumab treatment (placebo) or to continue ixekizumab treatment every 2 weeks up to week 104. The primary efficacy end point was time to relapse (loss of MDA) for randomized patients. Patients who experienced a relapse were re-treated with ixekizumab every 2 weeks up to week 104., RESULTS: A total of 394 patients were enrolled and received open-label ixekizumab every 2 weeks. Of those patients, 158 (40%) achieved sustained MDA and were randomized to undergo withdrawal of ixekizumab treatment (placebo every 2 weeks; n = 79) or to continue ixekizumab treatment every 2 weeks (n = 79). Disease relapse occurred more rapidly with treatment withdrawal (median 22.3 weeks [95% confidence interval (95% CI) 16.1-28.3]) compared to those who continued treatment with ixekizumab (median not estimable; P < 0.0001). Sixty-seven patients (85%) compared to 30 patients (38%) experienced relapse in the placebo group and the continued treatment group, respectively. Median time to achieving MDA again with re-treatment was 4.1 weeks (95% CI 4.1-4.3); in 64 of 67 patients (96%) who experienced relapse with treatment withdrawal, MDA was achieved again with re-treatment. Safety was consistent with the known safety profile for ixekizumab., CONCLUSION: Continued ixekizumab therapy is superior to ixekizumab withdrawal in maintaining low disease activity in biologic treatment-naive patients with PsA. Re-treatment with ixekizumab following a relapse may restore disease control in cases of treatment interruption. Copyright © 2021 Eli Lilly and Company. Arthritis & Rheumatology published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of American College of Rheumatology.
Secukinumab: A Review in Psoriatic Arthritis.$$$ Secukinumab (Cosentyx R) is a fully human monoclonal antibody that selectively targets interleukin (IL)-17A, a proinflammatory cytokine involved in the pathogenesis of psoriatic arthritis (PsA). Administered subcutaneously, the first-in-class anti-IL-17 agent is approved in numerous countries worldwide for the treatment of adults with active PsA. In the phase III FUTURE trials, secukinumab 150 or 300 mg improved the clinical signs and symptoms of PsA versus placebo in patients with active disease despite previous treatment with NSAIDs, biological disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drugs (bDMARDs) and/or tumour necrosis factor inhibitors (TNFi). The benefits of secukinumab were seen regardless of whether or not patients had received previous TNFi therapy, and were maintained during longer term (up to 5 years) treatment. In FUTURE 1 and 5, secukinumab inhibited structural joint damage and was associated with sustained low rates of radiographic progression through 1-3 years of treatment. Treatment with secukinumab improved physical function and health-related quality of life (HR-QOL) and was generally well tolerated, both in the short- and longer-term. In the head-to-head EXCEED trial, secukinumab did not quite attain statistical significance for superiority versus adalimumab in the joint domain. In conclusion, secukinumab is effective across all key PsA domains and is generally well tolerated, and thus represents a useful treatment alternative to TNFi and other bDMARDs in adult patients with active PsA.
Are biologics combined with methotrexate better than biologics monotherapy in psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.$$$ To investigate if the combination of biologics with methotrexate (MTX) would have better performance than biological monotherapy in clinical efficiency and safety for the treatment of psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis (PsA), a systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) searched from the Pubmed, Cochrane Library, and Embase was conducted. Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) responses (including PASI 50, 75, and 90), and proportion of patients with Physician's Global Assessment Scale (sPGA) scored 0 or 1, were used for psoriasis assessment. The American College of Rheumatology (ACR)20/50/70 responder indices were used to assess the efficiency for treating PsA. The incidences of adverse events and antidrug antibodies' development were also recorded. A total of 15 studies with 4221 patients were included in this study. Three of the 15 RCTs were categorized as low risk of bias, nine studies as unclear, and three as high. Significant greater improvement in the combination group than monotherapy group for psoriasis was observed at week 12, week 24, and week 48, with no increased risk of severe adverse events and drug withdrawals due to adverse events. There was no significant difference in the comparison of clinical efficiency for the treatment of PsA at week 24. In conclusion, biologics plus MTX made better performance on improving the clinical efficiency for the treatment of psoriasis when compared with biologic monotherapy, without a difference in tolerability. However, this combination cannot improve the clinical efficiency of PsA treatment and more studies are warranted to elucidate relevant problems. Copyright © 2021 Wiley Periodicals LLC.
The effect of intravenous golimumab on health-related quality of life and work productivity in patients with active psoriatic arthritis: results of the Phase 3 GO-VIBRANT trial.$$$ INTRODUCTION/OBJECTIVES: To evaluate changes in health-related quality of life (HRQoL) and productivity following treatment with intravenous (IV) golimumab in patients with psoriatic arthritis (PsA)., METHODS: Patients were randomized to IV golimumab 2 mg/kg (n=241) at Weeks 0, 4, then every 8 weeks (q8w) through Week 52 or placebo (n=239) at Weeks 0, 4, then q8w, with crossover to IV golimumab 2 mg/kg at Weeks 24, 28, then q8w through Week 52. Change from baseline in EuroQol-5 dimension-5 level (EQ-5D-5L) index and visual analog scale (EQ-VAS), daily productivity VAS, and the Work Limitations Questionnaire (WLQ) was assessed. Relationships between these outcomes and disease activity and patient functional capability were evaluated post hoc., RESULTS: At Week 8, change from baseline in EQ-5D-5L index (0.14 vs 0.04), EQ-VAS (17.16 vs 3.69), daily productivity VAS (-2.91 vs -0.71), and WLQ productivity loss score (-2.92 vs -0.78) was greater in the golimumab group versus the placebo group, respectively. At Week 52, change from baseline was similar in the golimumab and placebo-crossover groups (EQ-5D-5L index: 0.17 and 0.15; EQ-VAS: 21.61 and 20.84; daily productivity VAS: -2.89 and -3.31; WLQ productivity loss: -4.49 and -3.28, respectively). HRQoL and productivity were generally associated with disease activity and functional capability, with continued association from Week 8 through Week 52., CONCLUSION: IV golimumab resulted in early and sustained improvements in HRQoL and productivity from Week 8 through 1 year in patients with PsA. HRQoL and productivity improvements were associated with improvements in disease activity and patient functional capability. Key Points * In patients with active psoriatic arthritis (PsA), intravenous (IV) golimumab improved health-related quality of life (HRQoL) and productivity as early as 8 weeks and maintained improvement through 1 year * Improvements in HRQoL and productivity outcomes in patients with PsA treated with IV golimumab were associated with improvements in disease activity and patient functional capability outcomes * IV golimumab is an effective treatment option for PsA that can mitigate the negative effects of the disease on HRQoL and productivity. Copyright © 2021. The Author(s).
Treatment with SDZ-ADL, an Adalimumab Biosimilar, in Patients with Rheumatoid Arthritis, Psoriasis, or Psoriatic Arthritis: Results of Patient-Reported Outcome Measures from Two Phase III Studies (ADMYRA and ADACCESS).$$$ BACKGROUND: SDZ-ADL (GP2017; Sandoz GmbH, Austria) is an EMA-/FDA-approved adalimumab biosimilar. The effect of SDZ-ADL on quality of life (QoL) and patient-reported outcomes (PROs) was assessed as part of two phase III studies, one in patients with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis (PsO; ADACCESS) and the other in patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA; ADMYRA). Additionally, ADACCESS included patients with psoriatic arthritis (PsA)., METHODS: ADACCESS included 465 patients with PsO, whereas ADMYRA included 353 patients with RA. Both studies evaluated and confirmed equivalent efficacy, similar safety, and immunogenicity of SDZ-ADL with reference adalimumab (ref-ADL). A third of patients underwent multiple (four) treatment switches between study treatments starting at Week 17 (ADACCESS); all patients switched from ref-ADL to SDZ-ADL at Week 24 (ADMYRA). Assessed PROs included Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI) and EuroQol five-dimension health status questionnaire (EQ-5D-5L) in ADACCESS, Functional Assessment of Chronic Illness Therapy-Fatigue Scale (FACIT-Fatigue) score in ADMYRA, and Health Assessment Questionnaire-Disability Index (HAQ-DI) in both studies., RESULTS: In both studies, baseline scores for all PRO assessments were comparable between the two treatment groups. In ADACCESS, mean DLQI decreased from baseline in both groups, and the mean (standard deviation [SD]) percent reductions from baseline in DLQI were comparable between groups at Week 17 (SDZ-ADL, - 64.5 [80.3]; ref-ADL, - 70.6 [41.7]), which were sustained after the switch at Week 51 ('continued SDZ-ADL,' - 79.7 [36.2]; 'continued ref-ADL,' - 80.8 [44.6]; 'switched to SDZ-ADL,' - 70.7 [32.2]; 'switched to ref-ADL,' - 69.3 [49.6]). In ADACCESS, the proportion of patients with an EQ-5D-5L score of 1 (no problems) increased from baseline for all five dimensions in all treatment groups and was comparable between treatment groups at Week 51. In ADACCESS, in patients with PsA at baseline, mean (SD) HAQ-DI scores decreased from baseline in both treatment groups, and scores were comparable between groups at Week 17 (SDZ-ADL, 0.5 [0.6]; ref-ADL, 0.5 [0.6]) and after switching at Week 51 ('continued SDZ-ADL,' 0.4 [0.5]; 'continued ref-ADL,' 0.4 [0.6]; 'switched to SDZ-ADL,' 0.5 [0.8]; 'switched to ref-ADL,' 0.7 [0.6]). In ADMYRA, proportion of patients achieving HAQ-DI in the normal range (<= 0.5) was comparable between treatment groups at Week 24 (SDZ-ADL, 37.8%; ref-ADL, 36.3%) and after switching at Week 48 ('SDZ-ADL,' 41.6%; 'ref-ADL/switched to SDZ-ADL,' 40.0%). In ADMYRA, mean FACIT-Fatigue scores increased from baseline in both treatment groups. At Week 24, mean (SD) percent change from baseline in the FACIT-Fatigue scores was 75.4 (135.5) in SDZ-ADL and 73.0 (96.3) in ref-ADL groups; the scores were sustained after switching at Week 48., CONCLUSION: Treatment with SDZ-ADL and ref-ADL resulted in comparable improvements in PROs as well as QoL scores across the three diseases, PsO, PsA, and RA. Switching between SDZ-ADL and ref-ADL had no negative impact on PROs across the reported period. CLINICAL TRIALS., GOV IDENTIFIER: NCT02744755, NCT02016105.
Serum golimumab concentration and anti-drug antibodies are associated with treatment response and drug survival in patients with inflammatory joint diseases: data from the NOR-DMARD study.$$$ Objectives: This study aimed to identify the therapeutic target concentration and frequency of anti-drug antibodies (ADAbs) in golimumab-treated patients with inflammatory joint disease (IJD). Method: Associations between golimumab concentration, ADAbs, and treatment response were examined in 91 patients with IJD [41 axial spondyloarthritis (axSpA), 20 rheumatoid arthritis (RA), and 30 psoriatic arthritis (PsA)] included in the NOR-DMARD study. Treatment response was defined by Ankylosing Spondylitis Disease Activity Score (ASDAS) clinically important improvement in axSpA, European League Against Rheumatism (EULAR) good/moderate response in RA, and improvement of >= 50% in modified Disease Activity index for PSoriatic Arthritis (DAPSA) (28 swollen/tender joint counts) in PsA. Serum drug concentrations and ADAbs were analysed using automated in-house assays. Results: At inclusion, 42% were biological disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drug naive and 42% used concomitant synthetic disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drug. The median golimumab concentration was 2.2 (interquartile range 1.0-3.5) mg/L. The proportions of responders after 3 months among patients with golimumab concentration < 1.0, 1.0-3.9, and >= 4.0 mg/L were 19%, 49%, and 74%, respectively. A higher rate of treatment discontinuation was seen in patients with serum golimumab concentration < 1.0 compared to >= 1.0 mg/L (hazard ratio 3.3, 95% confidence interval 1.8-6.0, p < 0.05). ADAbs were detected in 6%, and were associated with lower drug concentrations and both reduced treatment response and drug survival. Conclusions: Golimumab concentrations >= 1.0 mg/L were associated with improved treatment response and better drug survival, although some patients may benefit from higher concentrations. This study suggests a rationale for dosing guided by therapeutic drug monitoring in golimumab-treated patients with IJD. The results should be confirmed in larger studies including trough samples, and the efficacy of such a strategy must be examined in randomized controlled trials.
Guselkumab: an anti-IL-23 antibody for the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.$$$ Guselkumab, a subcutaneously administered fully human IgG1lambda monoclonal antibody that selectively inhibits the p19 subunit of interleukin 23, is approved in both the USA and the EU for the treatment of adult patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. The efficacy and safety of guselkumab were demonstrated in four randomized, double-blind, Phase III trials (VOYAGE 1 and 2, NAVIGATE, and ECLIPSE), which demonstrated high levels of clinical response over three years of continuous treatment, regardless of sex, age, body weight, and race, maintaining a favourable safety profile and long-term tolerability. Guselkumab was shown to be efficacious in patients with prior failure of other biologics, including adalimumab and ustekinumab, and was superior to both adalimumab and secukinumab in head-to-head trials. Guselkumab efficacy was also observed in the treatment of psoriasis localized in difficult-to-treat body regions including the scalp, palms and/or soles, and fingernails. Treatment with guselkumab improved health-related quality of life and patient-reported signs and symptoms. Guselkumab has a consistently favourable safety profile and is well tolerated over the long-term. Clinical development of guselkumab as a treatment is ongoing for other immune-mediated inflammatory diseases, including psoriatic arthritis, Crohn's disease, and ulcerative colitis. In the overall management of patients with plaque psoriasis, guselkumab is a robust treatment option with durable maintenance of response over time.
Comparative safety and benefit-risk profile of biologics and oral treatment for moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: A network meta-analysis of clinical trial data.$$$ BACKGROUND: The comparative safety and benefit-risk profiles of moderate-to-severe psoriasis treatment have not been well studied., OBJECTIVE: To compare the short-term (12-16 weeks) and long-term (48-56 weeks) safety and benefit-risk profiles of moderate-to-severe psoriasis treatments., METHODS: A systematic literature review of phase II-IV randomized controlled trials of moderate-to-severe psoriasis treatments was conducted (cutoff: July 1, 2020). Any adverse events (AEs), any serious AEs, and AEs leading to treatment discontinuation were compared using Bayesian network meta-analyses (NMAs)., RESULTS: Fifty-two and 7, respectively, randomized controlled trials were included in the short- and long-term NMAs, respectively. In the short-term NMA, the rates of any AEs were the lowest for tildrakizumab (posterior median: 46.0%), certolizumab (46.2%), and etanercept (49.1%). The rates of any serious AE were the lowest for certolizumab (0.8%), risankizumab (1.2%), and etanercept (1.6%). The rates of AEs leading to treatment discontinuation were the lowest for risankizumab (0.5%), tildrakizumab (1.0%), and guselkumab (1.5%). In the long-term NMA, risankizumab had the lowest rates of all 3 outcomes (67.5%, 4.4%, and 1.0%, respectively) and the most favorable benefit-risk profile., LIMITATIONS: The results may not be generalizable to real-world populations., CONCLUSIONS: Anti-interleukin 23 agents were associated with low rates of safety events. Risankizumab had the most favorable benefit-risk profile in the long term. Copyright © 2021 American Academy of Dermatology, Inc. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Efficacy and safety of tildrakizumab in Japanese patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: Results from a 64-week phase 3 study (reSURFACE 1).$$$ Tildrakizumab is a high-affinity, humanized immunoglobulin G1kappa, anti-interleukin-23p19 monoclonal antibody recently approved in Japan for treatment of plaque psoriasis. We report results from Japanese patients treated with tildrakizumab in the multinational, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled reSURFACE 1 study (clinicaltrials.gov NCT01722331). Adults with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis were randomized (2:2:1) to receive subcutaneous tildrakizumab 100 or 200 mg or placebo every 12 weeks. Placebo recipients were rerandomized to tildrakizumab 100 or 200 mg at week 12. The global study coprimary endpoints were the proportions of patients achieving 75% improvement from baseline Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI 75) and Physician Global Assessment (PGA) response (0/1 with >=2 grade reduction from baseline) at week 12. Analyses included 158 Japanese patients randomized to tildrakizumab 100 (n = 64) or 200 mg (n = 62) or placebo (n = 32). Japanese patients had higher mean baseline body surface area involvement and PASI versus all reSURFACE 1 patients. At week 12, significantly more Japanese patients receiving tildrakizumab 100 and 200 mg versus placebo achieved PASI 75 (54.7% and 54.8% vs 6.3%, respectively, both nominal p < 0.001) and PGA 0/1 response (54.7% and 56.5% vs 9.4%, respectively, both nominal P < 0.001). Response rates increased over time with maximal efficacy after 22-28 weeks; >80% of patients achieving PASI 75 or PASI 90 at week 28 and continuing tildrakizumab treatment at the same dose maintained response at week 64. From baseline to week 28, absolute PASI decreased from >12 in all patients to <=2 in >40% and <=3 in >50% of patients receiving tildrakizumab. Tildrakizumab was generally well tolerated with an adverse event profile similar to that of placebo. Tildrakizumab treatment was associated with durable efficacy in Japanese patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis despite greater baseline disease severity versus the global reSURFACE 1 population. Copyright © 2021 The Authors. The Journal of Dermatology published by John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd on behalf of Japanese Dermatological Association.
Calcipotriol/betamethasone dipropionate foam demonstrates comparable efficacy to clinical trial data in the real world, improves patient satisfaction and is cost-effective.$$$ Real-world evidence studies are becoming increasingly important in providing insight into clinical effectiveness and safety, economic outcomes, patient-reported outcomes and health-related quality of life of treatments in the clinical setting. These studies also help to complement data reported in clinical studies. Fixed-dose combination calcipotriol 50 microg/g plus betamethasone dipropionate 0.5 mg/g cutaneous foam (Cal/BD foam) is a topical agent used for the treatment of psoriasis vulgaris. In clinical studies, Cal/BD foam has demonstrated a significantly greater efficacy and rapid onset of action compared with both single and combination formulations such as ointments and gels. To date, three observational studies have examined the real-world efficacy and safety of Cal/BD foam in clinical practice in the United States, Germany and Spain. Data gathered from these studies reinforce the positive findings reported in clinical studies assessing Cal/BD foam for the treatment of psoriasis and demonstrate improved patient satisfaction with Cal/BD foam. Using Cal/BD foam has been shown to be cost-effective based on results from randomised clinical trials and cost-effective analysis. As such, Cal/BD foam has the potential to lower treatment costs by reducing the need for some patients to progress to more expensive treatments, such as phototherapy and biologics. Cal/BD foam is therefore a cost-effective solution for the treatment of psoriasis vulgaris that should be considered when prescribing topicals. Copyright © 2020 European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
Does current evidence on disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs for psoriatic arthritis reinforce an effect on radiographic progression? Results from a systematic review and meta-analysis.$$$ This study aims to estimate the effect of synthetic and biologic disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs (DMARDs) on radiographic progression and quality of life in adult patients with psoriatic arthritis. A comprehensive search was performed using MEDLINE, Embase, Web of Science, Scopus, and Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CCRCT). Clinical trials comparing DMARDs with placebo for >= 12 weeks were included. The meta-analysis was conducted with a random-effects model using mean differences (MD). A total of 16 trials with overall moderate quality of evidence were included. Exposure to a biologic agent reduced radiographic progression at 24 weeks of treatment (MD: - 0.66; [95% CI - 0.97 to - 0.34]; P < .00001; I2 = 100%). The reduction of the baseline score was more than two times higher for TNF blockers compared with IL-17 and IL-12/IL-23 inhibitors (MD: - 0.94 vs - 0.41). Improvement in health-related quality of life scores was observed in biologic-treated populations (MD: - 0.21; [95% CI - 0.25 to - 0.18]; P < .00001; I2 = 97%). No sufficient data were available regarding conventional synthetic agents. Our data analyses suggest a better control of radiological damage with bDMARDs, as compared to placebo, after 24 weeks of treatment. However, the accuracy of these results in real life are jeopardized by the exceedingly high level of heterogeneity exhibited within and across included studies, and the true intervention effect cannot be determined with confidence. Further research is required to assess long-term outcomes and to control heterogeneity in the evaluation of treatments for psoriatic arthritis. PROSPERO registration number: CRD42019122223. Key Points * Radiographic progression is not the primary outcome for most efficacy studies in psoriatic arthritis; hence, baseline data are substantially diverse in major clinical trials. * The best available evidence on this particular outcome is currently at a moderate risk of bias. * Existing reports of the effect of DMARDs on structural damage must be taken with caution. * Further research is required to assess long-term outcomes and to control heterogeneity between studies. Copyright © 2021. International League of Associations for Rheumatology (ILAR).
Guselkumab, an inhibitor of the IL-23p19 subunit, provides sustained improvement in signs and symptoms of active psoriatic arthritis: 1 year results of a phase III randomised study of patients who were biologic-naive or TNFalpha inhibitor-experienced.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Evaluation of the efficacy and safety of guselkumab, a human monoclonal antibody targeting the interleukin-23p19 subunit, in patients with psoriatic arthritis (PsA) through 1 year., METHODS: Adults who met ClASsification criteria for Psoriatic ARthritis, with active disease (>=3 swollen and >=3 tender joints; C reactive protein >=0.3 mg/dL) despite standard treatment (31% previously received <=2 tumour necrosis factor inhibitors (TNFi)), were randomised (1:1:1) to guselkumab 100 mg every 4 weeks (Q4W); guselkumab 100 mg at Week0, Week4, then Q8W; or placebo with cross-over to guselkumab 100 mg Q4W at Week24 (PBO->Q4W) through Week48. Clinical efficacy through Week52 (employing non-responder imputation) and adverse events (AEs) through Week60 were evaluated., RESULTS: Of 381 treated patients, 90% completed the study. Numerical increases in the proportions of patients achieving >=20% improvement in ACR criteria (ACR20) were observed post-Week24, reaching 73% (94/128) and 60% (76/127) for Q4W-randomised and Q8W-randomised patients, respectively, by Week52. Proportions of patients achieving ACR50/ACR70/skin responses and minimal/very low disease activity were maintained, as were improvements in physical function and health-related quality of life, through Week52 in guselkumab-randomised patients. Response to guselkumab was maintained in both TNFi-naive and TNFi-experienced patients. Serious AEs and serious infections occurred in similar proportions of guselkumab Q4W-randomised (3% and 0%) and Q8W-randomised (6% and 2%) patients through Week60, with no new safety concerns versus observations through Week24. No guselkumab-treated patient and two patients receiving placebo died; no study participant developed opportunistic infection or inflammatory bowel disease., CONCLUSION: Guselkumab provided sustained improvement across multiple clinical manifestations of PsA, maintaining a favourable benefit-risk profile, through 1 year regardless of prior TNFi exposure. Copyright © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2020. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Pharmacokinetic Comparability of Risankizumab Formulations in Prefilled Syringe and Auto-injector for Subcutaneous Injection.$$$ PURPOSE: Risankizumab is a humanized immunoglobulin G1 monoclonal antibody that inhibits the p19 subunit of interleukin 23 from interacting with its receptor for the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. The aim of this Phase I biopharmaceutics bridging study was to evaluate the pharmacokinetic comparability, immunogenicity, and tolerability of the risankizumab 90 mg/mL prefilled syringe (PFS) and the risankizumab 150 mg/mL PFS and auto-injector (AI) in healthy subjects., METHODS: Healthy subjects received one 150-mg dose of risankizumab in 1 of 3 ways (226 subjects randomized 3:3:1 to 3 treatment arms): 150 mg/mL by PFS x 1 SC injection, 90 mg/mL by PFS x 2 SC injections, or 150 mg/mL by AI x 1 SC injection, and were followed up for 140 days after dosing for the collection of pharmacokinetic, immunogenicity, and tolerability data., FINDINGS: Risankizumab concentration-time profiles overlapped with comparable pharmacokinetic parameters across all treatment arms, indicating similar pharmacokinetic characteristics. The CIs with both formulations and forms of administration were within the bioequivalence range of 0.80-1.25 across all measures of exposure. The prevalence of treatment-emergent anti-drug antibodies and the percentages of subjects who reported at least 1 treatment-emergent adverse event were comparable across all treatment arms., IMPLICATIONS: Bioequivalence was established between risankizumab 150 mg/mL PFS and 90 mg/mL PFS, and between 150 mg/mL PFS and AI, along with comparable immunogenicity profiles across all 3 treatment arms. Risankizumab 150 mg SC delivered by PFS or AI was well tolerated, with comparable safety profiles across all treatment arms, and no new safety risks were identified. Copyright © 2021 AbbVie Inc. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Bimekizumab versus ustekinumab for the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis (BE VIVID): efficacy and safety from a 52-week, multicentre, double-blind, active comparator and placebo controlled phase 3 trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: There is an unmet need for a treatment for psoriasis that results in complete skin clearance with a reliably quick response. Bimekizumab is a monoclonal IgG1 antibody that selectively inhibits interleukin (IL)-17F in addition to IL-17A. We aimed to compare the efficacy and safety of bimekizumab with placebo and ustekinumab in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis over 52 weeks., METHODS: BE VIVID was a multicentre, randomised, double-blind, active comparator and placebo controlled phase 3 trial done across 105 sites (clinics, hospitals, research units, and private practices) in 11 countries in Asia, Australia, Europe, and North America. Adults aged 18 years or older with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis (Psoriasis Area and Severity Index [PASI] score >=12, >=10% body surface area affected by psoriasis, and Investigator's Global Assessment [IGA] score >=3 on a five point scale) were included. Randomisation was stratified by geographical region and previous exposure to biologics; patients, investigators, and sponsors were masked to treatment assignment. Patients were randomly assigned (4:2:1) using an interactive response technology to bimekizumab 320 mg every 4 weeks, ustekinumab 45 mg or 90 mg (baseline weight-dependent dosing) at weeks 0 and 4, then every 12 weeks, or placebo every 4 weeks. At week 16, patients receiving placebo switched to bimekizumab 320 mg every 4 weeks. All study treatments were administered as two subcutaneous injections. Coprimary endpoints were the proportion of patients with 90% improvement in the PASI (PASI90) and the proportion of patients with an IGA response of clear or almost clear (score 0 or 1) at week 16 (non-responder imputation). Efficacy analyses included the intention-to-treat population; safety analysis included patients who received at least one dose of study treatment. This trial was registered at ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT03370133 (completed)., FINDINGS: Between Dec 6, 2017, and Dec 13, 2019, 735 patients were screened and 567 were enrolled and randomly assigned (bimekizumab 320 mg every 4 weeks n=321, ustekinumab 45 mg or 90 mg every 12 weeks n=163, placebo n=83). At week 16, 273 (85%) of 321 patients in the bimekizumab group had PASI90 versus 81 (50%) of 163 in the ustekinumab group (risk difference 35 [95% CI 27-43]; p<0.0001) and four (5%) of 83 in the placebo group (risk difference 80 [74-86]; p<0.0001). At week 16, 270 (84%) patients in the bimekizumab group had an IGA response versus 87 (53%) in the ustekinumab group (risk difference 30 [95% CI 22-39]; p<0.0001) and four (5%) in the placebo group (risk difference 79 [73-85]; p<0.0001). Over 52 weeks, serious treatment-emergent adverse events were reported in 24 (6%) of 395 patients in the bimekizumab group (including those who switched from placebo at week 16) and 13 (8%) of 163 in the ustekinumab group., INTERPRETATION: Bimekizumab was more efficacious than ustekinumab and placebo in the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. The bimekizumab safety profile was consistent with that observed in previous studies., FUNDING: UCB Pharma. Copyright © 2021 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Bimekizumab efficacy and safety in moderate to severe plaque psoriasis (BE READY): a multicentre, double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomised withdrawal phase 3 trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Bimekizumab is a monoclonal IgG1 antibody that selectively inhibits interleukin (IL)-17F in addition to IL-17A. This study investigated the efficacy and safety of bimekizumab in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis, the effects of treatment withdrawal, and two maintenance dosing schedules over 56 weeks., METHODS: BE READY was a phase 3, multicentre, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial done at 77 sites (hospitals, clinics, private doctor's practices, and dedicated clinical research centres) in nine countries across Asia, Australia, Europe, and North America. Adult patients aged 18 years or older with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis were stratified by region and previous biologic exposure, and randomly assigned (4:1) to receive bimekizumab 320 mg every 4 weeks or placebo every 4 weeks by use of interactive response technology. Coprimary endpoints were the proportion of patients achieving 90% or greater improvement from baseline in the Psoriasis Area Severity Index (PASI90) and the proportion of patients achieving a score of 0 (clear) or 1 (almost clear) on the five-point Investigator's Global Assessment (IGA) scale at week 16 (non-responder imputation). Bimekizumab-treated patients achieving PASI90 at week 16 were re-allocated (1:1:1) to receive bimekizumab 320 mg every 4 weeks, every 8 weeks, or placebo for weeks 16-56. Efficacy analyses were done in the intention-to-treat population; the safety analysis set comprised all patients who received at least one dose of study treatment. This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT03410992), and is now completed., FINDINGS: Between Feb 5, 2018, and Jan 7, 2020, 435 patients were randomly assigned to receive either bimekizumab 320 mg every 4 weeks (n=349) or placebo every 4 weeks (n=86). Coprimary endpoints were met: at week 16, 317 (91%) of 349 patients receiving bimekizumab 320 mg every 4 weeks achieved PASI90, compared with one (1%) of 86 patients receiving placebo (risk difference 89.8 [95% CI 86.1-93.4]; p<0.0001); and 323 (93%) of 349 patients receiving bimekizumab 320 mg every 4 weeks achieved an IGA score of 0 or 1 versus one (1%) of 86 patients receiving placebo (risk difference 91.5 [95% CI 88.0-94.9]; p<0.0001). Responses were maintained through to week 56 with bimekizumab 320 mg every 8 weeks and every 4 weeks. Treatment-emergent adverse events in the initial treatment period (up to week 16) were reported in 213 (61%) of 349 patients receiving bimekizumab 320 mg every 4 weeks and 35 (41%) of 86 patients receiving placebo every 4 weeks. From week 16 to week 56, treatment-emergent adverse events were reported in 78 (74%) of 106 patients receiving bimekizumab 320 mg every 4 weeks, 77 (77%) of 100 patients receiving bimekizumab 320 mg every 8 weeks, and 72 (69%) of 105 patients receiving placebo., INTERPRETATION: Bimekizumab showed high levels of response, which were durable over 56 weeks, with both maintenance dosing schedules (every 4 weeks and every 8 weeks). Moreover, bimekizumab was well tolerated, with no unexpected safety findings. Data presented here further support the therapeutic value of bimekizumab and inhibition of IL-17F in addition to IL-17A for patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis., FUNDING: UCB Pharma. Copyright © 2021 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Five-year efficacy and safety of tildrakizumab in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis who respond at week 28: pooled analyses of two randomized phase III clinical trials (reSURFACE 1 and reSURFACE 2).$$$ BACKGROUND: The phase III reSURFACE 1 and reSURFACE 2 (NCT01722331/NCT01729754) trials of the anti-interleukin-23p19 monoclonal antibody tildrakizumab (TIL) for psoriasis treatment are complete., OBJECTIVES: We present 5-year pooled data from reSURFACE 1 and reSURFACE 2., METHODS: reSURFACE 1 and reSURFACE 2 were double-blind, randomized, controlled studies with optional long-term extensions. Adults with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis were randomized 2 : 2 : 1 to TIL 100 mg (TIL 100) or 200 mg (TIL 200) or placebo at weeks 0 and 4, and every 12 weeks thereafter [reSURFACE 2 included an etanercept (ETN) arm]. Efficacy outcomes included proportions of patients achieving absolute and relative improvement from baseline Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) score through week 244 in TIL responders (>= 75% improvement from baseline PASI; PASI 75 response) continuously receiving the same dose and ETN partial responders and nonresponders (PASI < 75 response) switched to TIL 200 at week 28. Safety was assessed from adverse events (AEs) in all patients as treated., RESULTS: Efficacy analyses included 329 and 227 week 28 responders to TIL 100 and TIL 200, respectively, and 121 ETN partial responders/nonresponders switched to TIL 200 at week 28. Of TIL 100 or TIL 200 responders and ETN partial responders/nonresponders entering the extensions, 235/302, 176/213 and 85/107, respectively, were evaluated at week 244, and 88.7%, 92.5% and 81.3%, respectively, achieved PASI 75 response. Exposure-adjusted rates of serious AEs were 6.3 and 6.0 patients with events per 100 patient-years of TIL 100 and TIL 200, respectively., CONCLUSIONS: TIL treatment provided sustained disease control over 5 years in week 28 TIL responders and ETN partial responders/nonresponders, with a reassuring safety profile. Copyright © 2021 The Authors. British Journal of Dermatology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of British Association of Dermatologists.
Differential Changes in Inflammatory Mononuclear Phagocyte and T-Cell Profiles within Psoriatic Skin during Treatment with Guselkumab vs. Secukinumab.$$$ Cellular sources of IL-23 and IL-17A driving skin inflammation in psoriasis remain unclear. Using high-dimensional unsupervised flow cytometry analysis, mononuclear phagocytes and T cells were examined in the same lesions of patients before and during guselkumab (IL-23p19 blocker) or secukinumab (IL-17A blocker) treatment. Among CD11c+HLA-DR+ mononuclear phagocytes, CD64brightCD163-CD14brightCD1c-CD1a- inflammatory monocyte-like cells were the predominant IL-23-producing cells and, together with CD64-CD163-CD14-IL-23p19-TNF-alpha+ inflammatory dendritic cell-like cells, were increased in lesional compared with those in nonlesional skin taken from the same patient. Within T cells, CD8+CD49a+ and/or CD103+ tissue-resident memory T cells, CD4+CD25+FoxP3+ regulatory T cells, and CD4+CD49a-CD103- T cells were increased. Moreover, CD4+CD49a-CD103- T cells and the relatively rare CD8+ memory T cells equally contributed to IL-17A production. Both treatments decreased the frequencies of inflammatory monocyte-like, inflammatory dendritic cell-like, and CD4+CD49a-CD103- T cells. In contrast, guselkumab reduced memory T cells while maintaining regulatory T cells and vice versa for secukinumab. Neither drug modified the frequencies of IL-17A+IL-17F+/- CD4+ or CD8+ T cells. This study reveals the identity of the major IL-23+ mononuclear phagocyte and IL-17+ T-cell subsets in psoriatic skin lesions and paves the way for a better understanding of the mode of action of drugs targeting the IL-23/IL-17A pathway in psoriasis. Copyright © 2021 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Long-term efficacy and safety of tildrakizumab in Japanese patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: Results from a 5-year extension of a phase 3 study (reSURFACE 1).$$$ The three part, double-blind, randomized, controlled reSURFACE 1 trial and extension study (NCT01722331) evaluated efficacy and safety of tildrakizumab in adults with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. Patients with >=50% improvement from baseline in Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI 50) following treatment with tildrakizumab 100 mg (TIL100) or 200 mg (TIL200) could enter the optional long-term extension study and continue treatment at the same dose for an additional 192 weeks. This subgroup analysis assessed the long-term efficacy and safety of tildrakizumab treatment for Japanese patients enrolled in reSURFACE 1 for up to 5 years of treatment. The primary efficacy outcomes were the proportions of patients who maintained PASI 75 and Physician Global Assessment (PGA) clear or minimal with >=2-grade reduction from baseline (PGA 0/1) from base study week 64 to extension week 192. Secondary outcomes were the proportion of patients who maintained PASI 90/100 from base study week 64 to extension week 192. Adverse events (AEs) were monitored throughout the study and for up to 20 weeks after the last study visit. Of the 120 Japanese patients who entered the reSURFACE 1 extension study, 43 (79.6%) patients receiving tildrakizumab 100 mg and 58 (87.9%) patients receiving tildrakizumab 200 mg completed the extension study. Of all Japanese patients with PASI 75/90/100 and PGA 0/1 at week 64, 85%/88% receiving TIL100/TIL200 maintained PASI 75, 70%/96% maintained PASI 90, 63%/67% maintained PASI 100, and 68%/72% maintained PGA 0/1 at extension week 192. AEs led to discontinuation in 1.7 patients per 100 patient-years (P100PY) receiving tildrakizumab 100 mg and 0.8 P100PY receiving tildrakizumab 200 mg. Incidences of severe infections, malignancies, confirmed major adverse cardiac events, and hypersensitivity reactions were low in both treatment groups. Through 5 years of treatment, tildrakizumab maintained efficacy and was well tolerated with low rates of AEs of special interest. Copyright © 2021 The Authors. The Journal of Dermatology published by John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd on behalf of Japanese Dermatological Association.
Dermatological effects of Curcuma species: a systematic review.$$$ Curcuma and its derivatives are associated with anti-inflammatory and antioxidant activities in the skin. They exhibit beneficial effects in wound healing and prevention of chronic ultraviolet B damage and may prevent facial redness such as rosacea and flushing. This review aims to provide an up-to-date and rigorous synthesis of studies that demonstrated the clinical efficacy of curcuminoids in the skin. We evaluated studies published in the MEDLINE-PubMed/PMC (National Library of Medicine) databases, and followed Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses guidelines for this review. This search included papers published in the past 10 years in controlled clinical trials, double-blind and randomized controlled studies, and case studies. The search resulted in 12 studies published in the past 10 years. Curcuma species (Curcuma longa and Curcuma aeruginosa) and curcumin were found to produce various dermatological effects, including influencing antioxidant and anti-inflammatory processes in the production of hyaluronan, increasing skin moisture, and reducing axillary hair growth. Curcuma was also found to reduce thickness, erythema, pruritus, burning and pain in psoriasis lesions and to improve radiodermatitis lesions. Our review results show that Curcuma species may play a role in skin health management and may exhibit various dermatological effects, thus it could be a new therapeutic arsenal for dermatology professionals. Nevertheless, more clinical trials should be conducted with humans to establish the optimum delivery method and dosages for different dermatological conditions. Copyright © 2021 British Association of Dermatologists.
Ixekizumab, with or without concomitant methotrexate, improves signs and symptoms of PsA: week 52 results from Spirit-P1 and Spirit-P2 studies.$$$ BACKGROUND: The efficacy and safety of ixekizumab (IXE) with and without continuous concomitant methotrexate (MTX), for up to 52 weeks of treatment, were evaluated in patients with active psoriatic arthritis (PsA)., METHODS: Patients with active PsA who were biologic-naive (SPIRIT-P1) or had prior inadequate response to tumor necrosis factor inhibitors (SPIRIT-P2) were randomized to 80 mg IXE every 4 (IXE Q4W) or 2 weeks (IXE Q2W), after a 160-mg initial dose. In this post hoc analysis, efficacy and safety were assessed up to week 52 in the subgroups of patients who received (i) IXE as monotherapy and (ii) IXE along with a stable dose of MTX (no dose tapering or increase). Efficacy outcomes included, but were not limited to, the percentage of patients achieving the American College of Rheumatology (ACR) responses., RESULTS: Out of 455 patients initially randomized to IXE, 177 (38.9%) received monotherapy, 230 (50.5%) had concomitant MTX use, and 48 (10.5%) had other concomitant medication. Overall, 183 (40.2%) received IXE with a stable dose of concomitant MTX for 1 year. At week 52, the percentage of patients achieving ACR20/50/70 responses in IXE Q4W monotherapy versus concomitant MTX groups were 66.3% versus 55.3%, 48.4% versus 38.8%, and 35.8% versus 27.1%, respectively; these responses were generally similar with IXE Q2W. The safety profiles were similar between patients receiving IXE with or without concomitant MTX., CONCLUSIONS: In this post hoc analysis, treatment with IXE demonstrated sustained efficacy in patients with PsA up to 1 year of treatment, with or without concomitant MTX therapy., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01695239 and NCT02349295 .
Improvement from ixekizumab treatment in patients with psoriatic arthritis who have had an inadequate response to one or two TNF inhibitors.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the efficacy of ixekizumab (IXE), a monoclonal antibody selectively targeting interleukin-17A, in patients with inadequate response to one or two TNF inhibitors (TNFi)., METHODS: A phase 3 study (SPIRIT-P2; NCT02349295) randomized patients with PsA with inadequate response or intolerance to one or two TNFi to receive 80-mg IXE every 2 weeks (n = 123) or every 4 weeks (n = 122) after a 160-mg starting dose or placebo (PBO; n = 118) through week 24. This post hoc analysis used data from inadequate responders to one or two TNFi, measuring the percentage achieving: >=50% improvement in ACR response criteria (ACR50) and 100% improvement from baseline in the Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI 100), ACR50, improvement in HAQ-Disability Index (HAQ-DI) >=0.35, minimal disease activity (MDA), European League Against Rheumatism (EULAR) Good Response Criteria [improvement in Disease Activity Score 28 CRP (DAS28-CRP) >1.2], and Disease Activity in PsA (DAPSA) <=14., RESULTS: There were no significant differences in baseline characteristics between inadequate responders to one and two TNFi. At week 24, significantly more patients irrespective of previous TNFi experience receiving IXE than PBO achieved ACR50, HAQ-DI >=0.35 improvement, MDA, EULAR good response, and DAPSA <=14, and significantly more patients with inadequate response to one TNFi receiving IXE than PBO achieved ACR50 and PASI 100. Improvement persisted in all measures through week 52., CONCLUSION: IXE improved the signs and symptoms of PsA in a population of difficult-to-treat patients with inadequate response to one or two TNFi. Copyright © The Author(s) 2021. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the British Society for Rheumatology.
Immediate response to apremilast in patients with palmoplantar pustulosis: a retrospective pilot study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Recent case reports have shown the efficacy of apremilast for the treatment of palmoplantar pustulosis (PPP). However, no study has statistically analyzed the clinical efficacy of oral apremilast in patients with PPP., OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the effectiveness of apremilast, a phosphodiesterase 4 inhibitor, for PPP., MATERIALS AND METHODS: Among 13 patients who were diagnosed with PPP, 10 patients with PPP with either palmoplantar pustules (>1 mm diameter) or sternoclavicular joint pain were retrospectively analyzed., RESULTS: Palmoplantar Pustulosis Area and Severity Index (mean +/- SD: baseline, 13.4 +/- 9.5 vs. after treatment, 5.1 +/- 5.6; P = 0.013) and the number of pustules measuring > 1 mm in diameter (3.9 +/- 3.9 vs. 1.3 +/- 1.9; P = 0.029) significantly improved in 2 (+/-1) weeks. Moreover, the Dermatology Life Quality Index (9.7 +/- 7.0 vs. 3.3 +/- 3.6; P = 0.009) and palmoplantar itching (visual analog scale [VAS] score) (5.6 +/- 3.5 vs. 2.1 +/- 2.2; P = 0.026) significantly improved in 2 weeks, whereas VAS scores of palmoplantar pain (4.8 +/- 4.4 vs. 1.1 +/- 2.4; P = 0.081) and sternoclavicular joint pain (3.2 +/- 3.8 vs. 2.0 +/- 2.6; P = 0.194) did not significantly improve. Diarrhea was observed in 60.0% of our patients., CONCLUSION: Our study demonstrated that apremilast can effectively treat cutaneous manifestations and arthralgia in Japanese patients with PPP who had apparent pustules and/or clavicular-sternocostal arthralgia. Owing to the retrospective design of the study and a small sample size, placebo-controlled clinical trials with a larger number of patients are warranted to confirm the efficacy of apremilast for treatment of PPP. Copyright © 2021 The Authors. International Journal of Dermatology published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of the International Society of Dermatology.
Patient-reported outcomes data in patients with psoriatic arthritis from a randomised trial of etanercept and methotrexate as monotherapy or in combination.$$$ OBJECTIVES: We examined patient-reported outcomes (PROs) in The Study of Etanercept And Methotrexate in Patients with Psoriatic Arthritis (PsA); a 48-week, phase 3, randomised controlled trial that compared outcomes with methotrexate (MTX) monotherapy, etanercept monotherapy, and MTX+ etanercept in patients with PsA., METHODS: Efficacy endpoints included: mean changes from baseline and proportion of patients who reported improvements>=minimal clinically important difference (MCID) at week 24 in treatment groups for Health Assessment Questionnaire-Disability Index, Patient Global Assessment (PtGA), Patient Global Assessment of Joint Pain (PtGAJP) and Medical Outcomes Study Short Form-36 Questionnaire (SF-36) Physical Component Summary (PCS), and Mental Component Summary, and eight domain scores. PROs were analysed as reported (observed), without multiplicity adjustment; therefore, p values are descriptive., RESULTS: At week 24, patients receiving etanercept monotherapy or MTX+ etanercept combination reported greater improvements (p<=0.05) in PtGA, PtGAJP and SF-36 PCS scores compared with those receiving MTX monotherapy. Compared with MTX monotherapy, higher proportions of patients receiving etanercept monotherapy and combination therapy reported improvements>=MCID in PtGA (etanercept vs MTX, p=0.005) and PtGAJP (MTX +etanercept vs MTX, p=0.038). Across PROs, proportions of patients reporting scores>=age and gender-matched normative values at week 24 ranged from 20.8% to 51.0% with MTX monotherapy, 30.9% to 48.8% with etanercept monotherapy, and 30.6% to 52.3% with MTX+ etanercept combination., CONCLUSIONS: Patients receiving etanercept monotherapy or MTX+ etanercept reported greater improvements from baseline in several PROs compared with those receiving MTX monotherapy. PROs should be incorporated in discussions between patients and clinicians regarding their treatment choices as they can help determine which treatments are more beneficial in patients with PsA. Copyright © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2021. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
NB-UVB plus oral Polypodium leucotomos extract display higher efficacy than NB-UVB alone in patients with vitiligo.$$$ Polypodium leucotomos displayed a synergic effect with NB-UVB in psoriasis, but its application on vitiligo remains understudied. The aim of this study was to investigate whether oral supplementation with leaves extract of Polypodium leucotomos (PL) improves narrow band (NB) UVB phototherapy-induced repigmentation. Forty-four patients with generalized vitiligo were enrolled in this randomized, prospective, placebo controlled study. Twenty-three patients were randomly selected to receive combined treatment with NB-UVB phototherapy and 480 mg oral PL twice daily while 21 patients received NB-UVB phototherapy combined with placebo. All subjects were treated with NB-UVB twice weekly for 6 months. Our results demonstrated that oral PL combined with NB-UVB improved repigmentation as well as increased the response rate compared with patients treated with NB-UVB alone (47.8% vs 22%). Our study suggests that oral supplementation of PL and NB-UVB phototherapy enhance the extent of repigmentation. Copyright © 2021 Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Patient-reported outcomes with risankizumab versus fumaric acid esters in systemic therapy-naive patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: a phase 3 clinical trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: In a phase 3 clinical study, patients from Germany with moderate to severe psoriasis who were naive to systemic treatment and received risankizumab had greater and more rapid disease improvements compared with those who received fumaric acid esters (FAEs)., OBJECTIVE: To evaluate patient-reported outcomes (PROs) in patients treated with risankizumab compared with FAEs., METHODS: Adult patients were randomized 1:1 to receive either risankizumab 150 mg subcutaneous injections at weeks 0, 4 and 16 or FAEs (Fumaderm R ) provided according to the prescribing label. PRO secondary endpoints assessed were Psoriasis Symptom Scale (PSS), Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI), 36-Item Short Form Health Survey, version 2 (SF-36v2), Patient Benefit Index (PBI), Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS), Patient Global Assessment (PtGA) and European Quality of Life 5 Dimensions 5 Level (EQ-5D-5L). PROs were assessed at weeks 0, 16 and 24., RESULTS: Sixty patients each were randomized to receive risankizumab or FAEs. A significant PSS improvement was observed with risankizumab vs. FAEs at weeks 16 and 24 for total and psoriasis-associated redness, itching and burning scores (P < 0.001). DLQI scores were significantly lower (reflecting better health-related quality of life) with risankizumab vs. FAEs, with least squares (LS) mean differences of -7.4 and -7.6 at weeks 16 and 24, respectively (both P < 0.001). Patients randomized to risankizumab also had larger improvements in SF-36 Physical and Mental Component Summary scores, HADS anxiety and depression scores, PtGA, and EQ-5D-5L index and visual analogue scale scores (all P <= 0.002) at weeks 16 and 24 compared with FAEs. PBI was significantly higher, indicating greater benefit, with risankizumab vs. FAEs, with an LS mean difference of 1.1 and 1.3 at weeks 16 and 24, respectively (both P < 0.001)., CONCLUSIONS: Risankizumab provides significant benefits over FAEs in improving PROs across several dimensions in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis. Copyright © 2021 The Authors. Journal of the European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
Characterization of LY2775240, a selective phosphodiesterase-4 inhibitor, in nonclinical models and in healthy subjects.$$$ LY2775240 is a highly selective, potent and orally-administered inhibitor of phosphodiesterase 4 (PDE4), and is being investigated as a treatment option for inflammatory disorders, such as psoriasis. LY2775240 was investigated in rodent and rhesus monkey nonclinical models. Treatment with LY2775240 led to significant reductions in TNFalpha production, a marker of PDE4 engagement upon immune activation, in both nonclinical models. In the first part of a 2-part first-in-human randomized study, a wide dose range of LY2775240 was safely evaluated and found to be well-tolerated with common adverse events (AEs) of nausea, diarrhea, and headache. No serious AEs were reported. The pharmacokinetic profile of LY2775240 was well-characterized, with a half-life that can support once-a-day dosing. An ex vivo pharmacodynamic (PD) assay demonstrated dose-dependent PDE4 target engagement as assessed by reduction in TNFalpha production. A 20 mg dose of LY2775240 led to near-maximal TNFalpha inhibition in this PD assay in the first part of the study and was selected for comparison with the clinical dose of apremilast (30 mg) in the crossover, second part of this study. The 20 mg dose of LY2775240 demonstrated sustained maximal (50%-80%) inhibition of TNFalpha over all timepoints over the 24-h duration. The comparator apremilast achieved peak inhibition of ~ 50% at only 4 h postdose with a return to about 10% inhibition within 12 h of dosing. In summary, the nonclinical data and safety, tolerability, and PK/PD data in healthy subjects supports further investigation of LY2775240 in inflammatory indications. Study Highlights WHAT IS THE CURRENT KNOWLEDGE ON THE TOPIC? Phosphodiesterase 4 (PDE4) inhibitors, such as apremilast, are currently approved to treat autoimmune disorders, such as psoriasis. LY2775240 is an oral PDE4 inhibitor being developed for treatment of a variety of inflammatory disorders. The degree of enzymatic inhibition achieved by PDE4 inhibitors clinically is poorly understood. WHAT QUESTION DID THIS STUDY ADDRESS? This study investigated single ascending doses of LY2775240, a highly selective oral PDE4 inhibitor, in healthy subjects. LY2775240 was well-tolerated over the dose range evaluated, and pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic (PD) profiles were well-characterized. WHAT DOES THIS STUDY ADD TO OUR KNOWLEDGE? This study evaluated different doses of LY2775240 and subsequently compared a selected LY2775240 dose with the clinical dose of apremilast with an ex vivo assay. This information builds a connection between target engagement and clinical efficacy. HOW MIGHT THIS CHANGE CLINICAL PHARMACOLOGY OR TRANSLATIONAL SCIENCE? This is the first report of an ex vivo PD assay that has been systematically implemented in a PDE4 inhibitor Phase 1 study. Early investigation of exposure-response relationships versus a comparator can support evaluation of clinically meaningful doses of investigational agents. Copyright © 2020 Eli Lilly and Company. Clinical and Translational Science published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of the American Society for Clinical Pharmacology and Therapeutics.
Comparative efficacy and safety of biologics in moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: a multiple-treatments meta-analysis.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To compare the efficacy and safety of biologics for patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis., METHODS: We systematically reviewed 60 randomized controlled trials (34,020 participants), which compared 14 biological drugs for treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. The main assessment criteria were >= 90 % reductions in Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI 90) and the number of patients who reported treatment-emergent adverse events (AEs). Secondary criteria were >= 75 % reductions in Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI 75), Physician's Global Assessment 0/1 (PGA 0/1) and infections., RESULTS: This network meta-analysis showed that biologics were significantly more effective than placebo. Ixekizumab, risankizumab, and bimekizumab were among the most effective treatments, and tildrakizumab, guselkumab and risankizumab were better than the other drugs with respect to safety. Risankizumab and guselkumab performed relatively stable with respect to both efficacy and safety. At the class level, blockers of interleukin (IL)-17A showed favorable efficacy while inhibitors of the p19 subunit of IL-23 were best tolerated of all efficient biologics., CONCLUSIONS: Ixekizumab was the most effective biologic in PASI 90, while IL-23p19 inhibitors, risankizumab and guselkumab performed relatively stable with respect to efficacy and safety. Copyright © 2020 Deutsche Dermatologische Gesellschaft (DDG). Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Efficacy and safety of brodalumab in the Korean population for the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: A randomized, phase III, double-blind, placebo-controlled study.$$$ Psoriasis, a chronic inflammatory skin disease, negatively impacts patients' quality of life (QoL). This randomized, phase III, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicenter study evaluated the efficacy and safety of brodalumab, a human anti-interleukin-17 receptor A monoclonal antibody, in Korean patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. Coprimary end-points were the percentage of patients with 75% or more improvement in Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI 75) and static Physician's Global Assessment (sPGA) success (score 0/1) at week 12. Secondary end-points included the percentage improvement from baseline in PASI score and proportion of patients with PASI 50/75/90/100 responses. QoL was assessed with the Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI). Eligible patients were randomized to receive brodalumab 210 mg (N = 40) or placebo (N = 22) every 2 weeks (Q2W) at a 2:1 ratio for 12 weeks. Subsequently, all patients entered an open-label extension phase and received brodalumab 210 mg Q2W until week 62. At week 12, the proportion of patients who achieved the coprimary end-points, PASI 75 and sPGA success, was significantly higher in the brodalumab 210 mg Q2W group compared with the placebo group (92.5% vs 0%). At week 12, the mean +/- SD percentage improvement in the PASI score was 96.87 +/- 6.01% in the brodalumab 210 mg Q2W group, which was maintained until study end (week 64). PASI 50/75/90 responses were achieved by 100% of patients receiving brodalumab 210 mg Q2W at weeks 6, 13, and 24, respectively; PASI 100 was achieved by 82.8% of patients at week 64. Brodalumab treatment rapidly improved DLQI scores. The most common treatment-emergent adverse events were nasopharyngitis, upper respiratory tract infections, tinea pedis, and urticaria. Overall, treatment with brodalumab 210 mg Q2W resulted in a rapid and significant clinical benefit and was well tolerated in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis in Korea. Copyright © 2020 The Authors. The Journal of Dermatology published by John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd on behalf of Japanese Dermatological Association.
Secukinumab in patients with psoriatic arthritis and axial manifestations: results from the double-blind, randomised, phase 3 MAXIMISE trial.$$$ OBJECTIVES: MAXIMISE (Managing AXIal Manifestations in psorIatic arthritis with SEcukinumab) trial was designed to evaluate the efficacy of secukinumab in the management of axial manifestations of psoriatic arthritis (PsA)., METHODS: This phase 3b, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multi-centre 52-week trial included patients (>=18 years) diagnosed with PsA and classified by ClASsification criteria for Psoriatic Arthritis (CASPAR) criteria, with spinal pain Visual Analogue Score >=40/100 and Bath Ankylosing Spondylitis Disease Activity Index (BASDAI) score >=4 despite use of at least two non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs). Patients were randomised (1:1:1) to secukinumab 300 mg, secukinumab 150 mg or placebo weekly for 4 weeks and every 4 weeks thereafter. At week 12, placebo patients were re-randomised to secukinumab 300/150 mg. Primary endpoint was ASAS20 (Assessment of SpondyloArthritis international Society) response with secukinumab 300 mg at week 12., RESULTS: Patients were randomly assigned; 167 to secukinumab 300 mg, 165 to secukinumab 150 mg and 166 to placebo. Secukinumab 300 mg and 150 mg significantly improved ASAS20 response versus placebo at week 12 (63% and 66% vs 31% placebo). The OR (95% CI) comparing secukinumab 300 mg and 150 mg versus placebo, using a logistic regression model after multiple imputation, was 3.8 (2.4 and 6.1) and 4.4 (2.7 and 7.0; p<0.0001)., CONCLUSIONS: Secukinumab 300 mg and 150 mg provided significant improvement in signs and symptoms of axial disease compared with placebo in patients with PsA and axial manifestations with inadequate response to NSAIDs., TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NCT02721966. Copyright © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2021. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Efficacy and safety of fumaric acid esters in young patients aged 10-17 years with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: a randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Apart from biologics, no systemic drugs are approved in Europe for children with moderate-to-severe psoriasis. Retrospective observational studies have shown promising results for fumaric acid esters (FAE) in this setting., OBJECTIVES: To show superiority of FAE over placebo in terms of treatment response after 20 weeks in children and adolescents aged 10-17 years., METHODS: In a multicentre, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase IIIb study, patients aged 10-17 years with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis requiring systemic therapy were randomized 2 : 1 to receive FAE (n = 91) or placebo (n = 43) over 20 weeks, followed by an open-label FAE treatment phase. The coprimary endpoints were >= 75% improvement in Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI 75) and Physician's Global Assessment (PGA) score of 0 or 1 (clear or almost clear) at week 20. The study was registered with EudraCT number 2012-000035-82., RESULTS: At week 20, 55% [95% confidence interval (CI) 0.44-0.65] of FAE-treated patients achieved a PASI 75 response vs. 19% (95% CI 0.08-0.33) in the placebo group (absolute difference 36%, 95% CI 0.20-0.53; P < 0.001). In total, 42% (95% CI 0.32-0.53) in the FAE group vs. 7% (95% CI 0.01-0.19) in the placebo group achieved a PGA score of 0 or 1 at week 20 (absolute difference 35%, 95% CI 0.21-0.49; P < 0.001). During the double-blind period, drug-related adverse events occurred more frequently in patients receiving FAE compared with placebo (76% vs. 47%). Gastrointestinal disorders were the most common adverse events., CONCLUSIONS: FAE administered over a period of 20 weeks demonstrated a better response than placebo; the difference was statistically significant and clinically meaningful. Application up to 40 weeks was generally well tolerated. However, further studies are required. Copyright © 2020 Biogen GmbH. British Journal of Dermatology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of British Association of Dermatologists.
Methotrexate Use for Patients with Psoriasis and Risk of Cutaneous Squamous Cell Carcinoma: A Nested Case-control Study.$$$ An association between methotrexate use and risk of cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma has been reported in patients with rheumatoid and psoriatic arthritis. A nested case-control study was performed to investigate if methotrexate use among patients with psoriasis was associated with increased risk of cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma. Data were obtained from Swedish registers and included 623 patients with psoriasis and a first cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma from 2010 to 2016. Ten randomly selected patients with psoriasis were matched on age and sex to each case. Among cases, 160 (26%) were ever-users of metho-trexate. The corresponding number among the controls was 1,370 (22%), yielding an unadjusted odds ratio (OR) of 1.23 (95% confidence interval (95% CI) 1.02-1.49); p = 0.034. After adjusting for use of other immunosuppressive drugs the association was close to unity (OR 1.09; 95% CI 0.89-1.34); p = 0.39. The slightly increased risk of cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma associated with methotrexate-exposure in patients with psoriasis does not seem to be associated with metho-trexate, but rather with disease severity, other anti-psoriatic treatments, and ultraviolet exposure.
Similar efficacy, safety, and immunogenicity of the biosimilar BI 695501 and adalimumab reference product in patients with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis: results from the randomized Phase III VOLTAIRE-PSO study.$$$ Background: BI 695501 is an approved biosimilar to Humira R reference product (RP). Research design and methods: In this randomized Phase III trial (VOLTAIRE-PSO), patients with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis received BI 695501 or adalimumab RP (24-week treatment). Primary efficacy endpoint: the proportion of patients with >=75% reduction in Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI 75) response at week 16 (+/-18% equivalence limits for two-sided 95% confidence interval between treatment groups). Safety, pharmacokinetics, and immunogenicity were also assessed. Results: Baseline characteristics were balanced between treated groups (BI 695501, n = 159; adalimumab RP, n = 158). PASI 75 response rates (full analysis set, n = 158; n = 157) were 68.2% (BI 695501) and 70.4% (adalimumab RP) at week 16 (95% CI: -14.4%, 8.7%), and 75.3% and 72.4%, at week 24, respectively. At week 24, 41.5% (BI 695501) and 44.9% (adalimumab RP) of treated patients had treatment-emergent adverse events (AEs), 3.1% and 4.4% had serious AEs, and 0.0% and 1.9% had AEs of special interest. Of treated patients, 75.3% (BI 695501) and 77.9% (adalimumab RP) were anti-drug antibody-positive. Conclusion: These data demonstrate equivalent efficacy and highly similar safety and immunogenicity between BI 695501 and adalimumab RP in patients with chronic plaque psoriasis. Study identifier: NCT02850965.
Safety and efficacy profile of oral cyclosporine vs oral methotrexate vs oral acitretin in palmoplantar psoriasis: A hospital based prospective investigator blind randomized controlled comparative study.$$$ Palmoplantar psoriasis (PPP) is a variant of psoriasis which affects only 5% body surface area, but has a devastating impact on affected individual's quality of life. There are few studies assessing efficacy of individual drugs, and few comparative studies of efficacy of two drugs in the literature, however randomized control trial comparing all three drugs against each other has not been done. A total of 75 patients of PPP were enrolled for study and randomly divided into three groups A, B, C of 25 each and assigned for treatment with cyclosporine (CSA) (2.5-5 mg/kg/d), methotrexate (MTX)(7.5-15 mg/week), and acitretin (ACT) (25-50 mg/d), respectively. Modified psoriasis area and severity index (PASI), psoriasis severity scale, visual analogue scale, physician global assessment, and PPQOL were used for monitoring response to therapy and improvement in quality of life up to end of study, and thereafter monthly follow-up was done to find duration of remission for next 90 days. Side effects if any were recorded. There was a statistically significant difference in modified PASI for CSA, MTX, and ACT. The mean modified PASI at baseline was 12.8 +/- 4.8 for CSA, 12.57 +/- 3.8 for MTX, and 11.92 +/- 3.28 for ACT (P = .75). Mean modified PASI reduced to 2.91 +/- 1.8 for CSA, 6.57 +/- 2.2 for MTX, and 4.7 +/- 2.2 for ACT at week 5 (P = <.01). Mean modified PASI further reduced to 0.095 +/- 0.35 for CSA, 2.12 +/- 1.4 for MTX, and 0.78 +/- 0.97 for ACT at end of study (P = <.01). However, average duration of remission was 9 weeks for ACT group, followed by 6.47 and 3 weeks for CSA and MTX group, respectively. Adverse events were comparatively more in ACT group as compared to MTX and CSA groups. PPP affects quality of life tremendously and warrants systemic treatment for the same. CSA provides fastest resolution of lesions and have highest efficacy. MTX and ACT have similar efficacy, but ACT provides longer duration of remission. Copyright © 2020 Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Is Treatment in Patients With Suspected Nonradiographic Axial Spondyloarthritis Effective? Six-Month Results of a Placebo-Controlled Trial.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the efficacy of 16-week treatment with etanercept (ETN) in patients with suspected nonradiographic axial spondyloarthritis (SpA)., METHODS: Tumor necrosis factor inhibitor-naive patients with inflammatory back pain with at least 2 SpA features and high disease activity (Bath Ankylosing Spondylitis Disease Activity Index score >=4), without the requirement of a positive finding on magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of the sacroiliac (SI) joint and/or elevated C-reactive protein (CRP) level, were randomized (1:1) to receive ETN (n = 40) or placebo (n = 40) for 16 weeks and subsequently were followed up for a further 8 weeks (to 24 weeks from baseline) without study medication. The primary end point was the Assessment of SpondyloArthritis international Society 20 (ASAS20) response at 16 weeks. Secondary end points included the Ankylosing Spondylitis Disease Activity Score (ASDAS) and changes in disease parameters, including the Bath Ankylosing Spondylitis Metrology Index (BASMI), CRP level, erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR), and Spondyloarthritis Research Consortium of Canada index scores (MRI of the SI joint), after 16 and 24 weeks., RESULTS: Patient characteristics at baseline were comparable between the ETN and placebo groups. At 16 weeks, there was no significant difference in the percentage of patients exhibiting ASAS20 response between the ETN group (6 patients [16.7%]) and the placebo group (4 patients [11.1%]) (relative risk 0.7 [95% confidence interval 0.2-2.2], P = 0.5). Only the ESR showed more improvement in the ETN group compared to the placebo group at 16 weeks (decreases of 2.2 mm/hour and 1.4 mm/hour, respectively), but the difference did not reach statistical significance. Between 16 and 24 weeks, without study medication, the BASMI, CRP level, and ESR had worsened to a greater extent in the ETN group compared to the placebo group, with the difference being significant for the CRP level., CONCLUSION: This study shows that in patients with suspected nonradiographic axial SpA with high disease activity but without the requirement of a positive finding on SI joint MRI and/or elevated CRP level, treatment with ETN is not effective. Copyright © 2020 The Authors. Arthritis & Rheumatology published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of American College of Rheumatology.
Randomized Trial Replication Using Observational Data for Comparative Effectiveness of Secukinumab and Ustekinumab in Psoriasis: A Study From the British Association of Dermatologists Biologics and Immunomodulators Register.$$$ Importance: Treatments for psoriasis may be less effective in everyday practice than in clinical trials. Emulating a target trial using data from the British Association of Dermatologists Biologics and Immunomodulators Register (BADBIR) can provide treatment effect estimates that are robust and can inform both clinicians and regulatory bodies., Objectives: To assess the comparative effectiveness of ustekinumab and secukinumab in patients with psoriasis, and to test whether the relative effectiveness estimate of the CLEAR trial, a randomized clinical trial that compared secukinumab with ustekinumab for psoriasis, can be replicated., Design, Setting, and Participants: This comparative effectiveness research study used a target trial emulation approach and was performed between November 2007 and August 2019. Data were obtained from BADBIR, a multicenter longitudinal pharmacovigilance register of patients with moderate to severe psoriasis in the United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland. Participants had chronic plaque psoriasis, were 18 years or older, and had at least 1 record of a Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) of 12 or higher before their initiation to secukinumab or ustekinumab. Propensity score (PS) 1:1 matched analysis and inverse probability treatment weighted analysis were performed., Main Outcomes and Measures: The primary outcomes were the risk ratio (RR) and the risk difference (RD) for achieving PASI of 2 or lower after 12 months of therapy for secukinumab compared with ustekinumab. Methods to account for missing outcome data were complete case analysis, nonresponder imputation, last observation carried forward, inverse probability of censoring weighting, and multiple imputation. Regulatory and estimate agreement metrics were used to benchmark the effect estimates in this study against those in the CLEAR trial., Results: A total of 1231 patients were included in the analysis, with 917 receiving ustekinumab and 314 receiving secukinumab. Secukinumab was superior to ustekinumab in all analyses, except under the nonresponder imputation method, in the proportion of participants achieving a PASI of 2 or lower (PS-weighted complete case analysis: RR, 1.28 [95% CI, 1.06-1.55]; RD, 11.9% [1.6-22.1]). All analyses, except for nonresponder imputation, reached regulatory agreement in both PS-matching and PS-weighted analyses., Conclusions and Relevance: This comparative effectiveness study found that secukinumab resulted in more patients achieving a PASI of 2 or lower after 12 months of therapy compared with ustekinumab in patients with psoriasis. Target trial emulation in this study resulted in regulatory and estimate agreement with the CLEAR randomized clinical trial; further such studies may help fill the evidence gap when comparing other systemic therapies for psoriasis.
Long-term efficacy and safety of ixekizumab: A 5-year analysis of the UNCOVER-3 randomized controlled trial.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To report the efficacy and safety of the approved ixekizumab (IXE) dose over 5 years from UNCOVER-3 (NCT01646177)., METHODS: Patients (N = 1346) were randomized 1:2:2:2 to receive subcutaneous injections of placebo, etanercept 50 mg twice weekly, or IXE 80 mg every 2 weeks or every 4 weeks after an initial dose of IXE 160 mg, respectively. At week 12, patients entered the long-term extension period with dosing of IXE every 4 weeks and could escalate to every 2 weeks after week 60. Efficacy was reported for the IXE every 2 weeks/every 4 weeks group of the intent-to-treat population. Safety was reported for patients who received at least 1 dose of IXE every 2 or every 4 weeks., RESULTS: Using modified nonresponder imputation, 78.8%/67.1%/46.2% of patients receiving the approved dose of IXE every 2 weeks/every 4 weeks (n = 385) achieved >=75%, >=90%, or 100% improvement from baseline in the Psoriasis Area and Severity Index, respectively, at week 264; static Physician's Global Assessment score of 0/1 and 0 responses were 69.2% and 45.3%, respectively. Infections were the most observed treatment-emergent adverse event (72.7% of patients)., LIMITATIONS: Lack of comparison treatment group after week 12., CONCLUSION: IXE demonstrates sustained efficacy and consistent safety through 264 weeks in patients using the approved dose. Copyright © 2020 American Academy of Dermatology, Inc. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Secukinumab's effect on structural damage progression in psoriatic arthritis: longitudinal mixture modelling of FUTURE-1 and FUTURE-5.$$$ OBJECTIVES: Peripheral and axial manifestations of psoriatic arthritis (PsA) can lead to irreversible structural damage and chronic disability. Our objective was to explore predictors of radiographic progression and to increase our understanding of treatment effects in subgroups of patients with different rates of structural damage progression., METHODS: We analysed data from two large Phase-3 trials of secukinumab in PsA patients, FUTURE-1 (NCT01392326, n=606) and FUTURE-5 (NCT02404350, n=996), where different posologies ranging from 75 mg to 300 mg were used. We applied a longitudinal Bayesian mixture model with random effects to account for the variability in the repeated radiographic assessments. "Fast progressors" were defined post hoc as patients with a 50% model-estimated probability to progress at least 0.5 mTSS/year faster than an average patient., RESULTS: Higher baseline inflammation and higher body weight were identified as significant predictors of radiographic progression (multivariate model). Model-estimated structural damage progression in an average patient treated with secukinumab 150 mg subcutaneous (s.c.) was slower (0.04 mTSS/year; 95% CI -0.28, 0.34) compared to a patient treated with placebo (0.94 mTSS/year; 95% CI 0.45, 1.45). According to the model, the subgroup of "fast progressors" (hsCRP >=26 mg/L, body weigth >=94 kg, inadequate response to prior anti-TNF-alpha, structural damage >=42 mTSS) treated with secukinumab 150 mg s.c. progressed at 0.56 mTSS/year (95% CI 0.02, 1.09) and 1.46 mTSS/year (95% CI 0.81, 2.11) when treated with placebo., CONCLUSIONS: Greater systemic inflammation and higher body weight at baseline were identified as significant predictors of progression. Even patients with fast radiographic progression could experience a beneficial effect with secukinumab that holds promise to prevent further mobility loss.
Indoor balneophototherapy for chronic plaque psoriasis: Abridged Cochrane Review.$$$ Artificial exposure to ultraviolet B light (UVB) while soaking in an indoor salt bath, also called balneophototherapy, could simulate the natural exposure to the sun while bathing in the Dead Sea. We aimed to assess the effects of this intervention on patients with chronic plaque psoriasis. We searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, and LILACS up to June 2019. We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs). The primary efficacy outcome was psoriasis area and severity index (PASI)-75 to detect people with a 75% or more reduction in the PASI score from baseline. The primary adverse outcome was treatment-related adverse events requiring withdrawal. We included eight RCTs (2105 participants; 1976 analyzed). With respect to PASI-75, two studies found that salt bath + UVB may improve psoriasis when compared to UVB alone (risk ratio 1.71, 95% confidence interval 1.24 to 2.35; 278 participants). With respect to treatment-related adverse events requiring withdrawal, two other studies found little to no difference when compared to UVB alone (risk ratio 0.96, 95% confidence interval 0.35 to 2.64; 404 participants). Salt bath + UVB could improve psoriasis when compared to UVB alone, though, results are based on a limited number of studies and provide low-certainty evidence. Copyright © 2020 The Authors. Dermatologic Therapy published by Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Relative efficacy and safety of tofacitinib for treating psoriasis: A Bayesian network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess the relative efficacy and safety of tofacitinib administration (5 and 10 mg) twice daily in psoriasis patients., MATERIALS AND METHODS: Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) examining the efficacy and safety of tofacitinib in psoriasis patients were included in this network meta-analysis. A Bayesian network meta-analysis was performed to combine the direct and indirect evidence from the RCTs., RESULTS: Five RCTs, including 3,265 patients, met the inclusion criteria. The 75% or more reduction in Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI75) response rate was significantly higher in the 10-mg tofacitinib group than in the placebo group (OR, 20.53; 95% credible interval (CrI), 13.98 - 32.69). Similarly, the PASI75 response rate was significantly higher in the 50-mg etanercept and 5-mg tofacitinib groups than in the placebo group (OR, 18.39; 95% CrI, 10.19 - 36.97 and OR, 8.87; 95% CrI, 6.02 - 13.55, respectively). However, 10 mg tofacitinib tended to be more efficacious than 50 mg etanercept and 5 mg tofacitinib. Ranking probability based on Surface under the cumulative ranking curve (SUCRA) indicated that 10 mg tofacitinib had the highest probability of being the best treatment for achieving the PASI75 response rate, followed by 50 mg etanercept, 5 mg tofacitinib, and placebo. The Physician's Global Assessment (PGA) and PASI75 response rates showed similar distribution patterns. In contrast, the number of patients with serious adverse events (SAEs) or withdrawals due to AEs did not differ significantly among the 4 treatment options., CONCLUSION: Tofacitinib (10 mg) showed the highest efficacy for the intervention for psoriasis, followed by 50 mg etanercept and 5 mg tofacitinib, and was not associated with a significant risk for SAEs or AE-induced withdrawals.
The efficacy of in vivo administration of Apremilast on mesenchymal stem cells derived from psoriatic patients.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Psoriasis cellular hallmarks, such as the imbalance between Th1/Th17 and Th2 cytokines and the dysregulated expression of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), inducible nitric oxide synthase, (iNOS) and indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase (IDO), are all detectable in mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs) suggesting that psoriasis originates at mesenchymal level., AIM OF THE STUDY: In this scenario, MSCs may become the new therapeutic target and interest in the effects of traditionally used drugs, such as Apremilast, on MSCs has greatly increased., MATERIALS AND METHODS: MSCs from control subjects (C-MSCs) and from psoriatic patients before (PsO MSCs T0) and after in vivo treatment with Apremilast (PsO-MSCs T12) were isolated and characterized; subsequently, the effects of Apremilast on VEGF, iNOS and IDO expression were evaluated by immunocytochemistry (ICC). The expression of VEGF, iNOS and IDO was also detected in skin sections by immunohistochemistry (IHC)., RESULTS: The results indicate that in vivo administration of Apremilast is able to drive the altered profile of PsO-MSCs towards a more physiological pattern. In skin sections, the role of Apremilast is evident in reducing VEGF, iNOS and IDO expression., CONCLUSION: Apremilast treatment influences the expression of VEGF, iNOS and IDO not only by keratinocytes but also by MSCs, restoring their intrinsic profile and their natural anti-inflammatory action, and decreasing the auto-inflammatory process that underpins the development of psoriasis.
Can immunological manipulation defeat SARS-CoV-2? Why G-CSF induced neutrophil expansion is worth a clinical trial: G-CSF treatment against COVID-19.$$$ Immunity against SARS-CoV-2 that is acquired by convalescent COVID-19 patients is examined in reference to (A) the Th17 cell generation system in psoriatic epidermis and (B) a recently discovered phenomenon in which Th17 cells are converted into tissue-resident memory T (TRM ) cells with Th1 phenotype. Neutrophils that are attracted to the site of infection secrete IL-17A, which stimulates lung epithelial cells to express CCL20. Natural Th17 (nTh17) cells are recruited to the infection site by CCL20 and expand in the presence of IL-23. These nTh17 cells are converted to TRM cells upon encounter with SARS-CoV-2 and continue to exist as ex-Th17 cells, which exert Th1-like immunity during a memory response. G-CSF can induce nTh17 cell accumulation at the infection site because it promotes neutrophil egress from the bone marrow. Hence, G-CSF may be effective against COVID-19. Administration of G-CSF to patients infected with SARS-CoV-2 is worth a clinical trial. Copyright © 2020 The Authors. BioEssays published by Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Oral isotretinoin for the treatment of dermatologic conditions other than acne: a systematic review and discussion of future directions.$$$ While isotretinoin has been the gold-standard of therapy for severe acne since its approval in 1982, its anti-inflammatory properties makes it a potentially applicable and versatile therapy for a wide variety of dermatologic conditions yet to be explored. This systematic review comprehensively recounts the success of oral isotretinoin in non-acne cutaneous diseases and provide insight into future directions of isotretinoin utility. A systematic literature review was performed using PubMed. Search terms included "isotretinoin" OR "accutane" AND "skin" OR "dermatology" OR "hair" OR "nails" OR "rosacea" OR "psoriasis" OR "pityriasis rubra pilaris" OR "condyloma acuminata" OR "granuloma annulare" OR "darier's disease" OR "non-melanoma skin cancer" OR "frontal fibrosing alopecia" OR "cutaneous lupus erythematosus" OR "hidradenitis suppurativa" OR "photodamaged skin" OR "skin aging" OR "wart" OR "flat warts" OR "plane warts" OR "lichen planus" OR "dissecting cellulitis" OR "folliculitis decalvans" OR "sebaceous hyperplasia" OR "cutaneous t-cell lymphoma" OR "mycosis fungoides." A total of 169 studies discuss the use of oral isotretinoin for 16 non-acne dermatologic conditions, the most common being non-melanoma skin cancers (0.2-8.2 mg/kg/day), cutaneous T-cell lymphomas (0.5-2 mg/kg/day), and rosacea (0.22-1 mg/kg/day). Inflammatory conditions such as rosacea, granuloma annulare, and hidradenitis suppurativa benefit from lower oral isotretinoin dosage of 0.3-1 mg/kg/day, whereas, hyperkeratotic diseases such as psoriasis and pityriasis rubra pilaris, consistently respond better to higher dosages of up to 2-4 mg/kg/day for lesion clearance. Recurrence of disease following discontinuation of isotretinoin have been reported for rosacea, psoriasis, granuloma annulare, Darier's disease, dissecting cellulitis, and non-melanoma skin cancers. Disease exacerbation was reported in some patients with hidradenitis suppurativa. Off-label isotretinoin is an effective treatment choice for dermatological conditions beyond acne. Further prospective, randomized human trials are needed to clarify when and how to prescribe off-label isotretinoin for maximum efficacy and safety.
Efficacy and safety of Risankizumab in moderate to severe psoriasis: A systematic review and meta-analysis.$$$ Monoclonal antibodies are explored for their therapeutic potential in Psoriasis. To evaluate Risankizumab in the moderate to severe psoriasis with regard to efficacy, tolerability, and safety PubMed, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) and clinicaltrials.gov, databases were searched for relevant RCTs. The reference lists of relevant publications were also scanned manually to identify any further studies not indexed in the searched databases. Only RCT aiming to evaluate the role of Risankizumab in the treatment of moderate to severe psoriasis were considered eligible for this systematic review. Intervention group was patients taking Risankizumab and placebo or other monoclonal antibody was considered as control group. Cochrane review manager 5 (RevMan) version 5.3 was used for data synthesis and meta-analysis. Quality assessment of included randomized controlled trials was done with Cochrane Collaboration risk of bias assessment tool, version 2.0 (ROB-2). Overall Grading of evidence for study objectives was performed with GRADE Pro GDT software. A total of seven studies were included in analysis with total of 1533 and 710 patients in Risankizumab and standard care groups, respectively. Statistically significant increase in percentage of individual achieving PASI90 (OR = 11.01 (95% CI = 8.67-13.99), DLQI-01 (OR = 6.95 (95% CI = 5.53-8.75), sPGA-01 (OR = 14.22 (95% CI = 11.10-18.22); sPGA-0 (OR = 6.39 (95% CI = 4.79-8.54) in risankizumab group as compared with control, with high quality of evidence. Increased risk of infections with risankizumab as compared with placebo (OR = 1.44 [95% CI = 1.13-1.83], high quality evidence), while no difference in SAE among two groups. Analysis of all outcome data from RCTs. In the light of evidence from systematic review on effectiveness of Risankizumab, we propose treatment with risankizumab for psoriasis patients not responding to available treatment. Copyright © 2020 Wiley Periodicals LLC.
A Randomized Controlled Ixekizumab Vs Secukinumab Trial to Study the Impact on Sexual Activity in Adult Patients with Genital Psoriasis.$$$ Introduction: There is limited data on the effects of biologic therapies on genital psoriasis and sexual activity. Recently, Ixekizumab was reported to be effective. Aim: To compare the efficacy of ixekizumab and secukinumab for the treatment of genital psoriasis and sexual inadequacy in adult patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis. Patients and methods: We assessed adult patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis having genital involvement. They were randomly assigned in a 1:1 ratio to receive either ixekizumab (80 mg/2 weeks after 160-mg initial dose) or secukinumab (300 mg subcutaneous injection at Weeks 0, 1, 2, 3, and 4 then every 4 weeks). The severity was assessed using Genital Psoriasis Symptoms Scale (GPSS), and impact on sexual health by evaluating the Massachusetts General Hospital-Sexual Functioning Questionnaire (MGH-SFQ). Results: Twenty eight patients on ixekizumab, and 26 on secukinumab showed improvement in genital psoriasis symptoms, beginning week 2 (GPSS total and individual items), and from week 4 onwards, improvement in sexual activity was seen with both drugs. Conclusion: Both genital psoriasis symptoms and impact on sexual activity improved rapidly and significantly with both the IL-17 inhibitors. Limitations included small number of patients and lack of follow-up period.
Depletion of LAG-3+ T Cells Translated to Pharmacology and Improvement in Psoriasis Disease Activity: A Phase I Randomized Study of mAb GSK2831781.$$$ Activated T cells drive a range of immune-mediated inflammatory diseases. LAG-3 is transiently expressed on recently activated CD4+ and CD8+ T cells. We describe the engineering and first-in-human clinical study (NCT02195349) of GSK2831781 (an afucosylated humanized IgG1 monoclonal antibody enhanced with high affinity for Fc receptors and LAG-3 and antibody-dependent cellular cytotoxicity capabilities), which depletes LAG-3 expressing cells. GSK2831781 was tested in a phase I/Ib, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical study, which randomized 40 healthy participants (part A) and 27 patients with psoriasis (part B) to single doses of GSK2831781 (up to 0.15 and 5 mg/kg, respectively) or placebo. Adverse events were generally balanced across groups, with no safety or tolerability concern identified. LAG-3+ cell depletion in peripheral blood was observed at doses >= 0.15 mg/kg and was dose-dependent. In biopsies of psoriasis plaques, a reduction in mean group LAG-3+ and CD3+ T-cell counts was observed following treatment. Downregulation of proinflammatory genes (IL-17A, IL-17F, IFNgamma, and S100A12) and upregulation of the epithelial barrier integrity gene, CDHR1, was observed with the 5 mg/kg dose of GSK2831781. Psoriasis disease activity improved up to day 43 at all GSK2831781 doses (0.5, 1.5, and 5 mg/kg) compared with placebo. Depletion of LAG-3-expressing activated T cells is a novel approach, and this first clinical study shows that GSK2831781 is pharmacologically active and provides encouraging early evidence of clinical effects in psoriasis, which warrants further investigation in T-cell-mediated inflammatory diseases. Copyright © 2020 GlaxoSmithKline. Clinical Pharmacology & Therapeutics published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of American Society for Clinical Pharmacology and Therapeutics.
Brodalumab in psoriatic arthritis: results from the randomised phase III AMVISION-1 and AMVISION-2 trials.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To compare the efficacy and safety of brodalumab, an interleukin-17 receptor subunit A inhibitor, with placebo, in patients with psoriatic arthritis (PsA)., METHODS: Adult patients with active PsA and inadequate response to, or intolerance to, conventional treatment were enrolled into two phase III studies (NCT02029495 and NCT02024646) and randomised 1:1:1 to receive subcutaneous brodalumab 140 mg or 210 mg or placebo at weeks 0, 1 and every 2 weeks up to 24 weeks. About 30% of patients had prior use of biologics. The primary endpoint for both studies was the American College of Rheumatology 20 (ACR20) response at week 16., RESULTS: 962 patients were randomised across the studies prior to early termination due to sponsor decision. The primary endpoint was met in both studies. Based on comparable design and eligibility criteria, data from both studies were pooled. Significantly more patients achieved ACR20 at week 16 in both brodalumab treatment groups (45.8% and 47.9% for 140 mg and 210 mg, respectively) versus placebo (20.9%) (p<0.0001). Similar results were observed at week 24. Significantly higher proportions of patients receiving brodalumab achieved ACR50/70, Psoriasis Area and Severity Index 75/90/100 and resolution of dactylitis and enthesitis versus placebo (p<0.01). Adverse event rates were similar across treatments at week 16 (54.4%, 51.6% and 54.5% for placebo, brodalumab 140 mg and 210 mg, respectively). No new safety signals were reported., CONCLUSION: Brodalumab was associated with rapid and significant improvements in signs and symptoms of PsA versus placebo. Brodalumab was well tolerated, with a safety profile consistent with other interleukin-17 inhibitors. Copyright © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2021. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Secukinumab demonstrates high efficacy and a favourable safety profile in paediatric patients with severe chronic plaque psoriasis: 52-week results from a Phase 3 double-blind randomized, controlled trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Secukinumab has demonstrated sustained long-term efficacy with a favourable safety profile in various psoriatic disease manifestations in adults., OBJECTIVES: Here, the efficacy and safety of two secukinumab dosing regimens [low dose (LD) and high dose (HD)] in paediatric patients with severe chronic plaque psoriasis over one year are reported., METHODS: In this multicentre, double-blind study (NCT02471144), patients aged 6 to <18 years with severe chronic plaque psoriasis were stratified and randomized by weight (<25 kg, 25 to <50 kg, >=50 kg) and age (6 to <12 years, 12 to <18 years) to receive low-dose (LD: 75/75/150 mg) or high-dose (HD: 75/150/300 mg) subcutaneous secukinumab or placebo or etanercept 0.8 mg/kg (up to a max of 50 mg)., RESULTS: Overall, 162 patients were randomized to receive secukinumab LD (n = 40) or HD (n = 40), etanercept (n = 41) or placebo (n = 41). The co-primary objectives of the study were met with both secukinumab doses (LD and HD) showing superior efficacy compared to placebo (P < 0.0001) with respect to PASI 75 response (80.0%, 77.5% vs. 14.6%) and IGA mod 2011, 0 or 1 response (70%, 60% vs. 4.9%) at Week 12. Both secukinumab doses were superior to placebo (P < 0.0001) with respect to PASI 90 response at Week 12 (72.5%, 67.5% vs. 2.4%). The efficacy of both doses was sustained to Week 52 with secukinumab achieving higher responses vs. etanercept (PASI 75/90/100: LD, 87.5%/75.0%/40.0% and HD, 87.5%/80.0%/47.5.% vs. etanercept, 68.3%/51.2%/22.0% and IGA 0 or 1: LD, 72.5% and HD, 75.0% vs. etanercept, 56.1%). The safety profile of secukinumab was consistent with the adult Phase 3 studies, with no new safety signals identified., CONCLUSIONS: Both doses of secukinumab demonstrated high and sustained efficacy up to Week 52 with a favourable safety profile in paediatric patients with severe chronic plaque psoriasis. Copyright © 2020 European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
Meta-analysis and Indirect Comparisons: on Methods, Paradigms, and Biologic Treatments for Psoriasis.$$$ Meta-analysis offers a way to assess the clinical efficacy of a treatment by combining the results of randomized clinical trials while maintaining randomization; the combined effects, with their confidence intervals, can be represented with a forest plot. The efficacy of several different treatment options can be assessed with either direct or indirect comparisons. Indirect comparisons may be placebo-anchored as well as network meta-analyses (NMA) that use either a frequentist or Bayesian approach, depending on the statistical framework and the definition of probability selected. Indirect comparisons may also adjust for covariates or utilize individual participant data. Bayesian NMA are able to establish a rank order of efficacy based on probabilities or credibility intervals, which can be described by the surface under the cumulative ranking curve(SUCRA). Statistical superiority is demonstrated by pairwise comparisons, which are generally presented in league tables. This review provides clinical practitioners with detailed descriptions of these methods, drawing on examples from recently published NMA that rank the relative efficacy of biologic treatments for moderate to severe psoriasis. According to NMA findings, the four most effective treatments in both the short term (10-16 weeks) and the long term (approximately one year) are, in rank order, risankizumab (first in all studies that include it), brodalumab, guselkumab, and ixekizumab. However, the between-treatment differences are not always significant. Copyright © 2020 AEDV. Publicado por Elsevier Espana, S.L.U. All rights reserved.
Efficacy and Safety of Guselkumab, an Interleukin-23p19-Specific Monoclonal Antibody, Through One Year in Biologic-Naive Patients With Psoriatic Arthritis.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Guselkumab, a human monoclonal antibody specific to interleukin-23p19, demonstrated efficacy and safety versus placebo through week 24 of the phase III DISCOVER-2 trial in biologic-naive patients with psoriatic arthritis (PsA). Here we report 1-year DISCOVER-2 findings., METHODS: Adults with active PsA (>=5 swollen and >=5 tender joints; C-reactive protein level >=0.6 mg/dl) despite standard nonbiologic treatment were randomized to receive subcutaneous injections of guselkumab 100 mg every 4 weeks, guselkumab 100 mg at week 0, week 4 and every 8 weeks thereafter, or placebo with crossover to guselkumab 100 mg every 4 weeks at week 24. We primarily evaluated clinical efficacy through week 52 by imputing missing data (nonresponse for categorical end points; no change/using multiple imputation for continuous end points). Observed radiographic scores and adverse events (AEs) were summarized., RESULTS: Of 739 randomized, treated patients, 93% completed week 52. The proportions of patients in whom a >=20% improvement from baseline in American College of Rheumatology criteria (ACR20) was achieved were maintained after week 24, reaching 71% (173 of 245) and 75% (185 of 248) for patients randomized to receive treatment every 4 weeks or every 8 weeks, respectively, by week 52. The proportions of patients in whom ACR50/ACR70 and skin responses, minimal or very low disease activity, and dactylitis or enthesitis resolution were achieved at week 24 were also maintained through week 52. Further, low levels of radiographic progression, along with improvements in physical function and health-related quality of life, were sustained through week 52 with continued guselkumab treatment. Few patients experienced serious infections through week 52, with no evidence of a dosing regimen response or increase from weeks 0-24 (4 of 493 [0.8%]) to weeks 24-52 (3 of 493 [0.6%]) among guselkumab-randomized patients. No patient developed an opportunistic infection or died., CONCLUSION: In biologic-naive PsA patients, guselkumab provided sustained improvements across diverse manifestations and maintained a favorable risk-benefit profile through week 52. Copyright © 2021 The Authors. Arthritis & Rheumatology published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of American College of Rheumatology.
Twelve-week secukinumab treatment is consistently efficacious for moderate-to-severe psoriasis regardless of prior biologic and non-biologic systemic treatment: Post hoc analysis of six randomised trials.$$$ BACKGROUND: The efficacy of biologic therapies is greater among biologic-naive vs. biologic-experienced psoriasis patients. However, little is known as to whether prior use of other systemic therapies impacts secukinumab efficacy in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis., OBJECTIVE: To investigate the impact of prior exposure to systemic therapies upon the efficacy and safety of secukinumab 300 mg for moderate-to-severe psoriasis., METHODS: Post hoc analysis of six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing secukinumab with placebo, ustekinumab or etanercept at 12 weeks of treatment. Data comparing secukinumab with placebo and ustekinumab were meta-analysed, while comparisons between secukinumab and etanercept were from a single RCT. Four subgroups of patients were assessed: (i) naive to non-biologic systemics (NBS) and biologics; (ii) exposed to NBS but naive to biologics; (iii) naive to NBS but exposed to biologics; and (iv) exposed to NBS and biologics. Outcomes of interest included the following: investigator's global assessment (IGA) score, absolute psoriasis area and severity index (PASI) response, PASI 75, PASI 90 and PASI 100 responses, and dermatology life quality index (DLQI). Safety was also assessed., RESULTS: One thousand three hundred and eighty-three patients were included in the secukinumab vs. placebo meta-analysis: 1776 in the secukinumab vs. ustekinumab meta-analysis and 653 in the within-trial analyses of secukinumab vs. etanercept. For all subgroups, secukinumab was significantly more efficacious than placebo for all outcomes measured. Secukinumab generated greater responses in biologic-naive patients, while prior NBS had a negligible impact on treatment response. Furthermore, secukinumab was more efficacious than both ustekinumab and etanercept on many outcomes, with an even greater difference for biologic-naive than biologic-exposed patients. Safety results were consistent with individual clinical trial results., CONCLUSIONS: Twelve-week treatment with secukinumab 300 mg is consistently more efficacious than placebo, etanercept and ustekinumab in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis, regardless of prior exposure to biologics or NBS. Secukinumab had a comparable safety profile to both etanercept and ustekinumab. Copyright © 2020 The Authors. Journal of the European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
Time to relapse after tildrakizumab withdrawal in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis who were responders at week 28: post hoc analysis through 64 weeks from reSURFACE 1 trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: As treatment interruptions occur during psoriasis management in clinical practice, it is important to know the duration of clinical response after treatment withdrawal., OBJECTIVES: To report time to and predictors of relapse in patients who were tildrakizumab 100 and 200 mg responders (>=75% improvement in Psoriasis Area and Severity Index, PASI 75) at week 28 re-randomized to placebo from reSURFACE 1 trial., METHODS: Post hoc analysis of adult patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis from a 64-week phase 3 trial. Relapse was primarily defined as loss of PASI 75 response. Both relapses defined as loss of PASI 90 and loss of absolute PASI < 2 response were included as sensitivity analyses. PASI 75, PASI 90 and PASI < 2 responders re-randomized to placebo at week 28 and followed up until week 64 were included. The Kaplan-Meier (KM) estimates of the 64-week relapse rate were calculated. The log-rank test to compare KM curves from responders to tildrakizumab 100 and 200 mg was used. Independent predictors of relapse were explored., RESULTS: Median time to loss of PASI 75/PASI 90/PASI < 2 response from week 28 was 142/111/112 days with tildrakizumab 100 mg and 172/140/113 days with tildrakizumab 200 mg, respectively (all not significant). Around 20% of patients did not relapse (either maintained a PASI 75 response or were lost to follow-up) during the 36-week period. Increase in body mass index (BMI) (hazard ratio, HR [95% confidence interval, CI] for loss of PASI 75 response: 1.0345 [1.0112-1.0582]) and increase in disease duration (HR [95% CI]: 1.0151 [1.0028-1.0275] for loss of PASI 75 response) were associated with an increased risk of relapse, regardless of the relapse definition., CONCLUSIONS: When treatment is interrupted, tildrakizumab provides durable maintenance of efficacy with a median time to loss of PASI 75 response of 5-6 months, irrespective of the dose. Interventions on modifiable risk factors for relapse, such as BMI, may improve personalized long-term psoriasis management. Copyright © 2020 The Authors. Journal of the European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
Safety of Ustekinumab in Inflammatory Bowel Disease: Pooled Safety Analysis of Results from Phase 2/3 Studies.$$$ BACKGROUND: Ustekinumab is currently approved globally in Crohn's disease (CD) and psoriatic diseases. Recent phase 3 data demonstrate safety/efficacy in ulcerative colitis (UC). Crohn's disease and UC phase 3 programs had similar study designs, facilitating integrated safety analyses., METHODS: Data from 6 ustekinumab phase 2/3 CD and UC studies were pooled, and safety was evaluated through 1 year. Patients received 1 placebo or ustekinumab (generally 130 mg or ~6 mg/kg) intravenous induction, then subcutaneous (90 mg) maintenance every 8/12 weeks. Analyses incorporated all patients who received >=1 ustekinumab dose. Safety outcomes are presented as percentages of patients (induction) and as number of patients with events per 100 patient-years of follow-up (through 1 year). For key safety events, 95% confidence intervals (CIs) are provided, as appropriate. Hazard ratios with 95% CIs from time-to-event analyses for serious adverse events and serious infections were also performed., RESULTS: Through 1 year, 2574 patients received ustekinumab (1733 patient-years of follow-up). The number of patients with adverse events per 100 patient-years (placebo 165.99 [95% CI, 155.81-176.67] vs ustekinumab 118.32 [95% CI, 113.25-123.55]), serious AEs (27.50 [95% CI, 23.45-32.04] vs 21.23 [95% CI, 19.12-23.51]), infections (80.31 [95% CI, 73.28-87.84] vs 64.32 [95% CI, 60.60-68.21]), serious infections (5.53 [95% CI, 3.81-7.77] vs 5.02 [95% CI, 4.02-6.19]), and malignancies excluding nonmelanoma skin cancer (0.17 [95% CI, 0.00-0.93] vs 0.40 [95% CI, 0.16-0.83]) were similar between placebo and ustekinumab., CONCLUSIONS: The safety profile of ustekinumab across the pooled inflammatory bowel disease population through 1 year was favorable and generally comparable to placebo. These data are consistent with the established safety profile of ustekinumab across indications., CLINICALTRIALS.GOV NUMBERS: NCT00265122; NCT00771667; NCT01369329; NCT01369342; NCT01369355; NCT02407236. Copyright © 2020 Crohn's & Colitis Foundation. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of Crohn's & Colitis Foundation.
Interventions for chronic palmoplantar pustulosis: abridged Cochrane systematic review and GRADE assessments.$$$ BACKGROUND: Palmoplantar pustulosis (PPP) is a chronic inflammatory disease in which sterile and relapsing pustules appear on the palms and soles., OBJECTIVES: To assess the effects of interventions for chronic PPP to induce and maintain complete remission., METHODS: We searched for randomized controlled trials (RCTs), including people with PPP or chronic palmoplantar pustular psoriasis, in the Cochrane Skin Specialised Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, LILACS and eight trials registers up to July 2020. Study selection, data extraction and risk-of-bias assessment were carried out independently by two review authors. Certainty of evidence was assessed using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) method., RESULTS: We included 37 RCTs (1663 participants, 76% women, mean age 50 years). Mean treatment duration was 11 weeks. Topical vitamin D derivative may be more effective than placebo in achieving clearance [risk ratio (RR) 7.83, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.85-33.12; low-certainty evidence from two trials]. Concerning biological therapies, there was little or no difference between etanercept and placebo in achieving clearance (low-certainty evidence from one trial), ustekinumab is less effective than placebo in reducing severity (low-certainty evidence from one trial), and guselkumab (RR 2.88, 95% CI 1.24-6.69) and secukinumab (RR 1.55, 95% CI 1.02-2.35) are probably better in reducing disease severity (moderate-certainty evidence from two and one trial(s), respectively) but may cause more serious adverse events than placebo., CONCLUSIONS: Evidence is lacking for or against major chronic PPP treatments. Risk of bias and imprecision limit our confidence in the results. Copyright © 2020 British Association of Dermatologists.
Tildrakizumab efficacy, drug survival, and safety are comparable in patients with psoriasis with and without metabolic syndrome: Long-term results from 2 phase 3 randomized controlled studies (reSURFACE 1 and reSURFACE 2).$$$ BACKGROUND: Data for the effect of metabolic syndrome (MetS) on the efficacy and safety of biologic agents for psoriasis treatment are limited., OBJECTIVE: To evaluate long-term tildrakizumab efficacy, drug survival, and safety in patients with psoriasis by baseline MetS status., METHODS: Post hoc analyses of up to 3 years of efficacy data and 5 years of safety data from the phase 3, double-blind, randomized controlled reSURFACE 1 and 2 trial (NCT01722331 and NCT01729754) base and extension studies were conducted for patients receiving continuous tildrakizumab 100 or 200 mg., RESULTS: Of 338 (n = 124/214 in reSURFACE 1/2) and 307 (n = 147/160 in reSURFACE 1/2) patients continuously receiving tildrakizumab 100 and 200 mg, respectively, throughout the studies, 26/44 (21%/21%) and 34/30 (23%/19%) met MetS criteria. Proportions of patients who achieved a 75% improvement in the Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) in reSURFACE 1/2 were generally comparable among those with versus without MetS at week 52 (tildrakizumab 100 mg, 85%/86% vs 86%/94%; tildrakizumab 200 mg, 76%/87% vs 76%/87%) and through week 148. Results were similar for responders with 90% and 100% improvement in the PASI. Tildrakizumab's safety profile did not vary by MetS status., LIMITATIONS: Small sample size and post hoc analysis limit interpretation., CONCLUSION: Long-term tildrakizumab efficacy and safety were comparable between patients with and without MetS. Copyright © 2020 American Academy of Dermatology, Inc. All rights reserved.
A phase 4, randomized, head-to-head trial comparing the efficacy of subcutaneous injections of brodalumab to oral administrations of fumaric acid esters in adults with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis (CHANGE).$$$ BACKGROUND: Brodalumab is a fully human monoclonal immunoglobulin IgG2 antibody that binds to the human IL-17 receptor subunit A and by that inhibits the biologic action of IL-17A, IL-17F, IL-17C and IL-17E. Therapy with fumaric acid esters (FAE) is a well established and widely used first-line systemic treatment for subjects with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis., OBJECTIVES: To compare brodalumab to FAE in terms of clinical efficacy, patient-reported outcomes and safety in subjects with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis who were naive to systemic treatment., METHODS: Eligible subjects were randomized 1 : 1 to 210 mg brodalumab injections or oral FAE according to product label in this 24-week, open-label, assessor-blinded, multi-centre, head-to-head phase 4 trial. The primary endpoints were having PASI75 and having sPGA score of 0 or 1 (sPGA 0/1). Subjects with missing values for the primary endpoints were considered non-responders., RESULTS: A total of 210 subjects were randomized. 91/105 subjects completed brodalumab treatment and 58/105 subjects completed FAE treatment. At Week 24, significantly more subjects in the brodalumab group compared to the FAE group had PASI75 (81.0% vs. 38.1%, P < 0.001) and sPGA 0/1 (64.8% vs. 20.0%, P < 0.001). In the brodalumab group, the median time to both PASI75 and to PASI90 was significantly shorter than in the FAE group (4.1 weeks vs. 16.4 weeks, and 7.4 weeks vs. 24.4 weeks, respectively, P < 0.0001 for both). The rate of adverse events was lower in subjects treated with brodalumab compared to subjects treated with FAE (616.4 vs. 1195.8 events per 100 exposure years). No new safety signals were detected for brodalumab., CONCLUSIONS: Brodalumab was associated with rapid and significant improvements in signs and symptoms of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis, with a superior efficacy profile to what was observed with FAE in systemic-naive subjects over 24 weeks. Copyright © 2020 The Authors. Journal of the European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
Pharmacodynamic analysis of apremilast in Japanese patients with moderate to severe psoriasis: Results from a phase 2b randomized trial.$$$ We evaluated the pharmacodynamic effects of apremilast in 69 patients who were included in biomarker subanalyses of a phase 2b study that demonstrated the long-term safety and efficacy of apremilast in Japanese adults with moderate to severe psoriasis. The association between cytokine levels and Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) improvement was evaluated using linear regression and Spearman's rank correlation coefficient analysis. At baseline, median plasma levels of interleukin (IL)-17A, IL-17F and IL-22 were elevated versus reference values for healthy individuals, whereas tumor necrosis factor-alpha levels were close to normal. With apremilast 30 mg b.i.d., there were significant associations between percentage change in PASI score and percentage change in IL-17A, IL-17F and IL-22 levels at week 16. Findings demonstrate that the efficacy of apremilast in psoriasis is associated with inhibition of key cytokines involved in the pathology of psoriasis. Copyright © 2020 The Authors. The Journal of Dermatology published by John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd on behalf of Japanese Dermatological Association.
A head-to-head comparison of ixekizumab vs. guselkumab in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: 24-week efficacy and safety results from a randomized, double-blinded trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Significantly more patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis treated with the interleukin (IL)-17A inhibitor ixekizumab vs. the IL-23p19 inhibitor guselkumab in the IXORA-R head-to-head trial achieved 100% improvement in Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI 100) at week 12., OBJECTIVES: To compare skin and nail clearance and patient-reported outcomes for ixekizumab vs. guselkumab, up to week 24., METHODS: IXORA-R enrolled adults with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis, defined as static Physician's Global Assessment >= 3, PASI >= 12 and involved body surface area >= 10%. Statistical comparisons were performed using the Cochran-Mantel-Haenszel test stratified by pooled site. Time-to-first-event comparisons were performed using Kaplan-Meier analysis, and P-values were generated using adjusted log-rank tests stratified by treatment group. Cumulative days at clinical and patient-reported responses were compared by ancova. The trial was registered with ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT03573323)., RESULTS: Of the 1027 patients randomly assigned, 90% completed the trial (465 of 520 ixekizumab and 459 of 507 guselkumab). As early as week 2 and through week 16, more patients on ixekizumab achieved PASI 100 (P < 0.01). At week 24, ixekizumab was noninferior to guselkumab (50% vs. 52%, difference -2.3%), with no statistically significant difference in PASI 100 (P = 0.41). More patients receiving ixekizumab showed completely clear nails at week 24 (52% vs. 31%, P = 0.007). The median time to first PASI 50/75/90 and PASI 100 were 2 and 7.5 weeks shorter, respectively, for patients on ixekizumab vs. guselkumab (P < 0.001). Patients on ixekizumab also had a greater cumulative benefit, with more days at PASI 90 and 100, with Dermatology Life Quality Index of 0 or 1, and itch free (P < 0.05). The frequency of serious adverse events was 3% for each group, with no new safety signals., CONCLUSIONS: Ixekizumab was noninferior to guselkumab in complete skin clearance and superior in clearing nails at week 24. Ixekizumab cleared skin more rapidly in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis, with a greater cumulative benefit, than guselkumab. Overall, the safety findings were consistent with the known safety profile for ixekizumab. Copyright © 2020 The Authors. British Journal of Dermatology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of British Association of Dermatologists.
Performance of composite measures used in a trial of etanercept and methotrexate as monotherapy or in combination in psoriatic arthritis.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To examine which composite measures are most sensitive to change when measuring psoriatic arthritis (PsA) disease activity, analyses compared the responsiveness of composite measures used in a 48-week randomized, controlled trial of MTX and etanercept in patients with PsA., METHODS: The trial randomised 851 patients to receive weekly: MTX (20 mg/week), etanercept (50 mg/week) or MTX plus etanercept. Dichotomous composite measures examined included ACR 20/50/70 responses, minimal disease activity (MDA) and very low disease activity (VLDA). Continuous composite measures examined included Disease Activity Score (28 joints) using CRP (DAS28-CRP), Clinical Disease Activity Index (CDAI), Simplified Disease Activity Index (SDAI), Disease Activity for Psoriatic Arthritis (DAPSA) and Psoriatic Arthritis Disease Activity Score (PASDAS)., RESULTS: At week 24, etanercept-treated groups were significantly more effective than MTX monotherapy to achieve ACR 20 (primary end point) and MDA (key secondary end point). When examining score changes from baseline at week 24 across the five continuous composite measures, PASDAS demonstrated relatively greater changes in the etanercept-treated groups compared with MTX monotherapy and had the largest effect size and standardized response. Joint count changes drove overall score changes at week 24 from baseline in all the continuous composite measures except for PASDAS, which was driven by the Physician and Patient Global Assessments., CONCLUSION: PASDAS was the most sensitive continuous composite measure examined with results that mirrored the protocol-defined primary and key secondary outcomes. Composite measures with multiple domains, such as PASDAS, may better quantify change in PsA disease burden., TRAIL REGISTRATION: https://ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT02376790. Copyright © The Author(s) 2020. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the British Society for Rheumatology.
A patient-initiated DMARD self-monitoring service for people with rheumatoid or psoriatic arthritis: a cost-effectiveness analysis.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine whether a patient-initiated DMARD self-monitoring service for people on MTX is a cost-effective model of care for patients with RA or PsA., METHODS: An economic evaluation was undertaken alongside a randomized controlled trial involving 100 patients. Outcome measures were quality of life and ESR assessed at baseline and post-intervention. Costs were calculated for healthcare usage using a United Kingdom National Health Service economic perspective. Sensitivity analysis was performed to explore the impact of nurse-led telephone helplines. Uncertainty around the cost-effectiveness ratios was estimated by bootstrapping and analysing the cost-effectiveness planes., RESULTS: Fifty-two patients received the intervention and 48 usual care. The difference in mean cost per case indicated that the intervention was 263 more expensive (P < 0.001; 95% CI: 149.14, 375.86) when the helpline costs were accounted for and 94 cheaper (P = 0.08; 95% CI: -199.26, 10.41) when these costs were absorbed by the usual service. There were, however, statistically significant savings for the patient (P = 0.02; 95% CI: -28.98, 3.00). When costs and effectiveness measures of ESR and quality of life measured, using the Short Form-12v1, were combined this did not show the patient-initiated service to be cost-effective at a statistically significant level., CONCLUSION: This patient-initiated service led to reductions in primary and secondary healthcare services that translated into reduced costs, in comparison with usual care, but were not cost-effective. Further work is needed to establish how nurse-led telephone triage services are integrated into rheumatology services and the associated costs of setting up and delivering them., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov, http://clinicaltrials.gov, ISRCTN21613721. Copyright © The Author(s) 2020. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the British Society for Rheumatology. All rights reserved. For permissions, please email: journals.permissions@oup.com.
Long-term efficacy of certolizumab pegol for the treatment of plaque psoriasis: 3-year results from two randomized phase III trials (CIMPASI-1 and CIMPASI-2).$$$ BACKGROUND: Certolizumab pegol (CZP) is an Fc-free, PEGylated anti-tumour necrosis factor biologic., OBJECTIVES: To report the 3-year efficacy of CZP in plaque psoriasis, pooled from the CIMPASI-1 (NCT02326298) and CIMPASI-2 (NCT02326272) phase III trials., METHODS: Adults with moderate-to-severe psoriasis for >= 6 months were randomized 2 : 2 : 1 to CZP 200 mg, CZP 400 mg or placebo, every 2 weeks (Q2W) for up to 48 weeks. Patients entering the open-label period (weeks 48-144) from double-blinded CZP initially received CZP 200 mg Q2W. Patients not achieving >= 50% improvement in Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI 50) at week 16 entered an open-label CZP 400 mg Q2W escape arm (weeks 16-144). Dose adjustments based on PASI response were permitted during open-label treatment. Outcomes included PASI 75, PASI 90 and Physician's Global Assessment (PGA) 0/1 responder rates, based on a logistic regression model (missing data imputed using Markov Chain Monte Carlo methodology)., RESULTS: In total, 186 patients were randomized to CZP 200 mg Q2W and 175 to CZP 400 mg Q2W. At week 48, PASI 75/90 was achieved by 72.7%/51.3% of patients randomized to CZP 200 mg and 84.4%/62.7% randomized to CZP 400 mg. Patients entering the open-label period at week 48, from blinded treatment, received CZP 200 mg Q2W. At week 144, PASI 75/90 was achieved by 70.6%/48.7% patients randomized to CZP 200 mg and 72.9%/42.7% randomized to CZP 400 mg. At week 16, 72 placebo-randomized patients entered the CZP 400 mg Q2W escape arm; 75.7%/58.5% achieved PASI 75/90 at week 144., CONCLUSIONS: Both CZP 200 mg and 400 mg Q2W demonstrated sustained, durable efficacy, with numerically higher responses for some outcomes with 400 mg Q2W. Copyright © 2020 The Authors. British Journal of Dermatology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of British Association of Dermatologists.
Secukinumab 2-weekly vs. 4-weekly dosing in patients with plaque-type psoriasis: results from the randomized GAIN study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Secukinumab is a fully human monoclonal antibody that selectively neutralizes interleukin-17A and shows long-lasting efficacy and safety in plaque psoriasis. More evidence is required to optimize secukinumab dosing according to clinical response., OBJECTIVES: GAIN compared the efficacy and safety of secukinumab 300 mg every 2 weeks (q2w) with 300 mg every 4 weeks (q4w) in patients achieving >= 75% improvement in Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI 75) but not PASI 90 after 16 weeks., METHODS: In total, 772 patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis received secukinumab 300 mg subcutaneously at baseline and weeks 1, 2, 3 and 4, then q4w until week 16. At week 16, patients with PASI >= 75 to PASI < 90 were randomized 1: 1 to continue q4w dosing (n = 162) or switch to q2w (n = 163) to week 32. The primary endpoint was superiority of q2w to q4w dosing for PASI 90 response at week 32., RESULTS: PASI 90 response at week 32 was numerically greater with secukinumab 300 mg q2w than with secukinumab 300 mg q4w in suboptimal responders, but this did not reach statistical significance (64.4% vs. 57.4%; odds ratio 0.64, 95% confidence interval 0.39-1.07; P = 0.087). Although the primary endpoint was not met, absolute PASI was significantly lower at week 32 in q2w vs. q4w patients (2.11 vs. 2.84, P = 0.024). Significantly more patients with q2w vs. q4w dosing showed minimal disease activity (Investigator's Global Assessment score 0 or 1: 73.0% vs. 64.1%, P < 0.05) and improved quality of life (Dermatology Life Quality Index score 0 or 1: 58.9% vs. 50.6%, P < 0.05) at week 32. No new or unexpected safety signals arose., CONCLUSIONS: Most patients achieved PASI 90 response with secukinumab q4w. There was potential benefit of q2w dosing in some suboptimal responders. Continued q4w treatment can improve response even after 16 weeks. Copyright © 2020 British Association of Dermatologists.
Efficacy and safety of risankizumab vs. secukinumab in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis (IMMerge): results from a phase III, randomized, open-label, efficacy-assessor-blinded clinical trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Patients with plaque psoriasis treated with biologic therapies need more efficacious, safe and convenient treatments to improve quality of life. Risankizumab and secukinumab inhibit interleukin-23 and interleukin-17A, respectively, and are effective in adult patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis but have different dosing regimens., OBJECTIVES: To compare directly the efficacy and safety of risankizumab vs. secukinumab over 52 weeks., METHODS: IMMerge was an international, phase III, multicentre, open-label, efficacy-assessor-blinded, active-comparator study, in which adult patients with chronic, moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis were randomized in a 1 : 1 ratio to treatment with risankizumab 150 mg or secukinumab 300 mg. Primary efficacy endpoints were the proportions of patients achieving >= 90% improvement from baseline in Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI 90) at week 16 (noninferiority comparison with margin of 12%) and week 52 (superiority comparison)., RESULTS: In total 327 patients from nine countries were treated with risankizumab (n = 164) or secukinumab (n = 163). Risankizumab was noninferior to secukinumab in the proportion of patients achieving PASI 90 at week 16 [73.8% vs. 65.6%; difference of 8.2%, 96.25% confidence interval (CI)-2.2 to 18.6; within the 12% noninferiority margin] and superior to secukinumab at week 52 (86.6% vs. 57.1%; difference of 29.8%, 95% CI 20.8-38.8; P < 0.001), thus meeting both primary endpoints. All secondary endpoints (PASI 100, static Physician's Global Assessment 0 or 1, and PASI 75) at week 52 demonstrated superiority for risankizumab vs. secukinumab (P < 0.001). No new safety concerns were identified., CONCLUSIONS: At week 52, risankizumab demonstrated superior efficacy and similar safety with less frequent dosing compared with secukinumab. Copyright © 2020 British Association of Dermatologists.
Rapid and sustained improvements in patient-reported signs and symptoms with ixekizumab in biologic-naive and TNF-inadequate responder patients with psoriatic arthritis.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To analyse the onset and sustainability of patient-reported improvements in symptoms of psoriatic arthritis (PsA) following treatment with ixekizumab (IXE) up to Week 108., METHODS: In patients with active PsA, either naive to biological DMARDs (SPIRIT-P1) or having inadequate response or intolerance to 1 or 2 prior TNF-inhibitors (TNFi-experienced; SPIRIT-P2), we analysed the change from baseline in joint pain visual analogue scale (VAS; 0-100 scale), patient global assessment (PatGA VAS; 0-100 scale), fatigue numerical rating scale (NRS; 0 [no fatigue] to 10 [worst imaginable]), and Health Assessment Questionnaire-Disability Index (HAQ-DI; 0-3), up to Week 108., RESULTS: IXE-treated patients compared to placebo reported rapid and statistically significant improvement in pain VAS, PatGA, and HAQ-DI as early as Week 1 and this benefit was sustained or increased through Week 108. Fatigue scores improved in IXE-treated patients compared to placebo in both studies; results were statistically significant at Week 24 only in SPIRIT-P2. Improvements in fatigue with IXE were sustained over 2 years. The improvements observed in these patient-reported outcomes (PROs) were consistent in biologic-naive or TNFi-experienced patients., CONCLUSIONS: Patients treated with IXE versus PBO achieved significantly greater improvements and showed faster onset of improvements in patient-reported outcomes measuring symptoms and impact of PsA. Responses were sustained over 2 years and were generally consistent regardless of prior TNFi experience.
Long-term safety of certolizumab pegol in plaque psoriasis: pooled analysis over 3 years from three phase III, randomized, placebo-controlled studies.$$$ BACKGROUND: Certolizumab pegol (CZP) is an Fc-free, PEGylated anti-tumour necrosis factor biologic., OBJECTIVES: To report 3-year safety data from three phase III trials of CZP in adults with plaque psoriasis., METHODS: Data were pooled from CIMPASI-1 (NCT02326298), CIMPASI-2 (NCT02326272) and CIMPACT (NCT02346240). Included patients had moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis of >= 6 months' duration; had been randomized to CZP 200 mg every 2 weeks (Q2W) (400 mg at weeks 0, 2 and 4) or CZP 400 mg Q2W; and had received at least one dose of CZP with up to 144 weeks of exposure. Treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) were classified using MedDRA v18.1. Reported incidence rates (IRs) are incidence of new cases per 100 patient-years (PY)., RESULTS: Over 144 weeks, 995 patients received at least one dose of CZP (exposure: 2231.3 PY); 731 and 728 received at least one dose of CZP 200 mg Q2W (1211.4 PY) and/or 400 mg Q2W (1019.9 PY), respectively. The IR [95% confidence interval (CI)] of TEAEs was 144.9 (135.3-155.0) for all patients, 134.1 (123.2-145.7) for CZP 200 mg Q2W and 158.3 (145.5-171.9) for CZP 400 mg Q2W. The IR (95% CI) of serious TEAEs for all patients was 7.5 (6.4-8.8); the IRs were 6.7 (5.2-8.3) and 8.7 (6.9-10.8) for CZP 200 mg and 400 mg Q2W, respectively. Overall, 3.2% of patients reported serious infections (2.2% within each of the CZP 200 and 400 mg Q2W groups). Overall, there was one case of active tuberculosis, 16 malignancies in 14 patients and seven deaths (two considered treatment-related). The cumulative IR of TEAEs did not increase over time., CONCLUSIONS: No new safety signals were identified compared with previously reported data. Risk did not increase with longer or higher CZP exposure. Copyright © 2020 The Authors. British Journal of Dermatology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of British Association of Dermatologists.
Efficacy and safety of switching from reference adalimumab to SB5 in a real-life cohort of inflammatory rheumatic joint diseases.$$$ OBJECTIVE: SB5 showed comparable efficacy and safety profile in respect to adalimumab originator (ADA) in randomized clinical trials of rheumatoid arthritis (RA) and psoriasis. We aimed to describe the efficacy and safety of SB5 after switching from ADA in RA, axial spondyloarthritis (axSpA), psoriatic arthritis (PsA) and juvenile idiopathic arthritis (JIA) patients., METHOD: Adult RA, PsA, axSpA, JIA patients treated with ADA for at least 6 months, switched to SB5 in stable clinical conditions, were eligible. Data on safety, activity indexes and patient-reported outcomes were collected at baseline, 3 and 6 months after switching., RESULTS: Eighty-two patients (19 RA, 28 PsA, 32 axSpA and 3 JIA; 45 females, mean age 54 +/- 14 years, disease duration 13 +/- 7 years, ADA duration 6 +/- 3 years) were enrolled. RA patients showed stable conditions, while PsA patients showed an increase in both HAQ, DAS28(CRP) and DAPSA and axSpA patients an increase in VAS pain, VAS patient disease activity and ASDAS, both at 3 months. There were changes in the concomitant medications profile, with regression of activity indexes increases at 6 months. Adverse events were reported by 33.7% patients at 3 months and 16.6% patients at 6 months, mostly disease flares and infectious events. Two patients stopped SB5., CONCLUSIONS: Despite temporary changes in the concomitant medication profile for mild disease flares, our real-life data replicate the safety profile of switching from ADA to SB5 in RA, with additional data for its applicability in PsA and axSpA patients, further supporting switching to biosimilars in treating inflammatory rheumatic conditions. Key Points * Switching from adalimumab originator to SB5 is feasible in real life rheumatic inflammatory joint diseases. * Mild disease flares can present after switching from originator adalimumab to SB5, in particular in axial spondyloarthritis and psoriatic arthritis. * Changes in concomitant medications profile allows the control of minor disease flares presenting after switching from adalimumab originator to SB5.
Secukinumab shows high and sustained efficacy in nail psoriasis: 2.5-year results from the randomized placebo-controlled TRANSFIGURE study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Secukinumab, a fully human monoclonal antibody that selectively neutralizes interleukin-17A, a cornerstone cytokine in psoriasis, has shown long-lasting efficacy and safety in the complete spectrum of psoriasis manifestations., OBJECTIVES: To report the long-term (2.5-year) efficacy and safety of secukinumab in nail psoriasis., METHODS: TRANSFIGURE, a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, parallel-group, multicentre phase IIIb study in 198 patients, investigated secukinumab 150 mg and 300 mg in patients with moderate-to-severe nail psoriasis., RESULTS: At week 16, the primary endpoint Nail Psoriasis Severity Index (NAPSI) was met, demonstrating superiority of secukinumab to placebo. The effect was sustained over 2.5 years with a large benefit for nail clearance, with mean NAPSI improvement of -73.3% and -63.6% with secukinumab 300 mg and 150 mg, respectively. At 2.5 years, secukinumab demonstrated sustained clinically significant reductions in total mean Nail Assessment in Psoriasis and Psoriatic Arthritis (NAPPA) quality-of-life (QoL) scores of -52.4% and -18.1%, and 70% and 71% of patients achieved a weighted NAPPA Patient Benefit Index global score of >= 2 with secukinumab 300 mg and 150 mg, respectively. Patients showed considerable improvements in the EuroQol 5-Dimension health status questionnaire at 2.5 years, reporting a decrease in pain and discomfort. No new safety findings were observed., CONCLUSIONS: Secukinumab demonstrated strong and clinically meaningful efficacy for up to 2.5 years in nail psoriasis, with significant sustained QoL improvements and a favourable safety profile. Copyright © 2020 British Association of Dermatologists.
Meta-analysis results do not reflect the real safety of biologics in psoriasis.$$$ BACKGROUND: In reported systematic reviews and meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) assessing treatments for psoriasis, the proportion of serious adverse events (SAEs) did not differ between treatments and placebo. Including cases of psoriasis worsening as SAEs may explain the lack of difference., OBJECTIVES: This systematic review and meta-analysis aimed to explore this possibility., METHODS: Among the 140 RCTs included in the Living Network Cochrane Review (last search on 8 May 2019), we selected those comparing a biologic treatment against placebo. The primary outcome was the numbers of SAEs in the treatment and placebo arms after excluding cases of psoriasis worsening. Secondary outcomes were the number of adverse events (AEs) of special interest. The trial was registered on PROSPERO (CRD42019124495)., RESULTS: We analysed 51 RCTs. Of these, 21 included at least one anti-tumour necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha arm, 15 one anti-interleukin (IL)-17 arm, 11 one anti-IL-23 arm and nine one anti-IL-12/23 arm. With cases of psoriasis worsening included, the risk of occurrence of SAEs between biologic treatments and placebo did not differ: risk ratio (RR) 1.09, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.88-1.36. After excluding cases of psoriasis worsening, the RR became significant (RR 1.30, 95% CI 1.02-1.65). By drug class, the RRs were for anti-TNF-alpha, 1.68 (95% CI 1.11-2.54; no missing data); anti-IL-17, 1.28 (95% CI 0.88-1.85; no missing data); anti-IL-23, 0.95 (95% CI 0.59-1.52; no missing data) and anti-IL-12/23, 1.18 (95% CI 0.72-1.94; no missing data). We were unable to examine potential differences in AEs of special interest between biologic treatments and placebo arms because of the small number of events., CONCLUSIONS: On excluding cases of worsening psoriasis, the risk of occurrence of SAEs is higher in the biologic than in the placebo arm. Given the rare events, we could not highlight whether this higher risk of SAEs was related to AEs of special interest. Reporting of SAEs in clinical trials has to be changed to provide more transparency through the separate reporting of disease flares leading to hospital admission and other SAEs. Copyright © 2020 British Association of Dermatologists.
Disparate effects of adalimumab and fumaric acid esters on cardiovascular risk factors in psoriasis patients: results from a prospective, randomized, observer-blinded head-to-head trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: The effect of adalimumab and fumaric acid esters (FAE) on the cardiovascular risk associated with psoriasis has only been investigated scarcely in randomized controlled studies., OBJECTIVE: The aim of this prospective, randomized controlled head-to-head trial was to compare the influence of adalimumab and FAE on cardiovascular disease markers in psoriasis patients., METHODS: Sixty-five patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis were randomly assigned to adalimumab or FAE treatment for 6 months. Cardiovascular haemodynamic parameters [flow-mediated dilation (FMD), nitro-glycerine mediated dilation (NMD) and carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT), blood pressure] were assessed at baseline (v0) and after 6 months (v6). Cutaneous disease severity, inflammatory and lipid cardiovascular risk markers were analysed at baseline(v0), after 3 (v3) and 6 months (v6)., RESULTS: After 6 months of treatment FMD in the adalimumab group increased significantly [v0 5.9% (6.4% SD), v6 8.0% (4.8% SD), P = 0.048) but not in the FAE group. (v0 7.0% (4.1% SD), v6 8.4% (6.1% SD), P = 0.753]. This was paralleled by a significant decrease of high sensitive C-reactive protein (hsCRP) in the adalimumab group in comparison to the FAE group (v0: 0.39 mg/dL (0.38 SD), v6: 0.39 mg/dL (0.48 SD), P = 0.043). No significant changes were observed in any other haemodynamic parameters. FAE, however, additionally decreased total cholesterol (P = 0.046) and apolipoprotein B (P = 0.041) levels compared to adalimumab. Mean Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (psoriasis area severity score) reduction was greater but not significant (P = 0.116) under adalimumab treatment compared to FAE treatment [-71.1% (29.9 SD) vs. -54.6% (45.7%)]., CONCLUSION: In our study, both treatments were documented to exert effects on the cardiovascular system. While adalimumab showed anti-inflammatory effects and improved FMD, FAE interacted favourably with the cholesterol metabolism. Copyright © 2020 European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
Secukinumab maintains superiority over ustekinumab in clearing skin and improving quality of life in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: 52-week results from a double-blind phase 3b trial (CLARITY).$$$ BACKGROUND: Secukinumab demonstrated superior efficacy over ustekinumab in the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis over 16 weeks in the CLARITY study and over 52 weeks in the CLEAR study., OBJECTIVE: To compare the efficacy and safety of secukinumab vs. ustekinumab over 52 weeks in CLARITY., METHODS: Analysis of 52-week data from CLARITY (NCT02826603), a phase 3b study in which patients were randomized to receive secukinumab 300 mg (n = 550) or ustekinumab 45/90 mg (n = 552) per label., RESULTS: At week 52, secukinumab was superior to ustekinumab in the proportion of patients who achieved >= 90% improvement in Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (73.2% vs. 59.8%; odds ratio [OR], 1.84 [95% CI, 1.41-2.41]; P < 0.0001), Investigator's Global Assessment modified 2011 responses of clear (0) or almost clear (1) skin (76.0% vs. 60.2%; OR, 2.12 [95% CI, 1.61-2.79]; P < 0.0001) and Dermatology Life Quality Index response of no effect (0/1) (69.9% vs. 61.2%; P = 0.0028). Proportions of patients with any adverse events were comparable between treatment arms., CONCLUSIONS: This second head-to-head study confirmed the superior efficacy of secukinumab over ustekinumab in skin clearance and quality of life through 52 weeks, with safety comparable to that reported in previous trials. Clinicaltrials.gov identifier: NCT02826603. Copyright © 2020 The Authors. Journal of the European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
Low Incidence of Inflammatory Bowel Disease Adverse Events in Adalimumab Clinical Trials Across Nine Different Diseases.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Adalimumab is approved for treatment of Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis. Thus, we postulated that exacerbation or new-onset of inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) would be rare events in patients treated with adalimumab for non-IBD indications. The objective was to evaluate the incidence of IBD adverse events (AEs) across adalimumab trials., METHODS: IBD AE rates in 75 adalimumab clinical trials in rheumatoid arthritis, polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis, pediatric enthesitis-related arthritis, uveitis, hidradenitis suppurativa, adult and pediatric psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis, nonpsoriatic arthritis peripheral spondyloarthritis (SpA), axial SpA, including nonradiographic axial SpA, and ankylosing spondylitis, were analyzed. Search terms for IBD AEs (new onset or worsening/flare) included IBD, ulcerative colitis, Crohn's disease, and ulcerative proctitis., RESULTS: This analysis included 24,114 patients, representing 36,508 patient-years of adalimumab exposure. The overall rate of IBD AEs in adalimumab-treated patients was 0.1 (95% confidence interval [95% CI] 0.1-0.2)/100 patient-years (41 events), ranging from no events (psoriatic arthritis, uveitis, and pediatric trials) to 0.8 (95% CI 0.2-2.2)/100 patient-years in peripheral SpA. The rate of IBD in axial SpA was 0.6 (95% CI 0.4-1.0)/100 patient-years. During placebo-controlled trials, the overall IBD rate was 0.1 (95% CI 0.0-0.3)/100 patient-years for adalimumab groups (3 events in 6,781 patients; 2,752 patient-years of exposure) and 0.1 (95% CI 0.0-0.4)/100 patient-years for placebo groups (1 event in 3,493 patients; 1,246 patient-years of exposure). IBD rates in axial SpA were 0.5 (95% CI 0.1-1.4)/100 patient-years for adalimumab and 0.6 (95% CI 0.0-3.1)/100 patient-years for placebo., CONCLUSION: The rates of IBD AEs in adalimumab clinical trials were generally low across the evaluated diseases, including axial SpA; all events occurred in adult patients. Copyright © 2020 The Authors. Arthritis Care & Research published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of American College of Rheumatology.
Secukinumab Efficacy in Psoriatic Arthritis: Machine Learning and Meta-analysis of Four Phase 3 Trials.$$$ BACKGROUND: Using a machine learning approach, the study investigated if specific baseline characteristics could predict which psoriatic arthritis (PsA) patients may gain additional benefit from a starting dose of secukinumab 300 mg over 150 mg. We also report results from individual patient efficacy meta-analysis (IPEM) in 2049 PsA patients from the FUTURE 2 to 5 studies to evaluate the efficacy of secukinumab 300 mg, 150 mg with and without loading regimen versus placebo at week 16 on achievement of several clinically relevant difficult-to-achieve (higher hurdle) endpoints., METHODS: Machine learning employed Bayesian elastic net to analyze baseline data of 2148 PsA patients investigating 275 predictors. For IPEM, results were presented as difference in response rates versus placebo at week 16., RESULTS: Machine learning showed secukinumab 300 mg has additional benefits in patients who are anti-tumor necrosis factor-naive, treated with 1 prior anti-tumor necrosis factor agent, not receiving methotrexate, with enthesitis at baseline, and with shorter PsA disease duration. For IPEM, at week 16, all secukinumab doses had greater treatment effect (%) versus placebo for higher hurdle endpoints in the overall population and in all subgroups; 300-mg dose had greater treatment effect than 150 mg for all endpoints in overall population and most subgroups., CONCLUSIONS: Machine learning identified predictors for additional benefit of secukinumab 300 mg compared with 150 mg dose. Individual patient efficacy meta-analysis showed that secukinumab 300 mg provided greater improvements compared with 150 mg in higher hurdle efficacy endpoints in patients with active PsA in the overall population and most subgroups with various levels of baseline disease activity and psoriasis. Copyright © 2020 The Author(s). Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc.
Secukinumab rapidly improves EQ-5D health status in patients with psoriasis: Pooled analysis from four phase 3 trials.$$$ BACKGROUND: Patients with psoriasis experience decreased health-related quality of life due to physical and psychological burdens., OBJECTIVE: To assess the effect of a highly effective psoriasis treatment (secukinumab) on domains of the 3-level EuroQol 5 Dimensions questionnaire (EQ-5D-3L) in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis who reported problems at baseline., METHODS: This pooled analysis of four phase 3 clinical trials (ERASURE [NCT01365455], FIXTURE [NCT01358578], FEATURE [NCT01555125], and JUNCTURE [NCT01636687]) included patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis randomized to receive placebo or secukinumab 300 mg and who reported problems in the EQ-5D-3L domains of mobility, self-care, usual activities, pain/discomfort, or anxiety/depression at baseline. Percentage of patients reporting problems in each domain were compared at Weeks 4, 8, and 12 between patients receiving secukinumab 300 mg and placebo., RESULTS: At baseline, 570 patients receiving secukinumab 300 mg and 579 receiving placebo reported >=1 problem in the EQ-5D-3L domains. Patients receiving secukinumab 300 mg reported improvements in all 5 domains at Weeks 4, 8, and 12 compared with placebo (all p < .0001)., CONCLUSION: These findings provide additional evidence of the quality-of-life impairment in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis and highlight the improvement across all EQ-5D-3L domains among patients treated with secukinumab.
Consistent response to guselkumab treatment between Hispanic and non-Hispanic patients with psoriasis: an analysis from VOYAGE 1 and VOYAGE 2.$$$ INTRODUCTION: In VOYAGE 1 (NCT02207231) and VOYAGE 2 (NCT02207244), guselkumab, an interleukin-23 blocker, was safe and effective in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis., METHODS: Patients who self-identified as Hispanic (n = 117) or non-Hispanic (n = 1686) were randomized to guselkumab, placebo, or adalimumab. Efficacy assessments included Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI), Investigator's Global Assessment (IGA), and Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI)., RESULTS: At week 16, treatment differences for guselkumab versus placebo in the Hispanic and non-Hispanic populations were 67.4 (95% confidence interval 50.4, 84.4) and 77.2 (73.5, 80.8) percentage points for IGA 0/1 and 59.2 (41.9, 76.4) and 69.2 (65.7, 72.7) percentage points for PASI 90, respectively. Treatment differences for guselkumab versus adalimumab were 25.9 (6.5, 45.3) and 17.5 (12.8, 22.3) percentage points for IGA 0/1 and 21.4 (-0.1, 42.9) and 23.5 (18.2, 28.9) percentage points for PASI 90, respectively. Week 24 results were similar. Adverse event frequency was greater in adalimumab- versus guselkumab-treated patients in the Hispanic population only through weeks 16 and 28. In both populations, DLQI 0/1 responses were greater in guselkumab-treated versus placebo- and adalimumab-treated patients at week 16 and versus adalimumab-treated patients at week 24., CONCLUSIONS: Guselkumab safety and efficacy were consistent between Hispanic and non-Hispanic populations.
Achievement of the National Psoriasis Foundation treatment targets with ixekizumab: Pooled analyses from 4 clinical studies.$$$ BACKGROUND: The National Psoriasis Foundation (NPF) published treatment targets for US patients with plaque psoriasis. However, data are lacking on how well existing therapies help achieve these goals., OBJECTIVE: To examine the ability of an interleukin 17 inhibitor, ixekizumab, in achieving these treatment targets., METHODS: Post hoc analysis was performed on pooled data from 4 phase III clinical trials assessing ixekizumab for plaque psoriasis: the UNCOVER-1, -2, and -3 trials and the IXORA-S trial. Treatment response was evaluated using the NPF-defined acceptable response (affected body surface area [BSA] of 3% or less or BSA improvement of 75% or higher at 12 weeks of treatment) and target response (BSA of 1% or less at 12 weeks and every 6 months thereafter)., RESULTS: In the UNCOVER trials (n = 2701), acceptable and target response rates at week 12 were 73.9% and 51.8% with ixekizumab 80 mg every 2 weeks, 35.7% and 14.9% with etanercept 50 mg, and 3.0% and 0.6% with placebo, respectively. In the IXORA-S trial (n = 302), acceptable and target response rates at week 12 were significantly higher with ixekizumab every 2 weeks versus ustekinumab (acceptable response 68.4% vs 38.6%, P < .0001; target response 50.7% vs 24.1%, P < .0001)., LIMITATIONS: Data were from controlled studies and may not reflect real-world practice., CONCLUSION: The majority of patients treated with ixekizumab in 4 phase III clinical trials achieved NPF, patient-centered treatment targets. Copyright © 2021 American Academy of Dermatology, Inc. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The Efficacy and Evidence-Based Use of Biologics in Children and Adolescents: Using Monoclonal Antibodies and Fusion Proteins as Treatments.$$$ BACKGROUND: Monoclonal antibodies (mAb) and fusion proteins (FP) are increasingly being used in children and adolescents. In this review, we analyze the evidence for their safety and efficacy in the treatment of the most common chronic inflammatory diseases., METHODS: We systematically searched PubMed, AWMF.org, and other databases for high-quality trials (i.e., randomized controlled trials with clinical primary endpoints) and guidelines published at any time up to 10 December 2018 that dealt with mAb and FP that are approved for pediatric use. The search term was "monoclonal anti- body/fusion protein [e. g. adalimumab] AND children.", RESULTS: The 620 hits included 25 high-quality trials (20 of them manufacturer- sponsored) on 9 mAb/FP (omalizumab, adalimumab, etanercept, ustekinumab, infliximab, golimumab, anakinra, canakinumab, tocilizumab, and abatacept), as well as 6 guidelines (3 each of levels S3 and S2k) on the treatment of bronchial asthma, psoriasis, juvenile idopathic arthritis, and chronic inflammatory bowel diseases. For none of these conditions are mAb and FP the drugs of first choice. Adverse drug effects are rare but sometimes severe (infection, immune dysregulation, tumors)., CONCLUSION: The retrieved trials have deficiencies that make it difficult to reliably evaluate the efficacy, safety, and utility of mAb/FP for children and adolescents with chronic inflammatory diseases. mAb/FP nonetheless represent a treatment option to be considered in case conventional immune-modulating drugs are ineffective. Researcher-initiated, high-quality trials and manufacturer-independent, systematic long-term evaluations of adverse effects (e.g., tumors) are sorely needed.
Tumor necrosis factor inhibitors are associated with reduced complement activation in spondylarthropathies: An observational study.$$$ BACKGROUND: The complement system is involved in pathogenesis of cardiovascular disease, and might play a role in accelerated atherogenesis in spondylarthropathies (SpA). Hence, we examined complement activation in SpA, and its relationship to antirheumatic treatment, inflammatory and cardiovascular markers., METHODS: From PSARA, a prospective observational study, we examined 51 SpA patients (31 psoriatic arthritis (PsA), and 20 ankylosing spondylitis (AS)), starting tumor necrosis factor (TNF) inhibitor alone (n = 25), combined with methotrexate (MTX) (n = 10), or MTX monotherapy (n = 16). Complement activation was determined by the soluble terminal complement complex (sC5b-9), inflammation by erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR) and C-reactive protein (CRP), and endothelial function by finger plethysmography (Endopat) at baseline, after 6 weeks and 6 months of treatment., RESULTS: SpA patients had sC5b-9 levels at (PsA) or above (AS) the upper limit of the estimated reference range. Median sC5b-9 levels decreased significantly from baseline to 6 weeks, with no significant difference between the AS and PsA group. Notably, a significant reduction in sC5b-9 was observed after administration of TNF inhibitor +/- MTX, whereas no significant changes were observed in patients treated with MTX alone. Between 6 weeks and 6 months, sC5b-9 remained stable across all subgroups. Reduction in sC5b-9 was independently related to decreased ESR and CRP, and to increased high density cholesterol and total cholesterol. Reduction in sC5b-9 from baseline to 6 weeks was associated with improved EF in age and gender adjusted analyses., CONCLUSION: TNF-inhibition, but not MTX monotherapy, led to rapid and sustained reduction of complement activation in SpA. Thus, the observed decrease in cardiovascular morbidity in patients treated with TNF-inhibitors might be partly due to its beneficial effect on complement., TRIAL REGISTRATION: Clinical Trials (NCT00902005), retrospectively registered on the 14th of May 2009.
Ixekizumab and complete resolution of enthesitis and dactylitis: integrated analysis of two phase 3 randomized trials in psoriatic arthritis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Ixekizumab improves signs/symptoms of psoriatic arthritis (PsA). We present an integrated analysis of baseline disease burden and post-baseline outcomes in ixekizumab-treated patients with enthesitis or dactylitis., METHODS: Data from SPIRIT-P1 and SPIRIT-P2 were integrated. Patients with PsA were randomized to 80-mg ixekizumab every 4 weeks (IXEQ4W) or 2 weeks (IXEQ2W), after a 160-mg starting dose, or to placebo. Inadequate responders at week 16 received rescue therapy. Among patients with baseline enthesitis (Leeds Enthesitis Index [LEI] > 0) or dactylitis (Leeds Dactylitis Index-Basic [LDI-B] > 0), baseline characteristics and disease burden were reported. At week 24, LEI and LDI-B (percentage of patients with resolution [LEI = 0, LDI-B = 0]) were assessed. In pooled treatment groups, the impact of enthesitis or dactylitis resolution on health-related quality of life (HRQoL) (EuroQol-5 Dimensions Visual Analogue Scale [EQ-5D VAS]), physical function (Health Assessment Questionnaire-Disability Index [HAQ-DI]), and pain was assessed., RESULTS: The integrated analysis set comprised 679 patients; of these, 60% (n = 403 of 675) had baseline enthesitis (LEI > 0) and 23% (n = 155 of 676) had baseline dactylitis (LDI > 0). At week 24, ixekizumab-treated patients experienced significantly more resolution than placebo of enthesitis (39% IXEQ4W, 35% IXEQ2W, 21% placebo) and dactylitis (78% IXEQ4W, 65% IXEQ2W, 24% placebo). Furthermore, at entheseal points measured by the LEI, ixekizumab-treated patients had significantly higher resolution of enthesitis compared to placebo. At week 24, among all placebo- and ixekizumab-treated patients, resolution of enthesitis was associated with improvements in function and HRQoL whereas dactylitis resolution was associated with more limited improvements. The least squares mean HAQ-DI improvements from baseline were - 0.44 and - 0.25 for patients who did/did not resolve enthesitis, and - 0.41 and - 0.31 for patients who did/did not resolve dactylitis. EQ-5D VAS improvements were 12.3 and 5.8 for patients who did/did not resolve enthesitis, and 10.8 and 9.8 for patients who did/did not resolve dactylitis., CONCLUSIONS: Among patients with pre-existing enthesitis or dactylitis, IXEQ2W- and IXEQ4W-treatment resulted in significant improvements in enthesitis and dactylitis. Enthesitis resolution was associated with improvements in patients' function, pain, and HRQoL., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT01695239 , registered on September 25, 2012, and NCT02349295 , registered on October 10, 2014.
A standardization approach to compare treatment safety and effectiveness outcomes between clinical trials and real-world populations in psoriasis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Patients recruited in randomized controlled trials (RCTs) for biologic therapies in psoriasis are not fully representative of the real-world psoriasis population., OBJECTIVES: Firstly, to investigate whether patient characteristics are associated with being included in a psoriasis RCT. Secondly, to estimate the differences in the incidence of severe adverse events (SAEs) and the response rate between RCT and real-world populations of patients on biologic therapies for psoriasis using a standardization method., METHODS: Data from the British Association of Dermatologists Biologics and Immunomodulators Register (BADBIR) were appended to individual participant-level data from two RCTs assessing ustekinumab in patients with psoriasis. Baseline variables were assessed for association of being in an RCT using a multivariable logistic regression model. Propensity score weights were derived to reweigh the registry population so that variables had the distribution of the trial population. We measured the C-statistic of the model with trial status as the dependent variable, and the risk differences in the incidence rate of SAEs in the first year and Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) after 6 months in the BADBIR cohort before and after weighting., RESULTS: In total 6790 registry and 2021 RCT participants were included. The multivariable logistic regression model had a C-statistic of 0.82 [95% confidence interval (CI) 0.81-0.83]. The risk differences for the incidence rate of SAEs and the proportion of patients with PASI < 1.5 were 9.27 (95% CI -3.91-22.5) per 1000 person-years and 0.95 (95% CI -1.98-4.15), respectively., CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that RCTs of biologic therapies in patients with psoriasis are not fully representative of the real-world population, but this lack of external validity does not account for the efficacy-effectiveness gap. What's already known about this topic? Patients with psoriasis who would not be eligible for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) investigating biologic therapies have a greater risk of serious adverse events and lower treatment effectiveness than patients who would have been eligible. What does this study add? Baseline patient characteristics were shown to be predictive of whether a patient would have been eligible for enrolment in an RCT for psoriasis biologic therapy. We did not find any efficacy-effectiveness gap between the sample representative of the real-world population of patients with psoriasis and the sample representative of the RCT population. Factors outside of baseline patient characteristics, such as observer effect and higher adherence in RCTs, may be more influential in any efficacy-effectiveness gap between trial and real-world populations of patients with psoriasis. Copyright © 2019 The Authors. British Journal of Dermatology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of British Association of Dermatologists.
Guselkumab Efficacy after Withdrawal Is Associated with Suppression of Serum IL-23-Regulated IL-17 and IL-22 in Psoriasis: VOYAGE 2 Study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Guselkumab selectively inhibits IL-23 and in psoriasis, produces high clinical responses, including durable maintenance after treatment withdrawal in some patients. The relationships between IL-23 blockade, serum markers downstream of IL-23 signaling, and withdrawal were explored with guselkumab in VOYAGE 2., METHODS: At week 28, patients with >=90% Psoriasis Area and Severity Index improvement from baseline (PASI 90) were rerandomized to withdrawal and received placebo (n = 182), or maintenance therapy (n = 193). The guselkumab withdrawal group reinitiated guselkumab upon loss of >=50% of week- 28 PASI improvement or by week 72. Cytokine changes associated with psoriasis recurrence (serum IL-17A, IL-17F, IL-22, and IL-23) after withdrawal were evaluated., RESULTS: Efficacy in the guselkumab maintenance group was sustained through week 72, whereas efficacy diminished in the guselkumab withdrawal group (PASI 90, 86.0% vs. 11.5%). After 20 weeks of retreatment, 80.4% of guselkumab withdrawal patients achieved PASI 90 responses versus baseline. Maintenance of response after withdrawal was associated with suppression of IL-17A, IL-17F, and IL-22. Increases in cytokine levels had poor predictive power for psoriasis reoccurrence as these increases lagged behind increases in PASI scores., CONCLUSION: Upon guselkumab withdrawal, most patients lost clinical response and regained responses with retreatment. Correlation of IL-23 signaling serum cytokines increased with disease recurrence, supporting the role of IL-23 in expansion and maintenance of CD4+ T helper type 17, T helper type 22, and related CD8+ T-cell subsets producing IL-17A, IL-17F, and IL-22. Copyright © 2019 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Short-term effect and safety of a new generation of monoclonal antibodies targeting interleukin-23p19 for treatment of psoriasis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.$$$ The effect and safety of monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) targeting the interleukin-23 (IL-23) p19 subunit for treatment of psoriasis has not previously been systematically evaluated. To perform a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials (RCTs) (including Phase I-III trials) to evaluate the efficacy and safety of these mAbs for treatment of psoriasis. The databases of PubMed, Baidu Scholar, and Cochrane Library of Clinical Trials were searched from inception of the databases to January 1st, 2018. A systematic review and meta-analysis was conducted using Review Manager Software version 5.3 (RevMan 5.3). Nine RCTs with a total of 2,478 subjects met our inclusion criteria. A significant increase in PASI 75 (RR: 11.65; 95% CI: 9.01-15.06), PASI 90 (RR: 21.74; 95% CI: 14.28-33.10), PASI 100 (RR: 31.56; 95% CI: 14.66-67.96), PGA 0/1 (OR: 23.21; 95% CI: 14.61-36.89), and DLQI 0/1 (RR: 10.29; 95% CI: 7.52-14.09) was identified for anti-IL-23p19 mAb vs. placebo, and PASI 75 (RR: 1.25; 95% CI: 1.18-1.32), PASI 90 (OR: 2.56; 95% CI: 2.13-3.09), PASI 100 (OR: 2.38, 95% CI: 1.89-2.99), and DLQI 0/1 (RR: 1.33; 95% CI: 1.20-1.47) vs. tumour necrosis factor (TNF) antagonists for the treatment of psoriasis. Furthermore, there was no significant difference in adverse events between placebo and TNF antagonists. Anti-IL-23p19 mAbs are effective with acceptable safety as therapy for psoriasis, and may be superior to TNF antagonists. More RCTs with a larger sample size are required to verify the current findings.
Quality of Life in Psoriasis Vulgaris: Use of the ItchyQoL Question-naire in a Secukinumab Phase III Trial in Patients with Psoriasis Vulgaris.$$$ Chronic pruritus is a bothersome symptom in psoriasis vulgaris and can profoundly reduce quality of life (QoL). In this exploratory analysis of the PSORITUS study, the impact of pruritus on QoL in 130 subjects with moderate-to-severe psoriasis was assessed using the ItchyQoL questionnaire. The majority of patients (n = 127) had to scratch their itchy skin regularly, which led to painful skin and frustration (mean +/- standard deviation; SD ItchyQoL scores; 4.50 +/- 0.56; 3.80 +/- 1.09 and 4.20 +/- 0.87, respectively). Changes in either temperature or season led to a worsening of itching in most of the patients (n = 126; mean +/- SD ItchyQoL score; 3.80 +/- 1.02). Many patients felt ashamed (n = 125) or embarrassed (n = 127) due to their itchy skin (mean +/- SD ItchyQoL scores; 3.90 +/- 1.26 and 3.40 +/- 1.19, respectively). The results demonstrated the ItchyQoL questionnaire as a validated tool responsive to treatment for detailed insights into chronic pruritus in patients with psoriasis.
Disease interception with interleukin-17 inhibition in high-risk psoriasis patients with subclinical joint inflammation-data from the prospective IVEPSA study.$$$ BACKGROUND: A specific subset of psoriasis patients is characterized by subclinical inflammatory changes. These patients frequently present with arthralgia and have a higher risk to develop psoriatic arthritis (PsA). We hypothesized that IL-17A inhibition in this subset of patients can intercept the link between skin and joint disease and resolves pain and inflammatory changes., METHODS: Psoriasis, but no PsA, patients were included in the open prospective exploratory Interception in very early PsA (IVEPSA) study. Patients had to have nail or scalp involvement or a high psoriasis area severity index (PASI) (> 6) as well as inflammatory or erosive changes in MRI or CT. Patients received treatment with the anti-interleukin (IL)-17A antibody secukinumab over 24 weeks. Clinical assessments of skin and joint disease were done at baseline and after 12 and 24 weeks, MRI and CT at baseline and after 24 weeks., RESULTS: Twenty patients were included, 85% of them reporting arthralgia and 40% had tender joints at the examination. Eighty-three percent had at least one inflammatory lesion in the MRI, most of them synovitis/enthesitis. Skin disease (PASI: p < 0.002; BSA: p < 0.003) and arthralgia (VAS pain: p < 0.003) significantly improved after 24 weeks. Total PsAMRIS (p = 0.005) and synovitis subscore (p = 0.008) also significantly improved. Erosions and enthesiophytes did not progress, while bone mass in the distal radius significantly (p = 0.020) increased after 24 weeks., CONCLUSIONS: These data suggest that very early disease interception in PsA is possible leading to a comprehensive decline in skin symptoms, pain, and subclinical inflammation. IVEPSA therefore provides rationale for future early interventions with the concept to prevent the onset of PsA in high-risk individuals., TRIAL REGISTRATION: Trial registry name PSARTROS; trial registry number: NCT02483234; June 26, 2015.
Secukinumab demonstrates superior efficacy and a faster response in clearing skin in Asian subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis compared with ustekinumab: Subgroup analysis from the CLEAR study.$$$ The 52-week results from the CLEAR (NCT02074982) study showed high and superior efficacy of secukinumab versus ustekinumab in clearing skin and improving patient-reported outcomes, with comparable safety profile in subjects with moderate to severe psoriasis. Here, we analyzed the efficacy and safety of secukinumab in Asian subjects from the CLEAR study. In this double-blind, phase IIIb study, eligible subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis were randomized (1:1) to receive s.c. injection of secukinumab 300 mg or ustekinumab as per label. Of 62 subjects included in Asian subanalyses, 23 were randomized to secukinumab and 39 to ustekinumab. A significantly higher proportion of subjects achieved 90% or more improvement in Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI 90) with secukinumab versus ustekinumab at week 16 (78.3% vs 35.9%, P = 0.0010) and at week 52 (60.9% vs 33.3%, P = 0.0196). Similarly, a higher proportion of subjects achieved PASI 100 with secukinumab versus ustekinumab at week 16 (43.5% vs 10.3%, P = 0.0029) and at week 52 (30.4% vs 12.8%, P = 0.0704). The median time to achieve 50% improvement in baseline PASI was 2.8 weeks in the secukinumab group versus 6.3 weeks in the ustekinumab group. The safety profile of secukinumab was in line with the known profile and no deaths occurred. Overall, 95.7% and 84.6% of subjects remained on secukinumab and ustekinumab, respectively. Similar to the core study, secukinumab showed sustained and superior efficacy with faster response versus ustekinumab, and no new or unexpected safety concerns were identified, in Asian subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. Copyright © 2019 Japanese Dermatological Association.
Addition or removal of concomitant methotrexate alters adalimumab effectiveness in rheumatoid arthritis but not psoriatic arthritis.$$$ Objective: Randomized trials have shown that concomitant methotrexate (MTX) augments the effectiveness of tumour necrosis factor (TNF) inhibitors in rheumatoid arthritis (RA), but its benefit in psoriatic arthritis (PsA) has not been demonstrated. The goal of this study was to examine whether the impact of concomitant MTX on therapeutic outcomes in patients with PsA was similar to its effects in RA. Methods: We used data from highly comparable and concurrent observational studies of patients with PsA (N = 1424) or RA (N = 3148) who initiated adalimumab therapy during routine clinical care. The 28-joint Disease Activity Score (DAS28) and patient-reported pain scores were evaluated in patients who received 24 months of continuous treatment with adalimumab monotherapy or adalimumab + MTX and in patients who initiated or stopped concomitant MTX during ongoing adalimumab therapy. Results: Twenty-four months of continuous treatment with adalimumab + MTX was superior to adalimumab monotherapy in RA patients, while no significant difference was observed in patients with PsA. RA patients who added MTX during the study showed significant individual improvements in DAS28 and pain scores at 6 months after the change in therapy, while those who removed MTX had slight increases in disease activity. In contrast, in patients with PsA, neither initiation nor removal of MTX during continuous adalimumab therapy had a significant effect on therapeutic outcomes. Conclusion: Addition of MTX to adalimumab confers further therapeutic benefit in patients with RA, but not in those with PsA, suggesting differences in MTX effects in these two patient populations. Clinicaltrials.gov NCT01078090, NCT01077258, NCT01111240.
Adalimumab for nail psoriasis: efficacy and safety over 52 weeks from a phase-3, randomized, placebo-controlled trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Few clinical trials have evaluated long-term treatment of nail psoriasis with biologics., OBJECTIVE: Safety and efficacy of adalimumab [ADA; Humira AbbVie Inc, North Chicago, IL, USA)] long-term treatment (52 weeks) was evaluated in a phase-3, randomized trial in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis and concomitant moderate-to-severe fingernail psoriasis. Results from the first 26 weeks (Period A) have been reported., METHODS: Patients receiving 40 mg ADA every other week or placebo in Period A, continued with or switched to 40 mg ADA every-other-week treatment in the subsequent 26-week open-label extension (OLE) period. Main efficacy evaluations were >=75% improvement in total-fingernail modified Nail Psoriasis Severity Index (mNAPSI 75) and achievement of Physician's Global Assessment for Fingernail Psoriasis of clear or minimal disease (PGA-F 0/1) with a >=2-grade improvement from baseline, across the trial for patients who continued ADA from Period A through the OLE (Continuous-ADA Population). Safety was evaluated during the OLE and for patients receiving ADA at any time during the study (All-ADA Population)., RESULTS: Of the 217 patients initially randomized in Period A, 188 (86.6%; 94 in each treatment group) entered the OLE after completion of or early escape from Period A. For the Continuous-ADA Population (N = 109), endpoint achievement rates improved from OLE entry (Week 26) to Week 52, including total-fingernail mNAPSI 75 (47.4-54.5%); PGA-F 0/1 (51.1-55.6%) and total-fingernail mNAPSI = 0 (6.6-17.9%). Serious adverse event and serious infection rates for the All-ADA Population (N = 203) were 6.9% and 3.4%, respectively., CONCLUSIONS: In this population of psoriasis patients with concomitant, moderate-to-severe nail psoriasis, long-term efficacy and improvement in signs and symptoms of nail disease were demonstrated after every-other-week ADA treatment, including incremental improvements in rate of total clearance of nail disease. No new safety risks were identified for patients receiving at least one ADA dose across 52 weeks. Copyright © 2019 The Authors. Journal of the European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
Latin American Clinical Practice Guidelines on the Systemic Treatment of Psoriasis SOLAPSO - Sociedad Latinoamericana de Psoriasis (Latin American Psoriasis Society).$$$ This Clinical Practice Guideline on the systemic treatment of Psoriasis includes the recommendations elaborated by a panel of experts from the Latin American Psoriasis Society SOLAPSO, who assessed the quality of the available evidence using the GRADE system and the PICO process to guide the literature search. To answer each question, the experts discussed the results of randomized controlled trials, observational studies and metanalysis evaluating the interventions identified (non-biologics, biologics and phototherapy) in different populations of patients with moderate to severe plaque-psoriasis, which was summarized in Tables ad-hoc. The main end-points considered to assess efficacy were PASI 50, 75, 90 and 100, PGA 0-1 and significant improvement of health-related quality of life. Specific adverse events, either severe or leading to treatment interruption, were also evaluated. The 31 recommendations included in this CPG follow the structure proposed by GRADE: direction (for or against) and strength (strong or weak). The goal of this CPG is to improve the management of patients with psoriasis by recommending interventions of proved benefit and providing a reference standard for the treating physician. Adhering to the contents of this CPG does not guarantee therapeutic success. The final decision on the specific treatment is the responsibility of the physician based on the individual circumstances and considering the values, the preferences and the opinions of the patient or caregivers. Copyright © 2019 The International Society of Dermatology.
Risankizumab compared with adalimumab in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis (IMMvent): a randomised, double-blind, active-comparator-controlled phase 3 trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Psoriasis is an autoimmune disease that affects approximately 100 million people worldwide, and is a disease that can be ameliorated by anti-cytokine treatment. We aimed to compare the efficacy and safety of risankizumab with adalimumab in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis., METHODS: IMMvent was a phase 3, randomised, double-blind, active-comparator-controlled trial completed at 66 clinics in 11 countries. Eligible patients were aged 18 years or older with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis. Patients were randomly assigned 1:1 using interactive response technology to receive 150 mg risankizumab subcutaneously at weeks 0 and 4 or 80 mg adalimumab subcutaneously at randomisation, then 40 mg at weeks 1, 3, 5, and every other week thereafter during a 16-week double-blind treatment period (part A). For weeks 16-44 (part B), adalimumab intermediate responders were re-randomised 1:1 to continue 40 mg adalimumab or switch to 150 mg risankizumab. In part A, participants and investigators were masked to study treatment. Randomisation was stratified by weight and previous tumour necrosis factor inhibitor exposure. Co-primary endpoints in part A were a 90% improvement from baseline (PASI 90) and a static Physician's Global Assessment (sPGA) score of 0 or 1 at week 16, and for part B was PASI 90 at week 44 (non-responder imputation). Efficacy analyses were done in the intention-to-treat population and safety analyses were done in the safety population (all patients who received at least one dose of study drug or placebo). This study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT02694523., FINDINGS: Between March 31, 2016, and Aug 24, 2017, 605 patients were randomly assigned to receive either risankizumab (n=301, 50%) or adalimumab (n=304, 50%). 294 (98%) of patients in the risankizumab group and 291 (96%) in the adalimumab group completed part A, and 51 (96%) of 53 patients re-randomised to risankizumab and 51 (91%) of 56 patients re-randomised to continue adalimumab completed part B. At week 16, PASI 90 was achieved in 218 (72%) of 301 patients given risankizumab and 144 (47%) of 304 patients given adalimumab (adjusted absolute difference 24.9% [95% CI 17.5-32.4]; p<0.0001), and sPGA scores of 0 or 1 were achieved in 252 (84%) patients given risankizumab and 252 (60%) patients given adalimumab (adjusted absolute difference 23.3% [16.6-30.1]; p<0.0001). In part B, among adalimumab intermediate responders, PASI 90 was achieved by 35 (66%) of 53 patients switched to risankizumab and 12 (21%) of 56 patients continuing adalimumab (adjusted absolute difference 45.0% [28.9-61.1]; p<0.0001) at week 44. Adverse events were reported in 168 (56%) of 301 patients given risankizumab and 179 (57%) of 304 patients given adalimumab in part A, and among adalimumab intermediate responders, adverse events were reported in 40 (75%) of 53 patients who switched to risankizumab and 37 (66%) of 56 patients who continued adalimumab in part B., INTERPRETATION: Risankizumab showed significantly greater efficacy than adalimumab in providing skin clearance in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. No additional safety concerns were identified for patients who switched from adalimumab to risankizumab. Treatment with risankizumab provides flexibility in the long-term treatment of psoriasis., FUNDING: AbbVie and Boehringer Ingelheim. Copyright © 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Comparative efficacy and safety of targeted DMARDs for active psoriatic arthritis during induction therapy: A systematic review and network meta-analysis.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To summarize and investigate the comparative efficacy and safety of targeted disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs (DMARDs) for active psoriatic arthritis (PsA)., METHODS: Randomized clinical trials (RCTs) evaluating efficacy and safety of targeted synthetic DMARDs (tofacitinib, apremilast) as well as biological DMARDs (guselkumab, ustekinumab, secukinumab, ixekizumab, brodalumab, clazakizumab, abatacept, adalimumab, etanercept, infliximab, certolizumab, and golimumab) were identified by systemic literature review. Traditional meta-analysis and network meta-analysis using a random effects model were performed to estimate pooled odds ratios (OR) and 95% CI to compare and rank these treatments according to ACR20 response, 75% improvement in psoriasis area and severity index (PASI75), numbers of adverse events (AE) and serious adverse events (SAE). Similar analyses were conducted among biologic-naive population and biologic-experienced/failed population., RESULTS: We deemed 29 RCTs eligible, including 10,204 participants and 17 treatments. During induction therapy (first 12-16 weeks), all treatments except clazakizumab were more efficacious than placebo in achieving ACR20 and PASI75. Although tofacitinib, apremilast, and ixekinumab 80mg every 2 weeks had a higher rate of AE, no significant difference was revealed for SAE among all treatments. Network meta-analysis demonstrated that infliximab, golimumab, etanercept, adalimumab, guselkumab, and secukinumab 300mg outperformed other drugs in achieving both ACR20 and PASI75. Infliximab, guselkumab, adalimumab, golimumab, secukinumab (300mg and 150mg), and ustekinumab (45mg and 90mg) are characterized by both high efficacy and safety. Similar rankings were observed in the analysis among biologic-naive patients. Moreover, ustekinumab, secukinumab (300mg and 150mg), ixekizumab, abatacept, certolizumab pegol, tofacitinib, and apremilast were still associated with higher ACR20 compared to placebo while ustekinumab, secukinumab (300mg), ixekizumab and tofacitinib with higher PASI75 among biologic-experienced/failed patients., CONCLUSION: Regarding the overall risk-benefit profile, infliximab, guselkumab, adalimumab, golimumab, secukinumab, and ustekinumab may be safer and more efficacious treatments than the other targeted DMARDs for active PsA during induction therapy. Copyright © 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Pharmacokinetics of Risankizumab in Asian Healthy Subjects and Patients With Moderate to Severe Plaque Psoriasis, Generalized Pustular Psoriasis, and Erythrodermic Psoriasis.$$$ Risankizumab, a humanized monoclonal antibody that targets interleukin-23 p19 subunit, was developed for the treatment of psoriasis. This work characterizes risankizumab pharmacokinetics in Japanese and Chinese healthy subjects compared with white healthy subjects and in Japanese patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis, generalized pustular psoriasis, or erythrodermic psoriasis. A phase 1, single-dose study evaluated risankizumab pharmacokinetics and safety/tolerability in healthy white (18 and 300 mg subcutaneous [SC]), Japanese (18, 90, and 300 mg SC and 200, 600, and 1200 mg intravenous [IV]), and Chinese (18, 90, and 300 mg SC) subjects; pharmacokinetic data were analyzed using noncompartmental methods. Risankizumab pharmacokinetic data from phase 2/3 studies in Japanese patients with plaque psoriasis, generalized pustular psoriasis, or erythrodermic psoriasis following multiple SC doses of 75 mg or 150 mg were analyzed using a population pharmacokinetic approach along with data from the phase 1 and global phase 1 to 3 studies. Risankizumab plasma exposures (peak plasma concentration and area under the concentration-time curve) were approximately dose-proportional across 18- to 300-mg SC or 200- to 1200-mg IV doses. Risankizumab terminal elimination half-life (harmonic mean 27-34 days) was comparable across doses and ethnicities. Risankizumab exposures were approximately 20% to 30% higher in Japanese and Chinese healthy subjects compared with white healthy subjects or in Japanese patients compared with non-Japanese patients. After accounting for body-weight differences, risankizumab exposures were comparable across ethnicities. Overall, there was no ethnic impact on risankizumab pharmacokinetics, and the small difference in exposure due to body weight has no clinical relevance. Copyright © 2019 AbbVie Inc. The Journal of Clinical Pharmacology published by Wiley Periodicals, Inc. on behalf of American College of Clinical Pharmacology.
Long-term safety of certolizumab pegol in rheumatoid arthritis, axial spondyloarthritis, psoriatic arthritis, psoriasis and Crohn's disease: a pooled analysis of 11 317 patients across clinical trials.$$$ Objective: To review long-term certolizumab pegol (CZP) safety across all approved indications: rheumatoid arthritis (RA), axial spondyloarthritis (axSpA), psoriatic arthritis (PsA), psoriasis (PSO) and Crohn's disease (CD)., Methods: Data were pooled across 49 UCB-sponsored CZP clinical trials (27 RA, one axSpA, one PsA, five PSO, 15 CD) to August 2017. Serious adverse events (SAEs) of interest (infections, malignancies, autoimmunity/hypersensitivity events, major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE), gastrointestinal (GI) perforations, psoriasis events, laboratory abnormalities) and deaths were medically reviewed by an external expert committee, using predefined case rules. Incidence rates (IRs)/100 patient-years (PY) are presented by indication; standardised mortality and malignancy rates were calculated using WHO/GLOBOCAN/SEER databases. Pregnancies with maternal CZP exposure are also reported., Results: Of 11 317 CZP-treated patients across indications (21 695 PY CZP exposure; maximum: 7.8 years), infections were the most common SAEs (overall IR: 3.62/100 PY; IRs ranged from 1.50/100 PY(PSO) to 5.97/100 PY(CD)). The IR for malignancies was 0.82/100 PY, including lymphoma (0.06/100 PY). MACE and GI perforation IRs in CZP-treated patients were 0.47/100 PY and 0.08/100 PY and were highest in RA and CD, respectively. Patients with PSO had the lowest SAE rates. The incidence of deaths and malignancies aligned with expected general population data., Conclusion: This extensive overview of the CZP safety profile in clinical trials, across all indications, provides large-scale confirmation of previous reports. No new safety signals or relevant non-disease-related laboratory abnormalities were identified. The study demonstrated some indication-specific differences in certain SAE rates that may be attributable to the underlying inflammatory disease.
Absolute and Relative Psoriasis Area and Severity Indices (PASI) for Comparison of the Efficacy of Ixekizumab to Etanercept and Placebo in Patients with Moderate-to-severe Plaque Psoriasis: An Integrated Analysis of UNCOVER-2 and UNCOVER-3 Outcomes.$$$ Treatment goals defined by the absolute Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) scores offer certain advantages in the clinical setting. In order to investigate potential treatment targets, this study evaluated absolute PASI outcomes relative to other measures of response using data from two randomized clinical trials of patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis treated with ixekizumab, etanercept, or placebo (n=2,567). Response was assessed throughout 12 weeks as the proportion of patients achieving absolute PASI band cut-offs who also reached established response criteria. Most PASI band <=2 responders also achieved PASI 90 (70.1-100%), static Physician's Global Assessment (0,1) (91.3-96.1%), Dermatology Life Quality Index (0,1) (63.0-67.7%), Patient Global Assessment of Disease Severity (0,1) (80.3-86.7%), and Itch Numeric Rating Scale improvement >=4 (87.2-87.6%). Agreement sharply decreased for less stringent PASI criteria. These data indicate that PASI <=2 represents significantly meaningful clinical and health-related quality of life improvements and may be a suitable treatment target for moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
Efficacy and safety of risankizumab in Japanese patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: Results from the SustaIMM phase 2/3 trial.$$$ Risankizumab, a humanized immunoglobulin G1 monoclonal antibody, selectively inhibits interleukin-23, a key cytokine in the pathogenesis of psoriasis, by binding to its p19 subunit. In SustaIMM (ClinicalTrials.gov/NCT03000075), a phase 2/3, double-blinded, placebo-controlled study, Japanese patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis (n = 171) were stratified by bodyweight and concomitant psoriatic arthritis and randomized 2:2:1:1 to 75 mg risankizumab, 150 mg risankizumab, placebo with cross-over to 75 mg risankizumab and placebo with cross-over to 150 mg risankizumab. Dosing was at weeks 0, 4, 16, 28 and 40, with placebo cross-over to risankizumab at week 16. The primary end-point was 90% or more improvement from baseline in Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI-90) at week 16 for risankizumab versus placebo. Missing data were imputed as non-response. All primary and psoriasis-related secondary end-points were met for both risankizumab doses (P < 0.001). At week 16, PASI-90 responses were significantly higher in patients receiving 75 mg (76%) or 150 mg (75%) risankizumab versus placebo (2%). Corresponding response rates were 86%, 93% and 10% for static Physician Global Assessment (sPGA) score of clear/almost clear; 90%, 95% and 9% for PASI-75; and 22%, 33% and 0% for PASI-100, with significantly higher responses for both risankizumab doses versus placebo. Through week 52, PASI and sPGA responses increased or were maintained and treatment-emergent adverse events were comparable across treatment groups. Both doses of risankizumab were superior to placebo in treating patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. The safety profile was consistent with previous risankizumab trials, with no new or unexpected safety findings. Copyright © 2019 AbbVie. The Journal of Dermatology published by John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd on behalf of Japanese Dermatological Association.
Cost per response for guselkumab versus adalimumab in the United States using data from a head-to-head trial in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.$$$ Aims: To estimate annual cost per response (CPR) in the US and number needed to treat (NNT) among patients receiving guselkumab or adalimumab treatment for moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis (PsO). Materials and methods: Results from VOYAGE 1, a double-blind, placebo-controlled, head-to-head, 48-week study of guselkumab compared with adalimumab in patients with moderate-to-severe PsO were used to estimate annual CPR for Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) 75, 90, and 100 responses. Drug dosing followed US label recommendations and drug costs were based on US annual wholesale acquisition costs. Number needed to treat (NNT) and annual CPR analyses were estimated, and week 48 response rates were assumed to be maintained for both the induction and maintenance years. Results: Week-48 PASI 90 response rates were 76.3% for guselkumab and 47.9% for adalimumab. The CPR for PASI 90 in the induction year for guselkumab was $113,861 vs $151,226 for adalimumab. Both drugs had lower CPRs for PASI 90 in the maintenance year: $85,395 for guselkumab and $140,424 for adalimumab for adalimumab. The NNT for a PASI 90 response was 1.3 for guselkumab and 2.1 for adalimumab; CPRs and NNT were also lower for guselkumab than for adalimumab for PASI 75 and PASI 100 for both induction and maintenance years. Limitations and conclusions:  In this analysis, extrapolating 48-week results from a single head-to-head study, guselkumab was more cost-effective with lower NNT than adalimumab in both the induction and maintenance years for PASI 75, PASI 90, and PASI 100 responses.
A Review of the Totality of Evidence Supporting the Development of the First Adalimumab Biosimilar ABP 501.$$$ ABP 501 [United States: AMJEVITA TM (adalimumab-atto); European Union: AMGEVITA R (adalimumab)] is the first approved biosimilar to adalimumab [reference product (RP)], a monoclonal antibody (mAb) targeting tumor necrosis factor-alfa (TNF-alpha). ABP 501 has received approval for use in indications that adalimumab RP is approved for, except those protected by regulatory exclusivity. A systematic step-wise totality of evidence (TOE) approach formed the basis of approval of ABP 501; this involved methodical accumulation of scientifically robust comparative data supporting similarity in analytical, preclinical, and clinical [pharmacokinetics (PK)], efficacy, safety and immunogenicity) evaluations. As a foundational first step, comprehensive analytical assessments demonstrated that ABP 501 is structurally and functionally similar to adalimumab RP in critical quality attributes. Preclinical assessments confirmed similar activity in assessing mechanisms of action and toxicology. Clinical evaluation included a phase 1 PK equivalence study in healthy subjects and two comparative phase 3 studies that evaluated ABP 501 and adalimumab RP in two sensitive patient populations, plaque psoriasis (PsO) and rheumatoid arthritis (RA). The PK profiles of ABP 501 and adalimumab RP were similar in healthy subjects as well as patients with PsO and RA. The pivotal phase 3 study in patients with PsO demonstrated that ABP 501 was clinically similar to adalimumab RP in terms of efficacy, safety and immunogenicity in both the primary and transition phases. The pivotal phase 3 study in patients with RA also established clinical similarity between ABP 501 and adalimumab RP; an open-label extension of this study demonstrated sustained efficacy over an additional 72 weeks, with no new safety or immunogenicity concerns with ABP 501 treatment. Overall, the TOE supported the conclusion that ABP 501 is highly similar to adalimumab RP and provided scientific justification for extrapolation to all the approved indications of adalimumab RP not protected by exclusivities.Funding: Amgen Inc.
Bimekizumab: The First Dual Inhibitor of Interleukin (IL)-17A and IL-17F for the Treatment of Psoriatic Disease and Ankylosing Spondylitis.$$$ Psoriasis is a chronic inflammatory skin disease with significant psychological and physical impact. Over the last few decades, several highly effective target therapies have been developed, leading to a major paradigm shift in the way psoriatic disease is managed. Despite this, a proportion of patients still do not respond or lose response over time. Bispecific antibodies target two different cytokines simultaneously, potentially offering a better disease control. Interleukin (IL)-17A and IL-17F share structural homology and have similar biologic function. IL-17A is classically considered to be the most biologically active, but recent studies have shown that IL-17F is also increased in psoriatic skin and synovial cell in psoriatic arthritis, supporting the rationale for targeting both IL-17A and IL-17F in psoriatic disease. Bimekizumab is the first-in-class monoclonal antibody designed to simultaneously target IL-17A and IL-17F. Bimekizumab is currently in clinical development for psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis, and ankylosing spondylitis, with promising results. In early clinical trials, bimekizumab demonstrated a rapid onset of action, good safety profile, and high tolerability by treated study participants. Long-term results and head-to-head trials comparing bimekizumab with other agents will be crucial to define the role of bimekizumab in the treatment of psoriatic disease.
Emerging Immunomodulatory Therapies and New Treatment Paradigms for Axial Spondyloarthritis.$$$ PURPOSE OF REVIEW: The purpose of this review is to educate the reader about the evolving classification of axial spondyloarthritis (AxSpA) and describe recent treatment data from clinical trials of medications with mechanisms of action other than TNF inhibition. The review will also address emerging treatment strategies for AxSpA., RECENT FINDINGS: New and more sensitive classification schema for AxSpA find that the prevalence of the disease is more than twice that of the historic definition of ankylosing spondylitis (AS), when patients without radiographically observable damage to the sacroiliac joints are included. TNF inhibitors have shown efficacy in the full spectrum of disease. IL-17 inhibitors, e.g., secukinumab and ixekizumab and janus kinase (JAK) inhibitors, have shown good efficacy and relatively good safety in radiographically defined AxSpA and are being tested in non-radiographic (nr) AxSpA. Several immunomodulatory medicines approved for psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis, and rheumatoid arthritis have not shown efficacy in AxSpA, highlighting the importance of conducting good-quality, placebo-controlled trials in this condition. Treatment strategies such as "treat to target" and tapering therapy are being studied. There remains a large unmet need to identify and adequately treat the full spectrum of AxSpA. The use of TNF inhibitors has improved our ability to achieve remission or low disease activity in AxSpA. Newer medicines with different mechanisms of action, e.g., IL-17 or JAK inhibition, are also showing similar ability. Continued research, including identification of new targets of treatment, is critical.
[JAK Inhibitors in Rheumatology].$$$ In Germany, baricitinib and tofacitinib have been approved for the treatment of at least moderately active rheumatoid arthritis after the failure of conventional disease modifying anti-rheumatic drugs in 2017, and tofacitinib also for psoriatic arthritis and ulcerative colitis. Both baricitinib and tofacitinib can be taken orally and reversibly inhibit Janus kinases (JAK) and therefore the signaling of a large number of cytokines via the JAK/STAT pathway. JAK inhibitors have been shown to be at least as efficacious in rheumatoid arthritis as adalimumab and tofacitinib was also efficacious in psoriatic arthritis. Since they inhibit many cytokines, it is likely that in the future they will be applied for the treatment of further chronic inflammatory disorder such as connective tissue diseases and vasculitis. The adverse events of JAK inhibitors are comparable to those observed with biologicals, only herpes zoster is slightly more common. In the placebo-controlled trials, venous thromboembolic events (VTE) were more common in the baricitinib treated patients. The VTE rate does not appear to be elevated in baricitinib treated patients compared to RA cohorts however. In conclusion, JAK inhibitors are a powerful new treatment of RA and likely many other rheumatic diseases and fulfill an unmet need since they may be taken orally. Copyright © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart . New York.
Patient-reported outcomes of adalimumab, phototherapy, and placebo in the Vascular Inflammation in Psoriasis Trial: A randomized controlled study.$$$ BACKGROUND: There are limited data about the impact of narrowband ultraviolet B phototherapy on patient-reported measures of health-related quality of life., OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the impact of adalimumab and phototherapy on health-related quality of life., METHODS: We examined patient-reported outcomes from a multicenter, randomized, placebo-controlled trial (ClinicalTrials.gov no. NCT01553058). The Dermatology Life Quality Index and EQ-5D-3L were evaluated every 4 weeks., RESULTS: We enrolled 97 patients: 30.9% were female, mean age was 43.5 years (standard deviation, 14.0), and median Psoriasis Area and Severity Index score was 16.7 (interquartile range, 13.9-21.6). At week 12, patients being treated with adalimumab (odds ratio [OR], 2.88; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.02-8.17) and phototherapy (OR, 8.83; 95% CI, 2.47-31.57) were more likely to achieve the minimal clinically important difference in the Dermatology Life Quality Index compared with those receiving placebo. There were higher odds of achieving the minimal clinically important difference for the EQ-5D-3L Index score when comparing phototherapy versus placebo (OR, 9.78; 95% CI, 2.99-31.95) and phototherapy versus adalimumab (OR, 4.07; 95% CI, 1.42-11.70)., LIMITATIONS: Small sample size, secondary analysis, generalizability., CONCLUSION: Phototherapy and adalimumab both improve skin-related quality of life and overall health-related quality of life compared with placebo in patients with psoriasis; however, patients treated with phototherapy achieved more improvement in overall health-related quality of life compared with patients treated with adalimumab. Copyright © 2019 American Academy of Dermatology, Inc. All rights reserved.
Evaluation of Children with Psoriasis from the BiPe Cohort: Are Patients Using Biotherapies in Real Life Eligible for Phase III Clinical Studies?.$$$ BACKGROUND: Phase III clinical trials of biotherapies for childhood psoriasis are designed for a selected population, which can differ from real-life patients., OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to assess the proportion of children with psoriasis that received biotherapy in the biological treatments for pediatric psoriasis (BiPe) cohort that would be excluded from phase III clinical trials of these treatments., METHODS: Data concerning initiation of the first biotherapy from all patients included in the BiPe cohort were analyzed. Ineligibility was assessed after applying the exclusion criteria used in the principal phase III trials of etanercept, adalimumab, and ustekinumab for childhood psoriasis., RESULTS: Of the 134 patients included, 73 (54.5%) were ineligible for at least one randomized controlled trial based on one or more exclusion criteria. Amongst the 63 children treated with etanercept, 35 (55.5%) were ineligible: 22 because of the type of psoriasis, 12 because of concomitant treatment, and six because of psoriasis severity based on psoriasis assessment severity index (PASI) and physician global assessment (PGA) scores (PASI < 12 and PGA < 3). Amongst the 44 children treated with adalimumab, 32 (72.7%) were ineligible: 17 because of the clinical type of psoriasis, 12 because of psoriasis severity (PASI < 20 and PGA < 4), and seven because of concomitant treatment. Amongst the 27 children patients treated with ustekinumab, 12 (44.4%) were ineligible: eight because of psoriasis severity (PASI < 12 and PGA < 3), five because of the clinical type of psoriasis, and one because of concomitant treatment. Drug survival and the frequency of serious adverse events did not differ between eligible and ineligible patients., CONCLUSION: The majority of children treated with biotherapies in real-life practice differ from those in phase III trials, most commonly because of the clinical type of their psoriasis, the disease severity being lower than required and the use of prior or concomitant psoriasis treatment. Efficacy and safety results from phase III clinical trials in selected populations may not sufficiently reflect what is seen in real life, thus results from real-life cohort studies are necessary.
Efficacy and safety of etanercept combined plus methotrexate and comparison of expression of pro-inflammatory factors expression for the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.$$$ Etanercept has greatly improved management considerably. However, the efficacy and safety of combination therapy with methotrexate and the mechanism of action are not known. We aimed to describe the use of combined therapy of etanercept and methotrexate against moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis in a Chinese population. We also wished to study the changes in expression of pro-inflammatory factors in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) and serum after the treatment to ascertain the mechanism of action. Thirty patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis were assigned into a monotherapy group and combination group randomly and equally. All patients received etanercept (50mg, s.c., weekly), whereas patients in the combination group also received oral methotrexate (7.5-15mg, p.o., weekly). Serum levels of interleukin (IL)-17A, IL-23, tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha and their mRNA expressions in PBMCs were measured by ELISA and qRT-PCR. In the monotherapy group, Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) 50/75/90 responses were achieved by 86.7/66.7/40% after 24weeks of treatment whereas, in the combination group, they were achieved by 93.3/80/60%, respectively. Although the overall prevalence of adverse effects (AEs) was higher in the combination group (60%) than in the monotherapy group (33.3%), the AEs were mild to moderate. The serum levels of IL-17A, IL-23, TNF-alpha, IL-33 and their mRNA expression in the PBMCs of the two groups were significantly higher than those of healthy controls (P<0.05). Compared with the monotherapy group, serum levels of IL-17A, IL-23, TNF-alpha and their mRNA expression in PBMCs were decreased significantly in the combination group (P<0.05). These data suggest that the efficacy of etanercept could be improved upon combination with methotrexate in the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis without increasing the risk of serious AEs. The mechanism of action might be associated with down-regulation of IL-17A, IL-23, and TNF-alpha. Copyright © 2019 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Exploration of the Product of the 5-Point Investigator's Global Assessment and Body Surface Area (IGA x BSA) as a Practical Minimal Disease Activity Goal in Patients with Moderate-to-Severe Psoriasis.$$$ BACKGROUND/AIMS: In the treat-to-target era, psoriasis disease activity measures that can be easily performed in routine clinical practice are needed. This retrospective pooled analysis explored cutoff values of the product of the 5-point Investigator's Global Assessment and percentage of affected body surface area (IGA x BSA) correlating with achievement of minimal disease activity (MDA)., METHODS: Post hoc analysis of the phase 3 clinical trials ERASURE, FIXTURE, FEATURE, and JUNCTURE was conducted to determine associations between IGA x BSA and 2 MDA definitions (Psoriasis Area and Severity Index [PASI] 90 and Dermatology Life Quality Index [DLQI] 0/1, or PASI score <=1 or BSA <3%) in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis receiving secukinumab 300 mg. For each definition of MDA, a range of possible cutoff values of IGA x BSA was examined at each time point. The optimal cutoff value was determined using Youden index (YI), calculated as (sensitivity + specificity - 1)., RESULTS: For MDA defined as PASI 90 and DLQI 0/1, optimal IGA x BSA cutoffs were 2.10 at week 12 (YI, 0.60; sensitivity, 0.78; specificity, 0.82), 1.02 at week 24 (YI, 0.55; sensitivity, 0.73; specificity, 0.82), and 1.00 at week 52 (YI, 0.65; sensitivity, 0.79; specificity, 0.86). For MDA defined as PASI score <=1 or BSA <3%, optimal IGA x BSA cutoffs were 2.98 at week 12 (YI, 0.91; sensitivity, 0.99; specificity, 0.92), 2.80 at week 24 (YI, 0.94; sensitivity, 0.99; specificity, 0.95), and 3.00 at week 52 (YI, 0.96; sensitivity, 1.00; specificity, 0.96)., CONCLUSION: IGA x BSA could be a valid measure highly associated with achievement of MDA. Copyright © 2019 The Author(s)Published by S. Karger AG, Basel.
Switch from reference etanercept to SDZ ETN, an etanercept biosimilar, does not impact efficacy, safety, and immunogenicity of etanercept in patients with moderate-to-severe rheumatoid arthritis: 48-week results from the phase III, randomized, double-blind EQUIRA study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Sandoz etanercept (SDZ ETN; GP2015) is an etanercept biosimilar with equivalent efficacy and comparable safety and immunogenicity to reference etanercept (ETN) in patients with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque-type psoriasis., METHODS: EQUIRA was a phase III, double-blind study conducted in patients with moderate-to-severe rheumatoid arthritis and inadequate response to disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drugs. Eligible patients were randomized 1:1 to receive subcutaneous 50 mg SDZ ETN or ETN, once-weekly, for 24 weeks. At week 24, patients with at least moderate EULAR response in the SDZ ETN group continued SDZ ETN treatment, and those in the ETN group were switched to receive 50 mg SDZ ETN, for up to 48 weeks. Patients received concomitant methotrexate at a stable dose (10-25 mg/week) and folic acid (>= 5 mg/week). Equivalence between SDZ ETN and ETN for change from baseline in disease activity score including 28 joint count C-reactive protein (DAS28-CRP) at week 24 (primary endpoint) and comparable safety and immunogenicity profile of SDZ ETN and ETN have previously been demonstrated at week 24. Herein, we present the 48-week results of the study after a single switch from ETN to its biosimilar at week 24., RESULTS: The least squares mean (standard error) change in DAS28-CRP from baseline up to week 48 was comparable between "continued SDZ ETN" (- 2.90 [0.12], n = 148) and "switched to SDZ ETN" (- 2.78 [0.13], n = 131) groups. The proportion of patients achieving EULAR good/moderate responses based on DAS28-erythrocyte sedimentation rate and ACR20/50/70 response rates were comparable between the two groups. The proportion of patients with at least one treatment-emergent adverse event was 42.9% in the "continued SDZ ETN" and 38.0% in the "switched to SDZ ETN" groups. Serious adverse events occurred in 4 patients in each of the two groups. After week 24, none of the patients in the switched group developed anti-drug antibodies (ADAs), while 4 patients in the continued SDZ ETN group had single-event, very low titer, non-neutralizing ADAs detected., CONCLUSIONS: The 48-week results from the EQUIRA study demonstrate that switch from ETN to SDZ ETN in patients with moderate-to-severe rheumatoid arthritis does not impact the efficacy, safety, or immunogenicity of etanercept., TRIAL REGISTRATION: EudraCT number 2012-002009-23 , Registered 19 April 2012-prospectively registered.
IL-17A inhibition by secukinumab induces early clinical, histopathologic, and molecular resolution of psoriasis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Hyperactivity of the IL-23/IL-17 axis is central to plaque psoriasis pathogenesis. Secukinumab, a fully human mAb that selectively inhibits IL-17A, is approved for treatment of psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis, and ankylosing spondylitis. Secukinumab improves the complete spectrum of psoriasis manifestations, with durable clinical responses beyond 5 years of treatment. In the feed-forward model of plaque chronicity, IL-17A has been hypothesized as the key driver of pathogenic gene expression by lesional keratinocytes, but in vivo evidence in human subjects is lacking., METHODS: We performed a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study (NCT01537432) of patients receiving secukinumab at the clinically approved dose up to 12 weeks. We then correlated plaque and nonlesional skin transcriptomic profiles with histopathologic and clinical measures of efficacy., RESULTS: After 12 weeks of treatment, secukinumab reversed plaque histopathology in the majority of patients and modulated thousands of transcripts. Suppression of the IL-23/IL-17 axis by secukinumab was evident at week 1 and continued through week 12, including reductions in levels of the upstream cytokine IL-23, the drug target IL-17A, and downstream targets, including beta-defensin 2. Suppression of the IL-23/IL-17 axis by secukinumab at week 4 was associated with clinical and histologic responses at week 12. Secukinumab did not affect ex vivo T-cell activation, which is consistent with its favorable long-term safety profile., CONCLUSION: Our data suggest that IL-17A is the critical node within the multidimensional pathogenic immune circuits that maintain psoriasis plaques and that early reduction of IL-17A-dependent feed-forward transcripts synthesized by hyperplastic keratinocytes favors plaque resolution. Copyright © 2019 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Etanercept treatment for extended oligoarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis, enthesitis-related arthritis, or psoriatic arthritis: 6-year efficacy and safety data from an open-label trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: To describe the 6-year safety and efficacy of etanercept (ETN) in children with extended oligoarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis (eoJIA), enthesitis-related arthritis (ERA), and psoriatic arthritis (PsA) METHODS: Patients who completed the 2-year, open-label, phase III CLinical Study In Pediatric Patients of Etanercept for Treatment of ERA, PsA, and Extended Oligoarthritis (CLIPPER) were allowed to enroll in its 8-year long-term extension (CLIPPER2). Children received ETN at a once-weekly dose of 0.8 mg/kg, up to a maximum dose of 50 mg/week. Efficacy assessments included the JIA core set of outcomes, the JIA American College of Rheumatology response criteria (JIA-ACR), and the Juvenile Arthritis Disease Activity Score (JADAS). Efficacy data are reported as responder analyses using a hybrid method for missing data imputation and as observed cases. Safety assessments included treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs)., RESULTS: Out of 127 patients originally enrolled in CLIPPER, 109 (86%) entered CLIPPER2. After 6 years of trial participation (2 years in CLIPPER and 4 years in CLIPPER2), 41 (32%) patients were still taking ETN, 13 (11%) entered the treatment withdrawal phase after achieving low/inactive disease (of whom 7 had to restart ETN), 36 (28%) discontinued treatment for other reasons but are still being observed, and 37 (29%) discontinued treatment permanently. According to the hybrid imputation analysis, proportions of patients achieving JIA ACR90, JIA ACR100, and JADAS inactive disease after the initial 2 years of treatment were 58%, 48%, and 32%, respectively. After the additional 4 years, those proportions in patients who remained in the trial were 46%, 35%, and 24%. Most frequently reported TEAEs [n (%), events per 100 patient-years] were headache [28 (22%), 5.3], arthralgia [24 (19%), 4.6], and pyrexia [20 (16%), 3.8]. Number and frequency of TEAEs, excluding infections and injection site reactions, decreased over the 6-year period from 193 and 173.8, respectively, during year 1 to 37 and 61.3 during year 6. A single case of malignancy (Hodgkin's lymphoma) and no cases of active tuberculosis, demyelinating disorders, or deaths were reported., CONCLUSIONS: Open-label etanercept treatment for up to 6 years was safe, well tolerated, and effective in patients with eoJIA, ERA, and PsA., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov: CLIPPER, NCT00962741 , registered 20 August, 2009, CLIPPER2, NCT01421069 , registered 22 August, 2011.
The contribution of joint and skin improvements to the health-related quality of life of patients with psoriatic arthritis: a post hoc analysis of two randomised controlled studies.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Determine the contribution of joint and skin improvements to health-related quality of life (HRQoL) in patients with psoriatic arthritis (PsA)., METHODS: SPIRIT-P1 and SPIRIT-P2 are phase 3 trials investigating ixekizumab, an interleukin-17A antagonist, in the treatment of patients with active PsA. Patients were randomised to ixekizumab or placebo. Outcomes included the Disease Activity Index for Psoriatic Arthritis (DAPSA), the Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI), the European Quality of Life-Five Dimensions (EQ-5D) Visual Analogue Score (VAS), the 36-Item Short-Form Health Survey (SF-36) and the Work Productivity and Activity Impairment (WPAI) Questionnaire. The contribution of joint and skin improvements to HRQoL was modelled using a smoothing spline method and depicted with response surface graphics., RESULTS: In this integrated analysis, 402 patients with PsA had baseline psoriasis of >=3% of body surface area. We applied response surface modelling to this patient data set to investigate the relationship between DAPSA, PASI and HRQoL improvements at week 24. The greatest improvement in EQ-5D VAS was associated with the largest per cent improvements in both DAPSA and PASI together, rather than DAPSA or PASI alone. Similar observations were made in domains of SF-36 and WPAI., CONCLUSION: Optimal improvements in patients' HRQoL were dependent on successful treatment of both joint and skin symptoms. Copyright © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2019. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Cost-Effectiveness of Secukinumab Versus Other Biologics in the Treatment of Psoriatic Arthritis: An Argentinean Perspective.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Psoriatic arthritis (PsA) is a chronic, systemic inflammatory disease. This study assessed the cost-effectiveness of secukinumab, an interleukin-17A inhibitor, versus other biologics in PsA from the Argentinean social security perspective., METHODS: A semi-Markov model evaluated subcutaneous (sc) treatment with secukinumab 150 mg and 300 mg against other sc treatments such as adalimumab, certolizumab pegol, etanercept, golimumab, ustekinumab, and intravenous treatment infliximab in biologic-naive (with or without moderate to severe psoriasis) and biologic-experienced PsA patients over a lifetime horizon. Response to treatments was determined using the PsA Response Criteria (PsARC) at 12 weeks. Model inputs were derived from randomized controlled trials, network meta-analyses, published literature, and other Argentinean sources. Model outcomes included quality-adjusted life years (QALYs) gained and incremental cost-effectiveness ratios. Sensitivity analyses and alternative scenarios with a higher cost option were also conducted., RESULTS: Among biologic-naive PsA patients without psoriasis, secukinumab 150 mg provided the highest QALYs (7.18) versus all sc biologics at the lowest cost ($3 755 678 Argentine peso), thus dominating them. Among biologic-naive PsA patients with psoriasis and biologic-experienced PsA patients, secukinumab 300 mg provided highest QALYs (6.99 and 7.53, respectively), dominated infliximab, and was cost-effective versus other sc biologics. Deterministic sensitivity analyses indicated sensitivity of results to variation in PsARC rates, drug acquisition costs, Health Assessment Questionnaire change, and utilities. A probabilistic sensitivity analysis showed maximum net monetary benefits with both secukinumab doses. Results from an alternative scenario analysis were similar to base-case analysis., CONCLUSIONS: For both biologic-naive and experienced PsA patients, secukinumab is either a dominant or cost-effective treatment option compared with other biologics in Argentina. Copyright © 2019 ISPOR--The professional society for health economics and outcomes research. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Interleukin-23 Blockers: Born to be First-line Biologic Agents in Inflammatory Bowel Disease?.$$$ Over the past decades, the advent of anti-TNF agents has dramatically changed the treatment algorithms for IBD. However, primarily and more importantly, secondary loss of response to anti-TNF agents, is often observed. Thus, new treatment options have been actively explored and some have already been incorporated in the current clinical practice. Among the class of anti-cytokine agents, the anti-IL12/IL23 monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) have been first presented, in clinical practice, by the anti-p40 mAb ustekinumab in Crohn's disease (CD). More selective anti-IL23 agents (anti-p19) have shown efficacy and are being further developed, in contrast to agents inhibiting IL-17 downstream, which have failed in IBD clinical trials despite their clear efficacy in psoriasis. Copyright© Bentham Science Publishers; For any queries, please email at epub@benthamscience.net.
Long-term experience with apremilast in patients with psoriatic arthritis: 5-year results from a PALACE 1-3 pooled analysis.$$$ BACKGROUND: The efficacy and safety of apremilast were assessed in patients with psoriatic arthritis (PsA) in three phase III clinical trials with similar designs (PALACE 1, 2, and 3)., METHODS: Following a 24-week, randomized (1:1:1 to apremilast 30 mg twice daily, 20 mg twice daily, or placebo), double-blind phase and a 28-week blinded active treatment phase, patients could receive apremilast in open-label extension studies for an additional 4 years. Eligible adult patients had active PsA for >= 6 months and three or more swollen joints and three or more tender joints despite prior treatment with disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drugs., RESULTS: A total of 1493 randomized patients received one or more doses of study medication (placebo: n = 496; apremilast 30 mg twice daily: n = 497; apremilast 20 mg twice daily: n = 500). In patients continuing apremilast treatment, response was sustained without new safety issues. At week 260, 67.2% of remaining patients achieved an ACR20 response, and 44.4% and 27.4% achieved ACR50 and ACR70 responses, respectively. Among patients with baseline enthesitis and dactylitis, 62.4% achieved a Maastricht Ankylosing Spondylitis Enthesitis Score of 0 and 80.9% achieved a dactylitis count of 0, respectively. In patients who had >= 3% baseline psoriasis body surface area involvement, 43.6% achieved >= 75% reduction from the baseline Psoriasis Area and Severity Index scores. The most commonly reported adverse events (AEs) were diarrhea, nausea, headache, upper respiratory tract infection, and nasopharyngitis, with most diarrhea and nausea AEs occurring within the first 2 weeks of treatment and usually resolving within 4 weeks. Reported rates of depression during the study were low (<= 1.8%). The majority of patients maintained their weight within 5% of baseline during the study. No new safety concerns or increases in the incidence or severity of AEs were observed over the long term., CONCLUSIONS: Apremilast maintained clinical benefit and a favorable safety profile for up to 5 years among patients with PsA., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01172938 , NCT01212757 , NCT01212770.
Responsiveness of Serum C-Reactive Protein, Interleukin-17A, and Interleukin-17F Levels to Ustekinumab in Psoriatic Arthritis: Lessons From Two Phase III, Multicenter, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trials.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the associations of C-reactive protein (CRP) and circulating Th17-associated cytokine levels with psoriatic arthritis (PsA) disease activity and therapeutic response to ustekinumab., METHODS: Interleukin-17A (IL-17A), IL-17F, IL-23, and CRP concentrations were measured in serum samples collected as part of the 2 PSUMMIT phase III studies of ustekinumab in PsA (n = 927). In post hoc analyses, relationships of IL-17A, IL-17F, and CRP levels at baseline, week 4, and week 24 with baseline skin and joint disease activity and response to therapy were evaluated using generalized linear models and Pearson's product-moment correlation tests., RESULTS: Baseline serum levels of IL-17A and IL-17F were positively correlated with baseline skin disease scores (r = 0.39-0.62). IL-23 levels were correlated with skin disease scores to a lesser extent (r = 0.26-0.31). No significant correlations were observed between these cytokine or CRP levels and baseline joint disease activity. There was no significant association of baseline levels of IL-17A, IL-17F, IL-23, or CRP with therapeutic response to ustekinumab in either the skin or joints. Significant reductions from baseline in levels of IL-17A, IL-17F, and CRP were seen in patients treated with ustekinumab compared to those treated with placebo. Ustekinumab-treated patients in whom 75% improvement in the Psoriasis Area and Severity Index score or 20% improvement according to the American College of Rheumatology criteria was achieved after 24 weeks of treatment had greater reductions in CRP level (geometric mean decreases of 51-58% versus 32-33%; P < 0.05), but not IL-17A or IL-17F levels, than nonresponders., CONCLUSION: Baseline serum IL-23/IL-17 levels correlated with skin, but not joint, disease activity, suggesting tissue-specific variation. However, neither baseline Th17-associated cytokine levels nor CRP level were predictive of therapeutic response to ustekinumab in the skin or joints, despite rapid reductions in their levels following ustekinumab therapy. Copyright © 2019, American College of Rheumatology.
Safety of selective IL-23p19 inhibitors for the treatment of psoriasis.$$$ Psoriasis is a chronic disease that requires long-term treatment. Consequently, understanding the safety and tolerability of any potential treatment over time is critical to effective prescribing. The biologic agents currently available for the treatment of psoriasis target a number of different inflammatory cytokines involved in psoriasis disease pathogenesis. The monoclonal antibodies tildrakizumab, guselkumab and risankizumab target the p19 subunit that is specific to interleukin (IL)-23. This article reviews published data on the safety of these IL-23p19 inhibitors in patients with psoriasis compared with other currently available biologic therapies. Data from randomized, placebo- and active-controlled phase 3 clinical trials show tildrakizumab, guselkumab and risankizumab to have a favourable risk-benefit profile in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis. No significant safety concerns have been observed for any of these IL-23p19 inhibitors in the data published to date. The most commonly reported adverse events (AEs) associated with these agents in phase 3 studies were upper respiratory tract infections. No increase was seen in rates of serious infections, malignancies or major adverse cardiovascular events, with no signals suggestive of an elevated risk of opportunistic infections, active tuberculosis or reactivation of latent tuberculosis infection, mucocutaneous Candida infections, triggering or worsening of inflammatory bowel disease, demyelinating disorders or suicidal ideation. Selectively targeting IL-23p19 may help avoid AEs that have been associated with biologic agents with other mechanisms of action. Data from long-term extension studies and patient registries will further establish the safety profile of IL-23p19 inhibitors for the treatment of moderate to severe psoriasis in routine practice. Copyright © 2019 The Authors. Journal of the European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
Long-term safety of secukinumab in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis, and ankylosing spondylitis: integrated pooled clinical trial and post-marketing surveillance data.$$$ BACKGROUND: Secukinumab, a fully human immunoglobulin G1-kappa monoclonal antibody that directly inhibits interleukin (IL)-17A, has been shown to have robust efficacy in the treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis (PsO), psoriatic arthritis (PsA), and ankylosing spondylitis (AS) demonstrating a rapid onset of action and sustained long-term clinical responses with a consistently favorable safety profile in multiple Phase 2 and 3 trials. Here, we report longer-term pooled safety and tolerability data for secukinumab across three indications (up to 5 years of treatment in PsO and PsA; up to 4 years in AS)., METHODS: The integrated clinical trial safety dataset included data pooled from 21 randomized controlled clinical trials of secukinumab 300 or 150 or 75 mg in PsO (14 Phase 3 trials and 1 Phase 4 trial), PsA (3 Phase 3 trials), and AS (3 Phase 3 trials), along with post-marketing safety surveillance data with a cut-off date of June 25, 2017. Adverse events (AEs) were reported as exposure-adjusted incident rates (EAIRs) per 100 patient-years. Analyses included all patients who received >= 1 dose of secukinumab., RESULTS: A total of 5181, 1380, and 794 patients from PsO, PsA, and AS clinical trials representing secukinumab exposures of 10,416.9, 3866.9, and 1943.1 patient-years, respectively, and post-marketing data from patients with a cumulative exposure to secukinumab of ~ 96,054 patient-years were included in the analysis. The most frequent AE was upper respiratory tract infection. EAIRs across PsO, PsA, and AS indications were generally low for serious infections (1.4, 1.9, and 1.2, respectively), Candida infections (2.2, 1.5, and 0.7, respectively), inflammatory bowel disease (0.01, 0.05, and 0.1, respectively), and major adverse cardiac events (0.3, 0.4, and 0.6, respectively). No cases of tuberculosis reactivation were reported. The incidence of treatment-emergent anti-drug antibodies was low with secukinumab across all studies, with no discernible loss of efficacy, unexpected alterations in pharmacokinetics, or association with immunogenicity-related AEs., CONCLUSIONS: Secukinumab demonstrated a favorable safety profile over long-term treatment in patients with PsO, PsA, and AS. This comprehensive assessment demonstrated that the safety profile of secukinumab was consistent with previous reports in patients with PsO, PsA, and AS, supporting its long-term use in these chronic conditions.
A safety review of recent advancements in the treatment of psoriasis: analysis of clinical trial safety data.$$$ INTRODUCTION: The management of psoriasis can include oral medications and injectable biologics. Safety data of these various treatment options are important to consider when choosing the right treatment for the patient., AREAS COVERED: This review evaluates the safety of newer treatments approved for psoriasis, including interleukin-(IL)-17 inhibitors, IL-23/p19 inhibitors, ustekinumab, certolizumab pegol and apremilast, using phases III and IV clinical trial data., EXPERT OPINION: Even as treatment of psoriasis becomes safer, it is important to recognize both common and uncommon adverse effects of treatment. Common adverse effects are similar across treatment options, including upper respiratory infection and injection-site reaction. Serious adverse effects occur less frequently and specific to the psoriasis treatment option, such as inflammatory bowel disease and candida infections with IL-17 inhibitors, tuberculosis with certolizumab pegol, and psychiatric events with apremilast. While IL-23/p19 inhibitors may have a slightly better safety profile than other biologics, long-term data are limited. The conclusions that can be drawn from clinical trial safety data are limited given that many clinical trials are not large enough to detect rare safety events. Data from registries provide important complementary information on long-term safety but there are limitations including a lack of randomized assignment between drug treatments.
Sustained long-term efficacy and safety of adalimumab in paediatric patients with severe chronic plaque psoriasis from a randomized, double-blind, phase III study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Adalimumab (ADA) (Humira R , AbbVie Inc., U.S.A.) is approved by the European Medicines Agency for children aged >= 4 years with severe plaque psoriasis., OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the long-term efficacy and safety of ADA in children with severe plaque psoriasis., METHODS: Results are presented from the 52-week long-term extension (LTE) of the randomized, double-blind, double-dummy, phase III trial, in children with severe plaque psoriasis (results from prior periods have been published). Patients aged >= 4 and < 18 years were randomized 1 : 1 : 1 to ADA 0.8 mg kg-1 (40 mg maximum) or 0.4 mg kg-1 (20 mg maximum) every other week or to methotrexate (MTX) 0.1-0.4 mg kg-1 (25 mg maximum) weekly. The 16-week initial treatment (IT) period was followed by a 36-week withdrawal period and a 16-week retreatment period. Patients could enter the LTE at prespecified time points to receive ADA 0.8 mg kg-1 (blinded or open label) or ADA 0.4 mg kg-1 (blinded), or to remain off treatment. Efficacy is reported for patient groups according to doses received in the IT and LTE periods., RESULTS: Of the 114 patients randomized in the IT period, 108 entered the LTE (n = 36 in each group); 93 received ADA 0.8 mg kg-1 . Efficacy (>= 75% improvement from baseline in Psoriasis Area and Severity Index) was maintained or improved from entry to the end of the LTE: MTX(IT)/ADA 0.8(LTE) 31-86% of patients; ADA 0.4(IT)/0.4 or 0.8(LTE) 28-47%; ADA 0.8(IT)/0.8(LTE) 50-72%. No serious infections occurred in the LTE., CONCLUSIONS: After 52 weeks of long-term ADA treatment in children aged 4-18 years with severe plaque psoriasis, disease severity was reduced and maintained or further improved, as demonstrated by efficacy outcomes. No new safety risks were identified. What's already known about this topic? The results from the first three periods of this phase III trial in children aged 4-18 years with severe plaque psoriasis suggest that adalimumab is a safe and efficacious treatment option in this population. What does this study add? This is the first study to evaluate long-term treatment of adalimumab in children with severe psoriasis, and the first to evaluate switching from methotrexate to adalimumab in this population. Copyright © 2019 The Authors British Journal of Dermatology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of British Association of Dermatologists.
Association of HLA-C*06:02 Status With Differential Response to Ustekinumab in Patients With Psoriasis: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.$$$ Importance: Previous research showed a differential response to ustekinumab therapy based on HLA-C*06:02 status in patients with psoriasis but consisted mostly of small (and sometimes inconclusive) cohort studies., Objective: To assess whether HLA-C*06:02 status is associated with a differential response to ustekinumab therapy in patients with psoriasis through a systematic review and a meta-analysis of available data., Data Sources: A comprehensive search was conducted using MEDLINE, Embase, the Cochrane Library, Web of Science, and gray literature sources. Databases were searched from January 1, 2000, to May 14, 2018. Search strategies included terms and synonyms for psoriasis, HLA-C, and ustekinumab. Languages were restricted to English, French, German, and Dutch., Study Selection: Studies were included if they reported the association between HLA-C*06:02 status and 75% improvement in Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI75) response to ustekinumab therapy in patients with plaque psoriasis after 6 and/or 3 months of treatment. Randomized clinical trials and observational studies were included. Screening and selection were performed independently by 2 reviewers., Data Extraction and Synthesis: HLA-C*06:02 genotype status and PASI75 response rates were extracted by 2 reviewers. Data were pooled using random-effects models. Heterogeneity was assessed using the tau2 and I2 statistic. Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) and Meta-Analysis of Observational Studies in Epidemiology (MOOSE) reporting guidelines were followed., Main Outcome and Measure: The primary outcome was the risk difference of achieving PASI75 after 6 months of ustekinumab therapy between HLA-C*06:02-positive and HLA-C*06:02-negative patients., Results: A total of 8 studies were reviewed; 1048 patients were included for meta-analyses, and 937 patients were included for the primary analysis of PASI75 response after 6 months of treatment. Random-effects meta-analysis showed a risk difference of 0.24 (95% CI, 0.14-0.35; P < .001) in favor of HLA-C*06:02-positive patients. The median PASI75 response rate in the HLA-C*06:02-positive group was 92% (pooled, 89%; range, 62%-98%). For HLA-C*06:02-negative patients, the median response rate was 67% (pooled, 62%; range, 40%-84%). Substantial heterogeneity may have been present, with an I2 of 82%., Conclusions and Relevance: The meta-analysis showed a differential response to ustekinumab therapy based on HLA-C*06:02 status in patients with psoriasis. Although HLA-C*06:02-positive patients had high PASI75 response rates after 6 months, the PASI75 response rate was also high in the HLA-C*06:02-negative group. There appears to be no rationale for excluding patients from ustekinumab treatment based on a negative HLA-C*06:02 status.
Non-antistreptococcal interventions for acute guttate psoriasis or an acute guttate flare of chronic psoriasis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Guttate psoriasis displays distinctive epidemiological and clinical features, making it a separate entity within the heterogeneous group of cutaneous psoriasis types. It is associated with genetic, immune, and environmental factors (such as stress and infections) and usually arises in younger age groups (including children, teenagers, and young adults). There is currently no cure for psoriasis, but various treatments can help to relieve the symptoms and signs. The objectives of treatment when managing an acute flare of guttate psoriasis are to reduce time to clearance and induction of long-term remission after resolution. This is an update of a Cochrane Review first published in 2000; since then, new treatments have expanded the therapeutic spectrum of systemic treatments used for psoriasis., OBJECTIVES: To assess the effects of non-antistreptococcal interventions for acute guttate psoriasis or an acute guttate flare of chronic psoriasis., SEARCH METHODS: We searched the following databases up to June 2018: the Cochrane Skin Specialised Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, and LILACS. We searched five trials registers and checked the reference lists of included studies for further references to relevant randomised controlled trials. We checked the proceedings of key dermatology conferences from 2004 to 2018, and also searched for trials in the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) database for drug registration., SELECTION CRITERIA: All randomised controlled trials assessing the effects of treatments for acute guttate psoriasis or an acute guttate flare of chronic psoriasis clinically diagnosed in children and adults. This included all topical and systemic drugs, biological therapy, phototherapy (all forms: topical and systemic), and complementary and alternative therapies. We compared these treatments against placebo or against another treatment. We did not include studies on drugs that aim to eradicate streptococcal infection. We did not include studies when separate results for guttate psoriasis participants were not available., DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Two review authors independently assessed study eligibility and methodological quality and extracted data. We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Our primary outcomes were 'percentage of participants clear or almost clear (i.e. obtaining Psoriasis Area Severity Index (PASI) 100/90 and/or Physician's Global Assessment (PGA) of 0 or 1)' and 'percentage of participants with adverse effects and severe adverse effects'. Our secondary outcomes were 'number of relapses of guttate psoriasis or flares within a period of six months after the treatment has finished', 'percentage of participants achieving a PASI 75 or PGA of 1 or 2', and 'improvement in participant satisfaction measures and quality of life assessment measures'. We used GRADE to assess the quality of the evidence for each outcome., MAIN RESULTS: This review included only one trial (21 participants), which compared fish oil-derived (n-3) fatty acid-based lipid emulsion (50 mL per infusion (1.05 g eicosapentaenoic and 10.5 g docosahexaenoic acid)) (10 participants) to soya oil-derived (n-6) fatty acid-based lipid emulsion (50 mL per infusion (1.05 g eicosapentaenoic and 10.5 g docosahexaenoic acid)) (11 participants) administered intravenously twice daily for 10 days, with a total follow-up of 40 days. The study was conducted in a single centre in Germany in 18 men and three women, aged between 21 and 65 years, who were in hospital with acute guttate psoriasis and had mean total body surface involvement of 25.7% +/- 20.4% (range 10 to 90). The study was funded by a company that produces the oil emulsions. We found no other evidence regarding non-antistreptococcal interventions used in clinical practice for guttate psoriasis, such as topical treatments (corticosteroids, vitamin D3 analogues), systemic drugs, biological therapy, and phototherapy. The primary outcomes of the review were not measured, and only one of our secondary outcomes was measured: improvement in participant satisfaction measures and quality of life assessment measures. However, the study authors did report that there was rare skin irritation at the site of peripheral intravenous route, but the number of affected participants was not provided.Improvement between baseline and day 10, using a non-validated score assessed by participants themselves daily based on five items (appearance of lesions, impairment of daily life, pruritus, burning, and pain), was greater in the group that received the fish oil-derived (n-3) fatty acid-based lipid emulsion (75%) than in the group receiving the soya oil-derived (n-6) fatty acid-based lipid emulsion (18%) (one trial, 21 participants). However, these results are uncertain as they are based on very low-quality evidence., AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: There is no evidence regarding topical and systemic drugs, biotherapy, or phototherapy in guttate psoriasis (we did not consider drugs that aimed to eradicate streptococcal infection because these are assessed in another Cochrane Review). We are uncertain of the effect of intravenously administered lipid emulsion on guttate psoriasis because the quality of the evidence is very low, due to risk of bias (unclear risk of bias for all domains), indirectness (the trial only included adults, and the follow-up from baseline was only 10 days), and imprecision (small number of participants). This review highlights the need for trials assessing the efficacy and safety of phototherapy and topical and systemic drugs for guttate psoriasis. There is also a need for studies that clearly distinguish the specific population with guttate psoriasis from the larger group of people with chronic plaque psoriasis, and children and young adults should be assessed as a distinct group.
Effect of Biological Treatment on Fatigue in Psoriasis: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Fatigue is frequent in patients with psoriasis. Though conventional drugs in general have no effect on fatigue, biological agents have demonstrated beneficial effects in several other chronic inflammatory diseases., OBJECTIVE: The objective of the present study was to evaluate the effect of biological drugs on fatigue in patients with psoriasis vulgaris., METHODS: We conducted a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials in which anti-interleukin-12/23, anti-interleukin-23, anti-interleukin-17, or anti-tumor necrosis factor-alpha agents were used for psoriasis vulgaris and fatigue was an outcome measure., RESULTS: A total of eight randomized controlled trials fulfilled criteria for inclusion in the meta-analysis. The studies used two fatigue reporting scales: the Functional Assessment of Chronic Illness Therapy-Fatigue and the Short Form 36 Health Survey Vitality Subscale. Treatment by biological agents in general compared with placebo led to a significant reduction in fatigue, with a standardized mean difference of - 0.40 (95% confidence interval - 0.46 to - 0.34; p < 0.001)., CONCLUSION: Biological drugs used for the treatment of psoriasis vulgaris have a consistently small-to-moderate beneficial effect on fatigue independent of the type of drug.
Association Between Enthesitis and Health-related Quality of Life in Psoriatic Arthritis in Biologic-naive Patients from 2 Phase III Ustekinumab Trials.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Evaluate enthesitis, physical function, and health-related quality of life (HRQOL) among patients with psoriatic arthritis (PsA) who are naive to anti-tumor necrosis factor agents., METHODS: In PSUMMIT 1 and 2, patients with PsA were randomized to placebo or ustekinumab 45 mg or 90 mg. Enthesitis was assessed at weeks 0 and 24 (Maastricht Ankylosing Spondylitis Enthesitis Score). Assessments included Health Assessment Questionnaire-Disability Index (HAQ-DI), Medical Outcomes Study Short Form-36 (SF-36) physical component summary/mental component summary (PCS/MCS), and American College of Rheumatology 20 (ACR20)., RESULTS: At Week 24, 21 had worsened enthesitis, 158 had improved enthesitis, and 412 had unchanged enthesitis. Improved enthesitis was associated with improvements in HAQ-DI and SF-36 MCS. Results were similar for ACR20 responders and nonresponders., CONCLUSION: Improvement in enthesitis at Week 24 was associated with improvements in physical function/HRQOL regardless of ACR20 response.
A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase 1 study of multiple ascending doses of subcutaneous M1095, an anti-interleukin 17A/F nanobody, in moderate-to-severe psoriasis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Interleukin 17 is involved in the pathogenesis of psoriasis, a chronic debilitating disease., OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the safety/tolerability, immunogenicity, pharmacokinetics/pharmacodynamics, and efficacy of M1095, an anti-interleukin 17A/F nanobody, in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis., METHODS: This multicenter, double-blind, placebo-controlled dose escalation phase 1 study randomized 44 patients 4:1 to treatment with subcutaneous M1095 (30, 60, 120, or 240 mg) or placebo biweekly for 6 weeks, in 4 ascending dose cohorts., RESULTS: The most frequent treatment-emergent adverse events with M1095 were pruritus (n = 4) and headache (n = 3); 2 patients withdrew owing to adverse events (injection site reaction and elevated liver enzyme levels). The terminal half-life of M1095 was 11 to 12 days. The area under the curve/maximum concentration was dose proportional. Of 10 M1095-treated patients positive for antidrug antibodies, 5 showed treatment-emergent antidrug antibody responses. There was no effect on M1095 exposure. Marked decreases in psoriasis inflammatory markers were observed with M1095. By day 85, 100% and 56% of patients receiving M1095, 240 mg, achieved psoriasis area and severity index 90 and 100, respectively. Improvements in static Physician's Global Assessment and affected body surface area were also seen., LIMITATIONS: Interpretation of efficacy data is limited by the small sample size., CONCLUSION: Multiple subcutaneous doses of M1095 showed a favorable safety profile with dose-dependent improvements in psoriasis. Copyright © 2019 American Academy of Dermatology, Inc. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Tildrakizumab: A Review in Moderate-to-Severe Plaque Psoriasis.$$$ Tildrakizumab (tildrakizumab-asmn in the USA) [Ilumetri R; Ilumya TM] is a humanized monoclonal antibody (mAb) that selectively targets the p19 subunit of interleukin (IL)-23, thereby inhibiting the IL-23/IL-17 axis, the signalling pathway primarily implicated in the immunopathogenesis of psoriasis. Administered subcutaneously, it is approved for the treatment of adults with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis who are candidates for systemic therapy (e.g. in the EU and Australia) and those who are candidates for systemic therapy or phototherapy (in the USA). In the pivotal phase III reSURFACE 1 and 2 trials, tildrakizumab was superior to placebo and efficacious compared with etanercept, in terms of the proportion of patients achieving a response [>= 75% improvement from baseline in Psoriasis Area and Severity index score (PASI 75) and a Physician's Global Assessment score of 0/1] at week 12. Response rates peaked at week 22 and the vast majority of patients achieving PASI 75 at week 28 maintained this response after a total of 3 years of treatment in the reSURFACE trials and their ongoing open-label extension studies. In addition, patients with a partial or no response to etanercept at week 28 benefitted from switching to the highest approved dose of tildrakizumab in the reSURFACE 2 trial and its ongoing extension. Treatment with tildrakizumab improved health-related quality of life and was generally well tolerated, both in the short- and longer-term. Tildrakizumab thus expands the range of useful therapeutic options for patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis, particularly those with an inadequate response to phototherapy and conventional systemic agents.
Population-Pharmacokinetic Modeling of Tildrakizumab (MK-3222), an Anti-Interleukin-23-p19 Monoclonal Antibody, in Healthy Volunteers and Subjects with Psoriasis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Tildrakizumab is an anti-interleukin-23p19 monoclonal antibody recently approved for the treatment of chronic plaque psoriasis., METHODS: This analysis characterizes the population pharmacokinetics of subcutaneous tildrakizumab and identifies covariates influencing exposure in 2098 healthy volunteers and subjects with psoriasis. Tested covariates included body weight, formulation type, sex, age, race, serum albumin, creatinine clearance, Japanese origin, prior treatment with a biologic agent, subject status (subjects with psoriasis vs. healthy volunteers), and ethnicity., RESULTS: The pharmacokinetics was described by a one-compartment model with first-order absorption and elimination kinetics, and inter-individual variability on clearance, volume of distribution, and absorption rate constant. The pharmacokinetics was characterized by low clearance and limited volume of distribution. In subjects with psoriasis, the geometric mean clearance (coefficient of variation) was 0.32 L/day (38%), volume of distribution was 10.8 L (24%), and absorption and elimination half-life were 1.5 days (18%) and 23.4 days (23%), respectively, with an absorption lag time of 1.2 h. For the 100-mg dose, steady-state area under the plasma concentration vs. time curve for one dosing interval and maximum plasma concentration were 305 microg*day/mL (41%) and 8.1 microg/mL (34%), respectively. Steady state was achieved by 16 weeks with the clinical regimen (dosing on week 0 and week 4 and every 12 weeks thereafter) with 1.1-fold accumulation in maximum plasma concentration. Healthy subjects had 31% higher bioavailability than subjects with psoriasis. Subjects with increased body weight had a lower area under the plasma concentration-time curve at steady state vs. those with lower body weight. The modeled exposures were contained within clinical comparability bounds for all covariates including body weight., CONCLUSIONS: The pharmacokinetics of tildrakizumab behaves like a typical monoclonal antibody without requiring dosage adjustment., TRIAL REGISTRATION: NCT01729754, NCT01225731, NCT01722331.
[Study on clinical efficacy and mechanism of Qingying Tang for treating psoriatic blood-heat syndrome based on IL-23/Th17].$$$ To observe the clinical curative effect of Qingying Tang in the treatment of psoriatic blood-heat syndrome and explore its intrinsic mechanism. In this study,we collected 72 patients with blood-heat syndrome psoriasis admitted to our dermatology clinic from January 2016 to December 2017 and divided into control group and observation group according to the random number table method,36 cases in each group. The patients in control group were given with Acitretin Capsules orally,10 mg/time,twice a day. The patients in observation group were given with Qingying Tang orally,150 mL/time,twice a day. The treatment period was 12 weeks in both groups. The traditional Chinese medicine(TCM) syndrome scores before and after treatment,psoriasis area and severity index(PASI) score,dermatology life quality index(DLQI) score,and the clinical efficacy of the two groups were compared between the two groups;flow cytometry was used to detect peripheral blood Th17 cell percentages before and after treatment in both groups;serum interleukin(IL)-17,IL-23,IL-22,and IL-21 levels in both groups before and after treatment were measured by ELISA;the expression levels of STAT3 and RORgammat before and after treatment in patients were measured by using skin lesion immunohistochemical method. The results showed that the TCM symptoms were improved significantly in both groups(P<0.05),and the effect in observation group was significantly better than that in the control group(P<0.05). PASI and DLQI scores were decreased significantly after treatment in both groups(P<0.05),and the scores in observation group were significantly lower than those in the control group(P<0.05). The curative effect of the observation group was significantly higher than that of the control group(P<0.05). After treatment,the percentage of Th17 cells,as well as IL-17,IL-23,IL-22 and IL-21 levels in peripheral blood were significantly decreased in both groups(P<0.05),and the levels in observation group were significantly lower than those in the control group(P<0.05). The expression levels of STAT3 and RORgammat in both groups were significantly lower than those before treatment(P<0.01),and the levels in observation group were significantly lower than those in the control group(P<0.05). All of the results indicted that Qingying Tang can effectively improve the skin lesions and TCM syndrome in patients with psoriasis and blood-heat syndrome,and improve patient health quality,which may be related to regulation of peripheral blood IL-23/Th17.
Diet and psoriasis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Patients with psoriasis have a growing interest in managing their disease through diet., OBJECTIVE: This review paper aims to analyze dietary interventions for psoriasis and their outcome., METHODS: Terms "psoriasis AND diet" were used to search PubMed database and 63 articles describing dietary changes influencing psoriasis were selected., RESULTS: Low calorie diet (LCD) improves Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) and Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI) in conjunction with topical or systemic therapy, although LCD was unsuccessful in maintaining disease remission when patients discontinued concomitant cyclosporine or methotrexate therapy. A fish oil diet improved baseline PASI of 7.7 to 5.3 at three months and 2.6 at 6 months compared to control (PASI: 8.9, 7.8, and 7.8, respectively). A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study investigating selenium supplementation in psoriasis provided no PASI improvement. Zinc supplementation with concomitant betamethasone valerate 0.0025% ointment in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study provided a mean PASI of 11.2 in the intervention group and 8.0 in the control group with no significant difference between both arms. Gluten free diet and vitamin D supplementation were also efficacious dietary changes although results were mixed., CONCLUSIONS: Dietary changes alone do not cause a large effect in psoriasis but may become an important adjunct to current first line treatments.
A Cost-per-Number Needed to Treat Analysis Assessing the Efficiency of Biologic Drugs in Moderate to Severe Plaque Psoriasis.$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Psoriasis is a chronic inflammatory skin disease with an estimated prevalence in Spain of 2.3% of the population. Approximately 30% of patients have moderate-to-severe forms. Treatment with biologic agents is proving to be a step forward in the management of the disease, although these treatments are very expensive. The objective of this study was to determine the efficiency, in terms of cost per number needed to treat (NNT), of the biologic drugs available in Spain for the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis., METHODS: NNT data were obtained from a network meta-analysis that included all randomized clinical trials of biologic drugs sold in Spain. The cost of each treatment was calculated based on the approved dosage for the first year of treatment, as indicated in the Summary of Product Characteristics. These data were used to calculate the cost per NNT of the drugs for various PASI scores (75, 90, and 100). A sensitivity analysis was performed taking into consideration only the PASI-response measurement time (after 10, 12, or 16 weeks, depending on the drug)., RESULTS: The order of efficiency, from most to least efficient, in the case of a PASI 75 response was ixekizumab > ustekinumab 45mg > ustekinumab 90mg > secukinumab > infliximab > etanercept > adalimumab. The order for PASI 90 was ixekizumab >secukinumab >ustekinumab 45mg > ustekinumab 90mg > infliximab > adalimumab > etanercept. The order for PASI 100 was ixekizumab > secukinumab > infliximab > ustekinumab 90mg > ustekinumab 45mg > adalimumab > etanercept. The sensitivity analysis showed some changes in the order, depending on the response-assessment period., CONCLUSIONS: The findings show a link between the efficacy of the biologic therapies available in Spain for the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis and their efficiency. Ixekizumab had the lowest cost per NNT for all PASI-response scores (75, 90, and 100) during the first year of treatment. Copyright © 2018 AEDV. Publicado por Elsevier Espana, S.L.U. All rights reserved.
Efficacy of tildrakizumab for moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: pooled analysis of three randomized controlled trials at weeks 12 and 28.$$$ BACKGROUND: Efficacy of tildrakizumab for plaque psoriasis was demonstrated in randomized, placebo-controlled trials., OBJECTIVE: To consolidate tildrakizumab efficacy results by pooling data., METHODS: Data (N = 2081) from tildrakizumab 100 mg, tildrakizumab 200 mg and placebo groups in three trials were pooled., RESULTS: Proportions of Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) 75 responders at week 12 were better with tildrakizumab 100 mg (62.3%) and tildrakizumab 200 mg (64.8%) vs. placebo (5.6%; P < 0.0001) and for PASI 90, PASI 100 and Physician's Global Assessment (PGA) 'clear' or 'minimal' vs. placebo (P < 0.0001). Responses increased from weeks 12 to 28. Week 12 PASI and PGA responses to tildrakizumab vs. placebo were numerically greater in patients with lower vs. higher bodyweight and were better with tildrakizumab 200 mg than tildrakizumab 100 mg for patients with higher bodyweight. Week 12 PASI 75 responses vs. placebo with tildrakizumab 100 mg were similar between patients with (55.0%) or without (56.7%) prior biologics. PASI 90, PASI 100 and PGA responses were generally higher in patients without prior biologics. Week 8 PASI 50 response predicted PASI 90 response., CONCLUSION: Pooled data confirmed the efficacy of tildrakizumab for moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. Copyright © 2019 European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
Brodalumab for the treatment of plaque psoriasis: up-to-date.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Brodalumab is one of the most efficacious biologic agents available for psoriasis. It also has a unique mechanism; it is the only agent that blocks the entire interleukin 17 receptors instead of blocking individual cytokines. However, the main drawback is that brodalumab has an FDA mandated black box warning regarding suicide. This is an up-to-date article reviews the scientific validity of this issue with brodalumab and suicide. Areas covered: A worldwide literature search was conducted on the above issue regarding suicide risk and brodalumab. All relevant articles on this topic searchable in public domain were utilized. Expert opinion: The FDA black box warning is based on three completed suicides that happened in one research location out of 390 research sites worldwide. All three completed suicides have alternative explanations unrelated to brodalumab. The overall data from phase III clinical trials shows that psoriasis patients recorded significant improvement in depression after treatment with brodalumab. The overall impression is that the suicide issue is far from being scientifically validated and this is why the FDA itself stated in the package insert that "the cause and effect relationship these suicides and brodalumab has not been established."
Radiographic Progression According to Baseline C-reactive Protein Levels and Other Risk Factors in Psoriatic Arthritis Treated with Tofacitinib or Adalimumab.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effect of baseline risk factors on radiographic progression in patients with active psoriatic arthritis (PsA) who had an inadequate response to conventional synthetic disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs (csDMARD) and were treated with tofacitinib or adalimumab (ADA)., METHODS: Tofacitinib is an oral Janus kinase inhibitor for the treatment of PsA. OPAL Broaden was a 12-month, double-blind phase III trial. Patients received tofacitinib 5 mg twice daily (BID; n = 107), tofacitinib 10 mg BID (n = 104), or ADA 40 mg once every 2 weeks (n = 106), all with 1 background csDMARD. Radiographs (baseline and Month 12) were scored using the van der Heijde-modified total Sharp score (mTSS) for PsA. Radiographic nonprogression was defined as an increase from baseline in mTSS <= 0.5, <= 0, or <= 0.66. Changes from baseline in mTSS and nonprogression (<= 0.5 increase from baseline in mTSS) were analyzed by baseline C-reactive protein (CRP) > 2.87 or <= 2.87 mg/l. Baseline predictors of radiographic progression were analyzed., RESULTS: At Month 12, > 90% of patients receiving tofacitinib or ADA met all radiographic nonprogression criteria. Mean changes from baseline through Month 12 in mTSS, erosion, and joint space narrowing scores were close to 0. Changes in radiographic outcomes were minimal, irrespective of baseline CRP levels > 2.87 or <= 2.87 mg/l, with a small numerical difference observed for tofacitinib 5 mg BID. A significant relationship was observed between baseline CRP level and increases from baseline in mTSS > 0.5 at Month 12., CONCLUSION: Elevated CRP levels at baseline were associated with greater structural progression. Changes in radiographic outcomes were minimal regardless of CRP levels. [Clinical trial registration number (www.ClinicalTrials.gov): NCT01877668].
Achieving remission in psoriatic arthritis by early initiation of TNF inhibition: a double-blind, randomised, placebo-controlled trial of golimumab plus methotrexate versus placebo plus methotrexate.$$$ OBJECTIVES: Early initiation of effective treatment favours remission in rheumatoid arthritis, but it remains unknown if the same concept applies to psoriatic arthritis (PsA). Therefore, this study investigated whether the combination of golimumab plus methotrexate (MTX) as a first-line treatment is superior to MTX alone in inducing remission in PsA., METHODS: This investigator-initiated, multicentre, double-blind, randomised, placebo-controlled trial included 51 MTX and bDMARD-naive patients with PsA fulfilling the CASPAR criteria and with active disease at baseline (>=3 swollen joint count/tender joint count). Patients were randomised to golimumab (50 mg SC monthly)+MTX (n=26) (TNFi arm) or matched placebo+MTX (n=25) (MTX arm). MTX was started 15 mg/week and increased to 25 mg/week over 8 weeks. The primary endpoint was percentage of patients achieving Disease Activity Score (DAS) remission (<1.6) at week 22. Safety was assessed throughout the study., RESULTS: The primary efficacy endpoint was achieved by 81% in the TNFi arm versus 42 % in the MTX arm (p=0.004). This difference in DAS remission was already observed at week 8. A significant difference in favour of the golimumab+MTX arm at week 22 was also observed for other response criteria such as MDA, ACR20/50/70, disease measures and patient-reported outcomes. The occurrence rates of adverse event and treatment-emergent adverse event were similar in both arms., CONCLUSIONS: In patients with early PsA, DAS remission at week 22 was almost doubled with golimumab+MTX versus MTX alone. This double-blind, randomised, placebo-controlled study supports the concept that early initiation of TNFi in patients with PsA favours remission., TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NCT01871649. Copyright © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2019. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Comparison of the Efficacy and Safety of Tofacitinib and Apremilast in Patients with Active Psoriatic Arthritis: A Bayesian Network Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.$$$ BACKGROUND: Tofacitinib and apremilast have shown considerable efficacy in placebo-controlled trials of active psoriatic arthritis, but the relative efficacy and safety remain unclear because of a lack of head-to-head comparisons., OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to assess the relative efficacy and safety of tofacitinib and apremilast at different doses in patients with active psoriatic arthritis., METHOD: We performed a Bayesian network meta-analysis to combine evidence from randomized controlled trials for examination of the efficacy and safety of tofacitinib 10 mg, tofacitinib 5 mg, apremilast 30 mg, and apremilast 20 mg in psoriatic arthritis., RESULTS: Eight randomized controlled trials including 3086 patients met the inclusion criteria. There were ten pairwise comparisons including six direct comparisons of five interventions. All the interventions achieved a significant American College of Rheumatology 20 response compared with placebo. Tofacitinib 10 mg and apremilast 30 mg were among the most effective treatments for active psoriatic arthritis, followed by tofacitinib 5 mg, and apremilast 20 mg. The ranking probability based on the surface under the cumulative ranking curve (SUCRA) indicated that tofacitinib 10 mg had the highest probability of being the best treatment in terms of the American College of Rheumatology 20 response rate (SUCRA = 0.785). This was followed by apremilast 30 mg (SUCRA = 0.670), tofacitinib 5 mg (SUCRA = 0.596), apremilast 20 mg (SUCRA = 0.448), and placebo (SUCRA = 0.001). We observed no significant differences in the incidence of serious adverse events after treatment with tofacitinib 10 mg, apremilast 30 mg, tofacitinib 5 mg, apremilast 20 mg, or placebo., CONCLUSIONS: In patients with active psoriatic arthritis, tofacitinib 10 mg and apremilast 30 mg were the most efficacious interventions and were not associated with a significant risk of serious adverse events.
Short-term risk of major adverse cardiovascular events or congestive heart failure in patients with psoriatic arthritis or psoriasis initiating a biological therapy: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.$$$ Objective: The objective was to investigate the short-term risk of major adverse cardiovascular events (MACEs) or congestive heart failure (CHF) in patients with psoriatic arthritis (PsA) or psoriasis initiating a biological therapy., Methods: Screening for the study was carried out using MEDLINE, Cochrane and Embase, from the inception of the database to December 2017. Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of anti-tumour necrosis factor (TNF), anti-interleukin (IL)12/23, anti-IL23 and anti-IL17 agents for the treatment of PsA or psoriasis were included. Two investigators independently extracted MACEs or CHF data reported during the placebo-controlled phase. The primary outcome measures were the incidence of MACEs or CHF., Results: Of 753 references screened, 62 articles were selected, and 12 articles were added by manual searches. Accordingly 77 RCTs were included in the meta-analysis (MA) (10 174 patient-years (P-Y)). No significant difference was observed in MACE incidences in patients receiving anti-TNF, anti-IL12/23, anti-IL23 or anti-IL17 agents in comparison to the placebo. However, 10 MACEs were observed in the anti-IL12/23 group (1150 P-Y) compared with 1 in the placebo group (652 P-Y), with 0.01 -0.00 to 0.02 event/P-Y risk difference, which is not statistically significant. This trend was not observed in the anti-IL23 group. No significant difference was observed in CHF incidence in patients receiving biological agents in comparison to placebo., Conclusion: This MA of 77 RCTs did not reveal any significant change in the short-term risk of MACE or CHF in patients with PsA or psoriasis initiating a biological therapy.
Radiographic Progression Inhibition with Intravenous Golimumab in Psoriatic Arthritis: Week 24 Results of a Phase III, Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Trial.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Evaluate effects of intravenous (IV) golimumab (GOL) on radiographic progression in psoriatic arthritis (PsA)., METHODS: This phase III, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial (GO-VIBRANT) randomized patients with active PsA to receive IV placebo (n = 239) or IV GOL 2 mg/kg (n = 241) at weeks 0, 4, 12, and 20. Radiographic progression (controlled secondary endpoint) was evaluated as change from baseline at Week 24 in PsA-modified total Sharp/van der Heijde scores (SvdH). The proportions of patients with a change from baseline at Week 24 in the total PsA-modified SvdH exceeding the smallest detectable change (SDC) or > 0 or 0.5 also were determined., RESULTS: Overall, 474 patients (237/arm) contributed radiographic data. Results obtained from the 2 blinded, independent radiographic readers demonstrated good agreement (total score intraclass correlation coefficients: baseline = 0.93, Week 24 = 0.92, Week 24 change score = 0.73). GOL demonstrated significant inhibition of radiographic progression relative to placebo from baseline to Week 24 (mean changes in PsA-modified total SvdH: -0.36 vs 1.95; treatment difference: -2.32; p < 0.001). At Week 24, smaller proportions of GOL- versus placebo-treated patients demonstrated an increase in the total PsA-modified SvdH score exceeding the SDC (8.0% vs 27.0%, respectively; difference: -19.0%; p < 0.001), > 0 (28.3% vs 57.0%, respectively; difference: -28.7%; p < 0.001), or > 0.5 (18.6% vs 41.8%, respectively; difference: -23.2%; p < 0.001). Results were consistent for erosion and joint space narrowing scores, in hands and feet, and in patients with/without baseline concomitant methotrexate use. Prevention of radiographic progression by GOL was independent of clinical response., CONCLUSION: IV GOL is significantly better than placebo in inhibiting radiographic progression of structural damage in active PsA. [Clinical trial registration number (www.ClinicalTrials.gov): NCT02181673].
Long-term efficacy and safety of biosimilar infliximab (CT-P13) after switching from originator infliximab: open-label extension of the NOR-SWITCH trial.$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: The 52-week, randomized, double-blind, noninferiority, government-funded NOR-SWITCH trial demonstrated that switching from infliximab originator to less expensive biosimilar CT-P13 was not inferior to continued treatment with infliximab originator. The NOR-SWITCH extension trial aimed to assess efficacy, safety and immunogenicity in patients on CT-P13 throughout the 78-week study period (maintenance group) versus patients switched to CT-P13 at week 52 (switch group). The primary outcome was disease worsening during follow-up based on disease-specific composite measures., METHODS: Patients were recruited from 24 Norwegian hospitals, 380 of 438 patients who completed the main study: 197 in the maintenance group and 183 in the switch group. In the full analysis set, 127 (33%) had Crohn's disease, 80 (21%) ulcerative colitis, 67 (18%) spondyloarthritis, 55 (15%) rheumatoid arthritis, 20 (5%) psoriatic arthritis and 31 (8%) chronic plaque psoriasis., RESULTS: Baseline characteristics were similar in the two groups at the time of switching (week 52). Disease worsening occurred in 32 (16.8%) patients in the maintenance group vs. 20 (11.6%) in the switch group (per-protocol set). Adjusted risk difference was 5.9% (95% CI -1.1 to 12.9). Frequency of adverse events, anti-drug antibodies, changes in generic disease variables and disease-specific composite measures were comparable between arms. The study was inadequately powered to detect noninferiority within individual diseases., CONCLUSION: The NOR-SWITCH extension showed no difference in safety and efficacy between patients who maintained CT-P13 and patients who switched from originator infliximab to CT-P13, supporting that switching from originator infliximab to CT-P13 is safe and efficacious. Copyright © 2019 The Authors. Journal of Internal Medicine published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of Association for Publication of The Journal of Internal Medicine.
Etanercept and Methotrexate as Monotherapy or in Combination for Psoriatic Arthritis: Primary Results From a Randomized, Controlled Phase III Trial.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To examine the efficacy of methotrexate monotherapy relative to etanercept monotherapy and the value of combining methotrexate and etanercept for the treatment of patients with psoriatic arthritis (PsA)., METHODS: In this double-blind study, 851 patients with PsA were randomized to 1 of 3 treatment arms, as follows: oral methotrexate (20 mg) plus subcutaneous placebo given weekly (n = 284), subcutaneous etanercept (50 mg) plus oral placebo given weekly (n = 284), or subcutaneous etanercept (50 mg) plus oral methotrexate (20 mg) given weekly (combination therapy; n = 283). The American College of Rheumatology 20% improvement (ACR20) response and Minimal Disease Activity (MDA) response at week 24 were the primary end point and key secondary end point, respectively. Other measures of inflammatory arthritis, radiographic progression, and nonarticular disease manifestations were also assessed., RESULTS: Patients with PsA had a mean +/- SD age of 48.4 +/- 13.1 years, and the mean +/- SD duration of PsA was 3.2 +/- 6.3 years (median 0.6 years). ACR20 and MDA response rates at week 24 were significantly greater in patients who received etanercept monotherapy compared with those who received methotrexate monotherapy (ACR20, 60.9% versus 50.7% of patients [P = 0.029]; MDA, 35.9% versus 22.9% of patients [P = 0.005]), and both were significantly greater in the combination therapy group compared with the methotrexate monotherapy group at week 24 (ACR20, 65.0% versus 50.7% of patients [P = 0.005]; MDA, 35.7% versus 22.9% of patients [P = 0.005]). Other secondary outcomes (ACR50 and ACR70 response rates, proportions of patients achieving a Very Low Disease Activity score, and PsA disease activity scores) showed between-group differences that were consistent with the primary and key secondary end point results. Furthermore, patients in both etanercept treatment arms showed less radiographic progression at week 48 compared with patients who received methotrexate monotherapy. Outcomes were similar in the combination therapy and etanercept monotherapy groups, except for some skin end points. No new safety signals were seen., CONCLUSION: Etanercept monotherapy and combination therapy with etanercept and methotrexate showed greater efficacy than methotrexate monotherapy in patients with PsA, according to the ACR and MDA response rates and extent of radiographic progression at follow-up. Overall, combining methotrexate and etanercept did not improve the efficacy of etanercept. Copyright © 2019 The Authors. Arthritis & Rheumatology published by Wiley Periodicals, Inc. on behalf of American College ofRheumatology.
Treating to Target(s) With Interleukin-17 Inhibitors.$$$ BACKGROUND:: The treat-to-target (T2T) strategy has become established in several medical specialties as a key guidance to optimal therapeutic decision making. T2T may be effective in the assessment of the biologic class of agents called interleukin (IL)-17 inhibitors, which are emerging as a safe and effective treatment option for autoimmune inflammatory conditions such as plaque psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis (PsA), and ankylosing spondylitis (AS)., OBJECTIVE:: The objective of this article is to use a T2T approach for the evaluation of the effectiveness and safety of IL-17 inhibitors in the management of patients with plaque psoriasis, PsA, and AS., METHODS:: Following a comprehensive literature search, a full-day meeting was convened to discuss and identify the T2T targets for psoriasis, PsA, and AS. Clinical trial evidence was presented for the approved IL-17 inhibitors-secukinumab, ixekizumab, and brodalumab-to assess whether these data meet T2T safety and efficacy targets., RESULTS:: All 3 approved agents were significantly superior to placebo and active controls in the achievement of T2T targets for psoriasis. Secukinumab and ixekizumab were likewise associated with significantly better outcomes than controls in the PsA targets, and secukinumab resulted in significant AS target improvements vs placebo. The IL-17 inhibitors were also associated with low rates of serious adverse events and exacerbations of common comorbid conditions., CONCLUSION:: Phase III trial results support the T2T benefit and safety of IL-17 inhibitors according to their specific indications for the management of patients with plaque psoriasis, PsA, and AS.
Ustekinumab Safety in Psoriasis, Psoriatic Arthritis, and Crohn's Disease: An Integrated Analysis of Phase II/III Clinical Development Programs.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Theoretical risks of biologic agents remain under study., OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to integrate 1-year safety data from 12 ustekinumab registrational trials., METHODS: Patients had moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis, active psoriatic arthritis (PsA) (+/- methotrexate), or moderate-to-severe Crohn's disease (CD; failed/intolerant of immunomodulators/corticosteroids). Psoriatic patients received subcutaneous ustekinumab 45/90 mg or placebo, generally at week 0, week 4, then every 12 weeks thereafter, while those with CD received a single intravenous ustekinumab dose (130 mg or weight range-based dosing of approximately 6 mg/kg) or placebo induction dose at week 0, followed by subcutaneous ustekinumab 90 mg at week 8 and every 8/12 weeks thereafter. The incidence rates of a priori-defined safety events were integrated post hoc (adjusted for duration of follow-up, reported per 100 patient-years [PYs])., RESULTS: Among 6280 enrolled patients, 5884 ustekinumab-treated patients (psoriasis: 3117; PsA: 1018; CD: 1749) contributed 4521 PYs versus 674 PYs in placebo-treated patients through year 1 (829 PYs and 385 PYs during 8- to 16-week controlled periods). Combined across diseases among ustekinumab- versus placebo-treated patients, respective incidences/100 PYs (95% confidence intervals) of infections were 125.4 (122.2-128.7) versus 129.4 (120.9-138.3) through year 1, and not meaningfully increased in patients who did versus those who did not receive methotrexate (92.5 [84.2-101.5] vs. 115.3 [109.9-121.0]), or significantly increased in patients who did versus those who did not receive corticosteroids (116.3 [107.3-125.9] vs. 107.3 [102.0-112.8]) at baseline. Major adverse cardiovascular events (0.5 [0.3-0.7] vs. 0.3 [0.0-1.1]), malignancies (0.4 [0.2-0.6] vs. 0.2 [0.0-0.8]), and deaths (0.1 [0.0-0.3] vs. 0.0 [0.0-0.4]) were rare across indications., CONCLUSIONS: Ustekinumab demonstrated a favorable and consistent safety profile across registrational trials in approved indications., TRIAL REGISTRATIONS: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT00320216, NCT00267969, NCT00307437, NCT00454584, NCT00267956, NCT01009086, NCT01077362, NCT00265122, NCT00771667, NCT01369329, NCT01369342, and NCT01369355.
Efficacy and safety of systemic treatments in psoriatic arthritis: a systematic review, meta-analysis and GRADE evaluation.$$$ Twenty per cent of patients with plaque psoriasis also have psoriatic arthritis - a disease affecting joints and entheses. Different treatment options exist but currently no succinct systematic overview exists. A systematic review of approved systemic treatments for psoriatic arthritis was conducted. We systematically searched in three databases (last update September 2017). Data were extracted for ACR20/50, HAQ-DI, SF-36 and adverse/serious adverse events after 16-24 weeks. We assessed the quality of evidence using GRADE. Twenty trials were included. Three trials compared two active substances. Results for ACR20 were infliximab + methotrexate vs. methotrexate: RR 1.40 (95% CI 1.07-1.84) very low quality evidence; ixekizumab Q2W vs. adalimumab Q2W: RR 1.08 (95% CI 0.86-1.36) very low quality, leflunomide vs. methotrexate: RR 1.01, (95% CI 0.84-1.21) low quality. Eighteen drug vs. placebo comparisons were included. For ACR20/50, HAQ-DI and SF-36, the active treatment was efficacious and the quality of the evidence was mostly moderate to low (15 of 18 comparisons). The quality of evidence for (serious) adverse events was mostly low; differences were rare. In three placebo-controlled comparisons, leflunomide, MTX and sulfasalazine failed to show statistical superiority for ACR. Besides the established treatment of anti-TNF antibodies and ustekinumab for psoriatic arthritis, the newer treatment options of IL17 antibodies and apremilast are also effective for the treatment of psoriatic arthritis. Based on just one comparative trial and one drug each, the new class of anti-IL 17 antibodies appears to be equally effective as the group of anti-TNF antibodies; for apremilast, this is yet unclear. Copyright © 2019 European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
Efficacy and safety of mirikizumab (LY3074828) in the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: results from a randomized phase II study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Inhibiting interleukin (IL)-23 in patients with psoriasis has demonstrated high levels of skin clearance., OBJECTIVES: To investigate, in a phase II (AMAF; NCT02899988), multicentre, double-blind trial, the efficacy and safety of three doses of mirikizumab (LY3074828), a p19-directed IL-23 antibody, vs. placebo in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis., METHODS: Adult patients were randomized 1 : 1 : 1 : 1 to receive placebo (n = 52), mirikizumab 30 mg (n = 51), mirikizumab 100 mg (n = 51) or mirikizumab 300 mg (n = 51) subcutaneously at weeks 0 and 8. The primary objective was to evaluate the superiority of mirikizumab over placebo in achieving a 90% improvement in the Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI 90) response at week 16. Comparisons were done using logistic regression analysis with treatment, geographical region and previous biological therapy in the model. Missing data were imputed as nonresponses., RESULTS: Ninety-seven per cent of patients completed the first 16 weeks of the study. The primary end point was met for all mirikizumab dose groups vs. placebo, with PASI 90 response rates at week 16 of 0%, 29% (P = 0.009), 59% (P < 0.001) and 67% (P < 0.001) for patients receiving placebo, and mirikizumab 30 mg, 100 mg and 300 mg, respectively. There were two (1%) serious adverse events in mirikizumab-treated patients vs. one (2%) in a placebo-group patient., CONCLUSIONS: At week 16, 67% of patients treated with mirikizumab 300 mg at 8-week intervals achieved PASI 90. The percentage of patients reporting at least one treatment-emergent adverse event was similar among patients treated with placebo or mirikizumab. Copyright © 2019 British Association of Dermatologists.
Secukinumab for moderate-to-severe palmoplantar pustular psoriasis: Results of the 2PRECISE study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Palmoplantar pustular psoriasis (PPP) is a debilitating disease of the palms and/or soles that is resistant to treatment. Secukinumab, an anti-interleukin 17A monoclonal antibody, is highly efficacious in the treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis., OBJECTIVE: The primary objective was to determine the rate of achievement of a 75% improvement from baseline in Palmoplantar Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PPPASI75) with secukinumab at week 16 versus with placebo (at a 2.5% significance level)., METHODS: 2PRECISE was a phase 3b multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group study comparing treatment with 300 mg of secukinumab (n = 79), 150 mg of secukinumab (n = 80), and placebo (n = 78) in subjects with moderate-to-severe PPP over a period of 52 weeks., RESULTS: The primary end point was not met. At week 16, 26.6% of subjects treated with 300 mg of secukinumab achieved PPPASI75 versus 14.1% of those who received placebo (P = .0411) (odds ratio, 2.62; 95% confidence interval, 1.04-6.60). At week 52, 41.8% of subjects treated with 300 mg of secukinumab had achieved ppPASI75. More Dermatology Life Quality Index responses of 0 or 1 were achieved with 300 mg of secukinumab (13.0%) than with placebo (4.3%) at week 16. At week 52, 43.1% of subjects receiving 300 mg of secukinumab had a Dermatology Life Quality Index response of 0 or 1. No unexpected adverse events were observed., LIMITATIONS: Small sample size and characteristics of the PPP disease course., CONCLUSION: Patients with PPP who were treated with secukinumab, 300 mg, showed benefit in terms of PPPASI75 responses over 52 weeks and improved quality of life. Copyright © 2019 American Academy of Dermatology, Inc. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Tofacitinib or adalimumab versus placebo: patient-reported outcomes from OPAL Broaden-a phase III study of active psoriatic arthritis in patients with an inadequate response to conventional synthetic disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs.$$$ Objectives: Tofacitinib is an oral Janus kinase inhibitor for treatment of psoriatic arthritis (PsA). We evaluated patient-reported outcomes (PROs) in patients with PsA refractory to >=1 conventional synthetic disease-modifying antirheumatic drug (csDMARD-IR) and tumour necrosis factor inhibitor-naive in a 12-month, phase III randomised controlled trial (OPAL Broaden [NCT01877668])., Methods: Patients (N=422) received tofacitinib 5 mg or 10 mg twice daily, adalimumab 40 mg subcutaneously every 2 weeks or placebo advancing to tofacitinib 5 mg or 10 mg twice daily at month 3. Least squares mean changes from baseline and percentages of patients reporting improvements >=minimum clinically important differences (MCID); and scores >=normative values in: Patient Global Assessment of disease activity (PtGA), Pain, Patient Global Joint and Skin Assessment (PGJS), Short Form-36 Health Survey version 2 (SF-36v2), Functional Assessment of Chronic Illness Therapy-Fatigue (FACIT-Fatigue), EuroQol 5-Dimensions-3-level questionnaire (EQ-5D-3L) and Ankylosing Spondylitis Quality of Life (ASQoL) were determined. Nominal p values were cited without multiple comparison adjustments., Results: At month 3, PtGA, Pain, PGJS, FACIT-Fatigue, EQ-5D-3L, ASQoL and SF-36v2 Physical Component Summary (PCS), physical functioning (PF), bodily pain (BP) and vitality domain scores exceeded placebo with both tofacitinib doses (p<=0.05); SF-36v2 social functioning with 5 mg twice daily (p<=0.05). Percentages reporting improvements >=MCID in PtGA, Pain, PGJS, FACIT-Fatigue, ASQoL and SF-36v2 PCS, PF, BP and general health scores exceeded placebo with both tofacitinib doses (p<=0.05) and were similar with adalimumab., Conclusion: csDMARD-IR patients with active PsA reported statistically and clinically meaningful improvements in PROs with tofacitinib compared with placebo at Month 3.
Methotrexate efficacy and tolerance in plaque psoriasis. A prospective real-life multicentre study in France.$$$ BACKGROUND: Methotrexate (MTX) is a major systemic treatment for moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. A randomized trial has recently been published evaluating a single weekly dosage (17.5mg), but few prospective real-life data are available. The main objective of this study was to prospectively evaluate the efficacy of MTX in real-life. The secondary objectives were to evaluate predictive parameters for treatment efficacy and the frequency of adverse events., PATIENTS AND METHODS: A prospective cohort involving consecutive at in 25 centres belonging to GEM RESOPSO included all adults with plaque psoriasis in whom MTX treatment was initiated. The efficacy criterion was achievement of PASI 75 at week (W) 12/16. The impact of demographic data, psoriasis characteristics (duration, topography, rheumatism), dosage (W12/16 dosage, cumulative dose after 4 weeks), and mode of administration (subcutaneous vs. oral, concomitant use of folic acid) on efficacy was evaluated. Intention-to-treat (ITT),per protocol (PP), and multivariate analyses were performed., RESULTS: Two hundred and fifty-six patients (F/M: 105/151; mean age: 45.0 years; rheumatism: 12.6%) with plaque psoriasis were included. 99 patients were not analysed at W12/16 (16 because of inefficacy, 16 because of intolerance, 56 were lost to follow-up or had data missing). PASI 75 was achieved in 98 patients, with efficacy of 38.3% in the ITT analysis and 58.3% in the PP analysis. In the ITT analysis, absence of previous use of cyclosporine (P=0.01) and a cumulative dose of MTX>60mg after 4 weeks (P<0.0001) were associated with higher PASI 75 rates. In the PP analysis, only absence of previous use of cyclosporine (P=0.0009) was associated with a better PASI 75 results. There was no association between PASI 75 and patient characteristics (including body mass index), clinical aspects of psoriasis, route of administration, combination with folic acid, or W12/16 dose. Adverse events were reported by 34.8% of patients. These consisted mainly of digestive disorders (nausea, abdominal pain), asthenia and moderate hepatic cytolysis. The frequency of adverse events was correlated with methotrexate dosage., DISCUSSION: The efficacy of MTX in plaque psoriasis in this real-life study of 256 patients is consistent with the data in the literature, including the recently published randomized trial (41% PASI 75). This rate was unaffected by patient weight, route of administration and combined use of folic acid. Absence of previous use of cyclosporine appears to be associated with better efficacy although there is no clear explanation for this. The initial dosage (high dose in the first month) appears to be associated with superior efficacy for W12/W16. Copyright © 2018 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Long-term efficacy and safety of secukinumab in Japanese patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: 3-year results of a double-blind extension study.$$$ Secukinumab, a fully human monoclonal antibody neutralizing interleukin-17A, has been shown to have significant efficacy in the treatment of moderate to severe psoriasis. Long-term (3-year) efficacy and safety of secukinumab in Japanese patients with moderate to severe psoriasis were evaluated in an extension study of a large phase 3 global study (SCULPTURE). In the core study, 52 Japanese patients with 75% improvement of Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI-75) response at week 12 were re-randomized to a fixed interval (FI; every 4 weeks) schedule and retreatment as needed (RAN), in which patients received placebo until start of relapse, at which time secukinumab was reinitiated. Fifty Japanese patients completed the 52-week core study, and 47 patients entered the extension study with the same double-blind regimens up to week 152. All patients in the secukinumab 300 mg FI and seven patients in 150 mg FI groups completed 3 years of treatment. PASI-90 and -100 at the end of year 3 were achieved in 69.2% and 53.8%, respectively, in 300 mg FI and 42.9% and 42.9%, respectively, in 150 mg FI, indicating high sustained response in 300 mg FI. Mean absolute PASI was continually low in 300 mg FI and numerically higher in 150 mg FI. Dermatology Life Quality Index of 0/1 was maintained by approximately two-thirds of 300 mg FI patients, and all EuroQoL 5-Dimension Health Questionnaire domain measures were also improved. FI dosing was consistently more efficacious than RAN. The safety profile of secukinumab remained favorable, with no new safety concerns identified. Copyright © 2019 The Authors. The Journal of Dermatology published by John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd on behalf of Japanese Dermatological Association.
Population pharmacokinetics of brodalumab in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.$$$ Brodalumab is a fully human monoclonal antibody targeting the IL-17 receptor A leading to an inhibition of the biological effect of IL-17A, IL-17F, IL-17A/F heterodimer, IL-17C and IL-17E isoforms. It has shown to be efficacious in the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis (210 mg administered subcutaneously at weeks 0, 1 and 2 followed by 210 mg every 2 weeks [Q2W+1]). A population pharmacokinetic model based on psoriasis patients only from six clinical trials was developed to describe the pharmacokinetics and identify sources of variability. In patients with psoriasis, Brodalumab exhibits non-linear pharmacokinetics due to target-mediated drug disposition resulting in concentration-dependent clearance. The pharmacokinetics was best described by a two-compartment model with linear absorption and combined linear and Michaelis-Menten elimination. The subcutaneous bioavailability of Brodalumab was 55%, absorption rate was 0.30 day-1 , and body-weight was found to affect the volume of distribution and clearance. For a reference patient with plaque psoriasis (body-weight of 90 kg), the estimates were 0.16 L/d for linear serum clearance, 6.1 mg/d for the maximum non-linear clearance rate, and 4.7 and 2.4 L for central and peripheral volume of distribution, respectively. For the approved dosing regimen, time to maximum concentration was 4 days and 90% of steady-state was achieved after 10 weeks for a reference patient. Following last dose at steady-state, 90% of the population of reference patients will reach serum concentrations below lower limit of quantification after 45 days. Copyright © 2019 The Authors. Basic & Clinical Pharmacology & Toxicology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of Nordic Association for the Publication of BCPT (former Nordic Pharmacological Society).
Methotrexate for psoriatic arthritis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease associated with joint damage, impaired function, pain, and reduced quality of life. Methotrexate is a disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drug (DMARD) commonly prescribed to alleviate symptoms, attenuate disease activity, and prevent progression of disease., OBJECTIVES: To assess the benefits and harms of methotrexate for psoriatic arthritis in adults., SEARCH METHODS: We searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, the WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform, and www.clinicaltrials.gov for relevant records. We searched all databases from inception to 29 January 2018. We handsearched included articles for additional records and contacted study authors for additional unpublished data. We applied no language restrictions., SELECTION CRITERIA: We included all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi-RCTs that compared methotrexate versus placebo, or versus another DMARD, for adults with psoriatic arthritis. We reported on the following major outcomes: disease response (measured by psoriatic arthritis response criteria (PsARC)), function (measured by the Health Assessment Questionnaire for Rheumatoid Arthritis (HAQ)), health-related quality of life, disease activity (measured by disease activity score (28 joints) with erythrocyte sedimentation rate (DAS28-ESR)), radiographic progression, serious adverse events, and withdrawals due to adverse events., DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Two review authors independently reviewed search results, assessed risk of bias, extracted trial data, and assessed the quality of evidence using the GRADE approach. We undertook meta-analysis only when this was meaningful., MAIN RESULTS: We included in this review eight RCTs conducted in an outpatient setting, in Italy, the United Kingdom, the United States of America, China, Russia, and Bangladesh. Five studies compared methotrexate versus placebo, and four studies compared methotrexate versus other DMARDs. The average age of participants varied across studies (26 to 52 years), as did the average duration of psoriatic arthritis (one to nine years). Doses of methotrexate varied from 7.5 mg to 25 mg orally per week, but most studies administered approximately 15 mg or less orally per week. Risk of bias was generally unclear or high across most domains for all studies. We considered only one study to have low risk of selection and detection bias. The main study informing results of the primary comparison (methotrexate vs placebo up to six months) was at low risk of bias for all domains except attrition bias and reporting bias. We restricted reporting of results to the comparison of methotrexate versus placebo for up to six months. Low-quality evidence (downgraded due to bias and imprecision) from a single study (221 participants; methotrexate dose 15 mg orally or less per week) informed results for disease response, function, and disease activity. Disease response, measured by the proportion who responded to treatment according to PsARC (response indicates improvement), was 41/109 in the methotrexate group and 24/112 in the placebo group (risk ratio (RR) 1.76, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.14 to 2.70). This equates to an absolute difference of 16% more responders with methotrexate (4% more to 28% more), and a number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) of 6 (95% CI 5 to 25). Mean function, measured by the HAQ (scale 0 to 3; 0 meaning no functional impairment; minimum clinically important difference 0.22), was 1.0 points with placebo and 0.3 points better (95% 0.51 better to 0.09 better) with methotrexate; absolute improvement was 10% (3% better to 17% better), and relative improvement 30% (9% better to 51% better). Mean disease activity as measured by the DAS28-ESR (scale of 0 to 10; lower score means lower disease activity; minimum clinically important difference unknown) was 3.8 points in the methotrexate group and 4.06 points in the placebo group; mean difference was -0.26 points (95% CI -0.65 to 0.13); absolute improvement was 3% (7% better to 1% worse), and relative improvement 6% (16% better to 3% worse). Low-quality evidence (downgraded due to risk of bias and imprecision) from three studies (n = 293) informed our results for serious adverse events and withdrawals due to adverse events. Due to low event rates, we are uncertain if methotrexate results show increased risk of serious adverse events or withdrawals due to adverse events compared to placebo. Results show 1/141 serious adverse events in the methotrexate group and 4/152 in the placebo group: RR 0.26 (95% CI 0.03 to 2.26); absolute difference was 2% fewer events with methotrexate (5% fewer to 1% more). In all, 9/141 withdrawals in the methotrexate group were due to adverse events and 7/152 in the placebo group: RR 1.32 (95% CI 0.51 to 3.42); absolute difference was 1% more withdrawals (4% fewer to 6% more). One study measured health-related quality of life but did not report these results. No study measured radiographic progression., AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: Low-quality evidence suggests that low-dose (15 mg or less) oral methotrexate might be slightly more effective than placebo when taken for six months; however we are uncertain if it is more harmful. Effects of methotrexate on health-related quality of life, radiographic progression, enthesitis, dactylitis, and fatigue; its benefits beyond six months; and effects of higher-dose methotrexate have not been measured or reported in a randomised placebo-controlled trial.
Real-world treatment patterns and healthcare costs among biologic-naive patients initiating apremilast or biologics for the treatment of psoriasis.$$$ OBJECTIVE: This study compared real-world treatment patterns and healthcare costs among biologic-naive psoriasis patients initiating apremilast or biologics., METHODS: A retrospective cohort study was conducted using the Optum Clinformatics TM claims database. Patients with psoriasis were selected if they had initiated apremilast or biologics between January 1, 2014, and December 31, 2015; had 12 months of pre-index and post-index continuous enrollment in the database; and were biologic-naive. The index date was defined as the date of the first claim for apremilast or biologic, and occurred between January 1, 2014, and December 31, 2015. Treatment persistence was defined as continuous treatment without a > 60-day gap in therapy (discontinuation) or a switch to a different psoriasis treatment during the 12-month post-index period. Adherence was defined as a medication possession ratio (MPR) of >= 80% while persistent on the index treatment. Persistence-based MPR was defined as the number of days with the medication on hand measured during the patients' period of treatment persistence divided by the duration of the period of treatment persistence. Because patients were not randomized, apremilast patients were propensity score matched up to 1:2 to biologic patients to adjust for possible selection bias. Treatment persistence/adherence and all-cause healthcare costs were evaluated. Cost differences were determined using Wilcoxon rank-sum tests., RESULTS: In all, 343 biologic-naive patients initiating apremilast were matched to 680 biologic-naive patients initiating biologics. After matching, patient characteristics were similar between cohorts. Twelve-month treatment persistence was similar for biologic-naive patients initiating apremilast vs biologics (32.1% vs 33.2%; p = 0.7079). While persistent on therapy up to 12 months, per-patient per-month (PPPM) total healthcare costs were significantly lower among biologic-naive cohorts initiating apremilast vs biologics ($2,214 vs $5,184; p < 0.0001). Likewise, PPPM costs while persistent on therapy were significantly lower among patients initiating apremilast vs biologics, whether they switched treatments ($2,475 vs $4,422; p < 0.0001), remained persistent ($2,279 vs $3,883; p < 0.0001), or discontinued but did not switch treatments ($2,104 vs $6,294; p < 0.0001)., LIMITATIONS: Data were limited to individuals with United Healthcare commercial and Medicare Advantage insurance plans, and may not be generalizable to psoriasis patients with other insurance or without health insurance coverage., CONCLUSION: Biologic-naive patients with similar patient characteristics receiving apremilast vs biologics had significantly lower PPPM costs, even when they switched to biologics during the 12-month post-index period. These results may be useful to payers and providers seeking to optimize psoriasis care while reducing healthcare costs.
Risankizumab vs. ustekinumab for plaque psoriasis: a critical appraisal.$$$ AIM: Gordon et al. investigated the efficacy and safety of risankizumab [an anti-interleukin (IL)-23p19 biologic] compared with ustekinumab (anti-IL-12/23p40) and placebo in patients with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis. This was a parallel-group controlled study up to 16 weeks with a planned switch of the placebo group to risankizumab at 16 weeks., SETTING AND DESIGN: This study consisted of two replicate phase III, double-blinded randomized controlled trials (UltIMMa-1 and UltIMMa-2) conducted across 139 centres in Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Japan, Mexico, Poland, Portugal, South Korea, Spain and the U.S.A., STUDY EXPOSURE: Patients with a minimum 6-month history of chronic plaque psoriasis were randomly assigned to receive either 150 mg risankizumab, 45 mg or 90 mg ustekinumab or placebo. Prior to this, each group was also stratified by weight (either more than or less than 100 kg) and previous exposure to tumour necrosis factor inhibitors. Those assigned to receive placebo were transitioned onto risankizumab at week 16. The study drugs were given at weeks 0, 4, 16, 28 and 40., OUTCOMES: The severity of psoriasis was measured using the Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) and a static Physician's Global Assessment (sPGA). The authors additionally recorded the number of adverse events in each treatment arm, and a measure of quality of life., PRIMARY OUTCOME MEASURES: The coprimary outcomes were the proportions of patients achieving >= 90% reduction in their baseline PASI (PASI 90) and an sPGA score of 0 or 1 (clear or almost clear) at week 16., RESULTS: In total 506 patients were included in UltIMMa-1 and 491 patients in UltIMMa-2. In UltIMMa-1, PASI 90 by week 16 was achieved by 75.3% of patients receiving risankizumab, compared with 42.0% receiving ustekinumab and 4.9% receiving placebo (P < 0.001 vs. placebo and ustekinumab). sPGA of 0 or 1 by week 16 was achieved by 87.6% of patients receiving risankizumab, compared with 63.0% receiving ustekinumab and 7.8% receiving placebo (P < 0.001 vs. placebo and ustekinumab). The results for UltIMMa-2 are similar. The frequencies of adverse events in the risankizumab, ustekinumab and placebo groups were similar in both studies., CONCLUSIONS: Gordon et al. conclude that risankizumab has a higher efficacy than placebo and ustekinumab in the treatment of moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis, and that the adverse-event profiles were similar across all treatment groups. Copyright © 2019 British Association of Dermatologists.
Inhibition of radiographic progression in psoriatic arthritis by adalimumab independent of the control of clinical disease activity.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the relationship between radiographic progression and disease activity in subjects with PsA treated with adalimumab (ADA) or placebo (PBO) and the impact of concomitant MTX., METHODS: This was a post hoc analysis of the randomized, double-blind, PBO-controlled ADEPT trial. Subjects were categorized according to time-averaged (TA) disease activity (remission, low, moderate or high) based on Disease Activity Score of 28 joints with CRP [DAS28(CRP)], Disease Activity Index for Psoriatic Arthritis (DAPSA) or Psoriatic Arthritis Disease Activity Score (PASDAS), and achievement of minimal disease activity (MDA) at week 24. Radiographic progression was assessed as change in modified total Sharp score (DELTAmTSS) from baseline to week 24. The analyses included interaction terms between disease activity and treatment on radiographic progression, comparison of radiographic progression in subjects categorized by disease activity and treatment, and correlation between disease activity and radiographic progression by treatment., RESULTS: The interaction terms for TA disease activity and treatment on DELTAmTSS were significant (P = 0.002-0.008). Irrespective of concomitant MTX, DELTAmTSS was lower with ADA vs PBO in all disease activity categories. Importantly, even in subjects having moderate or high disease activity or not achieving MDA, DELTAmTSS was significantly lower on ADA than PBO (P = 0.05-0.001 for TA-DAPSA, TA-PASDAS and MDA). Correlations between TA disease activity scores and DELTAmTSS were moderately positive and significant (P < 0.001) with PBO but non-significant with ADA., CONCLUSION: Among subjects with PsA treated with ADA, there was evidence of a 'disconnect' between disease activity and radiographic progression: inhibition of radiographic progression was greater than expected based on control of clinical disease activity alone. MTX had no added effect., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov, http://clinicaltrials.gov, NCT00646386. Copyright © The Author(s) 2019. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the British Society for Rheumatology.
Biosimilars of adalimumab: the upcoming challenge in IBD.$$$ Introduction: Biosimilars represent great potential in cost saving and re-investment opportunities in healthcare and allow patients greater access to effective mAbs. Infliximab biosimilars are successfully used in all indications for whom the reference product (RP) was approved. Areas covered: In late 2018, adalimumab biosimilars will also be available in patients with inflammatory bowel disease (IBD). ABP501, BI 695501, GP2017, and SB5 have been approved by the EMA for the same indications of the reference product (RP, Humira R). Preclinical data show high similarity between all biosimilars and the RP. Clinical data in patients with rheumatoid arthritis and psoriasis also show no differences in terms of efficacy, safety, and immunogenicity. Data in IBD patients are still lacking. Expert opinion: Biosimilars of adalimumab appear to be clinically equivalent to the RP. Decisions based on choosing the ideal patient to receive or to be switched to a biosimilar of adalimumab, or choosing one biosimilar vs. another, or cross-switching among biosimilars remain the next challenge in the field of IBD.
Methotrexate achieves major cDAPSA response, and improvement in dactylitis and functional status in psoriatic arthritis.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Despite the widespread clinical use of MTX in PsA, data from published randomized controlled studies suggest limited efficacy. The objective of the present study was to document the efficacy of MTX., METHODS: This was an open-label, prospective study of patients satisfying the ClASsification criteria for Psoriatic ARthritis study (CASPAR) criteria for PsA who received MTX in doses of 15 mg/week throughout the follow-up period of 9 months. Disease activity was assessed across various domains by tender and swollen joint count, physician and patient global assessment, DAS-28 ESR, Clinical Disease Activity Index for PsA (cDAPSA), Leeds Dactylitis Instrument basic, Leeds Enthesitis Index (LEI), Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI), Minimal Disease Activity and HAQ (CRD Pune version) at baseline and at 3, 6 and 9 months of follow-up. Response to therapy was assessed by EULAR DAS28 ESR, Disease Activity Index for PsA (cDAPSA) response, HAQ response and PASI75. MTX dose escalation and the use of combination DMARDS were dictated by disease activity., RESULTS: A total of 73 patients were included, with mean (s.d.) age 44 (9.7) years. The mean (s.d.) dose of MTX used was 17.5 (3.8) mg/week. Seven patients received additional DMARDS (LEF/SSZ). At the end of 9 months, significant improvement (P < 0.05) was noted in the tender joint count, swollen joint count, global activity, DAS-28ESR, cDAPSA, Leeds Dactylitis Index basic, LEI, PASI and HAQ. Major cDAPSA response was achieved in 58.9% of patients. EULAR DAS28 moderate and good response was achieved in 74% and 6.8% of patients, respectively. Minimal Disease Activity was achieved in 63% of patients. A PASI75 response and HAQ response was achieved in 67.9% and 65.8% of patients, respectively., CONCLUSION: MTX initiated at 15 mg/week with targeted escalation resulted in significant improvement in the skin, joint, dactylitis, enthesitis and functional domains of PsA. Copyright © The Author(s) 2018. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the British Society for Rheumatology. All rights reserved. For permissions, please email: journals.permissions@oup.com.
Psoriatic skin molecular and histopathologic profiles after treatment with risankizumab versus ustekinumab.$$$ BACKGROUND: IL-23 contributes to the activation, maintenance, and proliferation of TH17 cells and plays a major role in psoriasis pathophysiology. IL-23p19 inhibition with risankizumab resulted in superior clinical responses in patients with psoriasis compared with ustekinumab (dual IL-12/IL-23 inhibitor), but comparative molecular effects have not been established., OBJECTIVE: We investigated the similarities and differences in molecular and histopathologic profiles in skin lesions from patients with psoriasis receiving risankizumab versus ustekinumab at an early time point., METHODS: Lesional skin biopsy samples from 81 patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis participating in 2 different studies (a phase I risankizumab study and a phase II study of risankizumab vs ustekinumab) were analyzed by using histopathology, immunohistochemistry, and RNA sequencing., RESULTS: Risankizumab induced a rapid decrease in levels of proteins and transcriptomic biomarkers associated with the IL-23 pathway, which were maintained through 8 weeks. At week 4, risankizumab decreased histopathologic expression of biomarkers, including K16, Ki67, CD3, lipocalin-2, CD11c, dendritic cell lysosome-associated membrane glycoprotein, beta-defensin 2, and S100A7; global histopathologic scoring revealed that 54% and 69% of patients treated with 90 or 180 mg of risankizumab, respectively, were graded as experiencing "excellent improvement" versus 29% of patients treated with ustekinumab. At week 4, there was a common decrease in expression of 2645 genes expressed in lesional skin between patients receiving risankizumab and ustekinumab and a significant decrease in 2682 genes unique to risankizumab treatment. Risankizumab more strongly downregulated expression of genes associated with keratinocytes, epidermal cells, and monocytes, versus ustekinumab., CONCLUSION: Risankizumab demonstrated more pronounced changes in the molecular and histopathologic profile of psoriatic skin lesions compared with ustekinumab at week 4. Copyright © 2019 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Anti-interleukin-12 and anti-interleukin-23 agents in Crohn's disease.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Blockers of IL-12/23, as well as specific blockers of IL-23, have been investigated as options for medical therapy in inflammatory bowel disease. These biological agents include ustekinumab - the first agent of this pharmacological class which has shown clinical efficacy in psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis, and moderate-to-severe Crohn's disease (CD) - and other monoclonal antibodies under investigation, including brazikumab, risankizumab, mirikizumab, and guselkumab., AREAS COVERED: This review will focus on the rationale of the blockade of IL-12/23 axis in CD, efficacy and safety data of ustekinumab derived from randomized controlled trials and real-life observational studies, and the preliminary data of the highly promising selective IL-23 inhibitors., EXPERT OPINION: Data from literature have demonstrated that ustekinumab holds the potential to deserve a relevant role in the management of patients with CD thanks to several properties, including the fast onset of action, the long duration of efficacy, the favorable safety profile, the systemic anti-inflammatory effect, and the peculiar way of administration. Nonetheless, additional research is warranted to determine the real value of ustekinumab, as current data are not able to answer all the questions about its effectiveness in real-life practice, and the external validity of the available results is not absolute.
Ixekizumab improves patient-reported outcomes in patients with active psoriatic arthritis and inadequate response to tumour necrosis factor inhibitors: SPIRIT-P2 results to 52 weeks.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To report patient-reported outcomes (PROs) of ixekizumab-treated patients with psoriatic arthritis (PsA) and an inadequate response (IR) or intolerance to tumour necrosis factor inhibitors (TNFi) to 52 weeks., METHODS: In SPIRIT-P2, patients with active PsA and an IR or intolerance to TNFi were randomised to ixekizumab 80 mg every 4 weeks (IXEQ4W; N=122) or every 2 weeks (IXEQ2W; N=123), or placebo (PBO; N=118) during the initial 24-week double-blind treatment period. At Week 16, background therapy was modified for IRs; additionally, IRs in the placebo group were re-randomised (1:1) to IXEQ2W or IXEQ4W. Patients receiving ixekizumab at Week 24 received the same dose during the study remainder. Patients completed several PROs for PsA disease activity, skin, health-related quality of life (HRQOL, and work through Week 52., RESULTS: Ixekizumab-treated patients reported significant improvements versus PBO in 36-Item Short Form Health Survey version 2, European Quality of Life 5 Dimensions visual analogue scale, Bath Ankylosing Spondylitis Disease Activity Index (total score and question 2), and Work Productivity and Activity Impairment Questionnaire-Specific Health Problem (3 of 4 domains) through Week 24. At Week 24, 9% (PBO), 52% (IXEQ4W), and 50% (IXEQ2W) of patients reported Dermatology Life Quality Index scores of 0 or 1; 0% (PBO) and 24% (IXEQ4W and IXEQ2W) reported Itch Numeric Rating Scale score of 0. Where data were collected, improvements persisted through Week 52., CONCLUSIONS: In patients with PsA and an IR or intolerance to TNFi, ixekizumab significantly improved disease activity, skin symptoms, HRQOL, and work productivity to 52 weeks.
When IL-17 inhibitors fail: Real-life evidence to switch from secukinumab to adalimumab or ustekinumab.$$$ Psoriasis is a chronic, systemic inflammatory disease that in the moderate to severe forms may benefit of biologics, namely TNF and IL-12/23 and IL-17 inhibitors. Loss of response, lack of response, or discontinuation due to adverse events represent a concrete therapeutic challenge for dermatologists that have to switch patients to other treatments. Although some evidences already exist toward the switch from IL-12/23 and TNF inhibitors to IL-17 inhibitors, conversely nothing is present toward the switch from IL-17 inhibitors to IL-12/23 and TNF inhibitors. We performed a real-life study enrolling 50 patients randomly switched to adalimuamb, a TNF inhibitor, or ustekinumab, an IL-12/23 inhibitor. Our observational study suggests that switching from IL-17i to TNFi and IL-12/23i is a safe and effective therapeutic strategy. Copyright © 2018 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Impact of Secukinumab on Endothelial Dysfunction and Other Cardiovascular Disease Parameters in Psoriasis Patients over 52 Weeks.$$$ Psoriasis increases the risk of cardiovascular (CV) disease. Secukinumab, a fully human monoclonal antibody against IL-17A, shows significant efficacy in psoriasis, but effects on CV markers are unknown. CARIMA (Evaluation of Cardiovascular Risk Markers in Psoriasis Patients Treated with Secukinumab) was a 52-week, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, exploratory trial in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis without clinical CV disease. Patients were randomly assigned to receive 300 mg or 150 mg secukinumab until week 52 or to receive placebo until week 12 and then 300 mg or 150 mg secukinumab until week 52. The primary outcome was endothelial function measured by flow-mediated dilation (FMD). Baseline FMD was significantly lower in psoriasis patients than healthy volunteers (4.4 +/- 3.9% vs. 6.1 +/- 3.3%, P = 0.01). At week 12, baseline-adjusted mean FMD was numerically higher in patients receiving secukinumab versus those receiving placebo, but this difference (300-mg group, +1.2%; 150-mg group, +0.76%; P = 0.223 and P = 0.403 by analysis of covariance) did not reach significance. At week 52, FMD increased across groups. FMD was significantly higher than baseline in patients receiving the label dose of 300 mg secukinumab for 52 weeks (+2.1%, 95% confidence interval = 0.8-3.3; P = 0.0022). Other relevant CV markers were unchanged. CARIMA indicates that secukinumab might have a beneficial effect on CV risk by improving the endothelial function of patients with plaque psoriasis. Copyright © 2018 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Safety of guselkumab in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis treated through 100 weeks: a pooled analysis from the randomized VOYAGE 1 and VOYAGE 2 studies.$$$ BACKGROUND: Long-term evaluation is required to confirm the safety profile of newer biologic agents., OBJECTIVES: To report on pooled safety data from the ongoing VOYAGE 1 (NCT02207231) and VOYAGE 2 (NCT02207244) trials through 100 weeks of follow-up., METHODS: Patients were randomized to either guselkumab 100 mg at weeks 0 and 4 and every 8 weeks thereafter; placebo at weeks 0, 4, 12 followed by guselkumab 100 mg at weeks 16 and 20 and every 8 weeks thereafter; or adalimumab 80 mg at week 0, 40 mg at week 1, and 40 mg every 2 weeks thereafter. Patients who received adalimumab crossed over to guselkumab at week 52 (VOYAGE 1) and at/after week 28 based on clinical response (VOYAGE 2). Open-label extensions, in which all patients received guselkumab, started at week 52 (VOYAGE 1) and week 76 (VOYAGE 2). Rates of adverse events (AEs) per 100 patient-years (PYs) are presented through 100 weeks of follow-up., RESULTS: Through week 52, observed rates for guselkumab- and adalimumab-treated patients, respectively, were 262.45 per 100 PYs and 328.28 per 100 PYs for AEs, 6.20 per 100 PYs and 7.77 per 100 PYs for serious AEs (SAEs), 1.22 per 100 PYs and 1.79 per 100 PYs for serious infections (SIs), 0.28 per 100 PYs and 0.40 per 100 PYs for malignancies other than nonmelanoma skin cancers (NMSCs), 0.56 per 100 PYs and 0.40 per 100 PYs for NMSCs, and 0.47 per 100 PYs and 0.40 per 100 PYs for major adverse cardiovascular events (MACEs). Rates among patients treated with guselkumab through week 52 and week 100, respectively, were 262.45 per 100 PYs and 210.41 per 100 PYs for AEs, 6.20 and 6.29 per 100 PYs, for SAEs, 1.22 per 100 PYs and 1.06 per 100 PYs for SIs, 0.28 per 100 PYs and 0.38 per 100 PYs for malignancies, 0.56 per 100 PYs and 0.39 per 100 PYs for NMSCs, and 0.47 per 100 PYs and 0.38 per 100 PYs for MACEs. Among patients treated with adalimumab, rates of AEs, SAEs, SIs, malignancies, NMSCs, and MACEs showed some variability before and after crossover to guselkumab, although no new safety signals were noted after crossover., CONCLUSIONS: The safety profile for guselkumab remains favourable through 100 weeks of treatment in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis. Copyright © 2018 British Association of Dermatologists.
Efficacy and Safety of Brodalumab in Patients with Moderate-to-Severe Plaque Psoriasis and Skin of Color: Results from the Pooled AMAGINE-2/-3 Randomized Trials.$$$ BACKGROUND: Data on treatment outcomes in patients with psoriasis who have skin of color are limited. Brodalumab has shown efficacy in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis., OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to evaluate the efficacy, safety, and health-related quality of life associated with brodalumab in patients with skin of color participating in two phase III, multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo- and active comparator-controlled studies (AMAGINE-2/-3)., METHODS: Patients were self-categorized into racial subgroups (black, Asian, or white) or the non-mutually exclusive ethnic subgroup Hispanic/Latino. Patients were randomized to receive brodalumab 210 mg every 2 weeks (Q2W) or ustekinumab (45 mg in patients weighing <= 100 kg and 90 mg in patients weighing > 100 kg) for 52 weeks. Skin clearance was monitored using the Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) and Static Physician's Global Assessment (sPGA). Treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) were summarized by treatment and racial and ethnic subgroup. Health-related quality of life was assessed using the Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI)., RESULTS: During the 12-week induction phase, 613 patients received ustekinumab (black, n = 20; Asian, n = 24; white, n = 551; Hispanic/Latino, n = 68) and 1236 patients received brodalumab 210 mg Q2W (black, n = 36; Asian, n = 39; white, n = 1116; Hispanic/Latino, n = 132). At week 52, a total of 590 patients received continuous ustekinumab (black, n = 19; Asian, n = 23; white, n = 532; Hispanic/Latino, n = 64) and 339 patients were re-randomized to continue receiving brodalumab 210 mg Q2W (black, n = 10; Asian, n = 7; white, n = 308; Hispanic/Latino, n = 40). Among patients who received brodalumab 210 mg Q2W, skin clearance response rates were similar across racial and ethnic subgroups at week 12 and week 52; rates of 75%, 90%, and 100% improvement in PASI from baseline were also higher, as was sPGA score <= 1, than in patients who received ustekinumab across all racial and ethnic subgroups. Rates of TEAEs and >= 5-point improvement in DLQI score were similar across racial and ethnic subgroups., CONCLUSIONS: Brodalumab 210 mg Q2W is well tolerated and efficacious across diverse racial and ethnic subgroups in patients with psoriasis, including black, Asian, white, and Hispanic/Latino patients., TRIAL REGISTRY: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier NCT01708603 (AMAGINE-2); NCT01708629 (AMAGINE-3).
Comparison of Management Guidelines for Moderate-to-Severe Plaque Psoriasis: A Review of Phototherapy, Systemic Therapies, and Biologic Agents.$$$ INTRODUCTION:: Many international guidelines for management of psoriasis exist and most have variations in grading evidence quality, strength of recommendations, and dosing. The objective of our review is to compare international guidelines published in the United Kingdom, Canada, Europe, and the United States for the management of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis., METHODS:: We conducted a literature review on systemic therapies and phototherapy for moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis in adult patients. The British, Canadian, European, and American guidelines served as the key comparators in our review. To identify relevant supporting clinical trials not referenced in the guidelines, we conducted literature searches in PubMed and EMBASE. Two authors independently extracted data on indications, dosing, efficacy, evidence grade, and strength of clinical recommendation for each therapy., RESULTS:: Monoclonal antibodies directed toward tumour necrosis factor and interleukin (IL)-12/23 received the strongest recommendations for treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis, supported by robust, high-quality randomized controlled trials (RCTs). Newer agents such as IL-17 and IL-23 inhibitors are not referenced in most guidelines. There are fewer RCTs for conventional therapies and few head-to-head comparisons with biologics, making it difficult to draw direct comparisons. Among older agents, methotrexate is most strongly recommended for long-term maintenance and cyclosporine is recommended for short-term control of flares., CONCLUSION:: Physicians should individualize psoriasis-management strategies based on medication tolerance, efficacy, safety, patient comorbidities, availability of the medication, and patient preference.
Risankizumab for the treatment of moderate to severe psoriasis.$$$ Introduction: Psoriasis is a chronic inflammatory skin disorder pathogenically mediated by multiple cytokines, including interleukin (IL)-23, IL-17, and TNF. An emerging class of therapeutics that selectively blocks IL-23 has been developed. Among these new agents, risankizumab is now being investigated in phase III clinical trials, and the preliminary data are promising in inducing an excellent clinical response. Areas covered: This review aims to describe the pathogenic role of IL-23 in psoriasis and to collect clinical data related to the efficacy and safety of risankizumab, an anti-IL-23p19 agent, in the treatment of psoriasis. Expert opinion: Risankizumab showed high response rates in reaching complete or almost complete clearance of psoriasis. When compared to other similarly effective drugs, it may show some advantages related to its mechanism of action (direct blockade of the main pathogenic pathway), safety (no impact on the immune surveillance against Candida infection), therapeutic regimen (every-12-week injections), and effectiveness in the treatment of immune-mediated psoriasis comorbid conditions, such as psoriatic arthritis and Crohn's disease.
Ixekizumab (Interleukin 17A Antagonist): 12-week Efficacy and Safety Outcomes in Real-world Clinical Practice.$$$ BACKGROUND:: Current knowledge of the efficacy and safety of ixekizumab is limited to data from phase III randomized controlled trials (RCTs). A gap exists in our understanding of treatment outcomes of this newly available biologic in real-world clinical practice., OBJECTIVE:: This study explores the efficacy and safety of ixekizumab in non-RCT patients to compare real-world outcomes to those reported in RCTs., METHODS:: We conducted a multicentre, retrospective chart review of patients treated with ixekizumab therapy for moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. Efficacy (Psoriasis Area and Severity Index score of 75 or Physician Global Assessment of 0 or 1) and safety (reported adverse events [AEs]) were assessed following a 12-week treatment period., RESULTS:: Of the 60 patients included, 45 (75.0%) achieved efficacious outcomes after 12 weeks of ixekizumab treatment. Twenty-two (36.7%) patients experienced one or more AEs, of whom only 3 (5.0%) withdrew from treatment as a result. Common AEs included injection site reaction/erythema/pain (13.3%) and dermatitis (5.0%)., CONCLUSION:: Ixekizumab has shown to be a safe and effective therapeutic option for plaque psoriasis in real-world practice. It does not appear that patients experience more AEs in real-world clinics than those in clinical trials.
Improvement in Patient-Reported Outcomes (Dermatology Life Quality Index and the Psoriasis Symptoms and Signs Diary) with Guselkumab in Moderate-to-Severe Plaque Psoriasis: Results from the Phase III VOYAGE 1 and VOYAGE 2 Studies.$$$ BACKGROUND: Health-related quality of life (HRQoL) may be markedly impaired in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis., OBJECTIVES: Our objectives were to compare improvements in Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI) and Psoriasis Symptoms and Signs Diary (PSSD) scores between patients receiving guselkumab compared with placebo or adalimumab and to correlate these improvements with skin clearance., METHODS: Pooled phase III VOYAGE 1 and VOYAGE 2 data were evaluated through week 24. At baseline, patients were randomized to guselkumab 100 mg, placebo, or adalimumab 40 mg. At week 16, patients receiving placebo switched to guselkumab. Assessment measures included DLQI percent change from baseline, DLQI 0/1, DLQI minimal clinically important difference (MCID), individual domain scores, PSSD symptoms and signs score = 0, DLQI association with PSSD, Investigator's Global Assessment (IGA), and Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI)., RESULTS: Significantly greater improvements from baseline DLQI were observed with guselkumab versus placebo (weeks 8 and 16) and versus adalimumab (week 24; p < 0.001). The proportion of patients achieving DLQI 0/1 ("no impact") at week 24 was higher with guselkumab than with adalimumab (58.9 vs. 40.2%; p < 0.001), and more patients attained a >= 4-point reduction in DLQI (MCID) at this timepoint (p < 0.001). Changes in individual DLQI domains were significantly greater for patients receiving guselkumab than for those receiving adalimumab, and among patients with individual baseline domain scores = 3 or 6 (severest impact), more guselkumab recipients than those receiving adalimumab achieved a score = 0 across all domains at week 24. DLQI 0/1 scores were associated with a PSSD symptom or sign score = 0 (no impact) and greater improvement of PASI and IGA (week 24)., CONCLUSIONS: Pooled VOYAGE 1/VOYAGE 2 data demonstrated that guselkumab was superior to adalimumab in improving HRQoL, which was associated with greater skin clearance., CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: NCT02207231 and NCT02207244.
Efficacy and safety of pioglitazone plus phototherapy versus phototherapy in patients with plaque type psoriasis: a Double Blinded Randomized Controlled Trial.$$$ Introduction: Thiazolidinediones have shown a good therapeutic effect in psoriasis treatment with no major adverse effects. The purpose of this study was to evaluate and compare the therapeutic effects of the combination of phototherapy and Pioglitazone with the phototherapy alone on plaque psoriasis patients. Methods and Materials: About 60 adults with plaque type psoriasis entered the study. They were randomly divided into two groups; one with pioglitazone and one with placebo and both underwent 30 sessions of phototherapy during 10 weeks. Before and after the treatment Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) and Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI) were assessed. Side effects of the treatment were also investigated. Results: The average PASI of the pioglitazone group was reduced from 20.9 +/- 9.8 to 1.8 +/- 1.4 (p < .001) versus the placebo group in which the PASI was reduced from 22 +/- 8.5 to 4.4 +/- 4. In other words, PASI was reduced in the pioglitazone and placebo group by 83.5% and 56.7% respectively (p < .05). The two groups didn't have a significant difference in reducing the DLQI (p = .315). Conclusion:  Pioglitazone can vastly enhance the effectiveness of phototherapy in plaque psoriasis patients without causing any important adverse effect and with no success in improving the score of DLQI.
Exposure-response analyses demonstrate no evidence of interleukin 17A contribution to efficacy of ABT-122 in rheumatoid or psoriatic arthritis.$$$ Objectives: ABT-122 is a dual-variable-domain immunoglobulin that neutralizes both TNF-alpha and IL-17A. The objective of this work was to characterize exposure-response relationships for ABT-122 relative to adalimumab (TNF-alpha inhibitor) using ABT-122 phase 2 trials in patients with RA or PsA., Methods: Patients received subcutaneous doses of ABT-122 ranging from 60 mg every other week (EOW) to 240 mg every week, adalimumab 40 mg EOW, or placebo (PsA patients only) for 12 weeks. Relationships between ABT-122 or adalimumab serum concentrations and time course of ACR20, ACR50 and ACR70 and PASI50, PASI75 and PASI90 responses were characterized using a non-linear mixed-effects Markov modelling approach., Results: A total of 221 RA patients and 240 PsA patients were included in the analyses. At comparable molar exposures, there was no differentiation of efficacy between ABT-122 and adalimumab and there were no consistent differences between ABT-122 and adalimumab in the potency estimates for different efficacy endpoints based on the Markov models. Plateau of ABT-122 efficacy was achieved at exposures associated with the 120 mg EOW dose in patients with RA, which were comparable to molar exposures of adalimumab 40 mg EOW, and at the lowest dose of 120 mg every week in patients with PsA., Conclusion: The exposure-response relationships for ABT-122 were not distinguishably different from those of adalimumab in patients with RA or PsA. Overall, there was no clear evidence that inhibition of the IL-17 pathway provided incremental benefit in the presence of TNF-alpha inhibition., Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT02433340, NCT02349451.
Effect of secukinumab on the clinical activity and disease burden of nail psoriasis: 32-week results from the randomized placebo-controlled TRANSFIGURE trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Nail psoriasis is associated with functional impairment, pain and reduced quality of life., OBJECTIVES: To demonstrate the superiority of secukinumab over placebo in clearing nail psoriasis as assessed by the Nail Psoriasis Severity Index (NAPSI) at week 16 and over time up to week 132. Presented here is the week 32 interim analysis. Impact on quality of life was assessed by Nail Assessment in Psoriasis and Psoriatic Arthritis (NAPPA) patient questionnaires., METHODS: TRANSFIGURE is a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled study in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque and nail psoriasis., RESULTS: The primary objective of this study was met: both doses of secukinumab were superior to placebo at week 16 (NAPSI improvements of -45.3%, -37.9% and -10.8% for secukinumab 300 mg and 150 mg and placebo, respectively, P < 0.001). Significant improvements were seen in patients' quality of life: the NAPPA-Quality of Life total score median decreases at week 16 were 60.9%, 49.9% and 15.8% for secukinumab 300 mg and 150 mg and placebo, respectively (P < 0.001). Improvement in nail psoriasis continued to week 32: NAPSI percentage change reached -63.2% and -52.6% for secukinumab 300 mg and 150 mg, respectively. Skin clearance measured by >= 90% improvement in Psoriasis Area and Severity Index was significant (rates of 72.5%, 54.0% and 1.7% for secukinumab 300 mg and 150 mg and placebo at week 16, respectively, P < 0.001) and was sustained to week 32. The most common adverse events were nasopharyngitis, headache and upper respiratory tract infections., CONCLUSIONS: Secukinumab demonstrated significant and clinically meaningful efficacy and quality-of-life improvements for patients with nail psoriasis up to week 32. What's already known about this topic? Nail psoriasis is understudied and there is a lack of effective treatment options. Nail psoriasis is correlated with more severe psoriatic disease and the development of psoriatic arthritis. What does this study add? TRANSFIGURE is one of the few prospective placebo-controlled trials specifically in nail psoriasis and includes nail-specific quality-of-life measures such as Nail Assessment in Psoriasis and Psoriatic Arthritis (NAPPA)-Quality of Life and NAPPA-Patient Benefit Index. In this trial, secukinumab demonstrates significant efficacy and quality-of-life improvements in this difficult-to-treat population. Copyright © 2018 British Association of Dermatologists.
Network meta-analyses of systemic treatments for psoriasis: a critical appraisal: Original Articles: Jabbar-Lopez ZK, Yiu ZZN, Ward V et al. Quantitative evaluation of biologic therapy options for psoriasis: a systematic review and network meta-analysis. J Invest Dermatol 2017; 137:1646-54. Sbidian E, Chaimani A, Garcia-Doval I et al. Systemic pharmacological treatments for chronic plaque psoriasis: a network meta-analysis. Cochrane Database Syst Rev 2017; 12:CD011535.$$$ AIM: There are numerous systemic medications in use for psoriasis, with additional investigational agents being studied. However, head-to-head, randomized clinical trials are rare and cannot feasibly compare all treatments. A network meta-analysis (NMA) synthesizes the available evidence to provide estimates for all pairwise comparisons. Here, we summarize and appraise two recent NMAs that assessed systemic therapies for moderate-to-severe psoriasis., SETTING AND DESIGN: Two systematic reviews searched databases and the grey literature to identify relevant randomized clinical trials., STUDY PARTICIPANTS: The reviews mostly included trials that involved adults with moderate-to-severe psoriasis. One of the reviews also included two trials involving children., STUDY EXPOSURE: Interventions common to both reviews include adalimumab, etanercept, infliximab, ustekinumab, ixekizumab, secukinumab and methotrexate. One of the reviews included additional interventions, primarily other biological agents along with new small-molecule treatments and systemic conventional treatments., PRIMARY OUTCOMES: One review focused on 'clear/nearly clear' and withdrawals from adverse events as study outcomes, while the second review focused on improvement of >= 90% measured on the Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI 90) and serious adverse events., OUTCOMES: Additional outcomes included quality of life, PASI 75, Physician's Global Assessment of 0/1 and any adverse event., RESULTS: Overall, both NMAs are of high quality and provide a comprehensive summary of the evidence base and treatment effects. Results , in terms of both estimates and rankings, suggest that newer biologics targeting the interleukin (IL)-12/23 and IL-17 axes appear to be more effective than older biologics and oral agents., CONCLUSIONS: Patients, clinicians and policy makers can use the relative efficacy assessments of NMAs to inform decision making regarding the clearance of psoriasis skin lesions at relevant time points and improvement in quality of life. Copyright © 2018 British Association of Dermatologists.
Tildrakizumab: A Review of Phase II and III Clinical Trials.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Tildrakizumab, an inhibitor of the p19 subunit of interleukin (IL)-23, was recently Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved for patients with moderate to severe psoriasis. This article will review the phase II and III clinical trial data of tildrakizumab., DATA SOURCES: A PubMed search from January 2000 to September 2018 was done with the search terms tildrakizumab, guselkumab, risankizumab, p19, interleukin-23, and psoriasis., STUDY SELECTION AND DATA EXTRACTION: Articles discussing phase II and III clinical trial data for tildrakizumab were selected., DATA SYNTHESIS: In phase II and phase III trials, tildrakizumab was safe and efficacious compared with placebo and etanercept. More patients achieved Psoriasis Area and Severity Index 75 receiving tildrakizumab (200 mg, 62%-74%; 100 mg, 61%-66%; 25 mg, 64%; 5 mg, 33%) compared with placebo (4%-6%, P < 0.0001) and etanercept (48%, P = 0.01). More patients achieved Physician Global Assessment (PGA) response of "clear" or "minimal" receiving tildrakizumab (200 mg, 59%; 100 mg, 55%-58%) than the placebo group (4%-7%, P < 0.0001). 59% of patients who received tildrakizumab 200 mg achieved a PGA response of "clear" or "minimal" compared with etanercept (48%, P = 0.0031). The most common adverse effect was infection. Relevance to Patient Care and Clinical Practice: Tildrakizumab is a new, FDA-approved, physician-administered biological therapy for patients with moderate to severe psoriasis. It appears to be efficacious and safe so far., CONCLUSION: Tildrakizumab is efficacious and safe for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe psoriasis. IL-23/p19 inhibitors are a promising class of biological therapy.
Efficacy and safety of brodalumab in patients with psoriasis who had inadequate responses to ustekinumab: subgroup analysis of two randomized phase III trials.$$$ BACKGROUND: Brodalumab, a fully human anti-interleukin-17 receptor A monoclonal antibody, has demonstrated superior efficacy and safety over ustekinumab as induction therapy for moderate-to-severe psoriasis., OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of brodalumab through week 52 in patients who had inadequate responses to ustekinumab., METHODS: A subgroup analysis of the phase III AMAGINE-2/-3 double-blind randomized controlled trials was performed. Participants were aged 18-75 years and had a Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) >= 12, static Physician's Global Assessment score >= 3 and involvement of >= 10% body surface area. The studies were registered at ClinicalTrials.gov: AMAGINE-2, NCT01708603; AMAGINE-3, NCT01708629., RESULTS: At baseline, patients with or without prior biologic experience who had an adequate response at week 16 on ustekinumab or brodalumab had lower rates of involved body surface area, PASI, prior biologic use, psoriatic arthritis and body mass index than patients who experienced inadequate response at or after week 16. Among patients who experienced inadequate response to ustekinumab, those rescued with brodalumab had PASI >= 75%, >= 90% and 100% improvement response rates of 72.6%, 58.1% and 36.3%, respectively, at week 52 compared with 61.7%, 25.5% and 5.4%, respectively, in patients who continued ustekinumab. Exposure-adjusted rates of treatment-emergent adverse events were similar among patients rescued with brodalumab (377.3 adverse events per 100 patient-years) and those who remained on ustekinumab (389.9 adverse events per 100 patient-years)., CONCLUSIONS: Among patients who experienced inadequate responses to ustekinumab, rescue with brodalumab improved skin clearance outcomes compared with continuing ustekinumab. Copyright © 2018 British Association of Dermatologists.
Efficacy of new treatments for dactylitis of psoriatic arthritis: update of literature review.$$$ Dactylitis is a frequent disabling feature of psoriatic arthritis (PsA). Therapeutic strategy on dactylitis is not really codified. We performed a complementary literature review (since a previous one in 2014) of efficacy of new treatments recently used in PsA on this specific clinical manifestation. Eleven publications were retained (4697 patients). In the randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trials analyzed, authors declared ustekinumab, ixekizumab, adalimumab, and apremilast efficient. Secukinumab, clazakizumab, abatacept, and tofacitinib were promising. Brodalumab was ineffective. Calculations of odds ratios for residual dactylitis were significant for clazakizumab 100 mg and secukinumab in anti-TNF-naive population. Homogenization of dactylitis assessment and use of this criterion as primary outcome are necessary to have better data on treatment efficacy in the future.
Long-term efficacy of novel therapies in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: a systematic review and network meta-analysis of PASI response.$$$ BACKGROUND: Patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis require long-term treatment, yet few trials compare outcomes beyond a short-term induction period. Quantitative comparisons of long-term outcomes in patients with psoriasis are limited. To our knowledge, no network meta-analysis (NMA) of such data has been performed., OBJECTIVE: To compare novel systemic therapies, both biologic and non-biologic, approved for moderate-to-severe psoriasis by conducting a systematic review (SR) and NMA of Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) outcomes measured at or around 1 year., METHODS: An SR was conducted to identify studies reporting PASI 75, PASI 90 and PASI 100 responses. Feasibility of an NMA on maintenance phase endpoints was assessed and sources of heterogeneity considered. Data appropriate for analysis were modelled using a Bayesian multinomial likelihood model with probit link. Wherever possible, data corresponding to an intention-to-treat approach with non-responder imputation were used., RESULTS: Twenty-four studies reporting outcomes at 40-64 weeks were identified, but heterogeneity in study design allowed synthesis of only 17. Four 52-week randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comprised the primary analysis, which found brodalumab was significantly more efficacious than secukinumab, ustekinumab and etanercept. Secukinumab was also more efficacious than ustekinumab and both outperformed etanercept. In a secondary analysis, evidence from 13 additional studies and 4 further therapies (adalimumab, apremilast, infliximab and ixekizumab) was included by comparing long-term outcomes from active interventions to placebo outcomes extrapolated from induction. Results were consistent with the primary analysis: brodalumab was most effective, followed by ixekizumab and secukinumab, then ustekinumab, infliximab and adalimumab. Etanercept and apremilast had the lowest expected long-term efficacy. Results were similar when studies with low prior exposure to biological therapies were excluded., CONCLUSION: Results suggest that brodalumab is associated with a higher likelihood of sustained PASI response, including complete clearance, at week 52 than comparators. Further long-term active-comparator RCT data are required to better assess relative efficacy across therapies. Copyright © 2018 The Authors. Journal of the European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
Treatment of patients with plaque psoriasis with secukinumab in a real-life setting: a 52-week, multicenter, retrospective study in Spain.$$$ Background: The efficacy and safety of secukinumab in patients with plaque psoriasis (PsO) have been demonstrated in randomized clinical trials (RCTs). However, data regarding its efficacy and safety in real-life settings are scarce. Objectives: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of secukinumab in clinical practice in patients with PsO attending 10 dermatology centers in Spain. Methods: Data from 136 patients consecutively treated with secukinumab for at least 52 weeks were collected in a retrospective observational study. Results: After 52 weeks of treatment, 69% and 46% of patients achieved a PASI-75, PASI-90, respectively. PASI-score <=5 was achieved in 83% of patients, PASI-score <=3 in 73% and PASI-score <=1 in 47%. Response rates were found significantly lower in patients with obesity and non-naive to biologics (p < .05). The most common adverse event (AE) was candidiasis (5/136). Thirty-six patients (26.5%) discontinued treatment by week 52 due to lack or loss of response (n = 29), AEs (n = 2) or other causes (n = 5). Conclusion:  These findings complement the efficacy and safety profiles of secukinumab in PsO outlined in RCTs. The effectiveness in clinical practice may be lower in patients with a BMI >=30 and those previously treated with other biologic agents.
Certolizumab pegol for the treatment of patients with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis: pooled analysis of week 16 data from three randomized controlled trials.$$$ BACKGROUND: Certolizumab pegol, an Fc-free, PEGylated, anti-tumour necrosis factor (TNF) biologic, has demonstrated favourable results in three ongoing, phase 3, randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trials in adults with psoriasis., OBJECTIVE: Data were pooled from the ongoing trials to investigate efficacy in selected subgroups and add precision to estimates of treatment effects during the initial 16 weeks of treatment., METHODS: In each trial, patients >=18 years with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis for >=6 months were randomized to receive certolizumab 400 mg, certolizumab 200 mg or placebo every 2 weeks for 16 weeks. Coprimary endpoints for the pooled analysis were responder rates at Week 16, defined as >=75% reduction in psoriasis area and severity index (PASI 75) and physician global assessment (PGA) of 0/1 ('clear'/'almost clear' with >=2-category improvement). Safety was assessed by treatment-emergent adverse events., RESULTS: A total of 850 patients treated with certolizumab 400 mg (N = 342), certolizumab 200 mg (N = 351) or placebo (N = 157) were included in the pooled analysis. At Week 16, PASI 75 and PGA 0/1 responder rates were 80.1% and 63.7% in the certolizumab 400 mg group, 74.5% and 54.6% in the certolizumab 200 mg group, and 7.5% and 2.8% in the placebo group (P < 0.0001 for each dose versus placebo). In patients with and without prior biologic therapy, both doses of certolizumab resulted in substantially higher responder rates versus placebo. The incidence of adverse events was generally similar between the 400 mg and placebo groups, and somewhat lower in the 200 mg group versus placebo. No new safety signals were identified., CONCLUSION: Certolizumab pegol 400 mg or 200 mg every 2 weeks for 16 weeks was associated with statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvements in signs and symptoms of psoriasis in patients with and without prior biologic therapy, and a safety profile consistent with the anti-TNF class in psoriasis. Copyright © 2018 European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
Granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF) as a therapeutic target in psoriasis: randomized, controlled investigation using namilumab, a specific human anti-GM-CSF monoclonal antibody.$$$ BACKGROUND: The relevance of granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF) in the management of psoriasis has not been studied previously. GM-CSF is important in the initiation and maintenance of chronic inflammatory processes., OBJECTIVES: To investigate the clinical use of GM-CSF neutralization by evaluating the efficacy and safety of namilumab (AMG203), a monoclonal antibody GM-CSF inhibitor, in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis., METHODS: A phase II, multicentre, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group, dose-finding, proof-of-concept study (NEPTUNE) was conducted. Four doses of namilumab (20, 50, 80 and 150 mg, via subcutaneous injection) were compared with placebo. Assessment of the primary end point - the proportion of patients achieving >= 75% reduction in Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI 75 treatment response) - was performed at week 12. Exploratory investigation at the tissue level was conducted in a subset of the overall study population. The trial was registered with the number NCT02129777., RESULTS: In total, 122 patients were enrolled and 106 (86.9%) completed the double-blind treatment; 16 (13.1%) prematurely discontinued study medication. Serum concentration-time profiles were as expected for subcutaneous delivery of an IgG1 monoclonal antibody, and exposure increased proportionally with dose elevation. The number of patients showing PASI 75 treatment response at week 12 was low in all groups; no significant difference was recorded in this end point between placebo and any namilumab group. Similar outcomes were recorded for other clinical study end points. Moreover, no significant treatment-related changes from baseline were observed in laboratory investigations of cell types or subpopulations, or cytokines relevant to inflammatory pathways in psoriasis., CONCLUSIONS: GM-CSF blockade is not critical for suppression of key inflammatory pathways underlying psoriasis. Copyright © 2018 The Authors. British Journal of Dermatology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of British Association of Dermatologists.
Long-term safety profile of ixekizumab in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: an integrated analysis from 11 clinical trials.$$$ BACKGROUND: Psoriasis in many patients is a chronic and recalcitrant disease that requires long-term treatment, reinforcing the importance of long-term safety data. Ixekizumab, a high-affinity monoclonal antibody that selectively targets interleukin (IL)-17A, is approved for treating patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis., OBJECTIVE: To determine long-term safety of ixekizumab in psoriasis., METHODS: Integrated safety data are presented from 12-week induction period, 12-60-week maintenance period, and from all ixekizumab-treated patients from 11 clinical studies. Exposure-adjusted incidence rates (IRs) per 100 patient-years are reported., RESULTS: Overall, 5689 patients accounted for 12 061.5 patient-years of ixekizumab exposure from 11 studies. Over 156 weeks, a total of 83.9% (n = 4775) of patients reported treatment-emergent adverse events (AEs). Most opportunistic infections (IR [95% confidence interval; CI] 1.8 [1.6, 2.1]) reported were mucocutaneous candidiasis. The IR (95% CI) for oral Candida infection was 0.9 (0.8, 1.1). There was no trend of increase in IR of AEs of special interest. Serious AEs were reported in 11.8% of patients; death occurred in 0.4% (n = 23) of patients., CONCLUSION: The 3-year, long-term maintenance treatment with ixekizumab did not show any new safety signals in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. Copyright © 2018 European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
Comprehensive long-term safety of adalimumab from 18 clinical trials in adult patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Adalimumab (Humira R , AbbVie Inc., North Chicago, IL, U.S.A.) is a fully human monoclonal antibody specific for tumour necrosis factor-alpha that is approved to treat adults with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis., OBJECTIVES: To assess long-term safety for patients with psoriasis receiving adalimumab in clinical studies., METHODS: Adalimumab safety data from adults with psoriasis who received at least one adalimumab dose in 18 clinical trials were evaluated. Adalimumab was delivered subcutaneously in all treatment regimens. Treatment-emergent adverse events (AEs) were collected from the first dose to 70 days after the last dose or cut-off date (31 December 2015). AE incidence rates were expressed as events per 100 patient-years (E/100 PYs) of adalimumab exposure. Standardized incidence ratios (SIRs) for malignancies and standardized mortality ratios (SMRs) were calculated., RESULTS: Cumulative exposure was 5429.7 PYs in 3727 patients. Overall, there were 16 536 AEs (304.6 E/100 PYs). The most common AEs were nasopharyngitis, upper respiratory infection and headache (23.7, 12.9 and 7.9 E/100 PYs, respectively). Incidence rates for serious infections, tuberculosis and opportunistic infections were 1.8, 0.3 and 0.02 E/100 PYs, respectively. Incidence of malignancy excluding nonmelanoma skin cancer (NMSC) was 0.8 E/100 PYs [SIR 0.86, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.58-1.23]. Incidences of NMSC and melanoma were 0.6 and 0.2 E/100 PYs, respectively. The SIR was 1.55 (95% CI 1.10-2.13) for NMSC and 3.04 (95% CI 1.11-6.62) for melanoma. The SMR was 0.34 (95% CI 0.16-0.65)., CONCLUSIONS: AE rates remained stable in this analysis of patients with psoriasis receiving adalimumab; no new safety signals were identified compared with earlier analyses. Copyright © 2018 British Association of Dermatologists.
Safety of Ixekizumab in Patients With Psoriatic Arthritis: Results From a Pooled Analysis of Three Clinical Trials.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate ixekizumab safety in adults with psoriatic arthritis (PsA)., METHODS: Safety data from 2 integrated data sets are presented: 1) 24-week, double-blind, placebo-controlled period of SPIRIT-P1 and SPIRIT-P2; and 2) all ixekizumab-treated patients of SPIRIT-P1 and SPIRIT-P2 plus SPIRIT-P3 open-label period. We report adverse event (AE) frequency and exposure-adjusted incidence rates per 100 patient-years at 12-week intervals to week 96., RESULTS: The placebo-controlled period had 678 patients (safety population): 224 placebo, 229 ixekizumab every 4 weeks, and 225 ixekizumab every 2 weeks. Overall, 1,118 patients received ixekizumab (total exposure 1,373.4 patient-years). In the placebo-controlled period, the frequencies of ixekizumab-treated patients experiencing >=1 treatment-emergent AE (TEAE) and those experiencing serious AEs were 68.1% (56.7% placebo) and 4.4% (2.7% placebo), respectively. Injection site reactions (ISRs) were very common (21.4% ixekizumab [4.5% placebo]), with ISR discontinuation rates of 1.1% (ixekizumab) and 0.4% (placebo). Through week 96, the incidence rates of ISRs decreased with increasing ixekizumab exposure. The frequencies of AEs of special interest were 32.8% (ixekizumab) and 27.7% (placebo); for serious infections, the frequencies were 1.3% and 0%, respectively; Candida infections, 2.6% and 0.4%; confirmed major adverse cardiac events, 0% and 0%; malignancy, 0.4% and 0%; hypersensitivities, 5.3% and 1.8%; and depression-related, 1.8% and 1.3%. The frequency of Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis (investigator-reported) was 0% in both groups, and the frequencies of sponsor-determined inflammatory bowel disease were 0.2% in the ixekizumab group and 0% in the placebo group. Overall, no active tuberculosis, invasive Candida infections, anaphylaxis, or suicide/self-injury behaviors were reported., CONCLUSION: The PsA ixekizumab safety integrated data set reached 1,373.4 patient-years total exposure. Ixekizumab-treated patients had higher rates of overall TEAEs, serious infections, mucocutaneous Candida, hypersensitivities (non-anaphylactic), and ISRs than placebo-treated patients. No unexpected safety outcomes were reported. Copyright © 2018, The Authors. Arthritis Care & Research published by Wiley Periodicals, Inc. on behalf of American College of Rheumatology.
Population Pharmacokinetics of the Interleukin-23 Inhibitor Risankizumab in Subjects with Psoriasis and Crohn's Disease: Analyses of Phase I and II Trials.$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Risankizumab is a humanized anti-interleukin-23 monoclonal antibody in development for the treatment of several inflammatory diseases. This work characterized the pharmacokinetics of risankizumab and evaluated covariates that may affect its exposures using phase I and II trial data in subjects with psoriasis and Crohn's disease., METHODS: Plasma concentration measurements from a phase I study and a phase II study in subjects with psoriasis (n = 157; single doses of 0.01-5 mg/kg intravenously, 0.25-1 mg/kg subcutaneously, and 18 mg subcutaneously, and multiple doses of 90 and 180 mg subcutaneously), and a phase II study in subjects with Crohn's disease (n = 115; doses of 200 or 600 mg intravenously every 4 weeks followed by 180 mg subcutaneously every 8 weeks) were analyzed using non-linear mixed-effects modeling. The model was qualified using bootstrap and simulation-based diagnostics., RESULTS: A two-compartment model with first-order absorption and elimination described the pharmacokinetics of risankizumab. Considering the body weight and baseline albumin central tendency differences between disease populations, risankizumab clearance, steady-state volume of distribution, and terminal-phase elimination half-life were estimated to be approximately 0.35 L/day, 11.7 L, and 27 days, respectively, for a typical 90-kg subject with psoriasis with an albumin level of 42 g/L, and 0.31 L/day, 8.45 L, and 22 days, respectively, for a typical 65-kg subject with Crohn's disease with an albumin level of 37 g/L. Risankizumab absolute subcutaneous bioavailability and absorption rate constant were 72% and 0.18 day-1, respectively. Inter-individual variability for clearance was 37%., CONCLUSIONS: Risankizumab displayed pharmacokinetic characteristics typical for an IgG1 monoclonal antibody with no apparent target-mediated disposition. Accounting for the effects of body weight and baseline albumin explained the small differences in the pharmacokinetics of risankizumab between psoriasis and Crohn's disease, with no further differences between the patient populations.
Brodalumab for the Treatment of Moderate-to-Severe Plaque Psoriasis: An Evidence Review Group Evaluation of a NICE Single Technology Appraisal.$$$ As part of the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence single technology appraisal process, brodalumab was assessed to determine the clinical and cost effectiveness of its use in the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. The Centre for Reviews and Dissemination and the Centre for Health Economics Technology Assessment Group at the University of York were commissioned to act as the independent Evidence Review Group. This article provides a summary of the Evidence Review Group's review of the company's submission, the Evidence Review Group report and the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence Appraisal Committee's subsequent guidance issued in March 2018. The main clinical effectiveness data were derived from three well-conducted, multicentre, double-blind randomised controlled trials. The trials demonstrated that brodalumab statistically significantly reduced the severity of psoriasis and its impact on health-related quality of life, compared with placebo, at 12 weeks. In comparison with ustekinumab, statistically significantly more patients taking brodalumab had reduced psoriasis severity at 12 weeks. Psoriasis severity and quality of life also appeared improved at 52 weeks, although statistical significance was not assessed. Withdrawal rates were comparable to drug survival rates of other biological therapies and rates of adverse events were similar between brodalumab and ustekinumab. A network meta-analysis was presented, comparing brodalumab with other therapies available at the same point in the treatment pathway (i.e. in patients for whom standard systemic therapy or phototherapy is inadequately effective, not tolerated or contraindicated). The network meta-analysis ranked treatments in order of effectiveness, in terms of achieving different levels of Psoriasis Area and Severity Index response. The results indicated that brodalumab had a similar probability of response to ixekizumab, secukinumab and infliximab and a higher probability of response than ustekinumab, adalimumab, etanercept, apremilast, dimethyl fumarate and placebo. The company's economic model compared nine treatment sequences that included three lines of active therapy, consisting of brodalumab and other comparators recommended by the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence, followed by best supportive care. The sequence with brodalumab in the first-line position dominated sequences that started with adalimumab, infliximab, secukinumab and ustekinumab. The incremental cost-effectiveness ratio of the brodalumab sequence compared to less effective and non-dominated sequences ranged from 7145 (vs. the etanercept sequence) to 13,353 (vs. the dimethyl fumarate sequence) per quality-adjusted life-year gained. The incremental cost-effectiveness ratio for the more costly and effective ixekizumab sequence was 894,010 per quality-adjusted life-year gained compared to the brodalumab sequence. At a threshold of 20,000 per quality-adjusted life-year gained, the brodalumab sequence had the highest probability of being cost effective (96%). The main limitation of the company's economic model was the restrictive nature of the sequences compared. Twelve separate scenarios based on key uncertainties were explored by the Evidence Review Group. The only scenarios where brodalumab was ranked lower than first were not considered to be more appropriate or plausible than the assumptions or scenarios included in the company's base case. The treatment rankings identified in the Evidence Review Group's alternative base case were identical to those derived from the company's base case model. At the first National Institute for Health and Care Excellence Appraisal Committee meeting, the Committee concluded that brodalumab appears to be as effective as other anti-interleukin-17 agents and is cost effective, based on the discount agreed in the patient access scheme. Brodalumab is recommended as an option for treating adults with severe plaque psoriasis (defined by a total Psoriasis Area and Severity Index score of 10 or more and a Dermatology Life Quality Index score of more than 10) who have not responded to other systemic non-biological therapies. Brodalumab should be stopped at 12 weeks if the psoriasis has not responded adequately.
Effects of ustekinumab versus tumor necrosis factor inhibition on enthesitis: Results from the enthesial clearance in psoriatic arthritis (ECLIPSA) study.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To date, all studies addressing on anti-inflammatory drugs in PsA have been carried out in psoriatic arthritis (PsA) patients with polyarticular disease. Specific studies on enthesitis are missing. IL-23 is considered to play a central role in the development of enthesitis. We therefore speculated that therapeutic inhibition of IL-12/IL-23 is particularly effective in enthesitis-driven PsA patients., METHODS: Enthesial CLearance In PSoriatic Arthritis (ECLIPSA) is a prospective randomized-controlled open-label study. Patients with PsA with active enthesitis were randomized 1:1 to receive either ustekinumab (UST; arm 1) or tumor necrosis factor inhibitors (TNFi; arm 2). Primary endpoint was complete clearance of enthesitis, defined by Spondyloarthritis Research Consortium of Canada (SPARCC) index equal to zero at 24 weeks., RESULTS: 51 patients (UST=25; TNFi=26) were screened, 47 enrolled (UST=23; TNFi=24) and 46 completed the study. Mean+/-SD SPARCC index at baseline was 4.8+/-2.6 in the UST group and 3.5+/-2.3 in the TNFi group with no significant difference. After 24 weeks, 73.9% of UST patients and 41.7% of TNFi patients reached the primary endpoint (SPARCC=0) indicating clearance from enthesitis (p=0.018). UST achieved superior responses as compared to TNFi with respect to enthesitis (p=0.007) and psoriatic skin disease (p=0.030) but not for arthritis (p=0.95)., CONCLUSION: These results indicate that p40-IL-12/IL-23 inhibition is superior to TNFi in the clearance of enthesitis. Future stratified therapeutic approaches in PsA patients may therefore consider the presence or absence of enthesitis as a discriminator of response between different cytokine blocking modalities. Copyright © 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Ixekizumab provides superior efficacy compared with ustekinumab over 52 weeks of treatment: Results from IXORA-S, a phase 3 study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Biologics targeting interleukin 17A (IL-17A) allow for rapid clearance of psoriatic plaques, with a clinically favorable safety profile., OBJECTIVES: To compare the safety and efficacy of ixekizumab, an IL-17A antagonist, with the safety and efficacy of the IL-12/23 inhibitor ustekinumab through 52 weeks of treatment in the head-to-head trial IXORA-S., METHODS: Patients were randomized to ixekizumab (n = 136) or ustekinumab (n = 166) and dosed per the approved labels. After 1 year, efficacy was assessed via improvements in Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) score (with PASI 90 indicating a 90% or greater improvement from baseline PASI score) and a static Physician's Global Assessment (sPGA) response of either 0 or 0 or 1, with dropouts counted as nonresponders. Safety analyses included treatment-emergent adverse events (AEs)., RESULTS: At week 52, significantly more ixekizumab-treated patients (P < .01) reported PASI 90 (104 [76.5%]), an sPGA response of 0 (72 [52.9%]), or an sPGA response of 0 or 1 (110 [82.1%]) responses than did ustekinumab-treated patients (PASI 90, 98 [59.0%]; sPGA response of 0, 60 [36.1%]; and sPGA response of 0 or 1, 108 [65.1%]). Treatment-emergent AEs, serious AEs, and discontinuation rates were not different between the treatment groups. Injection site reactions occurred more frequently in the ixekizumab-treated group (ixekizumab, 22 [16.3%]; ustekinumab, 2 [1.2%]) (P < .001)., LIMITATIONS: This study was not designed to compare safety end points related to rare events., CONCLUSIONS: Compared with ustekinumab, ixekizumab showed superior efficacy and comparable safety outcomes through 52 weeks of treatment. Copyright © 2018. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Efficacy and survival of biologic agents in psoriasis: a practical real-life 12-year experience in a French dermatology department.$$$ Background: Drug survival in a real-life setting is critical to long-term use of biologics for psoriasis. Objective: We describe our 12-year experience with biologics in psoriasis patients. Patients and Methods: All patients treated with biologics including infliximab, adalimumab (ADA), etanercept (ETA), and ustekinumab (UST) for psoriasis vulgaris between January 2005 and December 2016 were retrospectively analyzed. Results: In total, 545 treatment series were administered to 269 patients, including 211 treatment series with ADA, 135 with ETA, 77 with infliximab, and 122 with UST. ADA and ETA were initiated most often as first-line therapy; 65.3% of treatment sequences were discontinued. UST had the highest drug survival. The major reason for treatment termination was a loss of efficacy (44.9%). Definitive discontinuation increased with the number of biologic therapy sequences. Limitations: Subjects were not randomized to the different treatments. Conclusions: In a long-term real-life setting, drug survival of UST is better than that of TNF-a inhibitors for both biologic-naive and biologic-experienced patients with psoriasis.
Minimal clinically important difference (MCID) for work productivity and activity impairment (WPAI) questionnaire in psoriasis patients.$$$ BACKGROUND: The clinical meaningfulness of improvements in the Work Productivity and Activity Impairment Questionnaire for Psoriasis (WPAI-PsO) reported by patients with psoriasis in response to treatment is unknown due to the lack of any publications that report minimal clinically importance differences (MCID) for WPAI-PsO outcomes., OBJECTIVE: To determine the MCIDs for the work productivity loss and activity impairment domains of the Work Productivity and Activity Impairment Questionnaire for Psoriasis (WPAI-PsO) using results from three Phase 3 trials of ixekizumab., METHODS: MCIDs for WPAI-PsO domains were derived using treatment agnostic data from patients participating in UNCOVER-1/-2/-3. The analysis included patients randomized to placebo and two ixekizumab treatment groups (ixekizumab either every 2 weeks or 4 weeks) from the trials. WPAI-PsO was administered at baseline and Week 12 for UNCOVER-1/-2/-3 and at Weeks 24, 36, 52 and 60 in UNCOVER-1/-2. MCIDs for the WPAI-PsO domains through Week 12 were derived using an anchor-based method supplemented with the distribution-based method. Anchors included 75%/90%/100% improvement in Psoriasis Area and Severity Index, Static Physicians Global Assessment (sPGA[0] and sPGA[0,1]) and Dermatology Life Quality Index MCID). MCIDs were triangulated using receiver operating characteristics (ROC) and distribution-based methods., RESULTS: The analyses included 3126 patients (Placebo: 792, Ixekizumab: 2334). All anchors were shown to be valid. Significant differences in the domains of WPAI-PsO were observed between patients achieving clinically meaningful improvement in the validated anchors (all P-values < 0.001). ROC analyses suggested a 20% improvement in the work productivity loss or activity impairment components best represented the benefit of meeting a clinical meaningful improvement in the validated anchors. The distribution-based method supported the results of the anchor-based method., CONCLUSION: The MCIDs for both the work productivity loss and the activity impairment domains of WPAI-PsO were estimated to be 20% in patients with PsO. Copyright © 2018 European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
Efficacy and safety of ixekizumab in patients with plaque psoriasis across different degrees of disease severity: results from UNCOVER-2 and UNCOVER-3.$$$ PURPOSE: To evaluate short- and long-term efficacy and safety of ixekizumab in patients according to psoriasis severity., MATERIALS AND METHODS: Data were integrated from clinical trials (UNCOVER-2, UNCOVER-3). Patients received placebo, 80-mg ixekizumab every 2 weeks (IXEQ2W), every 4 weeks (IXEQ4W), or 50 mg etanercept (ETN) biweekly for 12 weeks, then open-label IXEQ4W (UNCOVER-3). Psoriasis severity was categorized by baseline Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI <20 and >=20). Efficacy was evaluated by percentage reaching PASI 75, 90, 100, and absolute PASI <=5, <=2, and <=1., RESULTS: Significantly more patients with PASI >=20 (vs. PASI <20) were male and had higher body weight. After 12 weeks, both severity groups had significantly more IXEQ2W- than ETN-treated patients reach PASI 75, 90, 100, and absolute PASI <=5, <=2, <=1. Fewer PASI >=20 vs. PASI <20 patients across treatments reached PASI <=5, <=2, and <=1 at week 12. Efficacy was maintained during 156 weeks of ixekizumab treatment with no differences between groups. The IXEQ2W safety profile was similar between groups except for injection-site reactions (significantly higher in PASI <20)., CONCLUSIONS: Ixekizumab demonstrated a high level of efficacy and had a consistent safety profile in patients with different baseline psoriasis severity levels.
A retrospective observational study on biological drug treatment in a daily practice serving patients with psoriasis in Japan.$$$ BACKGROUND: In Japan, more than five years have passed since emergence of the first three biologics, infliximab, adalimumab, and ustekinumab, became available in daily practice; however, no data for drug survival was reported from Japan., OBJECTIVE: To study the long-term drug survival of infliximab, adalimumab, and ustekinumab used for Japanese psoriatic patients., METHODS: We retrieved data on all patients treated with biological agents and calculated the long-term drug survival for infliximab, adalimumab, and ustekinumab using our psoriasis registry (Kurume Psoriasis Registry: KURUPR) consisted of 343 patients by the end of March 2017. We analyzed 103 treatment courses of 83 patients with all types of psoriasis, as well as 79 treatment courses of 62 patients with psoriasis vulgaris using the Kaplan-Meier method., RESULTS: Drug survival was higher for ustekinumab than infliximab and adalimumab in both settings, although there were no statistical differences., CONCLUSIONS: Previous studies of long-term drug survival in patients with psoriasis vulgaris showed significantly higher drug survival for ustekinumab than infliximab, and adalimumab. Our data showed similar tendency. Besides randomized clinical trials, drug survival data is useful because it reflects real-world management.
Precision medicine using different biological DMARDs based on characteristic phenotypes of peripheral T helper cells in psoriatic arthritis.$$$ Objectives: We sought to investigate the selection of specific biological DMARDs (bDMARDs) based on characteristic lymphocyte phenotypes for treating PsA., Methods: Of 64 patients with PsA resistant to MTX, 26 underwent bDMARDs therapy selected according to phenotypic differences in peripheral helper T cells on 8-colour flow cytometry. The efficacies of this strategic treatment and the standard treatment administered to the other 38 patients were evaluated at 6 months., Results: The 26 patients with PsA in the strategic treatment group were classified into the following four types based on peripheral blood analysis: (i) CXCR3+CCR6-CD38+HLA-DR+ activated Th1 cell-predominant type, (ii) CXCR3-CCR6+ CD38+HLA-DR+ activated Th17 cell-predominant type, (iii) Th1/Th17-high type and (iv) Th1/Th17-low type. Accordingly, ustekinumab was administered to the activated Th1 cell-predominant patients, secukinumab to the activated Th17 cell-predominant patients, secukinumab or TNF inhibitor to the Th1/Th17-high patients, and TNF inhibitor to the Th1/Th17-low patients. After 6 months of strategic treatment, there was a significant decrease in simplified disease activity index (SDAI) (from 16.2 to 3.52), DAS28 (ESR) (from 4.13 to 2.27) and psoriasis area and severity index (from 8.36 to 2.40). Low disease activity by SDAI was achieved in 24 (92.3%) of the 26 patients. The rate of low disease activity achievement according to SDAI at 6 months was significantly higher in the strategic bDMARDs treatment group compared with that of the standard bDMARDs treatment group., Conclusion: Strategic treatment in which different bDMARDs were selected according to phenotypic differences in helper T cells showed significantly higher efficacy than standard bDMARD therapy, indicating the value of precision medicine.
Validation of psychometric properties and development of response criteria for the psoriasis symptoms and signs diary (PSSD): results from a phase 3 clinical trial.$$$ PURPOSE: The Psoriasis Symptoms and Signs Diary (PSSD) is a patient-reported instrument that assesses severity of six symptoms (itch, skin tightness, burning, stinging, and pain) and five signs (dryness, cracking, scaling, shedding/flaking, redness, and bleeding) of psoriasis., MATERIALS AND METHODS: PSSD symptoms and signs summary scores (range, 0-100) were derived based on individual item scores (0-10 [absent-worst imaginable]). Using Psoriasis Area and Severity Index [PASI], Investigator's Global Assessment [IGA] and Dermatology Life Quality Index [DLQI]) data from the NAVIGATE trial of patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis, analyses were conducted to further validate the PSSD (7-day recall version) and establish criteria for clinically meaningful improvements (CMIs)., RESULTS: Mean PSSD symptoms and signs summary scores were 50.6 and 60.7, respectively, at baseline, with no major floor (score of 0) or ceiling (maximum score) effects. PSSD scores and changes in PSSD scores were highly correlated with PASI, IGA, and DLQI scores (most Spearman's correlation r's >=0.4, all p < .001). A 2-grade improvement in IGA or an improvement of 75%-<90% in PASI was associated with CMIs of >=40-points in PSSD summary scores and >=3-5-points in individual item scores., CONCLUSIONS: The PSSD possesses strong psychometric properties and is suitable for use as a measure of disease severity in clinical studies of patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis.
Discovery of increased epidermal DNAH10 expression after regeneration of dermis in a randomized with-in person trial - reflections on psoriatic inflammation.$$$ Because molecular memories of past inflammatory events can persist in epidermal cells, we evaluated the long-term epidermal protein expression landscapes after dermal regeneration and in psoriatic inflammation. We first characterized the effects of two dermal regeneration strategies on transplants of indicator split-thickness skin grafts (STSGs) in ten adult patients with deep burns covering more than 20% of their body surface area. After fascial excision, three adjacent areas within the wound were randomized to receive a permanent dermal matrix, a temporary granulation-tissue-inducing dressing or no dermal component as control. Control areas were covered with STSG immediately, and treated areas after two-weeks of dermis formation. Epidermis-dermis-targeted proteomics of one-year-follow-up samples were performed for protein expression profiling. Epidermal expression of axonemal dynein heavy chain 10 (DNAH10) was increased 20-fold in samples having had regenerating dermis vs control. Given the dermal inflammatory component found in our dermal regeneration samples as well as in early psoriatic lesions, we hypothesized that DNAH10 protein expression also would be affected in psoriatic skin samples. We discovered increased DNAH10 expression in inflammatory lesions when compared to unaffected skin. Our results associate DNAH10 expression with cell proliferation and inflammation as well as with the epidermal memory resulting from the previous regenerative signals of dermis. This study (ISRCTN14499986) was funded by the Finnish Ministry of Defense and by government subsidies for medical research.
Secukinumab efficacy on resolution of enthesitis in psoriatic arthritis: pooled analysis of two phase 3 studies.$$$ BACKGROUND: Enthesitis is one of the psoriatic arthritis (PsA) domains. Patients with enthesitis are associated with worse outcomes than those without enthesitis. The effect of secukinumab on the resolution of enthesitis in patients with PsA was explored using pooled data from the FUTURE 2 and 3 studies., METHOD: Assessments of enthesitis through week 104 used the Leeds Enthesitis Index. These post hoc analyses included resolution of enthesitis count (EC = 0), median time to first resolution of enthesitis (Kaplan-Meier estimate), and shift analysis (as observed) of baseline EC (1, 2, or 3-6) to full resolution (FR), stable (similar or reduction of EC), or worse (EC > baseline). Efficacy outcomes (ACR, PASI, HAQ-DI, SF-36 PCS, and DAS28-CRP) were assessed in patients with or without baseline enthesitis. Results are reported for secukinumab 300 and 150 mg in the overall population and by prior TNFi treatment., RESULTS: A total of 65% (466/712) of patients had baseline enthesitis. In the overall population, FR was achieved as early as week 16 in 65% (300 mg) and 56% (150 mg) versus 44% (placebo) patients, with further improvements to 91% (300 mg) and 88% (150 mg) at week 104. The majority (89%) of patients without enthesitis at baseline maintained this status at week 104. Median days to resolution of EC were shorter with secukinumab 300 and 150 mg versus placebo (57 and 85 vs 167 days, respectively). In patients with EC of 1 or 2, shift analysis from baseline to week 24 showed that more patients achieved FR with secukinumab 300 mg and 150 mg versus placebo, whereas no difference between secukinumab and placebo was shown in the more severe patients with EC of 3-6. Increases in proportions of patients with FR were observed with secukinumab irrespective of the severity of EC from baseline to week 104. Improvements in efficacy outcomes were similar in patients with or without enthesitis treated with secukinumab 300 mg., CONCLUSION: Secukinumab provided early and sustained resolution of enthesitis in patients with PsA over 2 years. Secukinumab 300 mg provided higher resolution than 150 mg in patients with more severe baseline EC and showed similar overall efficacy in patients with or without enthesitis., TRIAL REGISTRATION: FUTURE 2: ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT01752634 (date of study registration: December 19, 2012), and EudraCT, 2012-004439-22 (date of study registration: December 12, 2012) FUTURE 3: ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT01989468 (date of study registration: November 21, 2013), and EudraCT, 2013-004002-25 (date of study registration: December 17, 2013).
Apremilast mechanism of efficacy in systemic-naive patients with moderate plaque psoriasis: Pharmacodynamic results from the UNVEIL study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Pharmacodynamic (PD) subanalyses of clinical trials in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis demonstrated the efficacy of apremilast correlated with reductions in cytokines involved in the pathogenesis of psoriasis., OBJECTIVE: This PD subanalysis of a phase IV, randomized, controlled trial (UNVEIL) in systemic-naive patients with moderate plaque psoriasis (psoriasis-involved body surface area [BSA] 5%-10%; static Physician's Global Assessment [sPGA]=3) evaluated the relationship between efficacy and changes in inflammatory biomarkers with apremilast 30mg twice daily (BID) versus placebo., METHODS: Patients were randomized (2:1) to apremilast 30mg BID or placebo for 16 weeks. Blood samples were analyzed for interleukins (IL)-17A, -17F, -22, and -23; cardiometabolic biomarkers (leptin; adiponectin; apolipoproteins A-I, A-II, B, and E); and the number of T-helper 17 (Th17) cells, regulatory T cells, and total T cells at Weeks 0, 4, and 16. Correlations were examined between percentage change in biomarkers and efficacy (based on PGAxBSA)., RESULTS: Of 221 randomized patients, 38 were included in PD analyses (placebo, n=12; apremilast, n=26). Median percentage reductions in plasma cytokine levels were significantly greater with apremilast versus placebo for IL-17A (P<0.05), IL -17F (P<0.001), and IL-22 (P<0.01) at Week 4 and IL-22 (P<0.05) at Week 16. At Week 16, in patients receiving apremilast, improvement in PGAxBSA significantly correlated with change in IL-17A (r=0.45, P=0.04). Adipokines, apolipoproteins, and T-cell population levels were largely unchanged., CONCLUSION: Clinical improvements in psoriasis correlated with apremilast-mediated decreases in IL-17A without significantly affecting systemic IL-23 levels, adipokines, or Th17 and regulatory T-cell numbers. Copyright © 2019 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
A criterion-based approach to systematic and transparent comparative effectiveness: a case study in psoriatic arthritis.$$$ Aim: Indirect treatment comparisons are used when no direct comparison is available. Comparison networks should satisfy the transitivity assumption, that is, equal likelihood of treatment assignment for a given patient based on comparability of studies. Materials & methods: Seven criteria were evaluated across 18 randomized controlled trials in psoriatic arthritis: inclusion/exclusion criteria, clinical trial design and follow-up, patient-level baseline characteristics, disease severity, prior therapies, concomitant and extended-trial treatment and placebo response differences. Results: Across studies, placebo was a common comparator, and key efficacy end points were reported. Collectively, several potential sources of insufficient transitivity were identified, most often related to trial design and population differences. Conclusion:  Potential challenges in satisfying transitivity occur frequently and should be evaluated thoroughly.
TNF-alpha inhibitors for the six treatment targets of psoriatic arthritis.$$$ Introduction: Psoriatic Arthritis (PsA) is a chronic inflammatory disease characterized by psoriasis, synovitis, enthesitis, spondylitis, and association with extra-articular manifestations and comorbidities. Treatment of PsA dramatically changed since the introduction of anti-TNF drugs which have shown to reduce the symptoms and signs of the disease and slow the radiographic progression. Despite the introduction of new molecules with different mechanisms of action, the role of anti-TNF in the treatment of all disease manifestations of this intriguing disease is still central. Areas covered: The aim of this paper is to review the role of anti-TNF drugs in the treatment of different disease domains in PsA (peripheral and axial joints, skin, enthesis, patient's reported outcomes, extra-articular manifestations), reporting data from randomized clinical trials and observational studies. An extensive literature search was performed on PubMed, with no limits or filters. The following search terms were used: 'anti-TNF', 'Psoriatic Arthritis'. Expert opinion: Despite the emergence of different new treatments, anti-TNF therapy remains central in the management of all disease domains in PsA patients.
Consistent responses with guselkumab treatment in Asian and non-Asian patients with psoriasis: An analysis from VOYAGE 1 and VOYAGE 2.$$$ Guselkumab, an interleukin-23 blocker, was superior to placebo and adalimumab and well-tolerated in phase 3 psoriasis studies (VOYAGE 1 and VOYAGE 2). This analysis evaluated the consistency of response in the Asian subpopulation in VOYAGE 1 and VOYAGE 2. Study designs were identical through week 24; patients were randomized to guselkumab, placebo, or adalimumab. Investigator's Global Assessment (IGA), Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI), safety, and pharmacokinetic and immunogenicity data from VOYAGE 1 and VOYAGE 2 were pooled and compared by race (Asian, n = 199; non-Asian, n = 1630). At week 16, treatment differences between guselkumab and placebo were 78.2 (95% confidence interval [CI], 66.9-89.6) and 76.4 (95% CI, 72.7-80.2) percentage points for IGA 0/1 (score of 0 or 1) and 70.1 (95% CI, 60.0-80.1) and 68.5 (95% CI, 64.9-72.2) percentage points for PASI 90 (>=90% improvement) in the Asian and non-Asian populations, respectively. Treatment differences between guselkumab and adalimumab were 31.1 (95% CI, 17.7-44.6) and 16.1 (95% CI, 11.2-21.0) percentage points for IGA 0/1 and 24.9 (95% CI, 9.4-40.5) and 23.2 (95% CI, 17.7-28.6) percentage points for PASI 90 in the Asian and non-Asian populations, respectively. Similar results were observed at week 24. Safety was generally similar between populations and among treatment groups. Median serum guselkumab concentrations over time were comparable between the populations. Comparable responses between the Asian and non-Asian populations in this analysis suggest that the overall efficacy, safety, and the resulting benefit/risk analyses from VOYAGE 1 and VOYAGE 2 are applicable to Asian populations. Copyright © 2019 Janssen Research & Development, LLC. The Journal of Dermatology published by John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd.
Dimethyl fumarate is efficacious in severe plaque psoriasis : Post hoc analysis from the BRIDGE trial in Austria.$$$ BACKGROUND: Fumaric acid esters are recommended in European guidelines for induction and maintenance treatment of patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. A systemic medication with pure dimethyl fumarate without monoethyl fumarate salts was recently licensed in Europe., OBJECTIVE: The efficacy and safety of pure dimethyl fumarate were assessed in patients with severe (physician global assessment) plaque psoriasis in Austria in the BRIDGE trial., METHODS: In this double blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial patients received 16-week treatment with pure dimethyl fumarate in a head to head comparison with dimethyl fumarate with monoethyl fumarate salts, which is licensed in Germany. In this post hoc analysis the efficacy and safety were assessed in patients with severe psoriasis in Austria., RESULTS: Efficacy measures significantly improved in both active treatment arms compared to placebo in 65 patients after 16 weeks of treatment. Physician global assessment of clear/almost clear in the dimethyl fumarate group was non-inferior to the dimethyl fumarate with monoethyl fumarate salts group 2 months after end of treatment. No serious adverse reaction occurred in patients with dimethyl fumarate in contrast to the second active treatment. Efficacy outcome was paralleled by quality of life improvements., CONCLUSION: This is the first report of dimethyl fumarate in a severely affected population with plaque psoriasis. Dimethyl fumarate is effective and safe in the systemic treatment of adults with severe psoriasis (physician global assessment).
Short-Term Efficacy and Safety of IL-17, IL-12/23, and IL-23 Inhibitors Brodalumab, Secukinumab, Ixekizumab, Ustekinumab, Guselkumab, Tildrakizumab, and Risankizumab for the Treatment of Moderate to Severe Plaque Psoriasis: A Systematic Review and Network Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.$$$ BACKGROUND: The role of interleukin-12 (IL-12), interleukin-23 (IL-23), and interleukin-17 (IL-17) has been recognized in psoriasis pathogenesis, and new drugs targeting this axis have already been developed which may provide a new therapeutic approach for patients with moderate to severe psoriasis., OBJECTIVE: To compare the direct and indirect evidences of the efficacy and safety of brodalumab, secukinumab, ixekizumab, ustekinumab, guselkumab, tildrakizumab, and risankizumab in the short-term treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis using network meta-analysis (NMA)., METHODS: A comprehensive literature search was performed in PubMed, EMBASE, and Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials for the available relevant studies. NMA was conducted by Stata 15.0 software using relative risks (RR) with 95% confidence interval to assess the clinical effectiveness and safety. Ranked the efficacy and safety for each drug accordance with the surface under the cumulative ranking curve (SUCRA)., RESULTS: This meta-analysis included 28 studies. All the interventions performed better than placebo in short-term achievement. Based on the result of SUCRA, ixekizumab 80 mg every 2 weeks ranked the highest in short-term achievement of PASI 75 (SUCRA = 93.0%). Brodalumab 210 mg ranked the highest in short-term achievement of PASI 100 (SUCRA = 85.0%). Secukinumab 300 mg ranked the highest in short-term achievement of sPGA 0/1 or IGA 0/1 or PGA 0/1 (SUCRA = 98.1%). In terms of having a risk of adverse events, the rates were higher in brodalumab, secukinumab, ixekizumab, and ustekinumab 45 mg compared with placebo. Ixekizumab 80 mg every 4 weeks ranked the highest in the risk of adverse events during short-term treatment (SUCRA = 4.5%). Guselkumab 50 mg ranked the highest in the risk of serious adverse events during short-term treatment (SUCRA = 25.9%). Ixekizumab 80 mg every 4 weeks ranked the highest in the risk of discontinuations due to adverse events during short-ter treatment (SUCRA = 10.7%)., CONCLUSIONS: IL-17, IL-12/23, and IL-23 inhibitors had high efficacy in the achievement of PASI 75, PASI 100, and sPGA 0/1 or IGA 0/1 or PGA 0/1 in moderate to severe plaque psoriasis after 12 or 16 weeks of treatment. IL-17 inhibitors showed superior efficacy. However, its clinical safety was poor. Risankizumab appeared to have relatively high efficacy and low risk. The clinical tolerance of other biological agents needs to be further observed. Copyright © 2019 Fan Bai et al.
Risankizumab in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.$$$ Psoriasis is a chronic inflammatory disease affecting multiple organ systems affecting approximately 2% of the population worldwide. The etiology is multifactorial etiology with multiple co-morbidities complicating the disease. Therapeutic options for patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis have made tremendous strides since the turn of the century and biologic agents are now generally considered to be safe, efficacious and common options for these patients. However, some patients remain recalcitrant to the current treatment options. Risankizumab is a newly US FDA-approved biologic therapy that inhibits IL-23p19 subunit, which is specific to IL-23. Risankizumab has proven rapid onset, safety and efficacy in moderate-to-severe psoriasis and is currently being studied in other diseases utilizing the IL-23 pathway.
Efficacy of methotrexate in management of peripheral psoriatic arthritis - a systematic review.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Psoriatic arthritis (PsA) is a chronic inflammatory joint disease associated with psoriasis. Treatment consists of disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs with methotrexate (MTX) as first choice, yet documentation of the efficacy of this treatment is limited. The objective of this review is to make an accessible overview of the existing evidence on the clinical effect of MTX in the treatment of peripheral PsA., METHODS: A systematic search for randomised controlled trials was conducted using the PubMed, Embase and Cochrane Library databases. Studies examining the effect of MTX on peripheral arthritis in adult patients with PsA were included. Only trials published in English were considered and for each study, the methodological quality was assessed., RESULTS: Seven studies qualified given the selected criteria. None of the two placebo-controlled trials included found a significant reduction in tender and swollen joint counts. Trials comparing MTX to combination therapy with TNF-alpha inhibitor or ciclosporin A demonstrated some clinical benefits of MTX; however, combination therapy was superior to MTX monotherapy. In a strategy trial, patients were able to reach minimal disease activity with MTX treatment alone, pointing towards some efficacy of MTX on clinical manifestations., CONCLUSIONS: Clinical benefits have been found in the treatment of PsA with MTX. MTX has demonstrated clinical efficacy in the treatment of psoriasis; however, the treatment of peripheral arthritis still lacks supportive evidence. More controlled trials need to be conducted to underpin evidence-based use of MTX. Copyright Articles published in the DMJ are "open access". This means that the articles are distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution Non-commercial License, which permits any non-commercial use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author(s) and source are credited.
Efficacy of ustekinumab in biologic-naive patients with psoriatic arthritis by prior treatment exposure and disease duration: data from PSUMMIT 1 and PSUMMIT 2.$$$ Objective: To evaluate the efficacy of ustekinumab by prior treatment exposure and disease duration in tumour necrosis factor inhibitor (TNF)-naive patients with psoriatic arthritis (PsA) in the PSUMMIT 1 and PSUMMIT 2 studies., Methods: In the phase 3, randomised, placebo-controlled PSUMMIT 1 and PSUMMIT 2 studies, adults with active PsA for >=6 months despite conventional synthetic disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs (csDMARDs) and/or non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) (PSUMMIT 1) or csDMARDs, NSAIDs and/or anti-TNF agents (PSUMMIT 2) were enrolled. Patients were randomised to subcutaneous injections of placebo, ustekinumab 45 mg or ustekinumab 90 mg at weeks 0 and 4 and every 12 weeks. Efficacy was assessed at week 24 using the American College of Rheumatology criteria and 28-joint count disease activity score using C reactive protein (DAS28-CRP); radiographical progression, enthesitis, and dactylitis were also assessed in this post hoc analysis., Results: A total of 747 patients were included; all 747 were TNF-naive, of which, 179 were methotrexate-naive and TNF-naive, and 146 were all csDMARD-naive and TNF-naive. At week 24, greater proportions of ustekinumab-treated patients had >=20%/50%/70% improvement in American College of Rheumatology criteria (ACR20/ACR50/ACR70) responses, DAS28-CRP response and DAS28-CRP remission versus placebo in all three prior-treatment populations, with similar differences between treatment groups. Greater proportions of ustekinumab-treated patients also had complete resolution of enthesitis and dactylitis at week 24 across the three prior-treatment populations. Mean changes from baseline in total van der Heijde-Sharp Score at week 24 were generally smaller for ustekinumab-treated patients versus placebo but were statistically significant only in the full TNF-naive population. Response rates for ACR20/ACR50/ACR70 were similar for TNF-naive patients with PsA durations of <1 year, >=1 to <3 years, and >=3 years., Conclusion: Ustekinumab-treated patients demonstrated greater clinical response at week 24 compared with placebo regardless of prior treatment exposure and PsA disease duration. Copyright © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2019. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Sustained remission with methotrexate monotherapy after 22-week induction treatment with TNF-alpha inhibitor and methotrexate in early psoriatic arthritis: an open-label extension of a randomized placebo-controlled trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: If TNF inhibitors are initiated in the early stages of psoriatic arthritis, this could potentially modulate disease and therefore allow us to discontinue the TNF inhibitor after achieving remission., OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether remission induced by tumour necrosis factor alpha inhibitor (TNFi) and methotrexate in patients with early psoriatic arthritis is sustained after withdrawal of TNFi., METHODS: Open-label extension of a recently published double-blind, randomized placebo-controlled trial. Patients with psoriatic arthritis fulfilling the CASPAR criteria and with active disease at baseline (swollen and tender joint count >= 3) were randomized to either golimumab and methotrexate or matched placebo and methotrexate. Patients in Disease Activity Score (DAS) remission at week 22 continued in the open-label extension on methotrexate monotherapy. The primary end point was the percentage of patients in DAS-CRP remission (DAS < 1.6) at week 50., RESULTS: Eight patients from the original placebo group and 18 patients from the original TNFi group continued in the extension phase. At week 50, 6 out of 8 (75%) patients from the original MTX (methotrexate) group versus 10 out of 18 (56%) patients from the original MTX+TNFi group were in DAS-CRP remission (p = 0.347). Considering the total study population, 6 out of 24 (25%) of the original MTX group versus 10 out of 26 (38.5%) of the original MTX+TNFi group were in DAS remission at week 50 (p = 0.308)., CONCLUSIONS: Remission achieved by initial combination treatment with TNFi and methotrexate in early psoriatic arthritis is maintained on methotrexate monotherapy in approximately half of the patients., TRIAL REGISTRATION: Registered at Clinicaltrials.gov with number NCT01871649 on June 7, 2013.
Evidence for a role of autoinflammation in early-phase psoriasis.$$$ Psoriasis is a common, inflammatory immune-mediated skin disease mainly presenting with plaques whose pathogenesis is based on the central role of the interleukin (IL)-23/IL-17 axis. However, the mechanisms acting in papular lesions of early-phase psoriasis are not fully understood. The aim of this study was to assess the involvement of autoinflammation, a state of sterile inflammation mainly driven by IL-1 over-production that has been recently hypothesized to act in the early phase of disease. Lesional skin of 10 patients with recent onset, untreated psoriasis has been investigated for expression of IL-1beta, IL-17, IL-23 and other cytokines involved in the disease in comparison with normal skin of 10 healthy controls using a protein array method. Immunohistochemical phenotyping of inflammatory infiltrate and co-localization experiments with immunofluorescence confocal microscopy were conducted. IL-1beta was significantly more expressed in psoriasis than in normal skin (P < 0.0001). The chemokine IL-8 was also over-expressed in psoriasis (P = 0.03) while IL-12, IL-17, IL-23, tumour necrosis factor-alpha and interferon-gamma were only slightly more expressed in psoriasis than in normal skin, without reaching statistical significance. The inflammatory infiltrate consisted mainly of neutrophils with a relevant number of macrophages and dendritic cells and only scattered, predominantly T helper 1 lymphocytes. IL-1beta co-localized mainly with CD66b, a neutrophil marker, suggesting that neutrophils were the major source of this cytokine. IL-1beta over-expression in combination with low expression of cytokines that are predominant in late-phase plaque psoriasis may support the role of autoinflammation in early-phase disease, possibly paving the way to randomized trials with IL-1 antagonists. Copyright © 2019 British Society for Immunology.
Treatment of plaque psoriasis with IL-23p19 blockers: A systematic review and meta-analysis.$$$ OBJECTIVES: Interleukin(IL)-23 is a key cytokine in the pathogenesis of psoriasis, this meta-analysis was to analyze the efficacy and safety of IL-23p19 blockers in patients with plaque psoriasis., METHODS: A systematic review of the literature was performed to collect double-blind randomized controlled trials(RCTs). The pooled relative risk(RR) with 95% confidence interval(CI) was calculated. All analyses were conducted with intention-to-treat basis., RESULTS: A total of 13 studies contained 5155 plaque psoriasis patients were included in our meta-analysis. The results indicated that IL-23p19 blockers had better efficacy than placebo for Psoriasis Area Severity Index score reductions from baseline of 75% or more (PASI75) (RR=11.47, P<0.001) and static Physician's Global Assessment score of 0 or 1(sPGA0/1) (RR=11.32, P<0.001). IL-23p19 blockers have similar safety with placebo about the incidence of adverse events(AEs) (RR=1.22, P=0.096) and serious adverse events(SAEs) (RR=2.93, P=0.965), but IL-23p19 blockers carried an increased incidence rate of infections (RR=1.39, P<0.001). While compared with adalimumab and ustekinumab, IL-23p19 blockers were more effective and had the similar tolerance. Among three IL-23p19 blockers, guselkumab was the most efficacious treatments, and risankizumab was better tolerated than the others., CONCLUSION: The IL-23p19 blockers have excellent efficacy and great safety in plaque psoriasis patients, but long-term safety remains to be determined. Copyright © 2019 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Learning From Success and Failure: Biologics for Non-approved Skin Diseases.$$$ The impressive potential of biologics has been demonstrated in psoriasis, hidradenitis suppurativa, and urticaria. Numerous biologicals are entering the field for a restricted number of skin disorders. Off-label use of biologics in other recalcitrant skin diseases has increased. Mounting data point to the potential of already existing biologics acting on the IL-17/IL-23 pathway in skin disorders with epidermal hyperkeratosis (e.g., pityriasis rubra pilaris), acneiform inflammation (e.g., hidradenitis suppurativa), and loss of mucosal integrity (e.g., aphthosis). TNF-alpha blockers are also effective in the latter conditions but seem of particular value in granulomatous (e.g., granuloma annulare) and neutrophilic disorders (e.g., pyoderma gangrenosum). Failure of IL-17 blockade in skin diseases resulting from immune-mediated cell destruction (e.g., alopecia areata and vitiligo) illustrates its limited involvement in Th1-dependent skin immunology. Overall, disappointing results of TNF-alpha blockers in alopecia areata and vitiligo point to the same conclusion although promising results in toxic epidermal necrolysis suggest TNF-alpha exerts at least some in vivo Th1-related activities. Acting on both the Th1 and Th17 pathway, ustekinumab has a rather broad potential with interesting results in lupus and alopecia areata. The efficacy of omalizumab in bullous pemphigoid has revealed an IgE-mediated recruitment of eosinophils leading to bullae formation. Reconsidering reimbursement criteria for less common but severe diseases seems appropriate if substantial evidence is available (e.g., pityriasis rubra pilaris). For other disorders, investigator- and industry-initiated randomized clinical trials should be stimulated. They are likely to improve patient outcome and advance our understanding of challenging skin disorders.
Comparison of the Safety and Efficacy of Tumor Necrosis Factor Inhibitors and Interleukin-17 Inhibitors in Patients With Psoriasis.$$$ Psoriasis (PsO) is a common, systemic, chronic inflammatory disease characterized by key clinical symptoms, including itching, pain, and scaling, and is associated with substantial physical, psychosocial, and economic health burdens. Currently, there is no cure for PsO; however, the introduction of biologic therapies has revolutionized the clinical management of patients with PsO by expanding treatment options to include multiple therapies with different mechanisms of action targeting cytokines, including tumor necrosis factor inhibitors (TNFis), interleukin (IL)-17A inhibitors, an IL-12/23 inhibitor, and IL-23 inhibitors. TNFis are historically considered the first-line biologic treatment and the first-generation biologics; however, increased understanding of TNF-alpha and IL-17 synergistic functions have recently led to evidence that specifically targeting IL-17 may be more likely to improve disease activity than a more general, nonspecific therapy target, such as TNF-alpha. This review highlights currently available evidence and demonstrates the differences between TNFis and IL-17A inhibitors in patients with PsO with regard to efficacy and safety.
Assessing the relative efficacy of interleukin-17 and interleukin-23 targeted treatments for moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: A systematic review and network meta-analysis of PASI response.$$$ INTRODUCTION: New generation biologics, including interleukin (IL)-17 and IL-23 inhibitors, have delivered higher rates of skin clearance than older treatments in head-to-head studies. However, studies comparing these new biologics directly to one another are limited., OBJECTIVES: To compare the short-term efficacy of available (or imminently available) biologic and non-biologic systemic therapies for treating patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis., METHODS: A systematic review was undertaken to identify randomised controlled trials evaluating biologic treatments, apremilast and dimethyl fumarate. MEDLINE, MEDLINE In-Process, Embase and the Cochrane Library were searched from the 1st January 2000 to 22nd November 2018. A Bayesian network meta-analysis (NMA) using a random-effects multinomial likelihood model with probit link and meta-regression to adjust for cross-trial variation in placebo responses compared the efficacy of interventions at inducing different levels of Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) response during the induction period. A range of sensitivity analyses was undertaken., RESULTS: Seventy-seven trials (34,816 patients) were included in the NMA. The base-case analysis showed that all active treatments were superior to placebo. IL-17 inhibitors, guselkumab and risankizumab were found to be more efficacious than tildrakizumab, ustekinumab, all TNF inhibitors and non-biologic systemic treatments at inducing all levels of PASI response. In addition, brodalumab, ixekizumab and risankizumab were significantly more efficacious than secukinumab; no significant difference was found in the comparison with guselkumab. The greatest benefit of brodalumab, ixekizumab, guselkumab, and risankizumab was seen for PASI 90 and PASI 100 response. Results were consistent across all analyses., CONCLUSIONS: In the NMA brodalumab, ixekizumab, risankizumab and guselkumab showed the highest levels of short-term efficacy. There were differences in efficacy between treatments within the same class. Longer-term analyses are needed to understand differences between these drugs beyond induction in what is a life-long condition.
Tildrakizumab efficacy and impact on quality of life up to 52 weeks in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis: a pooled analysis of two randomized controlled trials.$$$ BACKGROUND: Two randomized controlled trials (reSURFACE 1 and 2) have demonstrated the effectiveness of tildrakizumab, a high-affinity, humanized, IgG1kappa, anti-interleukin-23 monoclonal antibody, for treating moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis in the first 28 weeks., OBJECTIVES: To examine the efficacy of tildrakizumab and its impact on quality of life (QoL) in patients with different levels of week-28 Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) improvement., METHODS: Patients treated with tildrakizumab 100 mg or 200 mg from baseline to week 28 were pooled from reSURFACE 1 and reSURFACE 2 and classified into five mutually exclusive week-28 PASI improvement groups for each dose: PASI 0-49, 50-74, 75-89, 90-99 and 100. Mean PASI improvement and Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI) 0/1 over time were examined for each group., RESULTS: Of 1156 patients, 575 were in the 100-mg and 578 in the 200-mg cohorts, respectively. At week 28, 8.3%, 14.3%, 23.8%, 30.4% and 23.1% in the 100-mg and 4.0%, 18.1%, 19.6%, 29.1% and 29.3% in the 200-mg cohort achieved PASI < 50, 50-74, 75-89, 90-99 and 100, respectively. Patients with PASI < 50 at week 28 could be identified as early as week 8, and those with week-28 PASI >= 90 had approximately 50% PASI improvement by week 4. Among patients achieving PASI > 50 at week 28 who continued the same dose of tildrakizumab to week 52, mean PASI improvement was maintained or improved over time. Similar results were observed for both doses. Higher proportions of patients achieved DLQI 0/1 in higher week-28 PASI groups, and DLQI 0/1 was maintained or improved to week 52. However, not all patients with PASI 100 had DLQI 0/1., CONCLUSION: Patients unlikely to respond to tildrakizumab could be identified by week 8, and those likely to achieve a PASI >= 90 response could be identified as early as week 4. Week-28 PASI improvement level correlated with QoL improvement. Copyright © 2019 The Authors. Journal of the European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
Guselkumab versus secukinumab for the treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis (ECLIPSE): results from a phase 3, randomised controlled trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Antibodies targeting interleukin (IL)-23 and IL-17A effectively treat moderate-to-severe psoriasis. ECLIPSE is the first comparator study of an IL-23p19 inhibitor, guselkumab, versus an IL-17A inhibitor, secukinumab. The primary objective of this study was to show superiority of clinical response at week 48 for guselkumab versus secukinumab., METHODS: In this phase 3, multicentre, double-blind, randomised, comparator-controlled trial at 142 outpatient clinical sites in nine countries (Australia, Canada, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Hungary, Poland, Spain, and the USA), eligible patients were aged 18 years or older, had moderate-to-severe plaque-type psoriasis, and were candidates for phototherapy or systemic therapy. Eligible patients were randomly assigned with permuted block randomisation using an interactive web response system to receive either guselkumab (100 mg at weeks 0 and 4 then every 8 weeks) or secukinumab (300 mg at weeks 0, 1, 2, 3, and 4, and then every 4 weeks). The primary endpoint, the proportion of patients in the intention-to-treat population who achieved 90% reduction or more from baseline of Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI 90 response) at week 48, and major secondary endpoints (the proportions of patients in the guselkumab group and in the secukinumab group who achieved a PASI 75 response at both weeks 12 and 48, a PASI 90 response at week 12, a PASI 75 response at week 12, a PASI 100 response at week 48, an Investigator's Global Assessment [IGA] score of 0 [cleared] at week 48, and an IGA score of 0 or 1 [minimal] at week 48) were to be tested in a fixed sequence to control type I error rate. Safety was evaluated in patients who received one or more doses of study drug from week 0 to 56. The study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT03090100., FINDINGS: This study was done between April 27, 2017, and Sept 20, 2018. 1048 eligible patients were enrolled and, of these, 534 were assigned to receive guselkumab and 514 to receive secukinumab. The proportion of patients with a PASI 90 response at week 48 was greater in the guselkumab group (451 [84%]) than in the secukinumab group (360 [70%]; p<0.0001). Although non-inferiority (margin of 10 percentage points) was established for the first major secondary endpoint (452 [85%] of patients in the guselkumab group vs 412 [80%] of patients in the secukinumab group achieving a PASI 75 response at both weeks 12 and 48), superiority was not established (p=0.0616). Consequently, formal statistical testing was not done for subsequent major secondary endpoints. Proportions of patients with adverse events, infections, and serious adverse events were similar between the two treatments and, in general, safety findings were consistent with registrational trial observations., INTERPRETATION: Guselkumab showed superior long-term efficacy based on PASI 90 at week 48 when compared with secukinumab for treating moderate-to-severe psoriasis. This finding could assist health-care providers in their decision making process when selecting a biologic for treating moderate-to-severe psoriasis., FUNDING: This study was funded by Janssen Research & Development. Copyright © 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effectiveness of methotrexate in moderate to severe psoriasis patients: real-world registry data from the Swiss Dermatology Network for Targeted Therapies (SDNTT).$$$ Methotrexate (MTX) is a frequently used anti-psoriatic drug that is commonly recommended in international psoriasis guidelines. It is effective in treating skin lesions, nail changes and psoriatic arthritis. In 2017 a prospective, multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, phase 3 trial, commonly known as the METOP trial, was published assessing the effectiveness and safety of subcutaneous administration of methotrexate. Because trial data do not always relate to real-life data with unselected patient populations, we wanted to determine whether the data obtained in the METOP-trial correspond to real-life registry data from our Swiss Dermatology Network for Targeted Therapies (SDNTT). Data of 449 patients with moderate to severe psoriasis who participated in the SDNTT registry between 2011 and 1st of July 2017 were analyzed. Only patients receiving methotrexate s.c. were included. 66 patients under MTX were included into this study. Baseline PASI was 6.3 +/- 3.8 (SDNTT) compared to 15.9 +/- 5.9 in the METOP trial. In our cohort, only 18% of all patients reached PASI 75 after 12 weeks, 6% showed a complete remission (PASI 100) compared to 41% and 4% in the METOP trial after 16 weeks. 22.7% of all patients showed increased liver enzymes in either study and nausea was seen in 15% (SDNTT) versus 22% (METOP) of patients. No severe adverse events were observed in our cohort. Compared to the METOP-trial, the response rates seen our real-world cohort were distinctly lower.
Japanese guidelines for the management and treatment of generalized pustular psoriasis: The new pathogenesis and treatment of GPP.$$$ Generalized pustular psoriasis (GPP) is a rare disease characterized by recurrent fever and systemic flushing accompanied by extensive sterile pustules. The committee of the guidelines was founded as a collaborative project between the Japanese Dermatological Association and the Study Group for Rare Intractable Skin Diseases under the Ministry of Health, Labour, and Welfare Research Project on Overcoming Intractable Diseases. The aim of the guidelines was to provide current information to aid in the treatment of patients with GPP in Japan. Its contents include the diagnostic and severity classification criteria for GPP, its pathogenesis, and recommendations for the treatment of GPP. Since there are few clinical trial data with high levels of evidence for this rare disease, recommendations by the committee are described in the present guidelines. Copyright © 2018 Japanese Dermatological Association.
Long-term real-life safety profile and effectiveness of fumaric acid esters in psoriasis patients: a single-centre, retrospective, observational study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Fumaric acid esters (FAEs) are an established systemic treatment for moderate-to-severe psoriasis. However, the long-term clinical safety and effectiveness of continuous FAE monotherapy and combination therapy have not been established., OBJECTIVE: To examine the long-term safety and effectiveness of FAEs as monotherapy and in combination with phototherapy or methotrexate in patients with psoriasis treated at a single centre in Germany., METHODS: This monocentric, retrospective observational study, with a follow-up period of up to 32.5 years, included 859 patients: 626 received FAE monotherapy, 123 received FAEs with concomitant phototherapy and 110 received FAEs with methotrexate., RESULTS: Approximately half of patients (49.0%) reported adverse events (566 total events), most of which involved the gastrointestinal tract. Serious adverse events were reported in 2.3% of patients, but none were deemed to have a causal relationship with any of the treatment regimens. Adverse events leading to treatment discontinuation were observed in 12.9% of patients. A median duration of 1 year was observed in all three treatment subcohorts (P = 0.70) from initiation of FAE treatment to a 50% response rate, where response was defined as achieving a cumulative static Physician's Global Assessment (PGA) score of 'light' and at least a 2-point reduction in baseline PGA. A 50% response rate for the cumulative Psoriasis Area and Severity Index 75 was achieved in the FAE monotherapy subcohort after a median of 3 years of treatment, in the FAEs + phototherapy subcohort after 6.7 years and in the FAEs + methotrexate subcohort after 8.1 years (P = 0.001)., CONCLUSION: According to our data, FAEs as monotherapy or in combination with phototherapy or methotrexate are safe and beneficial for long-term clinical use. However, multicentre, randomized controlled trials are required to establish the clinical value of monotherapy versus combination therapy and the optimal treatment duration. Copyright © 2018 The Authors. Journal of the European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
Inhibition of interleukin-12 and/or interleukin-23 for the treatment of psoriasis: What is the evidence for an effect on malignancy?.$$$ Immune cells and cytokines play an important role in the pathogenesis of psoriasis. Interleukin-12 (IL-12) and IL-23 promote cellular responses mediated by T cells, which contribute to an inflammatory loop responsible for the induction and maintenance of psoriatic plaques. Antibodies that inhibit IL-12/23 or IL-23 are key treatment options for patients with psoriasis. IL-12 and IL-23 also play a key role in immune responses to infections and tumors. A growing body of information from clinical trials, cohort studies, postmarketing reports, genetic studies and animal models provides insights into the potential biological relationships between IL-12/23 inhibition and malignancies. We summarize this information in tables and provide some context for the interpretation of these data with the goal of informing dermatologists who are using IL-12/23 or IL-23 inhibitors to treat patients with psoriasis. Copyright © 2018 John Wiley & Sons A/S. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Determining the Value of Two Biologic Drugs for Chronic Inflammatory Skin Diseases: Results of a Multi-Criteria Decision Analysis.$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Multi-criteria decision analysis (MCDA) is a tool that systematically considers multiple factors relevant to health decision-making. The aim of this study was to use an MCDA to assess the value of dupilumab for severe atopic dermatitis compared with secukinumab for moderate to severe plaque psoriasis in Spain., METHOD: Following the EVIDEM (Evidence and Value: Impact on DEcision Making) methodology, the estimated value of both interventions was obtained by means of an additive linear model that combined the individual weighting (between 1 and 5) of each criterion with the individual scoring of each intervention in each criterion. Dupilumab was evaluated against placebo, while secukinumab was evaluated against placebo, etanercept and ustekinumab. A retest was performed to assess the reproducibility of weights, scores and value estimates., RESULTS: The overall MCDA value estimate for dupilumab versus placebo was 0.51 +/- 0.14. This value was higher than those obtained for secukinumab: 0.48 +/- 0.15 versus placebo, 0.45 +/- 0.15 versus etanercept and 0.39 +/- 0.18 versus ustekinumab. The highest-value contribution was reported by the patients' group, followed by the clinical professionals and the decision makers. A fundamental element that explained the difference in the scoring between pathologies was the availability of therapeutic alternatives. The retest confirmed the consistency and replicability of the analysis., CONCLUSIONS: Under this methodology, and assuming similar economic costs per patient for both treatments, the results indicated that the overall value estimated of dupilumab for severe atopic dermatitis was similar to, or slightly higher than, that of secukinumab for moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
Efficacy and safety of secukinumab administration by autoinjector in patients with psoriatic arthritis: results from a randomized, placebo-controlled trial (FUTURE 3).$$$ BACKGROUND: The study aimed to assess 52-week efficacy and safety of secukinumab self-administration by autoinjector in patients with active psoriatic arthritis (PsA) in the FUTURE 3 study ( ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01989468)., METHODS: Patients (>= 18 years of age; N = 414) with active PsA were randomized 1:1:1 to subcutaneous (s.c.) secukinumab 300 mg, 150 mg, or placebo at baseline, weeks 1, 2, 3, and 4, and every 4 weeks thereafter. Per clinical response, placebo-treated patients were re-randomized to s.c. secukinumab 300 or 150 mg at week 16 (nonresponders) or week 24 (responders) and stratified at randomization by prior anti-tumor necrosis factor (TNF) therapy (anti-TNF-naive, 68.1%; intolerant/inadequate response (anti-TNF-IR), 31.9%). The primary endpoint was the proportion of patients achieving at least 20% improvement in American College of Rheumatology response criteria (ACR20) at week 24. Autoinjector usability was evaluated by Self-Injection Assessment Questionnaire (SIAQ)., RESULTS: Overall, 92.1% (300 mg), 91.3% (150 mg), and 93.4% (placebo) of patients completed 24 weeks, and 84.9% (300 mg) and 79.7% (150 mg) completed 52 weeks. In the overall population (combined anti-TNF-naive and anti-TNF-IR), ACR20 response rate at week 24 was significantly higher in secukinumab groups (300 mg, 48.2% (p < 0.0001); 150 mg, 42% (p < 0.0001); placebo, 16.1%) and was sustained through 52 weeks. SIAQ results showed that more than 93% of patients were satisfied/very satisfied with autoinjector usage. Secukinumab was well tolerated with no new or unexpected safety signals reported., CONCLUSIONS: Secukinumab provided sustained improvements in signs and symptoms in active PsA patients through 52 weeks. High acceptability of autoinjector was observed. The safety profile was consistent with that reported previously., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01989468 . Registered 21 November 2013. EudraCT 2013-004002-25 . Registered 17 December 2013.
Tazarotene gel with narrow-band UVB phototherapy: a synergistic combination in psoriasis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Narrow-band UVB (NB-UVB) has been shown to be one of the most effective treatment modalities for psoriasis. Tazarotene, a known effective anti-psoriatic modality, when combined with NB-UVB may enhance the therapeutic success., OBJECTIVE: To study clinical efficacy and safety of combination of NB-UVB with topical tazarotene 0.05% gel in psoriasis., METHOD: Thirty patients with plaque psoriasis having symmetrical lesions were enrolled for 12 weeks. All patients were instructed to apply tazarotene gel on target plaque on left side of body once daily. In addition, the whole body was irradiated with NB-UVB twice weekly. Efficacy was assessed by target plaque scoring and number of treatment sessions for clearance., RESULT: Our study resulted in 3 key findings: Firstly, therapeutic efficacy of NB-UVB was enhanced by addition of tazarotene. This enhanced efficacy was more apparent in decreasing scaling and thickness as compared to decrease in erythema. Secondly, combination therapy showed faster clearance of target plaques, with reduction in mean number of treatment sessions. Thirdly, mean cumulative NB-UVB dose needed to achieve clearance of target plaques was significantly reduced with combination therapy., STUDY LIMITATIONS: The study was not randomized or controlled, but an open-label trial. The study period was relatively short, i.e., 12 weeks, without any follow-up period., CONCLUSION: Tazarotene gel significantly enhances the therapeutic efficacy of NB-UVB irradiation with faster clearance and without serious side effects.
Mechanisms Underlying the Clinical Effects of Apremilast for Psoriasis.$$$ Psoriasis is a chronic, systemic, inflammatory disease with manifestations resulting from a dysregulated immune response. In psoriatic skin, expression of all phosphodiesterase 4 (PDE4) isoforms (A-D), part of a family of enzymes known to regulate cyclic adenosine monophosphate levels and immune homeostasis, is elevated compared with healthy controls. Agents that inhibit the enzymatic activity of PDE4, the predominant PDE in most immune cells, exert well-recognized anti-inflammatory effects. Apremilast is a selective PDE4 inhibitor approved for the treatment of adults with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis and/or psoriatic arthritis. In vitro and in vivo investigations have demonstrated the beneficial impact of apremilast treatment on PDE4 activity, inflammatory signal expression, and dermal psoriasiform signs. In patients with moderate to severe psoriasis, treatment with apremilast is associated with significant reductions in plasma levels of interleukin (IL)-17F, IL-17A, IL-22, and tumor necrosis factor-alpha compared with placebo as early as week 4; decreases in cytokine levels were sustained with continued treatment. Multivariate analyses demonstrated that while changes in IL-17F are the most important predictor of improvement in Psoriasis Area and Severity Index scores, apremilast exerts synergistic attenuating effects among a key group of cytokines involved in the pathology of psoriasis, and these effects correlate with improved skin symptoms. These in vitro and clinical data demonstrate that the beneficial effects of apremilast on known inflammatory mediators are associated with its clinical efficacy. J Drugs Dermatol. 2018;17(8):835-840. THIS ARTICLE HAD BEEN MADE AVAILABLE FREE OF CHARGE. PLEASE SCROLL DOWN TO ACCESS THE FULL TEXT OF THIS ARTICLE WITHOUT LOGGING IN. NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. PLEASE CONTACT THE PUBLISHER WITH ANY QUESTIONS..
Current biological therapies for use in HIV-positive patients with psoriasis: case report of gesulkumab used and review.$$$ BACKGROUND: Psoriasis in human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-positive patients may be severe. Physicians may be tentative to use biologics in HIV-infected patients., OBJECTIVE: We present an HIV-positive patient with psoriasis who was treated with guselkumab. This paper aims to investigate the safety, efficacy, and tolerability of biologic therapies for HIV-positive patients with psoriasis., METHODS: A systematic PubMed review of articles dating between 2000-2018 containing key words psoriasis AND HIV, and psoriatic AND HIV combined with several approved biologic therapies. The review generated 15 articles containing 27 cases of HIV-positive patients treated with etanercept, infliximab, adalimumab, or ustekinumab for their psoriasis., RESULTS: The majority of cases reported excellent clinical responses, limited adverse events, and well tolerated treatment. CD4 count and viral loads were stable throughout treatment. Similar safety and efficacy were seen in the illustrative case report. Available literature is limited to case reports or case series and could be subject to publication bias of successful cases. Many reports lack quantifiable data and report results based on clinical judgement. No randomized, controlled trials evaluate biologic treatment for psoriasis in HIV-positive patients., CONCLUSIONS: The findings suggest that biologic therapy is an efficacious, safe, and tolerable treatment for most patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis in HIV-positive patients.
Evaluation of the safety and satisfaction of rheumatic patients with accelerated infliximab infusion.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Infliximab infusion generally occurs in 2-4 h. Recent studies have suggested the possibility of accelerated infusion (1 h) of this drug., OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the safety of accelerated infliximab infusion in patients with rheumatic diseases. In addition, patient satisfaction was also assessed., METHODS: A prospective, single-center, non-randomized study with 34 patients with rheumatic diseases was conducted from July to November 2016. Patients with the following were excluded: history of allergic reaction to biologics, asthma or severe atopy. All patients previously received a 2- to 3-h infliximab infusion. The infusion rate was accelerated to 1 h, and premedication was excluded. The infusion was monitored in all patients., RESULTS: A total of 34 patients were included in the study [rheumatoid arthritis (n = 16), ankylosing spondylitis (n = 15), psoriatic arthritis (n = 2) and enteropathic arthropathy (n = 1)], with an average age of 48.7 +/- 18.6 years; 55.5% of the patients were female, and 29.4% were white. The duration of disease was 9.5 +/- 9.2 years, and the duration of infliximab use was 38.9 +/- 27.6 months, with a mean dose per infusion of 414.2 +/- 158.1 (range, 200-800) mg. The mean infliximab infusion time prior to the study was 2.2 +/- 0.4 h. A total of 6 (17.6%) patients received premedication. The premedication was suspended. There were no adverse effects during or after infusion. Ninety-seven percent of the patients and 100% of the health workers were satisfied with the accelerated infusion., CONCLUSION: Our data support the safe use of accelerated infliximab infusion in rheumatic patients, with high satisfaction among patients and health workers.
[What's new in dermatological treatment?].$$$ The therapeutic revolution in the management of inflammatory dermatoses is under way. The therapeutic arsenal is expanding in the field of psoriasis, including biologics (TNF blockers, anti-IL12/IL23, anti-IL17, and anti-IL23 antibodies), new small molecules (tyrosine kinase inhibitor), and a new biologic for generalized pustular psoriasis (anti-IL36 receptor). New biologics will be soon available in the field of atopic dermatitis in addition to anti-IL4/IL13 antibodies. New targeted treatments of pruritus are also coming (biologics and small molecules). A first randomized placebo-controlled trial has confirmed the interest of JAK inhibitors in alopecia areata. These molecules seem to be also promising in dermatomyositis. Another therapeutic revolution will be technological with the development of new therapeutic agents: small interfering RNA. Recent clinical trials confirmed their efficacy in hereditary amyloidosis. Copyright © 2018 Elsevier Masson SAS. Tous droits reserves.
Secukinumab provides sustained PASDAS-defined remission in psoriatic arthritis and improves health-related quality of life in patients achieving remission: 2-year results from the phase III FUTURE 2 study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Secukinumab has demonstrated sustained improvement in the signs and symptoms of psoriatic arthritis (PsA) over 2 years in the FUTURE 2 study (NCT01752634). This post hoc analysis assessed the ability of secukinumab to achieve Psoriatic Arthritis Disease Activity Score (PASDAS)-based remission or low disease activity (LDA) through 2 years among patients with PsA in the FUTURE 2 study., METHODS: PASDAS (cut-off scores: remission <= 1.9; LDA > 1.9 and < 3.2; Moderate Disease Activity >= 3.2 and < 5.4; and high disease activity [HDA] >= 5.4) was assessed in the overall population (tumour necrosis factor inhibitor [TNFi]-naive and TNFi-experienced), in patients stratified by prior TNFi use and by disease duration at weeks 16, 52 and 104. The impact of secukinumab on individual PASDAS core components and on the relationship between PASDAS states and patient-reported outcomes (PROs), including physical function, health-related quality of life (HRQoL) and work productivity, were also assessed. Data for the approved doses of secukinumab (300 and 150 mg) are reported. PASDAS scores and core components were reported as observed, and PROs were analysed using mixed models for repeated measures., RESULTS: In the overall population, PASDAS remission and LDA were achieved in 15.6% and 22.9%, respectively, of patients treated with secukinumab 300 mg and in 15.2% and 19.2%, respectively, in the secukinumab 150 mg group versus 2.3% and 13.8%, respectively, with placebo at week 16. In the TNFi-naive group, a higher proportion of patients achieved remission + LDA at week 16 with secukinumab 300 and 150 mg (46.2% and 42.9%, respectively) versus placebo (17.5%), with corresponding responses in TNFi-experienced patients being 22.6% and 19.4% versus 13.3%. Remission/LDA responses with secukinumab were sustained through 2 years. Patients achieving remission/LDA reported greater improvements in PROs than patients in HDA through 2 years., CONCLUSIONS: Secukinumab-treated patients achieved higher PASDAS-defined remissions or LDA compared with placebo at week 16, which were sustained through 2 years. Remission/LDA was achieved by both TNFi-naive and TNFi-experienced patients treated with secukinumab, with higher rates in TNFi-naive patients. Secukinumab-treated patients achieving remission/LDA reported significantly greater improvements in PROs, including physical function and different dimensions of health-related quality of life and work, than patients in HDA., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT01752634 . Registered on December 19, 2012. EUDRACT, 2012-004439-22 . Registered on December 12, 2012.
Improved patient-reported outcomes in patients with psoriatic arthritis treated with abatacept: results from a phase 3 trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: To explore the effect of abatacept treatment on patient-reported outcomes (PROs) in psoriatic arthritis (PsA)., METHODS: Patients with PsA were randomised (1:1) to subcutaneous abatacept 125 mg weekly/placebo for 24 weeks with early escape (EE) to open-label abatacept (week 16). Adjusted mean changes from baseline to weeks 16 (all patients) and 24 (non-EE responders) in Health Assessment Questionnaire-Disability Index (HAQ-DI), Short Form-36 (SF-36; physical and mental component summary and domains), Dermatology Life Quality Index and Functional Assessment of Chronic Illness Therapy-Fatigue (FACIT-F) were evaluated. Subpopulations were analysed by baseline C-reactive protein (CRP) level (> vs <= upper limit of normal [ULN]) and prior tumour necrosis factor inhibitor (TNFi) exposure. Proportions of patients reporting improvements >= minimal clinically important differences (MCIDs) and >= normative values (NVs) in HAQ-DI, SF-36 and FACIT-F (week 16 before EE) were analysed., RESULTS: In total population, numerically higher improvements in most PROs were reported with abatacept (n = 213) versus placebo (n = 211) at both time points (P > 0.05). Higher proportions of abatacept versus placebo patients reported PRO improvements >= MCID and >= NV at week 16. At week 16, all PRO improvements were numerically greater (P > 0.05) in patients with baseline CRP > ULN versus CRP <= ULN (all significant [95% confidence interval] for abatacept vs placebo); improvements in SF-36 component summaries and FACIT-F were greater in TNFi-naive versus TNFi-exposed patients (abatacept > placebo). Week 24 subgroup data were difficult to interpret due to low patient numbers., CONCLUSIONS: Abatacept treatment improved PROs in patients with PsA versus placebo, with better results in elevated baseline CRP and TNFi-naive subpopulations., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT01860976 (funded by Bristol-Myers Squibb); date of registration: 23 May 2013.
Secukinumab for plaque psoriasis.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Biological treatments have appeared as the main alternative for the management of patients with plaque psoriasis that do not respond to conventional treatment. So, evaluating its actual efficacy and safety is needed., METHODS: We searched in Epistemonikos, the largest database of systematic reviews in health, which is maintained by screening multiple information sources, including MEDLINE, EMBASE, Cochrane, among others. We extracted data from the systematic reviews, reanalyzed data of primary studies, conducted a meta-analysis and generated a summary of findings table using the GRADE approach., RESULTS AND CONCLUSIONS: We identified 21 systematic reviews including ten studies overall, of which all were randomized trials. We concluded secukinumab achieves clinical improvement in patients with plaque psoriasis, although it is probably associated with serious adverse effects.
Guselkumab: A Review in Moderate to Severe Plaque Psoriasis.$$$ Guselkumab (Tremfya R) is a human immunoglobulin G1 lambda (IgG1lambda) monoclonal antibody (mAb) that blocks the interleukin-23 (IL-23)-mediated signalling pathway and is the first in its class to be approved in adults with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis in several countries, including the USA and EU. In the VOYAGE trials, guselkumab was superior to placebo and to adalimumab at week 16 in terms of the proportion of patients achieving an Investigator Global Assessment (IGA) score of 0/1 and >= 90% improvement from baseline in Psoriasis Area and Severity index score (PASI 90 response), with benefits of guselkumab over adalimumab maintained at week 24. To date, the beneficial effects of guselkumab treatment in these trials were maintained for up to 2 years. Inadequate responders to ustekinumab who were then randomized to guselkumab in NAVIGATE showed better responses than those randomized to ustekinumab between weeks 28-40, with a significantly greater mean number of visits at which patients had IGA 0/1 and >= 2-grade improvement in IGA score, as well as higher proportions of patients achieving PASI 90 and PASI 100 at week 52. Treatment with guselkumab improved health-related quality of life (HR-QOL) and patient-reported outcomes in all trials and was generally well tolerated. Guselkumab, administered by subcutaneous injection, is a useful new option for patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
Targeting Interleukin-23 in the Treatment of Noninfectious Uveitis.$$$ The interleukin (IL)-23/IL-17 axis plays a central role in the pathogenesis of immune-mediated diseases such as psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis, Crohn's disease, and uveitis. Therefore, targeting the IL-23/IL-17 axis has become the focus of multiple clinical trials for drug development in patients with autoimmune diseases. We briefly describe the biology of the IL-23/IL-17 axis and its relevance to the pathogenesis of experimental and clinical uveitis, and review the monoclonal antibody therapies targeting this pathway. Finally, 2 ongoing phase 2 trials of the anti-IL-23 biologic therapy ustekinumab (STELARA, Janssen Biotech Inc, Horsham, PA) in patients with noninfectious uveitis are introduced. Copyright © 2018 American Academy of Ophthalmology. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Ixekizumab Improved Patient-Reported Genital Psoriasis Symptoms and Impact of Symptoms on Sexual Activity vs Placebo in a Randomized, Double-Blind Study.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Genital psoriasis (GenPs) is common and distressing for patients, but is often not discussed with physicians, and no previous clinical trials have assessed the effects of biologics specifically on GenPs and its associated symptoms., AIM: To report results for novel patient-reported outcomes (PROs) for the assessment of symptoms and the sexual impact of GenPs before and after treatment in the IXORA-Q study., METHODS: IXORA-Q (NCT02718898) was a phase III, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study of ixekizumab (80 mg/2 weeks after 160-mg initial dose) vs placebo for GenPs. Men and women >=18 years old with moderate-to-severe GenPs and body surface area (BSA) >=1% were assessed through 12 weeks., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: GenPs symptoms were assessed using the 8-item Genital Psoriasis Symptoms Scale (GPSS), Genital Psoriasis Sexual Frequency Questionnaire (GenPs-SFQ), and Genital Psoriasis Sexual Impact Scale (GPSIS) (validation data presented in the supplemental materials), and the Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI) item 9., RESULTS: For patients receiving ixekizumab (N = 75) vs placebo (N = 74), statistically significant improvement in GenPs symptoms were seen from week 1 onward (GPSS total and individual items, all P < .005). Sexual activity avoidance owing to GenPs symptoms (GPSIS) decreased significantly with ixekizumab from week 4 onward (all P <.005), whereas impact of sexual activity on GenPs improved significantly with ixekizumab at weeks 2-8 (all P < 0.05). Ixekizumab resulted in significant improvement vs placebo by week 1 onward in limitations on frequency of sexual activity owing to GenPs (GenPs-SFQ item 2). Sexual difficulties caused by skin (DLQI item 9) decreased significantly with ixekizumab from week 2 onward (all P < .001)., CLINICAL IMPLICATIONS: Both GenPs symptoms and impact on sexual activity improved rapidly and significantly with ixekizumab vs placebo through 12 weeks in patients with moderate-to-severe GenPs and BSA >=1%., STRENGTH & LIMITATIONS: To our knowledge, this is the first phase III, randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blinded clinical trial to evaluate the effect of any treatment on the symptoms and sexual impact related to GenPs. The study did not include an active comparator owing to the lack of any well-established treatment for moderate-to-severe GenPs, and the period assessed herein was of relatively short duration., CONCLUSION: These validated PRO measures may aid in future clinical studies of GenPs and in facilitating discussions of GenPs symptoms and their impact between patients and clinicians. Yosipovitch G, Foley P, Ryan C. Ixekizumab improved patient-reported genital psoriasis symptoms and impact of symptoms on sexual activity vs placebo in a randomized, double-blind study. J Sex Med 2018;15:1645-1652. Copyright © 2018 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The Management of Acute Anterior Uveitis Complicating Spondyloarthritis: Present and Future.$$$ Spondyloarthropathies (SpA) encompass a group of chronic inflammatory diseases sharing common genetic and clinical features, including the association with HLA-B27 antigen, the involvement of both the axial and the peripheral skeleton, the presence of dactylitis, enthesitis, and typical extra-articular manifestations such as psoriasis, inflammatory bowel disease, and acute anterior uveitis (AAU). The latter is commonly reported as a noninfectious acute inflammation of the anterior uveal tract and its adjacent structures. AAU may affect more than 20% of SpA patients representing the most common extra-articular manifestation of the disease. Considering the potential consequences of untreated AAU, early diagnosis and aggressive treatment are crucial to avoid complications of remittent or chronic eye inflammation, such as visual loss and blindness. The management of SpA has dramatically improved over the last decades due to the development of new treat-to-target strategies and to the introduction of biologic disease modifying antirheumatic drugs (bDMARDs), particularly tumor necrosis factor alpha inhibitors (TNFis), currently used for the treatment of nonresponder patients to conventional synthetic agents. Along with the improvement of musculoskeletal features of SpA, bDMARDs provided an additional effect also in the management of AAU in those patients who are failures to topical and systemic conventional therapies. Nowadays, five TNFis, one interleukin-17, and one interleukin 12/23 blocker are licensed for the treatment of SpA, with different proven efficacy in preventing and treating ocular involvement. The aim of this review is to summarize the current options and to analyze the future perspectives for the management of SpA-associated AAU.
Disease-specific composite measures for psoriatic arthritis are highly responsive to a Janus kinase inhibitor treatment that targets multiple domains of disease.$$$ BACKGROUND: The multiple disease domains affected in psoriatic arthritis (PsA) may make composite endpoints appropriate for assessing changes in disease activity over time. Tofacitinib is an oral Janus kinase inhibitor for the treatment of PsA. Data from two phase 3 studies of patients with PsA were used to evaluate the effect of tofacitinib on composite endpoints., METHODS: Oral Psoriatic Arthritis triaL (OPAL) Broaden was a 12-month study of tumor necrosis factor inhibitor (TNFi)-naive patients with an inadequate response to at least one conventional synthetic disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drug; OPAL Beyond was a 6-month study of patients with inadequate response to TNFi. Patients with active PsA received tofacitinib 5 or 10 mg doses twice daily (BID), adalimumab 40 mg subcutaneous injection once every 2 weeks (OPAL Broaden only), or placebo advancing at month 3 to tofacitinib 5 or 10 mg BID. The disease-specific composites were Psoriatic Arthritis Disease Activity Score (PASDAS), Disease Activity Index for Reactive Arthritis/Psoriatic Arthritis (DAPSA), and Composite Psoriatic Disease Activity Index (CPDAI). Change from baseline in composite endpoints was also assessed for minimal disease activity (MDA) responders versus non-responders., RESULTS: Overall, 422 patients from OPAL Broaden and 394 patients from OPAL Beyond were treated. The mean changes from baseline to month 3 for tofacitinib 5 mg BID, tofacitinib 10 mg BID (standard error; effect size) were OPAL Broaden: PASDAS, -2.0 (0.14; 1.73), -2.4 (0.14; 2.4); DAPSA, -20.2 (1.72; 0.9), -24.4 (1.73; 1.23); and CPDAI, -2.9 (0.34; 1.03), -4.2 (0.36; 1.53); OPAL Beyond: PASDAS, -1.9 (0.14; 1.53), -2.1 (0.14; 1.84); DAPSA, -22.5 (1.67; 0.81), -21.0 (1.70; 0.84); and CPDAI, -3.3 (0.31; 1.41), -3.4 (0.31; 1.45). Greater changes from baseline to month 3 (P <=0.05) were seen with both doses of tofacitinib versus placebo for all endpoints except CPDAI for tofacitinib 5 mg BID in OPAL Broaden. Effect sizes generally increased from 3 to 6 months. Mean changes from baseline were greater in MDA responders than MDA non-responders for all composite endpoints across all time points and treatments., CONCLUSIONS: This analysis suggests that disease-specific composite measures are appropriate for evaluating treatment efficacy on multiple disease domains in PsA., TRIAL REGISTRATION: OPAL Broaden: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT01877668 , first posted June 12, 2013; OPAL Beyond: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT01882439 , first posted June 20, 2013.
Open-Label Study to Evaluate the Efficacy of Etanercept Treatment in Subjects With Moderate to Severe Plaque Psoriasis Who Have Failed Therapy With Apremilast.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Response to etanercept therapy in patients who have failed apremilast therapy has not been well characterized., METHODS: In this multicenter, open-label, single-arm, phase 4, estimation study, subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis received etanercept 50 mg SC twice weekly for 12 weeks, followed by etanercept 50 mg SC once weekly for an additional 12 weeks. Subjects had BSA greater than equal to 10%, PASI greater than equal to 10, and sPGA greater than equal to 3 at screening and baseline; and had failed apremilast-because of either failure to achieve or loss of adequate clinical response, or intolerability to apremilast in the opinion of the investigator. Primary endpoint was PASI 75 at week 12. Secondary endpoints included PASI 75 at week 24, PASI 90 at weeks 12 and 24, and patient-reported outcomes: Psoriasis Symptom Inventory (PSI) score (total and individual items) at baseline and weeks 12 and 24, and over time; DLQI responder analysis (5-point improvement in DLQI from baseline or score of 0) at weeks 12 and 24; and patient assessment of treatment satisfaction at baseline and weeks 12 and 24., RESULTS: Among 80 patients, PASI 75 at weeks 12 and 24 was 41.6% (95% CI, 30.4%-53.4%) and 45.5% (34.1%-57.1%), respectively; PASI 90 was 13.0% (6.4%-22.6%) and 22.1% (13.4%-33.0%), respectively. Mean total PSI score (LOCF) improved from 16.6 (95% CI, 15.1-18.0) at baseline to 8.8 (7.3-10.2) and 9.6 (7.9-11.4) at weeks 12 and 24, respectively; improvements in item PSI scores were similar. The percentage of DLQI responders was 66.2% (95% CI, 54.3%-76.8%) and 57.3% (45.4%-68.7%) at weeks 12 and 24, respectively. The percentage of subjects who were satisfied/very satisfied with their psoriasis treatment improved from 5.0% at baseline to 60.8% and 53.3% at weeks 12 and 24, respectively. During the 24-week study, 23.8% and 2.5% of subjects reported an adverse event and serious adverse event, respectively; there were no new safety signals in this study., DISCUSSION: In patients who have failed apremilast, etanercept may represent an effective therapeutic option., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT02749370 J Drugs Dermatol. 2018;17(10):1078-1082.
Efficacy and safety of filgotinib, a selective Janus kinase 1 inhibitor, in patients with active psoriatic arthritis (EQUATOR): results from a randomised, placebo-controlled, phase 2 trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: The Janus kinase 1 (JAK1) pathway has been implicated in the pathogenesis of psoriatic arthritis. We aimed to investigate the efficacy and safety of filgotinib, a selective JAK1 inhibitor, for the treatment of psoriatic arthritis., METHODS: The EQUATOR trial was a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase 2 trial that enrolled adults from 25 sites in seven countries (Belgium, Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Estonia, Poland, Spain, and Ukraine). Patients (aged >=18 years) had active moderate-to-severe psoriatic arthritis (defined as at least five swollen joints and at least five tender joints) fulfilling Classification for psoriatic arthritis (CASPAR) criteria, active or a documented history of plaque psoriasis, and an insufficient response or intolerance to at least one conventional synthetic disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drug (csDMARD). Patients continued to take csDMARDs during the study if they had received this treatment for at least 12 weeks before screening and were on a stable dose for at least 4 weeks before baseline. Using an interactive web-based system, we randomly allocated patients (1:1) to filgotinib 200 mg or placebo orally once daily for 16 weeks (stratified by current use of csDMARDs and previous use of anti-tumour necrosis factor). Patients, study team, and sponsor were masked to treatment assignment. The primary endpoint was proportion of patients achieving 20% improvement in American College of Rheumatology response criteria (ACR20) at week 16 in the full analysis set (patients who received at least one dose of study drug), which was compared between groups with the Cochran-Mantel-Haenszel test and non-responder imputation method. This trial is registered with ClincalTrials.gov, number NCT03101670., FINDINGS: Between March 9, and Sept 27, 2017, 191 patients were screened and 131 were randomly allocated to treatment (65 to filgotinib and 66 to placebo). 60 (92%) patients in the filgotinib group and 64 (97%) patients in the placebo group completed the study; five patients (8%) in the filgotinib group and two patients (3%) in the placebo group discontinued treatment. 52 (80%) of 65 patients in the filgotinib group and 22 (33%) of 66 in the placebo group achieved ACR20 at week 16 (treatment difference 47% [95% CI 30.2-59.6], p<0.0001). 37 (57%) patients who received filgotinib and 39 (59%) patients who received placebo had at least one treatment-emergent adverse event. Six participants had an event that was grade 3 or worse. The most common events were nasopharyngitis and headache, occurring at similar proportions in each group. One serious treatment-emergent adverse event was reported in each group (pneumonia and hip fracture after a fall), one of which (pneumonia) was fatal in the filgotinib group., INTERPRETATION: Filgotinib is efficacious for the treatment of active psoriatic arthritis, and no new safety signals were identified., FUNDING: Galapagos and Gilead Sciences. Copyright © 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
A review of ixekizumab in the treatment of psoriatic arthritis.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Psoriatic arthritis (PsA) is a heterogeneous inflammatory disorder with articular, peri-articular, and extra-articular features along with selected co-morbidities as a sequela to chronic inflammation. There is accumulating evidence that the Th-17 signaling pathway is of critical importance in PsA pathogenesis. Areas covered: Ixekizumab (IXE) is a humanized immunoglobulin G subclass 4 (IgG4) monoclonal antibody directed against IL-17A. Two phase III randomized clinical trials, SPIRIT-P1 and SPIRIT-P2, unequivocally demonstrated superiority of IXE (80 mg every two or 4 weeks) dosing over placebo in moderate-to-severe PsA patients that failed either NSAIDs, conventional disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drugs (csDMARDs), or tumor necrosis factor-alpha inhibitors (TNFi) for numerous articular and cutaneous parameters. IXE also delayed structural progression of PsA. No new safety signals were identified as compared with chronic plaque psoriasis studies which included many more patients. Expert opinion: IXE is a highly effective treatment for moderate to severe PsA patients, including those that have been previously exposed to csDMARD and TNFi. Most domains of PsA significantly improved with IXE treatment and disease modification was achieved.
Bimekizumab for the treatment of psoriatic disease.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis are common diseases with significant physical and emotional burden. Several biologics are FDA-approved to treat psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis, though some patients remain refractory to, or have lost response to, therapy and/or cannot tolerate the associated risks and side effects. Bimekizumab is a new biologic that inhibits both IL-17A and IL-17F. It is currently in phase III clinical trials. To date, phase II studies show promise in its ability to rapidly resolve symptoms while remaining safe and well-tolerated. Areas covered: This review serves to summarize the literature regarding the use of bimekizumab for psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis. Bimekizumab has undergone phase I and phase II clinical trials with results showing significant disease improvement or resolution, as well as safety and tolerability. Phase III studies are now actively enrolling. Expert opinion: Bimekizumab is a burgeoning biologic offering significant promise through its unique bispecific targeting of both IL-17A and IL-17F. Clinical trials have shown the potential of rapid symptom improvement after treatment with bimekizumab, with some patients seeing improvement after only two weeks. To date, bimekizumab has been shown to be safe and well-tolerated by patients, without any associated significant adverse events.
The IL-20 Cytokine Family in Rheumatoid Arthritis and Spondyloarthritis.$$$ This review describes the IL-20 family of cytokines in rheumatoid arthritis (RA) and spondyloartrhitits (SpA) including psoriatic arthritis. The IL-20 receptor (R) cytokines IL-19, IL-20, and IL-24 are produced in both the peripheral blood and the synovial joint and are induced by Toll-like receptor ligands and autoantibody-associated immune complexes in monocytes. IL-19 seems to have anti-inflammatory functions in arthritis. In contrast, IL-20 and IL-24 increase the production of proinflammatory molecules such as monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 and are associated with bone degradation and radiographic progression. IL-22 is also associated with progression of bone erosions. This suggests that the IL-22RA1 subunit shared by IL-20, IL-22, and IL-24 is important for bone homeostasis. In line with this, the IL-22RA1 has been found on preosteoclasts in early RA. IL-26 is produced in high amounts by myofibroblasts and IL-26 stimulation of monocytes is an important inducer of Th17 cells in RA. This indicates a role for IL-26 as an important factor in the interactions between resident synovial cells and infiltrating leukocytes. Clinical trials that investigate inhibitors of IL-20 (fletikumab) and IL-22 (fezakinumab) in psoriasis and RA have been terminated. Instead, it seems that the strategy for modulating the IL-20 cytokine family should take the overlap in cellular sources and effector mechanisms into account. The redundancy encourages inhibition of more than one cytokine or one of the shared receptors. All IL-20 family members utilize the Janus kinase signaling pathway and are therefore potentially inhibited by drugs targeting these enzymes. Effects and adverse effects in ongoing clinical trials with inhibitors of IL-22 and the IL-22RA1 subunit and recombinant IL-22 fusion proteins will possibly provide important information about the IL-20 subfamily of cytokines in the future.
Importance of assessing and adjusting for cross-study heterogeneity in network meta-analysis: a case study of psoriasis.$$$ AIM: The importance of adjusting for cross-study heterogeneity when conducting network meta-analyses (NMAs) was demonstrated using a case study of biologic therapies for moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis., METHODS: Bayesian NMAs were conducted for Psoriasis Area and Severity Index 90 response. Several covariates were considered to account for cross-trial differences: baseline risk (i.e., placebo response), prior biologic use, body weight, psoriasis duration, age, race and baseline Psoriasis Area and Severity Index score. Model fit was evaluated., RESULTS: The baseline risk-adjusted NMA, which adjusts for multiple observed and unobserved effect modifiers, was associated with the best model fit. Lack of adjustment for cross-trial differences led to different clinical interpretations of findings., CONCLUSION: Failure to adjust for cross-trial differences in NMA can have important implications for clinical interpretations when studying the comparative efficacy of healthcare interventions.
Efficacy and safety of ustekinumab, an IL-12 and IL-23 inhibitor, in patients with active systemic lupus erythematosus: results of a multicentre, double-blind, phase 2, randomised, controlled study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Ustekinumab is a monoclonal antibody targeting interleukin (IL)-12 and IL-23 and is approved for the treatment of plaque psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis, and Crohn's disease. IL-12 and IL-23 have been implicated in systemic lupus erythematosus. We aimed to assess the efficacy and safety of ustekinumab for the treatment of systemic lupus erythematosus in patients with moderate-to-severe disease activity despite conventional treatment., METHODS: This was a multicentre, double-blind, phase 2, randomised, controlled trial of adult patients with active, seropositive systemic lupus erythematosus, done at 44 private practices and academic centres in Argentina, Australia, Germany, Hungary, Mexico, Poland, Spain, Taiwan, and the USA. Eligible adults were aged 18-75 years, weighed at least 35 kg, and had a diagnosis of systemic lupus erythematosus at least 3 months before the first administration of study drug. Eligible patients were randomly assigned (3:2) to the ustekinumab or placebo group using an interactive web response system with stratification by skin biopsy, lupus nephritis presence, baseline systemic lupus erythematosus medications and systemic lupus erythematosus disease activity index 2000 (SLEDAI-2K) score combined factor, site, region, and race. Patients and investigators were masked to treatment allocation. Patients received an intravenous infusion of ustekinumab (260 mg for patients weighing 35-55 kg, 390 mg for patients weighing >55 kg and <=85 kg, and 520 mg for patients weighing >85 kg) followed by subcutaneous injections of ustekinumab 90 mg every 8 weeks or intravenous infusion of placebo at week 0 followed by subcutaneous injections of placebo every 8 weeks, both in addition to standard-of-care therapy. The primary endpoint was the proportion of patients achieving a SLEDAI-2K responder index-4 (SRI-4) response at week 24. Efficacy analyses were done in a modified intention-to-treat population of patients who received at least one dose (partial or complete, intravenous or subcutaneous) of their randomly assigned study treatment. Safety analyses were done in all patients who received at least one dose of study treatment, regardless of group assignment. This study is registered at ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT02349061., FINDINGS: Between Oct 6, 2015, and Nov 30, 2016, 166 patients were screened, of whom 102 were randomly assigned to receive ustekinumab (n=60) or placebo (n=42). At week 24, 37 (62%) of 60 patients in the ustekinumab group and 14 (33%) of 42 patients in the placebo group achieved an SRI-4 response (percentage difference 28% [95% CI 10-47], p=0.006). Between week 0 and week 24, 47 (78%) of 60 patients in the ustekinumab group and 28 (67%) of 42 patients in the placebo group had at least one adverse event. Infections were the most common type of adverse event (27 [45%] in the ustekinumab group vs 21 [50%] in the placebo group). No deaths or treatment-emergent opportunistic infections, herpes zoster, tuberculosis, or malignancies occurred between weeks 0-24., INTERPRETATION: The addition of ustekinumab to standard-of-care treatment resulted in better efficacy in clinical and laboratory parameters than placebo in the treatment of active systemic lupus erythematosus and had a safety profile consistent with ustekinumab therapy in other diseases. The results of this study support further development of ustekinumab as a novel treatment in systemic lupus erythematosus., FUNDING: Janssen Research & Development, LLC. Copyright © 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Secukinumab for psoriatic arthritis: comparative effectiveness versus licensed biologics/apremilast: a network meta-analysis.$$$ AIM: A network meta-analysis using randomized controlled trial data compared psoriatic arthritis (PsA) outcomes (American College of Rheumatology [ACR], Psoriasis Area Severity Index [PASI] and Psoriatic Arthritis Response Criteria [PsARC] response rates) at 12-16 weeks for secukinumab, adalimumab, apremilast, certolizumab, etanercept, golimumab, infliximab and ustekinumab., PATIENTS & METHODS: Trials were identified by systematic review. Separate networks were developed for the full-study populations, biologic-naive patients and biologic-experienced patients., RESULTS: In the full populations, secukinumab, adalimumab, golimumab and infliximab demonstrated the highest ACR response rates. Secukinumab and infliximab demonstrated the highest PASI response rates, and infliximab and etanercept demonstrated the highest PsARC response rates., CONCLUSION: In the full populations, secukinumab demonstrated good efficacy across all outcomes. All treatments for active PsA included in this comprehensive network meta-analysis demonstrated superiority to placebo.
Ustekinumab for the treatment of psoriasis: an evidence update.$$$ Ustekinumab is an interleukin-12/23 inhibitor used for the treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis. Here, we review new evidence since ustekinumab was licensed for relative efficacy in comparison with other biologic therapies from head-to-head randomized controlled trials and network meta-analyses for the treatment of psoriasis. We also review observational data emerging from psoriasis registries reporting the effectiveness and safety of ustekinumab. Overall, new evidence suggests that ustekinumab has a favorable balance between efficacy/effectiveness, safety, and tolerability and should remain a first-line biologic therapy option for patients with severe psoriasis at present. Copyright ©2018 Frontline Medical Communications.
[Value of combining biologics with methotrexate for treatment of psoriatic arthritis-questions remain].$$$ BACKGROUND: Concomitant methotrexate (MTX) improves the therapeutic effect of biologic therapies in rheumatoid arthritis treatment. However, the influence of MTX on biologic therapy in psoriasis arthritis (PsA) has not yet been fully clarified, as data from randomized clinical studies are lacking. So far, it is only known, that PsA patients with inadequate response to MTX or non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs alone respond equally well to a subsequent biologic therapy., OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study is to investigate whether MTX-naive patients achieve greater disease improvement with the combination of MTX and a biologic than with biologic monotherapy alone, and whether patients on MTX in whom a biologic therapy is additionally started would worsen if MTX is discontinued., METHODS: The current data situation and its limitations are presented. Furthermore, an investigator-initiated multicenter randomized clinical study in patients with active PsA is introduced (MUST study), which investigates the influence of placebo-controlled MTX combination therapy with the interleukin 12/23 inhibitor ustekinumab (UST) in order to close the existing evidence gap., RESULTS: The primary objective of the study is to demonstrate the non-inferiority of UST monotherapy compared to MTX/UST combination therapy as measured by mean DAS28 values at week 24. Of 196 planned patients, 77 have been included so far. Recruitment is still open., CONCLUSION: The MUST study offers the ideal opportunity to investigate the influence of concomitant MTX in a controlled study design and to assess whether the addition of MTX to UST therapy or its continuation is beneficial for PsA patients.
[Effect of methotrexate on regulation for the number of regulatory T cells and expression of Foxp3 in psoriasis].$$$ OBJECTIVE: To explore the role of methotrexate (MTX) in regulating the number of regulatory T cells (Treg) and the mRNA expression of transcription factor Foxp3. Methods: 1) We analyzed the number of Treg and the mRNA expression of Foxp3 by flow cytometry (FCM) and quantitative real-time PCR (qRT-PCR) respectively in patients with psoriasis vulgaris, patients with psoriasis vulgaris after the 8-week treatment of MTX, and healthy people. 2) BALB/c female mice were smeared with imiquimod (IMQ) cream for 6 days. We recorded the change of the lesion in mice every day. The morphological changes of lesion in mice were evaluated by the psoriasis area and severity index (PASI) and HE staining. 3) The mouse model was randomly divided into a control group and an MTX group. The MTX group was treated with different doses of MTX (38.5 and 77.0 nmol/L) on the third day of this experiment. The morphological changes of lesion in mice were evaluated by PASI and HE staining. We tested the number of Treg and the expression level of Foxp3 mRNA in splenic lymphocytes. Results: 1) The number of Treg and the expression level of Foxp3 mRNA were lower in psoriasis vulgaris patients than those in the healthy control group (P<0.05). After 8-week treatment of MTX, the number of Treg was increased (P<0.05) and Foxp3 mRNA level was up-regulated (P<0.01). 2) Typical psoriasis-like skin lesions, such as red scaly skin plaque were found after topical application of IMQ. Both the number of Treg in the splenic lymphocytes of mice and the Foxp3 mRNA level of Treg were reduced by IMQ (P<0.01 and P<0.05). 3) Different doses of MTX for mice showed the ability to improve skin lesion, increase the number of Treg in the spleen of mice and Foxp3 mRNA level in psoriatic dermatitis of mice (P<0.05).  Conclusion: MTX is able to regulate the number of Treg and Foxp3 mRNA expression in psoriasis.
Efficacy of certolizumab pegol with and without concomitant use of disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drugs over 4 years in psoriatic arthritis patients: results from the RAPID-PsA randomized controlled trial.$$$ To report long-term efficacy of certolizumab pegol (CZP) treatment with and without concomitant DMARDs in patients with psoriatic arthritis (PsA). RAPID-PsA (NCT01087788) was double-blind and placebo-controlled to week 24, dose-blind to week 48, and open-label to week 216. Patients had active PsA with >= 1 failed DMARD. At baseline, patients were randomized 1:1:1 to CZP 200 mg every 2 weeks: CZP 400 mg every 4 weeks: placebo. CZP-randomized patients continued their dose into open-label. Observed case efficacy data are reported to week 216 for week 0 CZP-randomized patients (dose combined) with and without baseline DMARD use (DMARD+/DMARD-). Dactylitis (tenderness and >= 10% difference in swelling between affected and opposite digits) and enthesitis were measured using Leeds Dactylitis Index (LDI) and Leeds Enthesitis Index (LEI). 273/409 randomized patients received CZP from baseline: 199/273 (72.9%) DMARD+ and 74/273 (27.1%) DMARD- patients. 141/199 (70.9%) DMARD+ and 42/74 (56.8%) DMARD- patients completed Week 216. DMARD+ (79.7%) and 83.3% of DMARD- patients achieved ACR20 response at week 216; 79.2 and 78.1% achieved 75% improvement from baseline in Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI75). High proportions of DMARD+/DMARD- patients with extra-articular manifestations at baseline reported total resolution at week 216; dactylitis 91.4% of DMARD+ and 93.3% of DMARD- patients, enthesitis 74.4% of DMARD+ and 87.5% of DMARD- patients. Long-term improvements in PsA symptoms were observed with CZP monotherapy or concomitant DMARDs, across important psoriatic disease domains, including joint disease, psoriasis, nail disease, dactylitis, and enthesitis.Trial registration: NCT01087788.
Long-term etanercept survival in patients with psoriatic arthritis: a multicenter retrospective analysis in daily clinical practice in Spain.$$$ Although several randomized clinical trials and observational studies have evaluated the effectiveness, safety and drug survival of etanercept (ETN) in the treatment of psoriatic arthritis (PsA), long-term data regarding these aspects are currently scarce. For this reason, we sought to investigate the long-term survival and safety of ETN in PsA patients in 4 tertiary care Spanish hospitals over a 13-year observation period (from 2004 to 2017). The records of 85 PsA patients were reviewed. ETN showed an excellent survival profile, with rates of treatment discontinuation at 1, 3, 5 and 10 years of 15, 37, 46 and 59%, respectively. In our cohort, a trend toward longer drug survival in patients with shorter disease duration and those who were treated with ETN as their first biologic agent was observed. On the other hand, combination therapy with conventional disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs did not provide greater improvement on the long-term drug survival. Only 12% of the patients reported adverse events (AEs) during therapy, being most of them of mild to moderate intensity, and in only 7% AEs led to drug discontinuation. To the best of our knowledge, the present study shows the largest follow-up period of ETN-treated population analyzed in a real-life setting, and these results demonstrate the positive safety profile and long-term effectiveness of this biologic agent in the management of PsA patients.
What do Cochrane systematic reviews say about interventions for treating psoriasis?.$$$ CONTEXT AND OBJECTIVE: Psoriasis is a common chronic inflammatory skin disease characterized by abnormal and increased growth of the cells that produce keratin and abnormal functioning of the immune system. We aimed to summarize the evidence available regarding interventions for patients with psoriasis., DESIGN AND SETTING: Review of systematic reviews, developed in the Discipline of Evidence-Based Medicine, Escola Paulista de Medicina, Universidade Federal de Sao Paulo., METHODS: A systematic search was conducted to identify Cochrane systematic reviews that fulfilled the eligibility criteria. Two authors screened titles and abstracts that had been retrieved through the search strategy. The results from all the Cochrane systematic reviews that were included were summarized and presented in a narrative synthesis., RESULTS: We included six Cochrane systematic reviews assessing interventions for treating psoriasis. The findings from high-quality evidence were that (a) etanercept reduced the psoriasis severity index, compared with placebo and (b) steroids plus vitamin D, compared with vitamin D alone, improved the skin clearance rate, as assessed by investigators, but was associated with a higher proportion of participants who dropped out due to adverse events. For all other comparisons, the quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to very low., CONCLUSION: This review included six Cochrane systematic reviews that provided evidence ranging in quality from unknown to high, regarding management of psoriasis. Further randomized controlled trials are imperative to reduce the uncertainties relating to several treatments that are already used in clinical practice.
What Lies Beneath the Face Value of a BOX WARNING: A Deeper Look at Brodalumab.$$$ Brodalumab, a fully human antibody of the interleukin-17 receptor, is highly effective in the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. However, based on safety signals identified in clinical trials, brodalumab carries a boxed warning regarding possible risks of suicidal ideation and behavior (SIB). The validity of this link remains controversial, especially in the context of the psoriasis population as well as clinical trial data from other recently approved treatments. Herein, we critically examine the association between brodalumab and SIB. J Drugs Dermatol. 2018;17(8 Suppl):s29-34.
Long-Term Efficacy of Guselkumab for the Treatment of Moderate-to-Severe Psoriasis: Results from the Phase 3 VOYAGE 1 Trial Through Two Years.$$$ BACKGROUND: Due to the chronic nature of psoriasis, it is important to assess the sustained response of treatments over time., OBJECTIVE: To assess the efficacy of continuous treatment with guselkumab (an interleukin-23 blocker) through two years in the phase 3 VOYAGE 1 trial., METHODS: Patients were randomized to placebo, guselkumab, or adalimumab at baseline. Placebo-randomized patients crossed over to guselkumab at week 16 (placebo->guselkumab) and adalimumab-randomized patients crossed over to guselkumab at week 52 (adalimumab->guselkumab); all patients received open-label guselkumab beyond week 52. Efficacy was assessed based on the Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI; proportion of patients achieving >=75%, 90%, or 100% improvement [PASI 75/90/100]) and the Investigator's Global Assessment (IGA; proportion achieving nearly clear [IGA 0/1] or completely clear [IGA 0]). As pre-specified, efficacy data were analyzed using non-responder imputation (NRI; patients with missing data counted as non-responders) after applying treatment failure rules (TFR; patients meeting TFR counted as non-responders thereafter) through week 48 and by applying TFR only from week 52 through 100. All endpoints were also analyzed using NRI and As Observed methodology for the guselkumab group through week 100., RESULTS: The clinical responses were maintained through week 100 based on all three analyses. Based on pre-specified analyses, proportions of patients who achieved PASI 75, PASI 90, PASI 100, IGA 0/1, and IGA 0 were 94.8%, 82.1%, 49.0%, 82.4%, and 53.8%, respectively, at week 100. Results were similar for the placebo->guselkumab and adalimumab->guselkumab groups at week 100. As expected, proportions of patients achieving these endpoints were similar based on As Observed analyses and slightly lower when the more conservative NRI rules were applied., CONCLUSIONS: High levels of efficacy were maintained through two years of continuous treatment among guselkumab-treated patients, and efficacy improved through two years among adalimumab-treated patients who crossed over to guselkumab at one year. J Drugs Dermatol. 2018;17(8):826-832.
Efficacy and safety of risankizumab in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis (UltIMMa-1 and UltIMMa-2): results from two double-blind, randomised, placebo-controlled and ustekinumab-controlled phase 3 trials.$$$ BACKGROUND: Risankizumab is a humanised IgG1 monoclonal antibody that binds to the p19 subunit of interleukin-23, inhibiting this key cytokine and its role in psoriatic inflammation. We aimed to assess the efficacy and safety of risankizumab compared with placebo or ustekinumab in patients with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis., METHODS: UltIMMa-1 and UltIMMa-2 were replicate phase 3, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled and active comparator-controlled trials done at 139 sites in Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Japan, Mexico, Poland, Portugal, South Korea, Spain, and the USA. Eligible patients were 18 years or older, with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis. In each study, patients were stratified by weight and previous exposure to tumour necrosis factor inhibitor and randomly assigned (3:1:1) by use of interactive response technology to receive 150 mg risankizumab, 45 mg or 90 mg ustekinumab (weight-based per label), or placebo. Following the 16-week double-blind treatment period (part A), patients initially assigned to placebo switched to 150 mg risankizumab at week 16; other patients continued their originally randomised treatment (part B, double-blind, weeks 16-52). Study drug was administered subcutaneously at weeks 0 and 4 during part A and at weeks 16, 28, and 40 during part B. Co-primary endpoints were proportions of patients achieving a 90% improvement in the Psoriasis Area Severity Index (PASI 90) and a static Physician's Global Assessment (sPGA) score of 0 or 1 at week 16 (non-responder imputation). All efficacy analyses were done in the intention-to-treat population. These trials are registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, numbers NCT02684370 (UltIMMa-1) and NCT02684357 (UltIMMa-2), and have been completed., FINDINGS: Between Feb 24, 2016, and Aug 31, 2016, 506 patients in UltIMMa-1 were randomly assigned to receive 150 mg risankizumab (n=304), 45 mg or 90 mg ustekinumab (n=100), or placebo (n=102). Between March 1, 2016, and Aug 30, 2016, 491 patients in UltIMMa-2 were randomly assigned to receive 150 mg risankizumab (n=294), 45 mg or 90 mg ustekinumab (n=99), or placebo (n=98). Co-primary endpoints were met for both studies. At week 16 of UltIMMa-1, PASI 90 was achieved by 229 (75.3%) patients receiving risankizumab versus five (4.9%) receiving placebo (placebo-adjusted difference 70.3% [95% CI 64.0-76.7]) and 42 (42.0%) receiving ustekinumab (ustekinumab-adjusted difference 33.5% [22.7-44.3]; p<0.0001 vs placebo and ustekinumab). At week 16 of UltIMMa-2, PASI 90 was achieved by 220 (74.8%) patients receiving risankizumab versus two (2.0%) receiving placebo (placebo-adjusted difference 72.5% [95% CI 66.8-78.2]) and 47 (47.5%) receiving ustekinumab (ustekinumab-adjusted difference 27.6% [16.7-38.5]; p<0.0001 vs placebo and ustekinumab). In UltIMMa-1, sPGA 0 or 1 at week 16 was achieved by 267 (87.8%) patients receiving risankizumab versus eight (7.8%) receiving placebo (placebo-adjusted difference 79.9% [95% CI 73.5-86.3]) and 63 (63.0%) receiving ustekinumab (ustekinumab-adjusted difference 25.1% [15.2-35.0]; p<0.0001 vs placebo and ustekinumab). In UltIMMa-2, 246 (83.7%) patients receiving risankizumab versus five (5.1%) receiving placebo (placebo-adjusted difference 78.5% [95% CI 72.4-84.5]) and 61 (61.6%) receiving ustekinumab achieved sPGA 0 or 1 at week 16 (ustekinumab-adjusted difference 22.3% [12.0-32.5]; p<0.0001 vs placebo and ustekinumab). The frequency of treatment-emergent adverse events in UltIMMa-1 and UltIMMa-2 was similar across risankizumab (part A: 151 [49.7%] of 304 and 134 [45.6%] of 294; part B: 182 [61.3%] of 297 and 162 [55.7%] of 291), placebo (part A: 52 [51.0%] of 102 and 45 [45.9%] of 98), ustekinumab (part A: 50 [50.0%] of 100 and 53 [53.5%] of 99; part B: 66 [66.7%] of 99 and 70 [74.5%] of 94), and placebo to risankizumab (part B: 65 [67.0%] of 97 and 61 [64.9%] of 94) treatment groups throughout the study duration., INTERPRETATION: Risankizumab showed superior efficacy to both placebo and ustekinumab in the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. Treatment-emergent adverse event profiles were similar across treatment groups and there were no unexpected safety findings., FUNDING: AbbVie and Boehringer Ingelheim. Copyright © 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The GO-DACT protocol: a multicentre, randomized, double-blind, parallel-group study to compare the efficacy of golimumab in combination with methotrexate (MTX) versus MTX monotherapy.$$$ The GO-DACT is an investigator-initiated, national, multicentric randomized placebo-controlled double-blinded trial, that assesses dactylitis as primary endpoint. Psoriatic arthritis patients naive to methotrexate and biologic disease modifying anti-rheumatic drugs, with at least one active dactylitis, were assigned to golimumab in combination with methotrexate or placebo in combination with methotrexate, for 24 weeks. Both clinical (dactylitis severity score and the Leeds dactylitis index) and imaging (high resolution magnetic resonance imaging), among others, were assessed as outcomes. The main objective of GO-DACT is to provide evidence to improve the treatment algorithm and care of psoriatic arthritis patients with active dactylitis. In this manuscript we describe the GO-DACT protocol and general concepts of the methodology of this trial.
Tildrakizumab: monoclonal antibody against IL-23p19 for moderate to severe psoriasis.$$$ Tildrakizumab is a monoclonal antibody that binds to the p19 subunit of interleukin (IL)-23. Studies examining affected skin in psoriatic patients showed significant changes in the cellular, cytokine and gene expression profiles of psoriatic lesions as a result of treatment with tildrakizumab, as well as significant changes in clinical measures of disease activity. These studies demonstrated significant clinical responses in psoriasis with significant improvements found in the percentage of patients achieving a Physician Global Assessment score of 0 or 1, and a 75%, 90% or 100% improvement in the Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI 75, PASI 90, PASI 100). These changes were accompanied by a low frequency of adverse effects. This combination of efficacy and safety led to the approval of tildrakizumab in 2018 by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for use in adult patients with moderate to severe psoriasis. Copyright 2018 Clarivate Analytics.
Tildrakizumab for the treatment of psoriasis.$$$ Psoriasis is a chronic skin disorder driven by IL-23 and the downstream T-helper cell 17 (Th17) pathway. Tildrakizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody selectively targeting the p19 subunit of IL-23, a key cytokine for Th17 cells. Here, we provide an overview of IL-23 in the context of psoriasis pathogenesis and review the results of the Phase I, II and III clinical trials for tildrakizumab in patients with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis in order to assess its efficacy, safety and clinical usefulness. In all clinical trials, tildrakizumab demonstrated significant clinical improvement and a favorable safety profile. In Phase III trials, 75% of tildrakizumab-treated patients reached a Psoriasis Area and Severity Index 75 at week 28 demonstrating superior efficacy as compared with etanercept treatment. The tildrakizumab-induced reduction in skin inflammation proves the important pathogenic role of IL-23 in psoriasis and further supports the utility of drugs targeting the IL-23/Th17 pathway. Targeting IL-23p19 with tildrakizumab augments the therapeutic repertoire for patients with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
Effects of aloe polysaccharide, a polysaccharide extracted from Aloe vera, on TNF-alpha-induced HaCaT cell proliferation and the underlying mechanism in psoriasis.$$$ Aloe vera is a traditional wound-healing medicine used for the treatment of skin disorders. Aloe polysaccharide (APS) is the main macromolecule of Aloe vera, which contributes to its function. Psoriasis is an immune-mediated chronic inflammatory disease, which affects 2-3% of the general population. The conventional remedies used to treat psoriasis demonstrate limited effects; therefore, natural products, including Aloe vera, are being taken into consideration. However, the effects of APS on the treatment of psoriasis and the underlying mechanisms remain to be elucidated. The human keratinocyte cell line HaCaT was used to determine the effects of APS on psoriasis. Cells were randomly divided into five groups: i) Negative control group; ii) tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha stimulated psoriasis model group; and iii) APS (20, 40 and 80 microg/ml) pretreated psoriasis groups. Cell viability and proliferation were investigated using the CCK-8 assay. ELISA and western blotting were applied to study the abundance of interleukin (IL)-8 and IL-12 in TNF-alpha-incubated culture medium and APS-treated HaCaT cells, respectively. In addition, the mRNA expression levels of p65, and the protein expression levels of nuclear factor (NF)-kappaB inhibitor-alpha (IkappaBalpha) and phosphorylated-p65, were detected by reverse transcription-quantitative polymerase chain reaction and western blotting, respectively. APS was revealed to significantly reduce TNF-alpha-stimulated elevation of HaCaT cell proliferation in a dose-dependent manner. The expression levels of inflammatory factors, including IL-8 and IL-12, were increased in response to TNF-alpha. In addition, the mRNA and protein expression levels of p65 were increased following treatment with TNF-alpha. Notably, treatment with APS was demonstrated to significantly attenuate the aforementioned effects in a dose-dependent manner. Furthermore, IkappaBalpha protein expression levels were significantly reduced following treatment with TNF-alpha, which was significantly reversed following treatment with APS. In conclusion, these results suggested that APS inhibited TNF-alpha-induced proliferation of keratinocytes and overactivation of the NF-kappaB signaling pathway.
Safety of Adalimumab in Pediatric Patients with Polyarticular Juvenile Idiopathic Arthritis, Enthesitis-Related Arthritis, Psoriasis, and Crohn's Disease.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the safety of adalimumab in pediatric patients who participated in clinical trials of juvenile idiopathic arthritis (polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis and pediatric enthesitis-related arthritis), psoriasis, and Crohn's disease., STUDY DESIGN: This analysis included data from 7 global, randomized, and open-label AbbVie-sponsored clinical trials of adalimumab and their open-label extensions conducted between September 2002 and December 31, 2015 (cutoff date for ongoing studies). Patients who received >=1 dose of adalimumab subcutaneously were included. Adverse events that occurred after the first dose of adalimumab and up to 70 days (5 half-lives) after the last dose were reported and events per 100 patient-years were calculated., RESULTS: The analysis included 577 pediatric patients, representing 1440.7 patient-years of adalimumab exposure. Across indications, the most commonly reported adverse events (events/100 patient-years) were upper respiratory tract infections (24.3), nasopharyngitis (17.3), and headache (19.9). Serious infections (4.0 events/100 patient-years) were the most frequent serious adverse events across indications; the most commonly reported was pneumonia (0.6 events/100 patient-years). Serious infection rates were 2.7, 0.8, and 6.6 events/100 patient-years in patients with juvenile idiopathic arthritis, psoriasis, and Crohn's disease, respectively. No events of malignancies were reported. One death (accidental fall) occurred in a patient with psoriasis., CONCLUSIONS: The safety profile of adalimumab in pediatric patients with polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis, enthesitis-related arthritis, psoriasis, and Crohn's disease was generally similar across indications; no new safety signals were identified in the treatment of pediatric patients with adalimumab., TRIAL REGISTRATION: Clinicaltrials.gov: NCT00048542, NCT00775437, NCT00690573, NCT01166282, NCT01251614, NCT00409682, and NCT00686374. Copyright © 2018 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Safety and efficacy of ixekizumab in patients with PsA and previous inadequate response to TNF inhibitors: week 52 results from SPIRIT-P2.$$$ Objectives: To assess the long-term safety and efficacy of ixekizumab, an IL-17A antagonist, in patients with active PsA., Methods: In SPIRIT-P2 (NCT02349295), patients (n = 363) with previous inadequate response to TNF inhibitors entered the double-blind period (weeks 0-24) and received placebo or ixekizumab 80 mg every 4 weeks (IXEQ4W) or every 2 weeks (IXEQ2W) following a 160-mg starting dose at week 0. During the extension period (weeks 24-156), patients maintained their original ixekizumab dose, and placebo patients received IXEQ4W or IXEQ2W (1:1). We present the accumulated safety findings (week 24 up to 156) at the time of this analysis for patients who entered the extension period (n = 310). Exposure-adjusted incidence rates (IRs) per 100 patient years are presented. ACR responses are presented on an intent-to-treat basis using non-responder imputation up to week 52., Results: From week 24 up to 156 (with 228 patient years of ixekizumab exposure), 140 [61.3 IR] and 15 (6.6 IR) patients reported infections and serious adverse events, respectively. Serious adverse events included one death and four serious infections. In all patients initially treated with IXEQ4W and IXEQ2W at week 0 (non-responder imputation), ACR20 (61 and 51%), ACR50 (42 and 33%) and ACR70 (26 and 18%) responses persisted out to week 52. Placebo patients re-randomized to ixekizumab demonstrated efficacy as measured by ACR responses at week 52., Conclusion: During the extension period, the overall safety profile of ixekizumab remained consistent with that observed with the double-blind period, and clinical improvements persisted up to 1 year.
Points to consider for analyzing efficacy outcomes in long-term extension clinical trials.$$$ This article focuses on 2 objectives in the analysis of efficacy in long-term extension studies of chronic diseases: (1) defining and discussing estimands of interest in such studies and (2) evaluating the performance of several multiple imputation methods that may be useful in estimating some of these estimands. Specifically, 4 estimands are defined and their clinical utility and inferential ramifications discussed. The performance of several multiple imputation methods and approaches were evaluated using simulated data. Results suggested that when interest is in a binary outcome derived from an underlying continuous measurement, it is preferable to impute the underlying continuous value that is subsequently dichotomized rather than to directly impute the binary outcome. Results also demonstrated that multivariate Gaussian models with Markov chain Monte Carlo imputation and sequential regression have minimal bias and the anticipated confidence interval coverage, even in settings with ordinal data where departures from normality are a concern. These approaches are further illustrated using a long-term extension study in psoriasis. Copyright © 2018 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Ustekinumab in psoriatic arthritis: need for studies from real-world evidence.$$$ Ustekinumab (UST) is a recently approved drug for the treatment of psoriatic arthritis (PsA). The ACR response rates in randomized clinical trials (RCTs) with this drug have been slightly lower than that reported in RCTs of anti-TNF and anti-IL17 therapies. Therefore, the position that this drug may occupy in the treatment algorithms of PsA is not clear. More information is needed on the true efficacy of this agent under real clinical practice conditions. In this review of real-world evidence studies, it is shown that UST is effective and safe to treat PsA; nevertheless, it is necessary to homogenize the way in which the main outcomes and treatment objectives of these studies are presented.
An overview of the efficacy and safety of systemic treatments for psoriasis in the elderly.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Psoriasis in elderly patients is considered to be of emerging clinical relevance because of the increase in the aged segment of the population. Psoriasis in such a group raises significant management challenges. There is an age-related immunosuppression, a high frequency of comorbidities, and polypharmacy, which enhances the potential risk of drug interactions or side effects when an additional systemic treatment must be administered. Despite the aging of the general population, clinical studies focusing on treatment of geriatric psoriasis are limited. Patients > 65 years are often not included in randomized clinical trials. As a result, the geriatric population affected by moderate-to-severe psoriasis is usually under-treated., AREAS COVERED: This review focuses on the use of systemic treatments in elderly psoriatic patients and their efficacy and safety data, analyzing the available literature evidences., EXPERT OPINION: Conventional agents should be carefully evaluated in each patient considering the possible organ impairment, comorbidities, concomitant medications and contraindications. Apremilast is an appropriate treatment for elderly patients. Biologics represent a safe option for a long-term management of psoriasis. Etanercept, adalimumab, ustekinumab, secukinumab, ixekizumab, and brodalumab have not been associated to a higher risk of adverse events in the elderly.
Dual inhibition of tumour necrosis factor and interleukin-17A with ABT-122: open-label long-term extension studies in rheumatoid arthritis or psoriatic arthritis.$$$ Objectives: To evaluate the safety and maintenance of efficacy with ABT-122, a bi-specific monoclonal antibody targeting TNF and IL-17A, in patients with RA or PsA in open-label, 24-week extensions [open-label extensions (OLEs)] of 12-week, randomized, double-blind studies., Methods: All patients received ABT-122 (RA, 120 mg; PsA, 240 mg) subcutaneously every other week on background MTX. Safety assessments included adverse events (AEs) and laboratory parameters. Efficacy was evaluated with ACR responses, 28-joint DAS using high-sensitivity CRP [DAS28 (hsCRP)], and Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PsA study)., Results: The RA OLE study enrolled 158 patients; the PsA OLE study enrolled 168 patients. In the RA OLE study, the incidence of treatment emergent AEs (TEAEs; 41%) appeared similar to the double-blind study (36-43%). In the PsA OLE study, 57% of patients reported 1 TEAE (double-blind study, 42-53%). Most TEAEs were mild or moderate in severity. There were no neutrophil abnormalities greater than grade 2. Grade 3 and/or 4 laboratory abnormalities were reported for lymphocytes, alanine aminotransferase, aspartate aminotransferase, bilirubin and haemoglobin; the number of these severe laboratory values was low (0.6-3.0%), except grade 3 lymphocyte count decreased (11.5%) in the RA study. In both OLE studies, efficacy assessed by ACR responses and other disease activity scores was maintained over the 24 weeks., Conclusion: ABT-122 demonstrated acceptable tolerability and maintenance of efficacy for up to 36 weeks in patients with RA or PsA receiving background MTX., Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov, http://clinicaltrials.gov, NCT02433340 and NCT02429895.
Efficacy and safety of biologics targeting IL-17 and IL-23 in the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.$$$ Numerous biologics are currently licensed for the treatment of psoriasis, including new drugs targeting interleukin-17 (IL-17) and interleukin-23 (IL-23). This meta-analysis evaluated the short-term (12-16weeks) efficacy and safety of biologics targeting IL-17 and IL-23 in the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. Twenty-one randomized clinical trials met the defined inclusion criteria. Our results showed that Ixekizumab (160mg wk0+80mg q2w) had the greatest probability of achieving both PASI 75 (RR 21.32, 95% CI 15.48-29.36, P<0.00001) and PASI 90 response (RR 59.76, 95% CI 32.41-110.19, P<0.00001) at the primary endpoint times, followed by Ustekinumab and Secukinumab. Regarding the safety profile, Tildtakizumab (200mg, q4w) was safest (RR 0.88, 95% CI 0.78-0.99, P=0.04), while Ixekizumab (160mg wk0+80mg q2w) showed highest risk for one or more AE (RR 1.26, 95% CI 1.15-1.38, P<0.00001). However, there was no significant difference between the two biologics regarding one or more SAEs. Comparing to the biologics targeting IL-23, the pooled effect size favored the biological agents targeting IL-17 in terms of the PASI 75 (PASI 75: RR 17.28, 95% CI 14.51-20.58, P<0.00001) and PASI 90 (RR 37.19, 95% CI 26.91-51.41, P<0.00001). The rate of overall AEs was significantly higher (P<0.00001) in biologics targeting the IL-17 (RR 1.18, 95% CI 1.12-1.24, P<0.00001) compared to biologics targeting IL-23 (RR 0.97, 95% CI 0.91-1.04, P=0.44), and with respect to one or more SAEs, no difference was seen between biologics targeting IL-17 and IL-23. This meta-analysis found that Ixekizumab was the most effective short-term treatment, but was ranked as the most risk therapeutic choice among the biologics involved in this study, while Tildtakizumab was the best alternative in the case of safety. Furthermore, it demonstrated that biologics inhibiting IL-17 were superior to biologics targeting IL-23 in terms of the efficacy, but posed higher risk at the same time. This study might help the clinicians and guideline developers to choose the optimal one among these biologics for the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. Copyright © 2018 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Ixekizumab improves patient-reported outcomes up to 52 weeks in bDMARD-naive patients with active psoriatic arthritis (SPIRIT-P1).$$$ Objective: To report patient-reported outcomes of patients with PsA treated with ixekizumab up to 52 weeks., Methods: In SPIRIT-P1, biologic-naive patients with active PsA were randomized to ixekizumab 80 mg every 4 weeks (IXEQ4W; N = 107) or every 2 weeks (IXEQ2W; N = 103) following a 160 mg starting dose, adalimumab 40 mg every 2 weeks (ADA; N = 101) or placebo (PBO; N = 106) during the initial 24-week double-blind treatment period. At week 24 (week 16 for inadequate responders), ADA (8-week washout before starting ixekizumab) and PBO patients were re-randomized to IXEQ2W or IXEQ4W. Patients receiving ixekizumab at week 24 received the same dose during the extension period (EP) to week 52. Patients completed measures including the Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI), Itch Numeric Rating Scale, 36-Item Short Form Health Survey version 2, European Quality of Life 5 Dimensions Visual Analogue Scale and Work Productivity and Activity Impairment Questionnaire-Specific Health Problem., Results: The IXEQ4W, IXEQ2W and ADA groups reported significant improvements in DLQI at week 24; 22% (PBO), 53% (IXEQ4W), 63% (IXEQ2W) and 54% (ADA) of patients reported DLQI scores of 0/1. The IXEQ4W, IXEQ2W and ADA groups reported significant improvements in Itch Numeric Rating Scale, 36-Item Short Form Health Survey version 2 physical component summary and some domain scores, and European Quality of Life 5 Dimensions Visual Analogue Scale at weeks 12 and 24; and in three of four Work Productivity and Activity Impairment Questionnaire-Specific Health Problem domains at week 24. Results are also presented through week 52 for the EP., Conclusion: In biologic-naive patients with active PsA, ixekizumab significantly improved skin symptoms, health-related quality of life and work productivity., Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov, http://clinicaltrials.gov, NCT01695239; EU Clinical Trials Register, https://www.clinicaltrialsregister.eu, EudraCT2011-002326-49.
Phase III randomized study of the proposed adalimumab biosimilar GP2017 in psoriasis: impact of multiple switches.$$$ BACKGROUND: Adalimumab is used to treat several inflammatory diseases, including plaque psoriasis. GP2017 is a proposed adalimumab biosimilar., OBJECTIVES: To assess the impact of multiple switches between GP2017 and reference adalimumab (ref-ADMB) following the demonstration of equivalent efficacy and similar safety and immunogenicity, in adult patients with active, clinically stable, moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis., METHODS: This 51-week double-blinded, phase III study randomly assigned patients to GP2017 (n = 231) or ref-ADMB (n = 234) 80 mg subcutaneously at week 0, then 40 mg biweekly from week 1. At week 17, patients were rerandomized to switch (n = 126) or continue (n = 253) treatment. The primary end point was patients achieving >= 75% improvement in Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI 75) at week 16, with equivalence confirmed if the 95% confidence interval (CI) for the difference in PASI 75 between treatments was +/- 18%. The key secondary end point was the change from baseline to week 16 in continuous PASI. Other end points were PASI over time; PASI 50, 75, 90 and100; pharmacokinetics; safety; tolerability and immunogenicity for the switched and continued treatment groups., RESULTS: Equivalent efficacy between GP2017 and ref-ADMB was confirmed for the primary (66.8% and 65.0%, respectively; 95% CI -7.46 to 11.15) and key secondary end points (-60.7% and -61.5%, respectively; 95% CI -3.15 to 4.84). PASI improved over time and was similar between treatment groups at week 16, and the switched and continued groups from weeks 17 to 51. There were no relevant safety or immunogenicity differences between GP2017 and ref-ADMB at week 16, or the switched and continued groups from weeks 17 to 51. No hypersensitivity to adalimumab was reported upon switching., CONCLUSIONS: Following the demonstration of GP2017 biosimilarity to ref-ADMB, switching up to four times between GP2017 and ref-ADMB had no detectable impact on efficacy, safety or immunogenicity. Copyright © 2018 British Association of Dermatologists.
Efficacy assessment of UVA1 and narrowband UVB for treatment of scalp psoriasis.$$$ To compare the efficacy and safety of UVA1 and narrowband UVB (NB-UVB) therapy in the treatment of scalp psoriasis. Patients with scalp psoriasis were randomly assigned to either UVA1 or NB-UVB therapy. Both treatments were performed three times weekly for 6 weeks. Clinical efficacy was evaluated by using Psoriasis Scalp Severity Index (PSSI), and patient-reported quality of life (QoL) was assessed by Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI). Totally 68 patients completed the study. Both UVA1 and NB-UVB phototherapy achieved a statistically significant reduction of PSSI and DLQI scores at the end of the treatment period. Compared with the NB-UVB group, the significantly greater improvements occurred in UVA1 treatment group at week 3, although differences declined thereafter through week 10. Both UVA1 and NB-UVB therapy were well-tolerated in this study, and the occurrence of adverse events (AEs) was uncommon. Both UVA1 and NB-UVB phototherapy could offer relief of scalp symptoms in patients with scalp involvement. Furthermore, UVA1 treatment could improve the clinical manifestations and QoL more quickly than NB-UVB therapy.
Guselkumab, an anti-interleukin-23 monoclonal antibody, for the treatment of moderate to severe plaque-type psoriasis in Japanese patients: Efficacy and safety results from a phase 3, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study.$$$ Previous global studies of guselkumab have demonstrated clinical benefits in patients with psoriasis. The aim of this 52-week, phase 3 study was to evaluate efficacy and safety of guselkumab in Japanese patients with moderate to severe plaque-type psoriasis. Patients randomly received guselkumab 50 mg or 100 mg at weeks 0, 4 and every 8 weeks, or placebo with cross-over to guselkumab 50 mg or 100 mg at week 16. Co-primary end-points were the proportion of patients achieving Investigator's Global Assessment (IGA) cleared/minimal (0/1) and 90% or more improvement in Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI-90) at week 16. Overall, 192 patients were randomized to placebo, guselkumab 50 mg or 100 mg. At week 16, patients in the placebo group were crossed over to guselkumab 50 mg or 100 mg. At week 16, a significantly (P < 0.001) higher proportion of patients receiving guselkumab 50 mg and 100 mg versus placebo achieved IGA 0/1 (92.3% and 88.9% vs 7.8%) and PASI-90 (70.8% and 69.8% vs 0%). Patients in guselkumab 50 mg and 100 mg groups achieved significant improvement versus placebo in PASI-75 (89.2% and 84.1% vs 6.3%, P < 0.001) at week 16; improvement was maintained through week 52. Incidences of treatment-emergent adverse events were comparable among the groups through week 16; the most commonly reported was nasopharyngitis. No new safety concerns were observed until week 52. In conclusion, guselkumab treatment demonstrated superior efficacy over placebo and was well tolerated in Japanese patients with moderate to severe plaque-type psoriasis. Copyright © 2018 Janssen Pharmaceutical K.K. The Journal of Dermatology published by John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd on behalf of Japanese Dermatological Association.
18F-fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography-based evaluation of systemic and vascular inflammation and assessment of the effect of systemic treatment on inflammation in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis: A randomized placebo-controlled pilot study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Psoriasis is a systemic inflammatory disorder associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease., OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the utility of [[18]F]-fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography/computed tomography in identifying vascular and systemic inflammation in psoriasis patients with moderate-to-severe disease and to analyze its usefulness in assessing the effect of systemic treatment., METHODS: This was a randomized, double-blind pilot study conducted in a tertiary care center. Baseline standardized uptake value score was estimated by18F-fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography/computed tomography in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis and compared with historical controls. Patients were then randomized using computer-generated randomization list into methotrexate or placebo (with or without pioglitazone) groups.18F-fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography/computed tomography was repeated at 12 weeks and composite standardized uptake value score determined. The correlation between Psoriasis Activity and Severity Index and SUVmax was assessed., RESULTS: A total of 16 patients were randomized to different treatment groups. Significant increase in mean SUVmax was observed in the ascending aorta in psoriasis patients as compared to historical controls (2.03 +/- 0.53 vs 1.51 +/- 0.36, P < 0.03). There was no difference in composite standardized uptake value score after 12 weeks of treatment in any of the treatment groups (P = 0.82), although an improvement in Psoriasis Activity and Severity Index score in the methotrexate arm was observed. No correlation was found between mean SUVmax and Psoriasis Activity and Severity Index scores in various aortic segments (r = 0.3-0.7)., LIMITATIONS: Small sample size, short follow-up, historical controls, exclusion of patients with comorbid conditions and lack of surrogate markers of systemic inflammation., CONCLUSION: 18F-fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography imaging showed higher vascular inflammation in ascending aorta of psoriasis patients as compared to historical controls. Systemic treatment with methotrexate and pioglitazone did not influence the vascular inflammation in the short term.
Efficacy and safety of guselkumab in patients with active psoriatic arthritis: a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, phase 2 study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Guselkumab, a human monoclonal antibody that binds to the p19 subunit of interleukin 23, has been approved for the treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis. Psoriatic arthritis is a common comorbidity of psoriasis with an umet need for novel treatments. We assessed the efficacy and safety of guselkumab in patients with active psoriatic arthritis., METHODS: We did a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, phase 2a trial at 34 rheumatology and dermatology practices in Canada, Germany, Poland, Romania, Russia, Spain, and the USA. Eligible participants were aged 18 years or older with active psoriatic arthritis and plaque psoriasis affecting at least 3% of their body surface area, with three or more of 66 tender joints and three or more of 68 swollen joints, who had an inadequate response or intolerance to standard treatments. We randomly assigned patients (2:1) via a central interactive web-response system using computer-generated permuted blocks with a block size of six, stratified by previous anti-tumour necrosis factor-alpha use, to receive subcutaneous guselkumab 100 mg or placebo at week 0, week 4, and every 8 weeks thereafter for 24 weeks. Patients, investigators, and site staff were masked to treatment assignment until final database lock at week 56. At week 16, patients with less than 5% improvement in swollen and tender joint counts were eligible for early escape to ustekinumab. At week 24, the remaining placebo-treated patients crossed over to receive guselkumab 100 mg at weeks 24, 28, 36, and 44 and guselkumab-treated patients received a placebo injection at week 24, followed by guselkumab injections at weeks 28, 36, and 44. The primary endpoint was the proportion of patients with at least 20% improvement at week 24 in signs and symptoms of psoriatic arthritis according to American College of Rheumatology criteria (ACR20) in the modified intention-to-treat population (ie, all randomly assigned patients who received at least one dose of study treatment). Safety analyses included patients according to the study drug received. This study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT02319759., FINDINGS: Between March 27, 2015, and Jan 17, 2017, we randomly assigned 149 patients to treatment: 100 to guselkumab and 49 to placebo. 17 (35%) of 49 patients in the placebo group and ten (10%) of 100 patients in the guselkumab group were eligible for early escape to ustekinumab at week 16. 29 (59%) of 49 patients in the placebo group crossed over and received guselkumab at week 24. Three (6%) of 49 patients in the placebo group, one (3%) of 29 patients who crossed over from placebo to guselkumab, and six (6%) of 100 patients in the guselkumab group discontinued study treatment before week 44. 58 (58%) of 100 patients in the guselkumab group and nine (18%) of 49 patients in the placebo group achieved an ACR20 response at week 24 (percentage difference 39.7% [95% CI 25.3-54.1]; p<0.0001). Between week 0 and week 24, 36 (36%) of 100 guselkumab-treated patients and 16 (33%) of 49 placebo-treated patients had at least one adverse event. The most frequent adverse event was infection in both groups (16 [16%] of 100 patients in the guselkumab group vs ten [20%] of 49 patients in the placebo group). The prevalence of adverse events between week 0 and week 56 in guselkumab-treated patients (51 [40%] of 129) indicated no disproportional increase with longer guselkumab exposure. No deaths occurred., INTERPRETATION: Guselkumab, a novel anti-interleukin 23p19 antibody, significantly improved signs and symptoms of active psoriatic arthritis and was well tolerated during 44 weeks of treatment. The results of this study support further development of guselkumab as a novel and comprehensive treatment in psoriatic arthritis., FUNDING: Janssen Research & Development. Copyright © 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Secukinumab provides rapid and sustained pain relief in psoriatic arthritis over 2 years: results from the FUTURE 2 study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Pain is one of the most important domains affecting health-related quality of life (HRQoL) in patients with psoriatic arthritis (PsA). Secukinumab has demonstrated rapid and sustained improvements in signs and symptoms, including HRQoL, among patients with active PsA. This analysis evaluates the effect of secukinumab on patient-reported pain in PsA through 104 weeks of treatment., METHODS: Pain was assessed through week 104 using clinically relevant measures, including change from baseline in a pain visual analog scale (VAS) and Short Form-36 (SF-36) bodily domain scores; proportion of patients reporting improvements equal to or better than minimum clinically meaningful differences in the pain VAS and SF-36 bodily pain domain scores; and proportion of patients with no, moderate, or extreme pain/discomfort measured by the EuroQoL 5-Dimension 3-Level Questionnaire (EQ-5D-3 L) pain item scores. Correlations of pain measures were analyzed using Pearson's correlation coefficient. Pre-specified analyses of TNF-naive patients and patients who stopped TNF-inhibitors (TNFis) due to inadequate responses or safety/tolerability (TNF-IR patients) were performed using "as-observed data.", RESULTS: Mean improvements from baseline in pain VAS scores were greater with secukinumab versus placebo by week 3 (- 16.9; P < 0.0001 with secukinumab 300 mg and - 12.6; P < 0.05 with secukinumab 150 mg) and sustained through week 104. SF-36 bodily pain domain scores were significantly greater with 300 mg secukinumab and secukinumab 150 mg versus placebo by week 4 (16.2 and 16.3, respectively; P < 0.0001 for both), and these changes were maintained through week 104. With both secukinumab 300 mg and secukinumab 150 mg, improvements equal to or better than the minimum clinically meaningful differences in pain VAS and SF-36 bodily pain were significant versus placebo at week 3 and week 4, respectively. At week 4, 15%, 9%, and 5% of patients receiving secukinumab 300 mg, secukinumab 150 mg, and placebo, respectively, reported "no pain/discomfort" measured by EQ-5D-3 L; these proportions increased to week 104 with both secukinumab doses. Similarly, improvements in pain measures were significant in both TNF-naive and TNF-IR patients., CONCLUSION: Secukinumab provided rapid and sustained pain relief in PsA over 2 years of treatment. Improvements in pain were reported regardless of prior exposure to TNFis., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT01752634 . Registered on 19 December 2012.
Exposure-Response Modeling to Characterize the Relationship Between Ixekizumab Serum Drug Concentrations and Efficacy Responses at Week 12 in Patients With Moderate to Severe Plaque Psoriasis.$$$ Ixekizumab, a high-affinity monoclonal antibody, selectively targets interleukin-17A and has been shown to be efficacious in the treatment of moderate to severe psoriasis. The objective was to describe the relationship between ixekizumab concentrations and efficacy response (static Physician Global Assessment [sPGA] and the Psoriasis Activity and Severity Index [PASI) scores] after 12 weeks of ixekizumab treatment in psoriasis patients from 3 phase 3 studies. Data from 2888 psoriasis patients randomized to receive placebo or 80 mg ixekizumab every 2 weeks or every 4 weeks were analyzed. Separate logistic regression models describing the relationship between ixekizumab concentrations and sPGA or PASI scores at week 12 were used to determine the probability of patients achieving a response and to investigate the impact of various patient factors other than drug concentrations on response rates. Both dosing regimens were efficacious, with higher rates of response achieved with the higher range of observed ixekizumab concentrations after every-2-week dosing. Although higher bodyweight, palmoplantar involvement, lower baseline disease state, or high baseline C-reactive protein were associated with slightly lower response rates, the magnitude of effect of these factors on sPGA(0,1) response was small, with all subgroups able to achieve high levels of response. Other factors tested had no effect including age, sex, and antidrug antibody status. Logistic regression modeling of ixekizumab concentration and efficacy data accurately identified the proportion of responders using sPGA or PASI end points. The higher concentration ranges achieved with 80 mg every 2 weeks versus every 4 weeks were associated with higher response levels. Copyright © 2018, The American College of Clinical Pharmacology.
Monoclonal antibodies for the treatment of atopic dermatitis.$$$ PURPOSE OF REVIEW: To evaluate the treatment revolution atopic dermatitis, the most common inflammatory skin disease, has been going through in recent years, thanks to breakthroughs in disease understanding, delineating the immune fingerprint of atopic dermatitis., RECENT FINDINGS: The treatment for moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis patients has been largely unchanged for decades and relied on broad-acting immunosuppressants. A huge unmet need existed for effective, well tolerated and narrow-targeted therapeutics. Multiple therapies, targeting various aspects of the complex immune activation of atopic dermatitis, are now assessed in clinical trials, and hold promise for a new era in the treatment of atopic dermatitis, comparable with the treatment shift seen for psoriasis in the last decade. The first effective monoclonal antibody licensed for the treatment of atopic dermatitis, dupilumab, not only offers a much-needed systemic agent for moderate-to-severe patients but also provides strong evidence for the potential role of other monoclonal antibodies in disease management., SUMMARY: In this rapidly changing field, new atopic dermatitis-targeted monoclonal antibodies will be reviewed in light of the recently discovered pathomechanisms of the disease.
Phase II Study of ABT-122, a Tumor Necrosis Factor- and Interleukin-17A-Targeted Dual Variable Domain Immunoglobulin, in Patients With Psoriatic Arthritis With an Inadequate Response to Methotrexate.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the safety and efficacy of ABT-122, a tumor necrosis factor (TNF)- and interleukin-17A (IL-17A)-targeted dual variable domain immunoglobulin, in patients with active psoriatic arthritis (PsA) who have experienced an inadequate response to methotrexate., METHODS: Patients (n = 240) were randomized to receive ABT-122 (120 or 240 mg every week), adalimumab (40 mg every other week), or placebo in a 12-week double-blind, parallel-group study. The primary efficacy end point was the proportion of patients achieving >=20% improvement in disease activity according to the American College of Rheumatology response criteria (ACR20) at week 12. Secondary and exploratory 12-week end points included 50% improvement (ACR50) and 70% improvement (ACR70) response rates, and proportion of patients meeting the Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) response criteria for >=75% (PASI75) and >=90% (PASI90) improvement in skin scores among those with >=3% of their body surface area affected by psoriasis., RESULTS: In both ABT-122 dose groups, ACR20 response rates at week 12 (64.8-75.3%) were superior to that in patients receiving placebo (25.0%) (P < 0.001) but similar to that in patients receiving adalimumab (68.1%). ACR50 and ACR70 response rates were also superior in both ABT-122 dose groups (36.6-53.4% and 22.5-31.5%, respectively) compared to the placebo group (12.5% and 4.2%, respectively) (P < 0.05). Among eligible patients in the placebo, adalimumab, ABT-122 120 mg every week, and ABT-122 240 mg every week treatment groups, PASI75 responses were achieved in 27.3%, 57.6%, 74.4%, and 77.6% of patients, respectively, whereas PASI90 responses were achieved in 18.2%, 45.5%, 48.8%, and 46.9% of patients, respectively. Frequencies of treatment-emergent adverse events, including infections, were similar across all treatment groups, causing no discontinuations. No serious infections or systemic hypersensitivity reactions were reported with ABT-122., CONCLUSION: Dual neutralization of TNF and IL-17A with ABT-122 had efficacy and safety that was similar to, and not broadly differentiated from, that of adalimumab over a 12-week treatment course in patients with PsA. Copyright © 2018 AbbVie Inc. Arthritis & Rheumatology published by Wiley Periodicals, Inc. on behalf of American College of Rheumatology.
High Rate of Drug-Free Remission After Induction Therapy With Golimumab in Early Peripheral Spondyloarthritis.$$$ OBJECTIVE: New treatment algorithms using tumor necrosis factor (TNF) blockers in early stages of spondyloarthritis (SpA) induce high rates of clinical remission or low disease activity. It could be anticipated that such early intervention strategies in peripheral SpA may induce drug-free remission. We undertook this study to evaluate drug-free clinical remission after induction therapy with golimumab in patients with very early active peripheral SpA, and to identify patient characteristics that predict sustained drug-free remission., METHODS: Eligible patients were age >=18 years and fulfilled the Assessment of SpondyloArthritis international Society criteria for peripheral SpA. All patients had symptom duration of <12 weeks. Sustained clinical remission was defined as the absence of arthritis, enthesitis, and dactylitis at 2 consecutive major visits, after which treatment was withdrawn. Patients were prospectively followed up to assess the rate of sustained drug-free clinical remission and clinical relapse., RESULTS: Eighty-two percent of patients (49 of 60) fulfilled sustained clinical remission criteria after a regimen of induction therapy with golimumab. The majority of patients already reached this status at week 24 (n = 30), with an additional 11 and 8 patients at weeks 36 and 48, respectively. All patients had a follow-up period of at least 18 months after drug withdrawal. Fifty-three percent of patients (26 of 49) still have drug-free remission of their disease. Inability to sustain drug-free remission was associated with the presence of psoriasis and polyarticular disease (swollen joint count >5)., CONCLUSION: Anti-TNF treatment in very early peripheral SpA results in a remarkably high rate of sustained clinical remission. More than 50% of patients continue to have remission of their disease after withdrawal of therapy, which highlights a defined window of opportunity permitting induction of drug-free remission. Copyright © 2018, American College of Rheumatology.
Maintenance of skin clearance with ixekizumab treatment of psoriasis: Three-year results from the UNCOVER-3 study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Psoriasis is a chronic disease that may require long-term treatment. Ixekizumab (IXE), which is a high-affinity monoclonal antibody that selectively targets interleukin 17A, is an approved therapy for patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis., OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of IXE through 156 weeks from the UNCOVER-3 study in patients who were treated with the recommended dose regimen (160 mg of IXE at week 0, 80 mg every 2 weeks up to week 12, and 80 mg every 4 weeks thereafter)., METHODS: Patients randomized to IXE every 2 weeks, IXE every 4 weeks, etanercept twice weekly, or placebo were switched to IXE every 4 weeks during the long-term extension period. Efficacy data were summarized by using the as-observed, multiple imputation, and modified nonresponder imputation methods., RESULTS: At week 156, 80.5% of patients had achieved at least a 75% improvement from baseline in their Psoriasis Area Severity Index (PASI) score, 66.0% had achived at least a 90% improvement from baseline in their PASI score, and 45.1% had achieved a 100% improvement from baseline in their PASI score with use of the modified nonresponder imputation method, and 97.2% and 86.2% of patients had achived at least a 75% improvement from baseline in their PASI score with use of the as-observed and multiple imputation methods, respectively. Similar response rates were observed in patients with baseline scalp, nail, or palmoplantar involvement. No new safety signals were identified through year 3., LIMITATIONS: No placebo or active comparison after week 12., CONCLUSION: IXE sustained high responses with clearance of skin and nail lesions, with no new safety concerns through 3 years. Copyright © 2018. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Efficacy of Guselkumab Compared With Adalimumab and Placebo for Psoriasis in Specific Body Regions: A Secondary Analysis of 2 Randomized Clinical Trials.$$$ Importance: Psoriasis of the scalp, palms and/or soles, and nails is challenging to treat., Objective: To evaluate the effect of guselkumab on psoriasis in specific body regions., Design, Setting, and Participants: VOYAGE 1 and VOYAGE 2 were, double-blind, placebo- and adalimumab-controlled studies of guselkumab conducted at 101 and 115 global sites, respectively, from November 3, 2014, to May 19, 2016. Patients had moderate to severe plaque psoriasis (Psoriasis Area and Severity Index score >=12, Investigator's Global Assessment [IGA] score >=3, and >=10% body surface area with psoriasis). This post hoc data analysis was performed from February 10 through November 15, 2017., Exposures: Patients were randomized to guselkumab, 100 mg (weeks 0 and 4, then every 8 weeks); placebo followed by guselkumab, 100 mg, starting at week 16; or adalimumab (80 mg [week 0] and 40 mg [week 1, then every 2 weeks])., Main Outcomes and Measures: Efficacy was assessed through week 24. End points included numbers of patients achieving scores of 0 or 1 (clear or near clear) or 0 (clear) on the scalp-specific IGA (ss-IGA), Physician's Global Assessment of the hands and/or feet (hf-PGA), and fingernail PGA (f-PGA) and percentage of improvement in target Nail Psoriasis Severity Index score., Results: Of 1829 randomized patients (mean [SD] age, 43.6 [12.4] years; 1300 [71.1%] male, 1498 [81.9%] white), 1576 (86.2%) had psoriasis of the scalp; 501 (27.4%), palms and/or soles; and 1049 (57.4%), fingernails. At baseline, 1512 (82.7%), 461 (25.2%), and 928 (50.7%) patients had a score of 2 or higher on the ss-IGA, hf-PGA, and f-PGA, respectively, and were included in the analysis. Guselkumab was superior to placebo based on the proportion of patients achieving an ss-IGA score of 0 or 1 (560 [81.8%] vs 43 [12.4%]) at week 16 and to adalimumab (582 [85.0%] vs 329 [68.5%]) at week 24 (both P < .001); 479 (69.9%) in the guselkumab group vs 270 (56.3%) in the adalimumab group achieved an ss-IGA score of 0 (all P < .001). An hf-PGA score of 0 or 1 was achieved by 154 patients (75.5%) in the guselkumab group vs 15 (14.2%) in the placebo group at week 16 and 164 (80.4%) in the guselkumab group vs 91 (60.3%) in the adalimumab group at week 24; 153 (75.0%) in the guselkumab group vs 76 (50.3%) in the adalimumab group achieved an hf-PGA score of 0 (all P < .001). An f-PGA score of 0 or 1 was achieved by 196 patients (46.7%) in the guselkumab group vs 32 (15.2%) in the placebo group at week 16 (P < .001) and 252 (60.0%) in the guselkumab group vs 191 (64.3%) in the adalimumab group at week 24 (P = .11); 115 (27.4%) in the guselkumab group vs 83 (27.9%) in the adalimumab group achieved an f-PGA score of 0 (P = .63)., Conclusions and Relevance: Compared with adalimumab, guselkumab was associated with significant improvement in psoriasis on the scalp and palms and/or soles; magnitude of improvement in fingernails did not differ between treatments. These results may help dermatologists make treatment decisions for patients with psoriasis in difficult-to-treat body regions., Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifiers: NCT02207231 and NCT02207244.
Efficacy and Safety Outcomes for Originator TNF Inhibitors and Biosimilars in Rheumatoid Arthritis and Psoriasis Trials: A Systematic Literature Review.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Regulatory approval of biosimilar versions of originator biotherapeutics requires that new biological products be highly similar to originator products, with no clinically meaningful differences in safety, purity, and potency. In some trials of biosimilars of tumor necrosis factor inhibitors for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis (RA) and plaque psoriasis (PsO), pre-specified margins for efficacy and safety have been met, but differences in treatment responses between pivotal originator trials and biosimilar trials have been noted. The objective of this systematic review was to examine these differences., METHODS: Searches were conducted to identify comparative randomized clinical trials of approved or proposed biosimilars of adalimumab, etanercept, and infliximab., RESULTS: Of 83 publications identified, 16 publications were included for analysis (RA: originators, n = 5; biosimilars, n = 6; PsO: originators, n = 2; biosimilars, n = 3). American College of Rheumatology 20% response rates were higher among patients with RA receiving originator biologics and biosimilars in biosimilar trials than among patients receiving the originator biologics in pivotal trials. In etanercept studies in PsO, a difference was observed in Psoriasis Area and Severity Index 75% response rates between biosimilar and pivotal trials. Insufficient efficacy data were available from adalimumab and infliximab biosimilar studies in PsO to determine any differences in treatment responses between pivotal and biosimilar studies., CONCLUSIONS: Observed differences in treatment response rates between pivotal originator trials and trials of originator biologics and their respective biosimilars may be attributable to fundamental differences in study design and/or baseline patient characteristics, which require further analysis.
Effect of 2 Psoriasis Treatments on Vascular Inflammation and Novel Inflammatory Cardiovascular Biomarkers: A Randomized Placebo-Controlled Trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Psoriasis is a chronic inflammatory disease associated with dyslipidemia, cardiovascular events, and mortality. We aimed to assess and compare the effect of treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis with adalimumab or phototherapy on vascular inflammation and cardiovascular biomarkers., METHODS AND RESULTS: Randomized, double-blind, trial of adalimumab, phototherapy, and placebo (1:1:1) for 12 weeks, with crossover to adalimumab for 52 weeks total. Outcomes included vascular inflammation by 18F-fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography/computed tomography and biomarkers of inflammation, insulin resistance, and lipoproteins. Ninety-seven patients were randomized, 92 completed the randomized controlled trial portion; 81 entered the adalimumab extension with 61 completing 52 weeks of adalimumab. There was no difference in change in vascular inflammation at week 12 in the adalimumab group (change compared with placebo, 0.64%; 95% confidence interval, -5.84% to 7.12%) or the phototherapy group (-1.60%; 95% confidence interval, -6.78% to 3.59%) or after 52-week adalimumab treatment (0.02% compared with initiation; 95% confidence interval, -2.85% to 2.90%). Both adalimumab and phototherapy decreased inflammation by serum CRP, interleukin-6. Only adalimumab reduced tumor necrosis factor and glycoprotein acetylation at 12 and 52 weeks. Neither had an impact on metabolic markers (insulin, adiponectin, and leptin). Only phototherapy increased high-density lipoprotein-p at 12 weeks. At 52-week of adalimumab cholesterol efflux and high-density lipoprotein-p were reduced., CONCLUSIONS: Adalimumab reduced key markers of inflammation including glycoprotein acetylation compared with phototherapy with no effect on glucose metabolism and vascular inflammation, and potential adverse effects on high-density lipoprotein. Glycoprotein acetylation improvement may partially explain the beneficial effects of adalimumab seen in observational studies. Larger studies with more detailed phenotyping of vascular disease should assess the comparative differences in the effects of adalimumab and phototherapy seen in our study., CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: URL: https://www.clinicaltrials.gov. Unique identifiers: NCT01866592 and NCT01553058. Copyright © 2018 American Heart Association, Inc.
Obesity and response to anti-tumor necrosis factor-alpha agents in patients with select immune-mediated inflammatory diseases: A systematic review and meta-analysis.$$$ OBJECTIVES: We sought to evaluate the association between obesity and response to anti-tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF) agents, through a systematic review and meta-analysis., METHODS: Through a systematic search through January 24, 2017, we identified randomized controlled trials (RCTs) or observational studies in adults with select immune-mediated inflammatory diseases-inflammatory bowel diseases (IBD), rheumatoid arthritis (RA), spondyloarthropathies (SpA), psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis (PsA)-treated with anti-TNF agents, and reporting outcomes, stratified by body mass index (BMI) categories or weight. Primary outcome was failure to achieve clinical remission or response or treatment modification. We performed random effects meta-analysis and estimated odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence interval (CI)., RESULTS: Based on 54 cohorts including 19,372 patients (23% obese), patients with obesity had 60% higher odds of failing therapy (OR,1.60; 95% CI,1.39-1.83;I2 = 71%). Dose-response relationship was observed (obese vs. normal BMI: OR,1.87 [1.39-2.52]; overweight vs. normal BMI: OR,1.38 [1.11-1.74],p = 0.11); a 1kg/m2 increase in BMI was associated with 6.5% higher odds of failure (OR,1.065 [1.043-1.087]). These effects were observed across patients with rheumatic diseases, but not observed in patients with IBD. Effect was consistent based on dosing regimen/route, study design, exposure definition, and outcome measures. Less than 10% eligible RCTs reported outcomes stratified by BMI., CONCLUSIONS: Obesity is an under-reported predictor of inferior response to anti-TNF agents in patients with select immune-mediated inflammatory diseases. A thorough evaluation of obesity as an effect modifier in clinical trials is warranted, and intentional weight loss may serve as adjunctive treatment in patients with obesity failing anti-TNF therapy.
Ixekizumab Pharmacokinetics, Anti-Drug Antibodies, and Efficacy through 60 Weeks of Treatment of Moderate to Severe Plaque Psoriasis.$$$ Ixekizumab, a high-affinity monoclonal antibody that selectively targets IL-17A, is efficacious for moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. We examined relationships between serum ixekizumab concentrations, treatment-emergent anti-drug antibodies (TE-ADAs), and efficacy during 60 weeks of treatment in a randomized, controlled, phase 3 study. Steady-state ixekizumab serum trough concentrations were rapidly achieved and associated with high clinical responses at week 12 with a starting dose of 160 mg followed by 80 mg every 2 weeks. During the long-term extension period dosage of 80 mg every 4 weeks, stable serum trough concentrations maintained high clinical responses through week 60. Most (82.6%, 308/373) patients never developed TE-ADA. In TE-ADA-positive patients (17.4%, n = 65), variations in ADA titers, neutralizing capacity, and persistence were observed. Fifty-six patients (15%) developed low or moderate maximum titers, with serum concentrations and efficacy comparable to those of TE-ADA-negative patients. Nine patients (2.4%) developed high titers, with variable individual clinical responses; four of these nine patients achieved at least PASI 75 at week 60. Median serum concentrations in the TE-ADA-high titer group were generally comparable to the median serum concentrations in the lower titer groups. For most patients, TE-ADA had a negligible impact on ixekizumab serum concentrations and efficacy. Clinicaltrials.gov: NCT01646177. Copyright © 2018 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
A non-inferiority randomized controlled clinical trial comparing Unani formulation & psoralen plus ultraviolet A sol in chronic plaque psoriasis.$$$ BACKGROUND & OBJECTIVES: Though Unani medications have been used for centuries to treat psoriasis, there is paucity of published studies which have systematically evaluated their efficacy and safety. This study was conducted to establish non-inferiority of Unani medications (oral UNIM-401 and topical UNIM-403) vs psoralen plus ultraviolet A (PUVA) sol in treatment of moderate-severe chronic plaque psoriasis (CPP) in achieving psoriasis area severity index (PASI) 75 at 12 wk and to estimate proportion of patients who relapsed in follow up period of 12 weeks, after having achieved PASI 50., METHODS: In this randomized, controlled trial patients with CPP were block randomized to receive either Unani treatment (147 patients) or PUVA sol (140 patients) for 12 weeks. Percentage reduction in PASI was determined in each patient at 12 wk to calculate number of patients who achieved PASI 75 as also to estimate median of percentage reduction in PASI in each group. All patients who achieved PASI 50 at 12 weeks were followed up for another 12 wk to determine proportion of patients who relapsed., RESULTS: Of the 287 patients randomized, 84 of 147 in Unani group and 67 of 140 in PUVA sol group completed 12 weeks of treatment. On intention-to-treat (ITT) analysis, the response in patients on Unani medication was not inferior to those receiving PUVA sol, in attaining PASI 75 (16.3% in Unani group vs 15.7% in the PUVA sol group). Median of percentage reduction of PASI at 12 wk from baseline in Unani group (68.2%; -60, 100) and PUVA sol group (63%; -15.7, 100) was comparable. Proportion of patients who relapsed at 24 wk was comparable in both groups. However, frequency of clinical side effects was significantly higher (P =0.001) in PUVA sol group (16.4%) compared to Unani group (2%)., INTERPRETATION & CONCLUSIONS: The findings of the present study indicated that oral UNIM-401 and topical UNIM-403 were effective and well tolerated therapeutic options in patients with moderate-severe CPP.
Association between serum interleukin-17A and clinical response to tofacitinib and etanercept in moderate to severe psoriasis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Psoriasis is a systemic inflammatory disease with a pathophysiology involving interleukin (IL)-17. Tofacitinib is an oral Janus kinase inhibitor. Etanercept is a tumour necrosis factor-alpha inhibitor used in the treatment of psoriasis. Neither agent inhibits IL-17 directly., AIM: To evaluate correlations between circulating IL-17A and clinical efficacy in patients with psoriasis treated with tofacitinib or etanercept., METHODS: Serum concentrations of IL-17A homodimer and IL-17A/F heterodimer were determined by immunoassays at weeks 0, 4 and 12 in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis treated with placebo (n = 60), tofacitinib 5 mg twice daily (n = 184), tofacitinib 10 mg twice daily (n = 190), or etanercept 50 mg subcutaneously twice weekly (n = 190). Disease severity was assessed using the Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) and clinical response was defined as patients achieving >= 75% improvement from baseline PASI (PASI75)., RESULTS: Serum levels of IL-17A homodimer at week 0 showed moderate correlation with PASI, with a Spearman correlation coefficient of 0.43. Furthermore, serum levels of IL-17A homodimer showed a clear correlation with clinical response, with a decrease of 57.1% in patients achieving PASI75 at week 12, but only 15.9% decrease in nonresponders. PASI75 responders had lower median concentrations of IL-17A (range across treatments: 0.24-0.27 pg/mL) at week 12 vs. nonresponders (0.37-0.62 pg/mL), regardless of the treatment. Serum IL-17A/F heterodimer showed similar decreases at week 12 in responders and nonresponders., CONCLUSIONS: Baseline serum IL-17A correlates moderately with psoriasis severity. Reduction in circulating IL-17A is required for disease remission regardless of therapeutic agent. Copyright © 2018 Pfizer, Inc. Clinical and Experimental Dermatology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltdon behalf of British Association of Dermatologists, North American Clinical Dermatologic Society and St Johns Dermatological Society.
Efficacy and safety of ixekizumab in a randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled phase IIIb study of patients with moderate-to-severe genital psoriasis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Genital psoriasis (GenPs) is a common, debilitating and difficult-to-treat manifestation of plaque psoriasis. However, few controlled, interventional studies of GenPs exist., OBJECTIVES: To determine the efficacy of ixekizumab vs. placebo in patients with moderate-to-severe GenPs with >= 1% involved body surface area (BSA)., METHODS: Patients with moderate-to-severe GenPs, defined as a baseline static Physician's Global Assessment of Genitalia (sPGA-G) score of >= 3, with BSA >= 1% were randomized 1 : 1 to receive placebo (n = 74) or the recommended dosing of ixekizumab (n = 75). Major outcomes included the percentage of patients achieving 0 or 1 scores on the sPGA-G (primary end point), overall sPGA, GenPs Sexual Frequency Questionnaire (GenPs-SFQ) item 2, and >= 3-point improvement from baseline on the GenPs itch numerical rating scale., RESULTS: At week 12, ixekizumab was superior to placebo for sPGA-G 0/1 (73% vs. 8%, P < 0.001), overall sPGA 0/1 (73% vs. 3%, P < 0.001), GenPs-SFQ item 2 score of 0 or 1 (78% vs. 21%, P < 0.001) and genital itch (60% vs. 8%, P < 0.001). No candidiasis was reported, no deaths occurred and one (1%) serious adverse event was reported in a patient receiving placebo., CONCLUSIONS: Ixekizumab was superior to placebo for the treatment of moderate-to-severe GenPs with BSA >= 1%. The safety profile of ixekizumab was consistent with previous studies in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. Copyright © 2018 The Authors. British Journal of Dermatology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of British Association of Dermatologists.
Safety of tildrakizumab for moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: pooled analysis of three randomized controlled trials.$$$ BACKGROUND: Short-term interleukin-23p19 inhibition by tildrakizumab improves plaque psoriasis and appears to be well tolerated., OBJECTIVES: Safety and tolerability were assessed for up to 64 weeks of tildrakizumab therapy using pooled data from three randomized controlled trials for moderate-to-severe psoriasis., METHODS: Data pools for the placebo-controlled (up to 16 weeks) and full trial periods (up to 64 weeks) were analysed (n = 2081)., RESULTS: In the placebo-controlled period, frequencies of treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs; range 47.9-54.0%), serious TEAEs (range 1.4-2.3%), discontinuations due to AEs (range 0.6-1.9%), major adverse cardiovascular events (MACEs; range 0.0-0.1%) and severe infections (range 0.0-0.3%) were comparable between tildrakizumab 100 mg, tildrakizumab 200 mg, placebo and etanercept. In the full trial period, exposure-adjusted rates (patients per 100 patient-years) for TEAEs, serious TEAEs and discontinuations due to AEs with tildrakizumab 100 mg and 200 mg were lower than or comparable with the placebo rates, and lower than with etanercept. Exposure-adjusted rates of MACEs (range 0.0-0.5) and severe infections (range 0.9-2.0) were comparable among groups. No TEAEs of inflammatory bowel disease or suicide were reported. Candida skin infections were infrequent at frequencies of 0.1%, 0.3%, 0.0% and 0.0% for the tildrakizumab 100 mg, tildrakizumab 200 mg, placebo and etanercept groups, respectively, in the placebo-controlled period, and exposure-adjusted rates of 0.2, 0.7, 0.0 and 0.0, respectively, in the full trial period. Oral candidiasis was also infrequent., CONCLUSIONS: Up to 64 weeks of tildrakizumab was well tolerated, with low rates of serious TEAEs, discontinuations due to AEs, and AEs of clinical interest. Copyright © 2018 British Association of Dermatologists.
The Effect of Biologic and Targeted Synthetic Drugs on Work- and Productivity-related Outcomes for Patients with Psoriatic Arthritis: A Systematic Review.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To systematically review the effects of biologic therapies for psoriatic arthritis [secukinumab, ustekinumab, adalimumab, etanercept, certolizumab pegol (CZP), apremilast, golimumab (GOL), or infliximab (IFX)] on work productivity., METHODS: A systematic review of Medline, EMBASE, CENTRAL, and ClinicalTrials.gov was conducted to identify randomized controlled trials reporting on work productivity outcomes at the end of the placebo-controlled double-blind period., RESULTS: There were 7959 records identified. Full text of 377 records was further assessed for eligibility, of which 5 trials were included. All included trials were assessed with the Cochrane Risk of Bias Tool, and 4 out of 5 were judged to be of low risk of bias in most domains. Improvements in self-assessed work productivity were observed in 5 trials (IFX, GOL, CZP, ustekinumab, and apremilast), ranging from a mean difference of -0.9 to -1.8 on a 1-10 scale of self-assessed work productivity (negative change represents improvement), although statistical significance of the results was not reported for CZP and apremilast. Treatment with CZP resulted in a statistically significant reduction in absenteeism (200 mg) and presenteeism (200 and 400 mg). IFX and GOL reported a nonsignificant reduction of absenteeism. The Work Productivity Survey, the Work Limitations Questionnaire, and visual analog scales were used to measure work productivity., CONCLUSION: Treatment with IFX, GOL, CZP, ustekinumab, and apremilast resulted in improvements in self-reported work productivity. A pooled analysis was not possible because of the clinical heterogeneity of the trials and variability in outcome reporting.
PGAxBSA: A Measure of Psoriasis Severity Tested in Patients with Active Psoriatic Arthritis and Treated with Certolizumab Pegol.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The product of physician's global assessment and body surface area (PGAxBSA) to assess psoriasis severity has previously been investigated in patients with psoriasis, with the aim of assessing PGAxBSA as an alternative to the time-consuming Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI). Here, we investigate PGAxBSA as an alternative to PASI in patients with psoriatic arthritis (PsA)., METHODS: Analyses used data from the double-blind, placebo-controlled, RAPID-PsA trial (NCT01087788) that investigated the efficacy of certolizumab pegol (CZP) in patients with PsA. Outcomes assessed whether the PGAxBSA and PASI results were comparable, and whether these outcomes correlated with one another or with the Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI)., RESULTS: For CZP-treated patients, both PGAxBSA and PASI demonstrated similar sensitivities to treatment between baseline and Week 24, with mean improvements of 77.4% and 69.0%, respectively. Similar improvements were also seen with placebo (PGAxBSA: 3.2%, PASI: 6.1%). Achievement of 75% response criterion in PGAxBSA and PASI was attained by similar proportions of patients with CZP (PGAxBSA75: 59.0%, PASI75: 61.4%) and placebo (PGA x BSA75: 15.1%, PASI75: 15.1%). Cross tabulations showed high concordance between achievement of response outcomes in PGAxBSA and PASI (79.6-95.2%). Spearman correlations revealed strong correlations between PGAxBSA and PASI at baseline (r = 0.78; n = 225) and percentage improvement to Week 24 (r = 0.85; n = 186). Both outcomes were only moderately correlated with DLQI (r = 0.41-0.50; n = 179-249)., CONCLUSION: PGAxBSA is sensitive to changes in skin manifestations in patients with PsA treated with CZP. Further, PGAxBSA correlates strongly with PASI, and achievement of 75% improvement was similar for PGAxBSA and PASI.
Anxiety and depression in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis and comparison of change from baseline after treatment with guselkumab vs. adalimumab: results from the Phase 3 VOYAGE 2 study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Anxiety and depression are clinically significant comorbidities associated with psoriasis. Improvements in psoriasis are known to decrease anxiety and depression. Guselkumab, an anti-interleukin-23 monoclonal antibody, has demonstrated efficacy and safety for the treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis., OBJECTIVE: Assess improvements in anxiety and depression with guselkumab vs. placebo and adalimumab using the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS)., METHODS: In VOYAGE 2, a Phase 3, randomized, double-blind, placebo- and adalimumab-controlled study, patients received placebo (through week 16 followed by crossover to guselkumab), guselkumab, or adalimumab through week 24. HADS consists of two subscales measuring anxiety (HADS-A) and depression (HADS-D), with scores ranging from 0 to 21 and higher scores indicating more severe symptoms. Scores >=8 indicate instrument-defined anxiety or depression. Severity of psoriasis was assessed using the Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI)., RESULTS: Among 989 patients randomized (with baseline HADS measurements), mean HADS-A and HADS-D scores were 6.8 +/- 4.2 and 5.3 +/- 4.2, respectively; 38.6% of patients reported HADS-A >=8 and 27.7% HADS-D >=8 at baseline. At week 16, a significantly greater proportion of guselkumab patients with baseline HADS-A or HADS-D >=8 reported HADS-A <8 (51.4% vs. 25.9%; P < 0.001) or HADS-D <8 (59.2% vs. 27.0%; P < 0.001) vs. placebo patients. At week 24, a greater proportion of guselkumab patients with baseline HADS-A or HADS-D >=8 reported HADS-A <8 (58.4% vs. 42.9%; P = 0.028) or HADS-D <8 (59.8% vs. 46.4%; P = 0.079) vs. adalimumab patients. PASI improvements correlated with improvement in anxiety (r = 0.27; P < 0.0001) and depression (r = 0.25; P < 0.0001) scores in patients with baseline HADS-A or HADS-D >=8. Greater improvements in HADS were also observed at week 16 in guselkumab-treated patients vs. placebo using a more stringent cut-off of HADS >=11., CONCLUSION: Guselkumab treatment was associated with greater improvements in symptoms of anxiety and depression scores in patients with psoriasis compared with placebo and adalimumab. Copyright © 2018 European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
Efficacy and safety of faecal microbiota transplantation in patients with psoriatic arthritis: protocol for a 6-month, double-blind, randomised, placebo-controlled trial.$$$ INTRODUCTION: An unbalanced intestinal microbiota may mediate activation of the inflammatory pathways seen in psoriatic arthritis (PsA). A randomised, placebo-controlled trial of faecal microbiota transplantation (FMT) infused into the small intestine of patients with PsA with active peripheral disease who are non-responsive to methotrexate (MTX) treatment will be conducted. The objective is to explore clinical aspects associated with FMT performed in patients with PsA., METHODS AND ANALYSIS: This trial is a randomised, two-centre stratified, double-blind (patient, care provider and outcome assessor), placebo-controlled, parallel-group study. Eighty patients will be included and randomised (1:1) to either placebo (saline) or FMT provided from an anonymous healthy donor. Throughout the study, both groups will continue the weekly self-administered subcutaneous MTX treatment, remaining on the preinclusion dosage (15-25 mg/week). The clinical measures of psoriasis and PsA disease activity used include the Short (2-page) Health Assessment Questionnaire, the Dermatology Quality of Life Index, the Spondyloarthritis Research Consortium of Canada Enthesitis Index, the Psoriasis Area Severity Index, a dactylitis digit count, a swollen/tender joint count (66/68), plasma C reactive protein as well as visual analogue scales for pain, fatigue and patient and physician global assessments. The primary end point is the proportion of patients who experience treatment failure during the 6-month trial period. The number of adverse events will be registered throughout the study., ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: This is a proof-of-concept clinical trial and will be performed in agreement with Good Clinical Practice standards. Approvals have been obtained from the local Ethics Committee (DK-S-20150080) and the Danish Data Protection Agency (15/41684). The study has commenced in May 2017. Dissemination will be through presentations at national and international conferences and through publications in international peer-reviewed journal(s)., TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NCT03058900; Pre-results. Copyright © Article author(s) (or their employer(s) unless otherwise stated in the text of the article) 2018. All rights reserved. No commercial use is permitted unless otherwise expressly granted.
Randomized, controlled study of bleselumab (ASKP1240) pharmacokinetics and safety in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.$$$ This study evaluated the pharmacokinetics (PK), efficacy, safety, and tolerability of bleselumab - a fully-human anti-CD40 monoclonal recombinant IgG4. Patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis were randomized on day 1 to receive bleselumab or placebo on days 1, 15 and 29 in a dose-escalation of bleselumab at 0.1, 0.3, 1.0 or 3.0 mg/kg. The safety-analysis set (SAF) and full-analysis set (FAS) included all patients who received bleselumab or placebo, and the PK-analysis set (PKAS) included patients in the SAF with >=1 quantifiable serum bleselumab concentration. Serial blood samples were collected after each dose, and the bleselumab serum concentration was measured. After each dose, the area-under-the-concentration-time curve over 336 hours (AUC336 ) and the maximum serum concentration (Cmax ), and dose proportionality of AUC336 and Cmax were determined. The psoriasis area and severity index (PASI) score, the physician static global assessment (PSGA) score, the percentage body surface area (%BSA) affected with psoriasis, adverse events and laboratory parameters were assessed. Sixty patients were randomized and included in the SAF/FAS (bleselumab, n = 49; placebo, n = 11); 48 formed the PKAS. Bleselumab Cmax and AUC336 were more than dose proportional in the range 0.1-3.0 mg/kg, suggesting nonlinear PK after single/multiple doses. No clinically significant infusion reactions, cytokine-release syndrome, or thromboembolic events were reported. Bleselumab did not improve the PASI scores, PSGA scores, or %BSA versus placebo. Transient elevation of alanine aminotransferase and aspartate aminotransferase levels by >3 x upper limit of normal were observed in four (8.2%) and two (4.1%) patients, respectively, in the 1.0 or 3.0 mg/kg groups. Patients with liver function test increases had no concurrent changes in bilirubin. Bleselumab demonstrated nonlinear PK after single and multiple doses, with few adverse reactions. Copyright © 2018 The Authors Biopharmaceutics & Drug Disposition Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Effects of etanercept on the patient-perceived results (PROs) in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: systematic review of the literature and meta-analysis.$$$ PURPOSE: To evaluate the efficacy of etanercept (ETN) compared with placebo for moderate-to-severe psoriasis regarding patient-reported outcomes (PROs)., METHODS: Systematic review of studies retrieved by a sensitive search strategy in Medline, Embase, Cochrane Library., SELECTION CRITERIA: (population) studies had to include patients with for moderate-to-severe psoriasis; (intervention and control) studies had to test ETN vs. placebo; and (outcomes), studies had to report PROs including quality of life, pain, pruritus, or sleep. Only randomized controlled trials (RCT) were included. Two reviewers independently selected the articles and collected data. Studies quality was assessed using the Jadad score. For the meta-analysis, a random effects model was followed and statistical heterogeneity was tested with statistic I2., RESULTS: We finally included 12 RCT. Compared with placebo, ETN significantly improved quality of life, patient global assessment, pruritus and pain in the short and medium term, fatigue in the short term (although the effect size and differences with placebo are unclear). ETN also produces a high patient's satisfaction, which increases over time and is higher compared with placebo and might improve depressive symptoms in the long term., CONCLUSIONS: ETN is an effective option for improving PROs in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis.
Certolizumab pegol for the treatment of chronic plaque psoriasis: Results through 48 weeks of a phase 3, multicenter, randomized, double-blind, etanercept- and placebo-controlled study (CIMPACT).$$$ BACKGROUND: Phase 2 psoriasis studies with the Fc-free, PEGylated, anti-tumor necrosis factor biologic certolizumab pegol demonstrated meaningful clinical activity., OBJECTIVE: Assess safety and efficacy of certolizumab in adults with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis., METHODS: Patients were randomized 3:3:1:3 to certolizumab 400 mg, certolizumab 200 mg, or placebo every 2 weeks for 16 weeks or etanercept 50 mg twice weekly for 12 weeks. Certolizumab-treated patients achieving a >=75% reduction in Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) at week 16 from baseline PASI were rerandomized to certolizumab or placebo for 32 weeks. The primary endpoint was responder rate (>=75% reduction in PASI from baseline PASI) versus placebo (primary analysis) and etanercept (secondary analysis) at week 12; secondary endpoints included responder rates on various measures versus placebo at weeks 12, 16, and 48. Safety was assessed by treatment-emergent adverse events., RESULTS: All endpoints were significantly greater for certolizumab versus placebo with the greatest response seen with 400 mg. Certolizumab 400 mg was superior to and 200 mg was noninferior to etanercept. Adverse events were consistent with the anti-tumor necrosis factor class of drugs., LIMITATIONS: Etanercept was administered by unblinded study staff or self-administered, but efficacy assessments were performed by a blinded assessor., CONCLUSION: Both certolizumab regimens improved psoriasis symptoms, with a greater response seen with the higher dose. No new safety signals were observed. Copyright © 2018 American Academy of Dermatology, Inc. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Certolizumab pegol for the treatment of chronic plaque psoriasis: Results through 48 weeks from 2 phase 3, multicenter, randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled studies (CIMPASI-1 and CIMPASI-2).$$$ BACKGROUND: Certolizumab pegol, the only Fc-free, PEGylated anti-tumor necrosis factor biologic, demonstrated clinically meaningful improvements suggestive of a positive risk-benefit balance in phase 2 studies in adults with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis., OBJECTIVE: Assess certolizumab efficacy and safety versus placebo in phase 3 studies., METHODS: Patients with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis were randomized 2:2:1 to certolizumab 400 mg, certolizumab 200 mg, or placebo every 2 weeks. At week 16, certolizumab-treated patients achieving a 50% reduction in Psoriasis Area and Severity Index continued treatment through week 48. Coprimary endpoints were week 16 responder rates, defined as a 75% reduction in Psoriasis Area and Severity Index and Physician's Global Assessment 0/1 (clear/almost clear) and >=2-point improvement. Safety was assessed by treatment-emergent adverse events., RESULTS: Week-16 endpoints were significantly greater for both doses of certolizumab versus placebo, and the responses were maintained through week 48. For most measures, improvement was numerically greater for certolizumab 400 mg. No unexpected safety signals were identified., LIMITATION: There was no active comparator., CONCLUSION: Treatment with either certolizumab 400 mg or 200 mg every 2 weeks was associated with significant and clinically meaningful improvements in moderate-to-severe psoriasis. The 400-mg dose could provide additional clinical benefit. The safety profile was consistent with the therapeutic class. Copyright © 2018 American Academy of Dermatology, Inc. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Improvement of depressive symptoms in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis treated with ustekinumab: an open label trial validated using beck depression inventory, Hamilton depression rating scale measures and 18fluorodeoxyglucose (FDG) positron emission tomography (PET).$$$ BACKGROUND: Psoriasis is a chronic skin disease associated with psychiatric co-morbidities, especially depression. Early detection of psychological vulnerability in patients with psoriasis seems to be of great clinical importance and significantly impacts the quality of life of the patients., OBJECTIVES: We sought to clarify the association between psoriasis and depressive symptoms in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis, and to determine the risk factors for depressive symptoms and analyze the effect of ustekinumab on the symptoms. We also aimed to evaluate the changes in glucose metabolism using 18fluorodeoxyglucose (FDG) positron emission tomography (FDG-PET)., METHODS: Fifteen patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis scheduled to be treated with ustekinumab were enrolled. At baseline and after achieving a 75% reduction in the Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) score (PASI75), all patients underwent a psychiatric interview and FDG-PET. Fifteen healthy volunteers were enrolled for comparison., RESULTS: Patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis were more depressed than those in the control group were (p < .05). The severity of psoriasis at baseline did not correlate with the depression symptoms. Treatment with ustekinumab significantly reduced the depressive symptoms, as verified using Beck Depression Inventory and Hamilton Depression Rating Scale psychiatric interviews (p < .05). However, FDG-PET of the brain showed no significant difference before and after PASI75 achievement using ustekinumab injection., CONCLUSIONS: Patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis are at an increased risk for depressive symptoms, and treatment with ustekinumab may be beneficial. FDG-PET does not reflect the changes in depressive symptoms in such patients.
Efficacy and safety of ixekizumab over 4 years of open-label treatment in a phase 2 study in chronic plaque psoriasis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Ixekizumab has demonstrated improvement in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis by selectively targeting interleukin-17A, which is a proinflammatory cytokine that is important in the pathogenesis of psoriasis., OBJECTIVE: To report 4-year efficacy and safety results from the open-label extension (OLE) of this phase 2 trial., METHODS: Analysis was by last observation carried forward. Patients received ixekizumab, 120 mg, and then 80 mg subcutaneously once every 4 weeks., RESULTS: Of the patients who completed the randomized placebo-controlled trial, 93% entered the OLE. A 75% reduction in the Psoriasis Area Severity Index score was reported in 82% of patients at week 208 of the OLE. A static Physician's Global Assessment score of 0 or 1 was reported in 64% of patients, and a score of 0 was reported in 45% at week 208. Patients' Dermatology Life Quality Index and Itch Visual Analog Scale scores decreased when compared with baseline. Improvements were observed in other efficacy and health outcome measures. Serious adverse events were observed in 16.7% of patients, and 87% had 1 or more treatment-emergent adverse events. Three patients had serious infections. One patient reported 2 major cardiovascular events., LIMITATIONS: The study was unblinded and lacked a placebo or active comparator., CONCLUSIONS: Efficacy was shown to be maintained for up to 4 years of ixekizumab treatment. Copyright © 2018 American Academy of Dermatology, Inc. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Secukinumab treatment in new-onset psoriasis: aiming to understand the potential for disease modification - rationale and design of the randomized, multicenter STEPIn study.$$$ BACKGROUND: To date, biological treatments have been assessed in subjects with a long-term history of psoriasis and previous failures to systemic and topical therapies. In rheumatoid arthritis and other immune-mediated inflammatory diseases, early intensive systemic treatment prolongs treatment-free remission. We hypothesize that, by treating patients with psoriasis early with an effective systemic therapy, we may be able to alter the clinical outcome and the natural course of the disease. The STEPIn study (NCT03020199) investigates early intervention with secukinumab versus narrow-band ultraviolet B (nb-UVB) phototherapy in subjects with new-onset psoriasis., OBJECTIVE: To determine whether early intervention with either nb-UVB treatment or secukinumab in subjects with new-onset plaque psoriasis might modify the natural course of the disease., METHODS: One hundred and sixty subjects aged 18-50 years with new-onset (<=12 months) moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis and naive to systemic treatment and phototherapy will be randomized to secukinumab 300 mg or nb-UVB. The Main Study has two treatment arms: Arm A1, subcutaneous secukinumab 300 mg at baseline, Weeks 1, 2, 3 and 4, and every 4 weeks thereafter until and including Week 52; Arm B1, one/two cycles of nb-UVB for 12 weeks each (maximum 28-week break between cycles). After treatment discontinuation, patients will be followed up and monitored for disease activity up to Week 208. A Mechanistic Sub-study will assess immunological changes and pathogenic tissue-resident memory T cells in skin biopsies., CONCLUSIONS: STEPIn is the first study to investigate whether early intensive treatment in new-onset psoriasis can modify the long-term natural course of the disease and thus become a novel treatment strategy for patients with psoriasis. Copyright © 2018 European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
Role of Methotrexate in the Management of Psoriatic Arthritis.$$$ Methotrexate is known to be safe and efficacious in the management of rheumatoid arthritis and psoriasis and thus has been used for the management of psoriatic arthritis despite a lack of evidence to support efficacy in psoriatic arthritis from randomized controlled trials. Although the largest randomized trial to date did not support its use as a disease-modifying therapy, observational studies have supported its role, and current treatment recommendations approve of its use as a first-line agent for the management of psoriatic arthritis with predominant peripheral arthritis. The first treat-to-target study in psoriatic arthritis, comparing tight control with standard care, has shown the efficacy of methotrexate as monotherapy in the first 12 weeks. This trial demonstrated the effectiveness of methotrexate with improvement in peripheral arthritis, skin and nail disease, enthesitis, and dactylitis over the course of 12 weeks. There is conflicting evidence about the role of combination (concomitant methotrexate and anti-tumor necrosis factor) therapy. However, drug survival and immunogenicity of certain anti-tumor necrosis factors seem to be better when used in combination with methotrexate. This report reviews the available evidence on the efficacy and effectiveness of methotrexate in psoriatic arthritis and its role in treating psoriatic arthritis to target, as well as in combination with biologic agents. Ideally, randomized placebo-controlled clinical trials evaluating methotrexate (using subcutaneous route of delivery) would provide much-needed clarity on the role of methotrexate in the management of psoriatic arthritis; however, issues around using a placebo in patients with active psoriatic arthritis may render such a trial unfeasible.
Dual neutralization of both interleukin 17A and interleukin 17F with bimekizumab in patients with psoriasis: Results from BE ABLE 1, a 12-week randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled phase 2b trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Neutralizing interleukin (IL) 17F in addition to IL-17A might provide a more complete and specific approach to inhibiting inflammation., OBJECTIVE: Assess the efficacy and safety of bimekizumab, a monoclonal antibody that potently and selectively neutralizes IL-17A and IL-17F, in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis., METHODS: Double-blinded, placebo-controlled phase 2b study (NCT02905006). Patients (randomized 1:1:1:1:1:1) received subcutaneous bimekizumab every 4 weeks at doses of 64 mg, 160 mg, 160 mg with 320 mg loading dose, 320 mg, 480 mg, or placebo. Primary endpoint was >=90% reduction in Psoriasis Area Severity Index (PASI90) at week 12., RESULTS: There was a significant (P < .0001) dose-dependent response for PASI90 (week 12); more patients achieved PASI90 in the bimekizumab groups (46.2%-79.1%) than patients in the placebo group (0%; P < .0001 all doses). Across all doses, there were significant improvements from baseline for all secondary endpoints (PASI90 week 8, PASI75 week 12, PASI100 week 12, and Investigators Global Assessment clear or almost clear weeks 8 and 12; P <= .0003) compared with placebo. More bimekizumab-treated patients than placebo-treated patients achieved PASI100 (week 12) (27.9%-60.0% vs 0%; P <= .0002 all doses). Treatment-emergent adverse events were reported by 126 of 208 (61%) bimekizumab-treated patients and 15 of 42 (36%) placebo-treated patients., LIMITATIONS: No active comparator., CONCLUSION: Dual neutralization of IL-17A and IL-17F with bimekizumab provided rapid and substantial clinical improvements in patients with psoriasis, with no unexpected or dose-related safety findings. Copyright © 2018 American Academy of Dermatology, Inc. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Curcumin nanoparticles potentiate therapeutic effectiveness of acitrein in moderate-to-severe psoriasis patients and control serum cholesterol levels.$$$ OBJECTIVES: In this study, nanoparticles of curcumin were developed and orally administered to moderate-to-severe psoriasis (Psoriasis Area Severity Index values, PASI > 10) patients, in a placebo controlled, double blind, randomised clinical trial to evaluate the effectiveness., METHODS: Diverse binary systems of curcumin and hydrophilic polymers were investigated to optimise solubility and stability in terms of curcumin residual content and size of the crystals. Nanocrystals of curcumin stabilised with PVP (1 : 0.5, w/w), were characterised using X-ray diffraction, differential scanning calorimetry, TEM analyses and stability studies. The formulation was evaluated with a parallel artificial membrane permeability assay to predict the passive intestinal absorption. The first group of patients was treated orally with acitretin (0.4 mg/kg per day) plus nanocurcumin (3 g/day), the second group with acitretin, for 12 weeks., KEY FINDINGS: Curcumin nanoparticles were homogeneous and stable systems. Curcumin permeability was significantly enhanced when compared with aqueous saturated solution of curcumin. The reduction in PASI was significantly higher in patients treated with curcumin (P < 0.0001) and cholesterol serum levels remained unchanged in patients treated with acitretin plus nanocurcumin., CONCLUSIONS: Curcumin nanoparticles represent an effective adjuvant therapy in moderate-to-severe psoriasis patients treated with oral acitretin, improving their lipid serum profile. Copyright © 2018 Royal Pharmaceutical Society.
Comparison of Drug Discontinuation, Effectiveness, and Safety Between Clinical Trial Eligible and Ineligible Patients in BADBIR.$$$ Importance: Patients with psoriasis enrolled in clinical trials of biologics may not be representative of the real-world population. There is evidence that patients ineligible for such trials have a greater risk of serious adverse events (SAEs), but the effect on drug discontinuation and effectiveness are unknown., Objective: To determine whether (1) drug discontinuation, (2) effectiveness, and (3) rates of SAEs differ in patients with psoriasis categorized as eligible or ineligible for clinical trials., Design, Setting, and Participants: An observational study using 157 dermatology centers in the United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland was carried out wherein we applied the eligibility criteria of clinical trials of biologic therapies for psoriasis to patients who were being followed up in the British Association of Dermatologists Biologic Interventions Register (BADBIR) and being prescribed biologics as part of standard clinical care. Patients with psoriasis registered to BADBIR who were taking etanercept (enbrel only; n = 1509), adalimumab (n = 4000), and ustekinumab (n = 1627) with at least 1 follow-up visit. Eligibility criteria were extracted from phase 3 licensing trials for etanercept, adalimumab, and ustekinumab for the treatment of moderate to severe psoriasis. Patients in BADBIR with a missing baseline Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) or baseline PASI value less than 10 (etanercept) or less than 12 (adalimumab; ustekinumab) but who would otherwise be eligible were investigated separately. Eligibility categories applied to BADBIR included: eligible, ineligible, insufficient baseline PASI only, and missing baseline PASI only., Main Outcomes and Measures: (1) Drug discontinuation: cumulative incidence at 12 months by stop reason per eligibility category and drug; (2) effectiveness: linear regression of absolute change in PASI from baseline to 6 and 12 months; and (3) SAEs: incidence rate ratio (IRR) at 12 months between eligibility categories per drug., Results: The mean (SD) age of the 7136 patients included in the analysis was 45 (13) years and 2924 (41%) were women and 4212 (59%) were men. Of 7136 patients, 839 (56%) etanercept, 2219 (56%) adalimumab, and 754 (46%) ustekinumab registrations were categorized as eligible. The most common reasons for ineligibility were diabetes (etanercept, 143 [9%]; ustekinumab, 201 [12%]) and nonchronic plaque psoriasis (adalimumab, 157 [4%]). Patients categorized as ineligible (etanercept, 367 [24%]; adalimumab, 282 [7%]; ustekinumab, 394 [24%]) achieved a smaller absolute change in PASI after 6 and 12 months (adalimumab, ustekinumab), and had significantly higher rates of SAEs compared with the eligible category (etanercept: IRR, 1.9; 95% CI, 1.4-2.6; adalimumab: IRR, 2.0; 95% CI, 1.5-2.6; ustekinumab: IRR, 2.8; 95% CI, 2.1-3.8). No significant differences in drug discontinuation were observed between categories., Conclusions and Relevance: Clinical trial effectiveness and safety outcomes are not representative of real-world patients in BADBIR patients categorized as ineligible for such trials.
Evaluation of sPGA x BSA as an Outcome Measure and Treatment Target for Clinical Practice.$$$ Clinical outcome measures are becoming more important in psoriasis treatment. Reliable and standardized measures of severity feasible for clinical practice are needed. Our objective was to investigate body surface area (BSA) and the product of BSA and static Physician Global Assessment (sPGA) (ie, BSA x sPGA) as potential proxy measures for PASI scores. Data were pooled from three multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, phase 3 trials of ixekizumab in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis (UNCOVER-1, -2, -3; N = 3,866). Assessments included the Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI), BSA, and BSA x sPGA. Rank correlations between BSA x sPGA and PASI were stronger than between BSA and PASI (baseline, r = 0.759 vs. r = 0.707; week 12, r = 0.959 vs. r = 0.924). Week 12 concordance rates with PASI responses were as follows: for 75% reduction in PASI: BSA, 86.2%; BSA x sPGA, 93.8%; for 90% reduction in PASI: BSA, 86.9%; BSA x sPGA, 88.2%. The 75% reduction in PASI positive and negative predictive values were higher for BSA x sPGA versus BSA; for 90% reduction in PASI, positive predictive value was lower and negative predictive value was higher for BSA x sPGA versus BSA. Receiver operating characteristic curve analyses identified the most accurate percentage changes in BSA and BSA x sPGA as 66% and 83% for a 75% reduction in PASI cutoff and 84% and 94% for a 90% reduction in PASI, respectively. These results suggest that BSA and BSA x sPGA are viable tools for use as a PASI proxy by real-world practitioners and may be appropriate measurements for use in clinical practice for treat-to-target strategies. Copyright © 2018 Eli Lilly and Company. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Dimethyl fumarate (DMF) vs. monoethyl fumarate (MEF) salts for the treatment of plaque psoriasis: a review of clinical data.$$$ Fumarates (fumaric acid esters, FAEs) are orally administered systemic agents used for the treatment of psoriasis and multiple sclerosis. In 1994, a proprietary combination of FAEs was licensed for psoriasis by the German Drug Administration for use within Germany. Since then, fumarates have been established as one of the most commonly used treatments for moderate-to-severe psoriasis in Germany and other countries. The licensed FAE formulation contains dimethyl fumarate (DMF), as well as calcium, zinc, and magnesium salts of monoethyl fumarate (MEF). While the clinical efficacy of this FAE mixture is well established, the combination of esters on which it is based, and its dosing regimen, was determined empirically. Since the mid-1990s, the modes of action and contribution of the different FAEs to their overall therapeutic effect in psoriasis, as well as their adverse event profile, have been investigated in more detail. In this article, the available clinical data for DMF are reviewed and compared with data for the other FAEs. The current evidence substantiates that DMF is the main active compound, via its metabolic transformation to monomethyl fumarate (MMF). A recent phase III randomized and placebo-controlled trial including more than 700 patients demonstrated therapeutic equivalence when comparing the licensed FAE combination with DMF alone, in terms of psoriasis clearance according to the Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) and Physician's Global Assessment (PGA). Thus, DMF as monotherapy for the treatment of psoriasis is as efficacious as in combination with MEF, making the addition of such fumarate derivatives unnecessary.
Risk of fragility fracture among patients with late-onset psoriasis: a UK population-based study.$$$ This study aimed to examine fracture risk in patients with late-onset psoriasis. A cohort study was conducted using primary care records from the Clinical Practice Research Datalink. Psoriasis patients had a 10% increased risk of fracture compared to matched controls (hazard ratio (HR) = 1.10; 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.04, 1.16)., INTRODUCTION: This study aimed to examine fracture risk in patients with late-onset psoriasis and investigate the effect of methotrexate on fracture risk., METHODS: A cohort study was conducted using primary care records from the UK-based Clinical Practice Research Datalink. Individuals aged 40 years and over, with incident (new onset) diagnoses of psoriasis, were identified from 1990 to 2004 and followed up until 2015. For each exposed individual, up to four age-, gender-, and practice-matched controls were randomly selected. Incidence rates of fragility fracture (hip, vertebral, spine, radius or unspecified site) per 10,000 person-years were calculated and hazard rates were compared to the unexposed using Cox regression models. The risk of fracture was also estimated, within the exposed group for patients receiving/not receiving methotrexate., RESULTS: Twenty-four thousand two hundred nineteen patients with psoriasis and 94,820 controls were identified. The absolute rate of fracture in psoriasis patients was 58 per 10,000 person-years (95% CI 55, 61) and 53 per 10,000 person-years in the matched controls (CI 52, 54). Psoriasis patients had a 10% increased risk of fracture compared to their matched controls (HR = 1.10; 95% CI 1.04, 1.16). Methotrexate use was not associated with increased risk (HR = 0.91; 95% CI 0.72, 1.15)., CONCLUSIONS: Identifying additional clinical factors associated with increased fracture risk is important in improving fracture risk stratification. Further work is needed to determine the relationship between age of onset of psoriasis and fracture risk, explore causative explanations, and identify if existing fracture risk stratification tools underestimate fracture risk in patients with psoriasis.
Brodalumab: A Review of Safety.$$$ Interleukin (IL)-17 is important in the pathophysiology of psoriasis and has proven to be an effective therapeutic target. Brodalumab, the third commercially available IL-17 antagonist, was approved by the US FDA in February 2017 for the treatment of moderate-tosevere plaque psoriasis. As brodalumab enters the marketplace, it is imperative to investigate its safety profile. We conducted a safety assessment of brodalumab using publically available adverse event data from phase II and III clinical trials. The most common adverse events were nasopharyngitis, upper respiratory tract infection, and candidiasis. The FDA issued a black box warning after six patients treated with brodalumab across four clinical trials committed suicide, but no causal relationship was identified. Current evidence suggests a similar safety profile for brodalumab compared to other IL-17 antagonists used to treat moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
Longitudinal Study of the Psoriasis-Associated Skin Microbiome during Therapy with Ustekinumab in a Randomized Phase 3b Clinical Trial.$$$ Plaque psoriasis, a chronic inflammatory disease primarily affecting the skin, is thought to have a multifactorial etiology, including innate immune system dysregulation, environmental triggers, and genetic susceptibility. We sought to further understand the role of skin microbiota in psoriasis pathogenesis, as well as their response to therapy. We systematically analyzed dynamic microbiota colonizing psoriasis lesions and adjacent nonlesional skin in 114 patients prior to and during ustekinumab treatment in a phase 3b clinical trial. By sequencing the bacterial 16S ribosomal RNA gene from skin swab samples obtained at six anatomical sites, we identified minor, site-specific differences in microbial diversity and composition between pretreatment lesional and nonlesional skin. During therapy, microbial communities within lesional and nonlesional skin diverged, and body-site dispersion increased, reflecting microbial skin site-specificity. Microbiota demonstrated greater pretreatment heterogeneity in psoriatic lesions than in nonlesional skin, and variance increased as treatment progressed. Microbiota colonizing recurrent lesions did not overlap with pretreatment lesional microbiota, suggesting colonization patterns varied between initial and recurrent psoriatic lesions. While plaque psoriasis does not appear to be associated with specific microbes and/or microbial diversity, this large dataset provides insight into microbial variation associated with (i) disease in different body locations, (ii) initial versus recurrent lesions, and (iii) anti-IL12/23 therapy. Copyright © 2018 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Secukinumab improves active psoriatic arthritis symptoms and inhibits radiographic progression: primary results from the randomised, double-blind, phase III FUTURE 5 study.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the effect of subcutaneous (s.c.) secukinumab, an interleukin-17A inhibitor, on clinical signs and symptoms and radiographic progression in patients with psoriatic arthritis (PsA)., METHODS: Adults (n=996) with active PsA were randomised 2:2:2:3 to s.c. secukinumab 300 mg or 150 mg with loading dose (LD), 150 mg without LD or placebo. All groups received secukinumab or placebo at baseline, weeks 1, 2 and 3 and then every 4 weeks from week 4. The primary endpoint was the proportion of patients achieving an American College of Rheumatology 20 (ACR20) response at week 16., RESULTS: Significantly more patients achieved an ACR20 response at week 16 with secukinumab 300 mg with LD (62.6%), 150 mg with LD (55.5%) or 150 mg without LD (59.5%) than placebo (27.4%) (p<0.0001 for all; non-responder imputation). Radiographic progression, as measured by van der Heijde-modified total Sharp score, was significantly inhibited at week 24 in all secukinumab arms versus placebo (p<0.01 for 300 mg with LD and 150 mg without LD and p<0.05 for 150 mg with LD; linear extrapolation). Adverse event rates at week 24 were similar across treatment arms: 63.1% (300 mg with LD), 62.7% (150 mg with LD), 61.1% (150 mg without LD) and 62.0% (placebo). No deaths or new safety signals were reported., CONCLUSION: S.c. secukinumab 300 mg and 150 mg with and without LD significantly improved clinical signs and symptoms and inhibited radiographic structural progression versus placebo at week 24 in patients with PsA., TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NCT02404350; Results. Copyright © Article author(s) (or their employer(s) unless otherwise stated in the text of the article) 2018. All rights reserved. No commercial use is permitted unless otherwise expressly granted.
A comprehensive evaluation of exposure-response relationships in clinical trials: application to support guselkumab dose selection for patients with psoriasis.$$$ Guselkumab, a human IgG1 monoclonal antibody that blocks interleukin-23, has been evaluated in one Phase 2 and two Phase 3 trials in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis, in which disease severity was assessed using Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) and Investigator's Global Assessment (IGA) scores. Through the application of landmark and longitudinal exposure-response (E-R) modeling analyses, we sought to predict the guselkumab dose-response (D-R) relationship using data from 1459 patients who participated in these trials. A recently developed novel latent-variable Type I Indirect Response joint model was applied to PASI75/90/100 and IGA response thresholds, with placebo effect empirically modeled. An effect of body weight on E-R, independent of pharmacokinetics, was identified. Thorough landmark analyses also were implemented using the same dataset. The E-R models were combined with a population pharmacokinetic model to generate D-R predictions. The relative merits of longitudinal and landmark analysis also are discussed. The results provide a comprehensive and robust evaluation of the D-R relationship.
Ixekizumab treatment shows a neutral impact on cardiovascular parameters in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: Results from UNCOVER-1, UNCOVER-2, and UNCOVER-3.$$$ BACKGROUND: The impact of ixekizumab treatment for psoriasis on cardiovascular-related parameters in patients is unknown., OBJECTIVE: To investigate cardiovascular-related parameters in patients with psoriasis treated with ixekizumab., METHODS: In phase 3 trials, patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis were randomized and treated with placebo, ixekizumab, or etanercept during the induction period (weeks 0-12; UNCOVER-1, UNCOVER-2, and UNCOVER-3). At week 12, responders were rerandomized to receive placebo or ixekizumab through the maintenance period (weeks 12-60; UNCOVER-1 and UNCOVER-2). Laboratory measures (fasting lipid profiles, glucose level, or high-sensitivity C-reactive protein [hsCRP] level), weight, blood pressure, and electrocardiograms were obtained through 60 weeks., RESULTS: Baseline parameters were within normal ranges with the exception of elevated triglyceride and hsCRP levels. After maintenance dosing, no significant changes were observed versus placebo for total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, very-low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglyceride, apolipoprotein A1, apolipoprotein B, or fasting glucose levels or for systolic/diastolic blood pressure at 60 weeks. Importantly, low-density lipoprotein-to-high-density lipoprotein ratios remained stable during the induction and maintenance periods. HsCRP concentrations were significantly reduced versus placebo at 12 weeks and remained reduced at 60 weeks, although not significantly. Although transient changes were observed for some parameters during the induction period, these changes did not persist into the maintenance period., LIMITATIONS: A lack of echocardiogram evaluations., CONCLUSIONS: Ixekizumab had a neutral impact on cardiovascular-related parameters in patients with psoriasis. Copyright © 2018 American Academy of Dermatology, Inc. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Intramatricial injections for nail psoriasis: An open-label comparative study of triamcinolone, methotrexate, and cyclosporine.$$$ BACKGROUND: One of the most effective options available for treating psoriatic fingernails is intramatricial injection of triamcinolone acetonide. Efficacies of intramatricial methotrexate and cyclosporine have not been comparatively evaluated to date., METHODS: Ninety fingernails in 17 patients were assigned to three groups of thirty nails each, and treated with intramatricial injections of triamcinolone acetonide (10 mg/ml), methotrexate (25 mg/ml) and cyclosporine (50 mg/ml) respectively. Each nail was given two injections with a 6-week interval, and graded at 24 weeks using the Nail Psoriasis Severity Index., RESULTS: In both triamcinolone acetonide and methotrexate groups, 15 (50%) nails out of 30 showed >75% improvement. In the cyclosporine group, only ten (33%) nails showed >75% improvement. Side effects were most in the nails treated with cyclosporine., LIMITATIONS: The limited follow-up period of 24 weeks may have been insufficient for detecting delayed remissions. The number of patients was small and there was no randomization or blinding. The lack of a placebo/ no- treatment arm can be considered a limitation., CONCLUSIONS: Amongst the three drugs studied, intramatricial methotrexate injection yielded the most improvement with minimum side effects, results being comparable to intramatricial triamcinolone acetonide injection. Cyclosporine was the least effective drug, with the most side effects. Intramatricial injection therapy is a safe, economical, simple and effective therapeutic modality in the management of nail psoriasis.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the efficacy and safety of the interleukin (IL)-12/23 and IL-17 inhibitors ustekinumab, secukinumab, ixekizumab, brodalumab, guselkumab and tildrakizumab for the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To systematically analyze the efficacy and safety of interleukin (IL)-12/23, IL-17, and selective IL-23 inhibitors in moderate to severe plaque psoriasis., METHODS AND RESULTS: Twenty-four randomized placebo-controlled trials were included. Compared to placebo, risk ratios (RR) of achieving PASI-75 and PGA/IGA 0/1 respectively were 20.20 (95% CI 13.82-29.54, p < .00001) and 14.55 (10.42-20.31, p < .00001) for ustekinumab 90 mg, 13.75 (8.49-22.28, p < .00001) and 9.81 (5.70-16.89, p < .00001) for ustekinumab 45 mg, 17.65 (12.38-25.17, p < .00001) and 26.13 (16.05-42.53, p < .00001) for secukinumab 300 mg, 15.36 (10.76-21.94, p < .00001) and 20.91 (12.82-34.13, p < .00001) for secukinumab 150 mg, 18.22 (10.63-31.23, p < .000001) and 18.82 (10.36-34.16, p < .00001) for ixekizumab 80 mg every 4 weeks, 19.83 (11.07-35.52, p < .00001) and 20.41 (11.01-37.81, p < .00001) for ixekizumab 80 mg every 2 weeks, 14.79 (9.86-22.16, p < .00001) and 21.93 (15.52-31.01, p < .00001) for brodalumab 210 mg, 11.55 (7.77-17.18, p < .00001) and 16.59 (11.72-23.49, p < .00001) for brodalumab 140 mg, 12.40 (8.87-17.34, p < .00001) and 10.84 (7.91-14.85, p < .00001) for guselkumab 100 mg, 11.45 (7.45-17.58, p < .00001) and 10.97 (6.44-18.69, p < .00001) for tildrakizumab 200 mg, 11.02 (7.17-16.93, p < .00001) and 10.03 (6.45-15.59, p < .00001) for tildrakizumab 100 mg. Similar outcomes were seen for PASI-90. Safety was satisfactory for each therapy at any dose, but a slightly increased risk of withdrawal due to toxicity was observed in individuals receiving ixekizumab compared to placebo., CONCLUSION: Ustekinumab, secukinumab, ixekizumab, brodalumab, guselkumab, and tildrakizumab were highly efficacious and generally well-tolerated when used as treatments for moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
Is ustekinumab effective for psoriatic arthritis with insufficient response to initial treatment?.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory arthritis without a clear etiology. Biological therapy is key for its treatment, especially in more complex patients. There are several alternatives for biological treatment, but due to its high cost, it is important to evaluate their real effectiveness., METHODS: To answer this question we used Epistemonikos, the largest database of systematic reviews in health, which is maintained by screening multiple information sources, including MEDLINE, EMBASE, Cochrane, among others. We extracted data from the systematic reviews, reanalyzed data of primary studies, conducted a meta-analysis and generated a summary of findings table using the GRADE approach., RESULTS AND CONCLUSIONS: We identified 12 systematic reviews including three randomized trials overall. We concluded ustekinumab leads to clinical improvement in psoriatic arthritis, and probably is not associated to severe adverse effects.
Brodalumab: A Review in Moderate to Severe Plaque Psoriasis.$$$ Brodalumab (Kyntheum R) is a human anti-interleukin-17 receptor A (IL-17RA) monoclonal antibody available for use in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. In the phase III AMAGINE trials in this patient population, 12 weeks of induction therapy with subcutaneous brodalumab was superior to placebo in terms of the proportion of patients with >= 75% improvement in the Psoriasis Area and Severity Index score (PASI 75) and the proportion of patients with a static Physician Global Assessment score of 0 or 1. Brodalumab was also superior to ustekinumab for PASI 100 (i.e. complete skin clearance) at week 12. Health-related quality of life (HR-QOL) outcomes improved to a significantly greater extent with brodalumab than with placebo. Moreover, brodalumab was more effective than placebo in patients with difficult-to-treat nail or scalp psoriasis. Brodalumab was generally well tolerated, with low rates of immunogenicity. Efficacy was sustained and brodalumab remained well tolerated during up to 52 weeks of maintenance therapy. Thus, subcutaneous brodalumab is a useful addition to the treatment options currently available for patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
Improvement in itch and other psoriasis symptoms with brodalumab in phase 3 randomized controlled trials.$$$ BACKGROUND: Patients with psoriasis have lesional symptoms, including itch, which can reduce quality of life. The efficacy and safety of brodalumab, an interleukin-17 receptor A antagonist, in treating moderate-to-severe psoriasis have been reported in three randomized, controlled, phase 3 trials (AMAGINE-1/-2/-3)., OBJECTIVE: The effect of brodalumab on lesional symptoms was assessed using the psoriasis symptom inventory (PSI), a validated patient-reported instrument., METHODS: Patients were randomized to receive brodalumab (140 or 210 mg every 2 weeks [Q2W]), placebo (AMAGINE-1/-2/-3), or ustekinumab (AMAGINE-2/-3) during a 12-week induction phase, followed by a maintenance phase through week 52. Patients electronically rated the severity of PSI items (itch, burning, stinging, pain, redness, scaling, cracking and flaking) during the previous 24 h on a scale of 0 (not at all severe) to 4 (very severe). At each visit, the PSI total score responder status was assessed, with responders defined as having an average weekly total inventory score <=8 with no item score >1 at week 12., RESULTS: Across AMAGINE-1/-2/-3, brodalumab was associated with improvements in PSI total scores and itch scores vs. placebo from week 2 through week 12 (P < 0.001 in both domains). In AMAGINE-2/-3, brodalumab 210 mg Q2W demonstrated faster onset of PSI total score and itch responses (week 2, 22.1% and 36.4%, respectively) vs. ustekinumab (week 2, 6.9% and 17.1%, respectively) and was associated with improved itch responses vs. ustekinumab after 52 weeks of constant treatment., CONCLUSION: Brodalumab demonstrated rapid, robust improvements in symptoms assessed by the PSI, including itch, vs. placebo and ustekinumab. Copyright © 2018 European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
Patient-reported symptoms and signs of moderate-to-severe psoriasis treated with guselkumab or adalimumab: results from the randomized VOYAGE 1 trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: How patients experience the symptoms/signs of psoriasis is highly relevant for assessing treatment response., OBJECTIVES: Compare outcomes with guselkumab, placebo and adalimumab utilizing the novel, validated Psoriasis Symptoms and Signs Diary (PSSD)., METHODS: VOYAGE 1 is an ongoing, phase III, double-blinded, controlled trial of patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis. Patients were randomized to guselkumab 100 mg every 8 weeks; placebo-to-guselkumab 100 mg every 8 weeks; or adalimumab 40 mg every 2 weeks. The PSSD was self-administered to assess symptoms (i.e. itch, skin tightness, burning, stinging and pain) and signs (i.e. dryness, cracking, scaling, shedding/flaking, redness and bleeding) of psoriasis (0-10 [absent-to-worst-imaginable]) every 24 h. Symptom and sign summary scores were derived (0-100) based on average scores of the individual symptoms and signs. Proportions of patients with clinically meaningful improvements and symptom- and sign-free scores of 0 were evaluated across treatment groups at weeks 16, 24 and 48., RESULTS: At baseline, 652 of 837 randomized patients had PSSD scores. The proportion of patients achieving clinically meaningful improvements in PSSD summary scores was significantly higher in the guselkumab group compared with the placebo group at week 16 (P < 0.001) and compared with the adalimumab group at weeks 24 (P = 0.002) and 48 (P < 0.001). The proportions of patients achieving PSSD symptom and sign summary scores of 0 (i.e. symptom- and sign-free) were significantly higher for guselkumab vs. placebo at week 16 and vs. adalimumab at weeks 24 and 48 (all P < 0.001)., CONCLUSIONS: Based on PSSD scores, greater improvements in symptoms and signs of psoriasis were reported by patients treated with guselkumab compared with placebo at week 16 or adalimumab through 48 weeks. Copyright © 2018 The Authors. Journal of the European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
Pharmacokinetics of Tildrakizumab (MK-3222), an Anti-IL-23 Monoclonal Antibody, After Intravenous or Subcutaneous Administration in Healthy Subjects.$$$ Tildrakizumab, a high-affinity humanized IgG1k antibody that selectively binds interleukin (IL)-23 p19 subunit of cytokine IL-23 and neutralizes its function, is under investigation for treatment of moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis. The objective of this analysis was to assess the pharmacokinetics, bioavailability and safety/tolerability of single ascending doses of tildrakizumab after intravenous (IV) and subcutaneous (SC) dosing in healthy subjects. P05661 was a phase 1, single-dose, randomized, placebo-controlled study of tildrakizumab IV doses of 0.1, 0.5, 3 and 10 mg/kg, or placebo. P05776 was a phase 1, single-dose, randomized, placebo-controlled study of tildrakizumab SC doses of 50 or 200 mg, or placebo. After either single IV or SC dosing, tildrakizumab exhibited slow systemic clearance (CL), limited volume of distribution and a long t1/2 . Both the Cmax and the area under the curve (AUC) increased proportionally with doses from 0.1 to 10 mg/kg, or 50-200 mg. The bioavailability of SC dosing was ~80% (90% CI: 62-103%) for 50 mg and ~73% (90% CI: 46-115%) for 200 mg, respectively, versus 0.5 and 3 mg/kg IV. Across both studies, six of 43 evaluable subjects were positive for post-dose antidrug antibodies; two of these were positive for neutralizing antibodies. Most adverse events (AEs) were mild; the most frequent AEs included upper respiratory tract infection and headache. Single doses of tildrakizumab 0.1, 0.5, 3 and 10 mg/kg administered IV or single doses of 50 and 200 mg administered SC were safe and well tolerated in healthy adult subjects. Copyright © 2018 Nordic Association for the Publication of BCPT (former Nordic Pharmacological Society).
Impact of previous biologic use on the efficacy and safety of brodalumab and ustekinumab in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: integrated analysis of the randomized controlled trials AMAGINE-2 and AMAGINE-3.$$$ BACKGROUND: Biologics are being used increasingly to treat moderate-to-severe psoriasis. Efficacy may differ in patients with previous exposure to biologics., OBJECTIVES: To investigate the impact of previous biologic exposure on the efficacy and safety of brodalumab and ustekinumab in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis., METHODS: Two placebo- and ustekinumab-controlled phase III clinical trials. There was an initial 12-week induction phase where patients were treated with brodalumab [210 mg or 140 mg every 2 weeks (Q2W)], ustekinumab or placebo. Efficacy end points included >= 75% improvement in Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI 75) and static Physician's Global Assessment (score of 0 or 1) vs. placebo, PASI 100 vs. ustekinumab, Dermatology Life Quality Index and Psoriasis Symptom Inventory. Adverse events were monitored throughout., RESULTS: In total, 493 patients [334 (27%) brodalumab 210 mg Q2W and 159 (26%) ustekinumab] had received prior biologics; 150 (12%) and 62 (10%), respectively, reported previously failed treatment with a biologic. Brodalumab efficacy in patients with or without previous exposure to biologics was statistically equivalent: 40.9% and 39.5% of biologic-naive and -experienced patients achieved PASI 100 at week 12, compared with 21.1% and 17.0% with ustekinumab (both P < 0.001). In patients where prior biologics had been successful or failed, 41.7% and 32.0% achieved PASI 100, compared with 21.1% and 11.3% with ustekinumab. Tolerability was similar, and did not appear to be influenced by previous treatment with biologics., CONCLUSIONS: The efficacy of brodalumab 210 mg Q2W was similar regardless of prior biological therapy (P = 0.31, 0.32 and 0.64 for PASI 75, 90 and 100, respectively). Almost twice as many patients achieved PASI 100 or complete clearance with brodalumab at week 12 compared with ustekinumab; the differences were most noticeable where previous biologics had failed. Both treatments were well tolerated. Copyright © 2018 British Association of Dermatologists.
Guselkumab for the treatment of psoriasis.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Psoriasis is a chronic immune mediated disease in which the interplay of T cells and keratinocytes seems to play a key role. In this context, the interleukin (IL)-23/IL-17 axis is currently considered to be crucial in the pathogenesis of psoriasis and the selective inhibition of IL-23 may be viewed as an improvement of treatments blocking both IL-23 and IL-12, since its upstream actions. Areas covered: The authors performed a thorough and updated review on guselkumab, a fully human IgG1lambda monoclonal antibody that blocks the p19 subunit of IL-23, analyzing efficacy and safety data from phase I, II and III trials. Expert opinion: Guselkumab represents a very promising therapy, providing an alternative mechanism of action with high efficacy and safety profiles, sustained total skin clearance, and rapid onset of effect also to psoriasis patients who previously failed or experienced an inadequate response to anti-TNF-alpha or anti-IL12/23. Guselkumab will definitively shift therapeutic goals of psoriasis management from PASI 75 to PASI 90 and 100 due to its exciting trials results, also favored by its increased treatment adherence due to its administering regimen (100 mg injection at week 0, 4 and then every 8 weeks).
Combining Biologics in Inflammatory Bowel Disease and Other Immune Mediated Inflammatory Disorders.$$$ Current therapies used in the treatment of inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) are not effective in all patients. Biologic agents result in approximately 40% remission rates at 1 year in selected populations, prompting a growing interest in combining biologic therapy to improve outcomes. There are limited published data regarding the efficacy and safety of combination targeted therapy in IBD specifically, which include only 1 exploratory randomized control trial and 3 case reports or series. This review evaluates the published literature regarding this therapeutic paradigm in IBD and its extensive utilization in the treatment of other immune-mediated inflammatory disorders. The combination of biologic therapies demonstrates variable degrees of efficacy and highlights some safety concerns, depending upon the agents used and the disease state treated. A trial (Clinical Trials.gov Identifier: NCT02764762) combining vedolizumab and adalimumab is currently underway evaluating the effectiveness and safety of this approach in patients with Crohn's disease, which should provide further insight into this treatment concept. While combination biologic therapy is an attractive strategy, the lack of consistent superior efficacy as well as safety concerns militates the need for further trials prior to its general application in IBD. Copyright © 2018 AGA Institute. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Early response to therapy predicts 6-month and 1-year disease activity outcomes in psoriatic arthritis patients.$$$ Objectives: In PsA management, remission and low disease activity represent preferential treatment targets. We aimed at evaluating the predictive value and clinical use of initial therapeutic response for subsequent achievement of these targets., Methods: Based on data of 216 patients enrolled in a randomized controlled trial of golimumab (GO-REVEAL), we performed diagnostic testing analyses using 3- and 6-month disease activity as tests for treatment outcomes to understand the implications of early response. In regression analyses, we estimated the probabilities for achieving at least LDA. Disease activity was measured by the disease activity index for PsA (DAPSA)., Results: Three-month DAPSA levels were excellent tests for disease activity at 6 months (and at 1 year), with areas under the receiver operating characteristic curves of 0.92 (and 0.88, respectively). The estimated probability for 6-month LDA could be quantified as <22% if patients did not reach at least moderate disease activity after 3 months on golimumab. Similar data were seen for early DAPSA response: patients achieving a DAPSA 85% at 3 months had an 84% probability for 6-month LDA or REM. All results were validated in an independent trial cohort of patients treated with infliximab (IMPACT 2)., Conclusion: Three months after implementation of therapy in PsA, it is already possible to evaluate the potential for accomplishing therapeutic goals. This substantiates the choice of the 3-month assessment as essential for treatment adaptations.
Ixekizumab for Treating Moderate-to-Severe Plaque Psoriasis: An Evidence Review Group Perspective of a NICE Single Technology Appraisal.$$$ The National Institute for Health and Care Excellence invited Eli Lilly and Company Ltd, the company manufacturing ixekizumab (tradename Taltz R), to submit evidence for the clinical and cost effectiveness of ixekizumab. Ixekizumab was compared with tumour necrosis factor-alpha inhibitors (etanercept, infliximab, adalimumab), ustekinumab, secukinumab, best supportive care and, if non-biological treatment or phototherapy is suitable, also compared with systemic non-biological therapies and phototherapy with ultraviolet B radiation for adults with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. Kleijnen Systematic Reviews Ltd, in collaboration with Maastricht University Medical Center, was commissioned as the independent Evidence Review Group. This article presents a summary of the company submission, the Evidence Review Group report and the development of the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence guidance for the use of this drug in England and Wales by the Appraisal Committee. The Evidence Review Group produced a critical review of the clinical and cost effectiveness of ixekizumab based on the company submission. The company submission presented three randomised controlled trials identified in a systematic review. All randomised controlled trials were phase III, multicentre placebo-controlled trials including 3866 participants with moderate-to-severe psoriasis. Two trials also included an active comparator (etanercept). All randomised controlled trials showed statistically significant increases in two primary outcomes, static Physician Global Assessment (0,1) and improvement of 75% from baseline in the Psoriasis Area and Severity Index. Ixekizumab was generally well tolerated in the randomised controlled trials, with similar discontinuation rates because of adverse events as placebo or etanercept. The most frequent adverse events of special interest were infections and injection-site reactions. The company submission also included a network meta-analysis of relevant comparators. The Evidence Review Group highlighted some issues regarding the systematic review process and an issue with the generalisability of the findings in that the trials failed to include patients with moderate psoriasis according to a widely used definition. This issue was considered by the Appraisal Committee and the population was deemed generalisable to patients in England and Wales. Based on the network meta-analysis, the Appraisal Committee concluded that ixekizumab was more clinically effective than adalimumab and ustekinumab, and agreed it was likely that ixekizumab was similarly effective compared with secukinumab and infliximab while tolerability was similar to other biological treatments approved for treating psoriasis. The Evidence Review Group's critical assessment of the company's economic evaluation highlighted a number of concerns, including (1) the use of relative outcomes such as Psoriasis Area and Severity Index response to model the cost effectiveness; (2) the exclusion of the consequences of adverse events; (3) the assumption of no utility gain in the induction phase; (4) equal annual discontinuation rates for all treatments; (5) the selection of treatment sequences for consideration in the analyses and; (6) the transparency of the Visual Basic for Applications code used to develop the model. Although some of these issues were adjusted in the Evidence Review Group base case, the Evidence Review Group could not estimate the impact of all of these issues, and thus acknowledges that there are still uncertainties concerning the cost-effectiveness evidence. In the Evidence Review Group base-case incremental analysis, the treatment sequence incorporating ixekizumab in the second line has an incremental cost-effectiveness ratio of 25,532 per quality-adjusted life-year gained vs. the etanercept sequence. Ixekizumab in the first-line sequence has an incremental cost-effectiveness ratio of 39,129 per quality-adjusted life-year gained compared with the treatment sequence incorporating ixekizumab in the second line. Consistent with its conclusion regarding clinical effectiveness, the Appraisal Committee concluded that the cost effectiveness of ixekizumab for treating moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis was similar to that of other biological treatments, already recommended in previous National Institute for Health and Care Excellence guidance. The committee concluded that the incremental cost-effectiveness ratio was within the range that could be considered a cost-effective use of National Health Service resources.
Guselkumab for the Treatment of Psoriasis.$$$ Psoriasis is a common, chronic, immune-mediated, inflammatory skin disease with systemic involvement and significant impact on patients' quality of life. Several biologic treatments have been developed in recent decades, such as tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha inhibitors, a non-selective interleukin (IL)-23 inhibitor (ustekinumab, which also inhibits IL-12), and-most recently-IL-17 inhibitors. Guselkumab is a novel biological therapy that selectively targets IL-23 and is the first-in-class selective IL-23 inhibitor approved to treat moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. These inhibitors are expected to have some advantages over the highly effective IL-17 inhibitors, as they do not worsen inflammatory bowel disease and are not involved in the development of candida infections. Additionally, selective inhibition of IL-23 may have additional benefits over ustekinumab as the IL-12-dependent cascades remain functional. These benefits include a decrease in IL-17A-producing T cells in the skin and the promotion of an anti-inflammatory effect through production of interferon-gamma and IL-10. In terms of efficacy, guselkumab showed promising results in the treatment of psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis, although it did not show significant clinical improvement in rheumatoid arthritis. Studies in other inflammatory diseases and Crohn's disease are expected to begin soon. Overall, guselkumab was well tolerated; the most common adverse event was nasopharyngitis. Head-to-head studies comparing IL-23 inhibitors with agents in different classes, namely IL-17 inhibitors, will be crucial to establish the true role of these agents in psoriasis treatment.
Efficacy and Safety of Apremilast in Systemic- and Biologic-Naive Patients With Moderate Plaque Psoriasis: 52-Week Results of UNVEIL.$$$ BACKGROUND: Many patients with moderate plaque psoriasis are undertreated despite broadening treatment options. In the phase IV UNVEIL study, oral apremilast demonstrated efficacy and safety in systemic-naive patients with chronic moderate plaque psoriasis with lower psoriasis-involved body surface area (BSA; 5%-10%) during the 16-week, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase. We describe efficacy and safety of apremilast in this population through week 52 in UNVEIL. METHODS: Patients with moderate plaque psoriasis (BSA 5%-10%; static Physician's Global Assessment [sPGA] score of 3 [moderate]) and naive to systemic therapies for psoriasis were randomized (2:1) to receive apremilast 30 mg twice daily or placebo for 16 weeks. At week 16, patients continued on apremilast (apremilast/apremilast) or were switched from placebo to apremilast (placebo/apremilast) through week 52 (open-label apremilast treatment phase). Efficacy assessments included the product of sPGA and BSA (PGAxBSA) (mean percentage change from baseline; >=75% reduction from baseline [PGAxBSA-75]), sPGA response (achievement of score of 0 [clear] or 1 [almost clear]), and the Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI; mean change from baseline). RESULTS: A total of 136 patients completed the 52-week analysis period (placebo/apremilast, n=50/64; apremilast/apremilast, n=86/121). At week 52, improvements in all efficacy end points observed at week 16 were maintained in the apremilast/apremilast group (mean percentage change from baseline in PGAxBSA: -55.5%; PGAxBSA-75: 42.1%; sPGA response: 33.1%; mean change from baseline in DLQI score: -4.4); similar improvements emerged in the placebo/apremilast group after switching to apremilast. The most common adverse events (>=5% of patients) through week 52 were diarrhea (28.0%), nausea (19.0%), headache (15.2%), nasopharyngitis (10.4%), upper respiratory tract infection (7.1%), vomiting (5.7%), and decreased appetite (5.2%). CONCLUSIONS : Apremilast was effective in systemic-naive patients with moderate plaque psoriasis with BSA 5%-10%; efficacy was sustained through week 52. No new safety signals emerged with continued apremilast exposure. ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT02425826 J Drugs Dermatol. 2018;17(2):221-228. THIS ARTICLE HAD BEEN MADE AVAILABLE FREE OF CHARGE. PLEASE SCROLL DOWN TO ACCESS THE FULL TEXT OF THIS ARTICLE WITHOUT LOGGING IN. NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. PLEASE CONTACT THE PUBLISHER WITH ANY QUESTIONS.
Safety and Tolerability of Ixekizumab: Integrated Analysis of Injection-Site Reactions from 11 Clinical Trials.$$$ BACKGROUND: Injection-site reactions (ISRs) are reported with biologic therapies. The objective of this study was to comprehensively characterize ISRs among moderate-to-severe psoriasis patients treated with ixekizumab, a high-affinity monoclonal antibody that selectively targets interleukin (IL)-17A. METHODS: ISRs are presented from UNCOVER-1, UNCOVER-2, and UNCOVER-3 (12 weeks) and all ixekizumab-exposed patients in 11 controlled and uncontrolled trials (156 weeks). RESULTS: At week 12, reported ISR frequency with 80 mg ixekizumab every 2 weeks (IXE Q2W, 16.8%) was comparable with etanercept twice weekly (16.4%); both were significantly higher than placebo (3.3%). With IXE Q2W, ISRs were mild (12.3%), moderate (3.9%), or severe (0.7%), typically reported in the first 2 weeks (median onset, 6.6 days), and most commonly characterized as nonspecified, erythema, and pain. Generally, erythema onset was delayed, whereas pain occurred around drug administration. Discontinuation from ixekizumab due to ISRs (0.4%) occurred in the first 12 weeks. After 2 weeks, ISR frequency decreased and remained stable (<=4.2%) through week 156. No ISR-related serious adverse events were reported in ixekizumab-treated patients. ISR data were solicited if patients reported injection-associated events. Since nonspecified ISR was the most commonly reported term, specific types might be underreported. CONCLUSIONS : ISRs have been reported with ixekizumab during clinical trials. These reactions are typically tolerable, manageable, and decrease over time. Clinicaltrials.gov: NCT01474512 (UNCOVER-1); NCT01597245 (UNCOVER-2); NCT01646177 (UNCOVER-3); NCT01777191 (UNCOVER-A); NCT01624233 (UNCOVER-J); NCT01107457 (I1F-MC-RHAJ); NCT02561806 (I1F-MC-RHBS); NCT02387801 (I1F-US-RHBO);NCT02513550 (I1F-MC-RHBP); NCT02634801 (I1F-EW-RHBZ) J Drugs Dermatol. 2018;17(2):200-206. THIS ARTICLE HAD BEEN MADE AVAILABLE FREE OF CHARGE. PLEASE SCROLL DOWN TO ACCESS THE FULL TEXT OF THIS ARTICLE WITHOUT LOGGING IN. NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. PLEASE CONTACT THE PUBLISHER WITH ANY QUESTIONS..
Secukinumab after anti-tumour necrosis factor-alpha therapy: a phase III study in active rheumatoid arthritis.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess the efficacy and safety of secukinumab in patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA) who failed to respond to tumour necrosis factor- alpha (TNF-alpha) inhibitors., METHOD: This phase III double-blind, double-dummy, placebo-controlled study (NCT01770379) randomized (1:1:1) patients to subcutaneous secukinumab 150 mg, secukinumab 75 mg, or placebo at baseline, weeks 1, 2, 3, and 4, and then every 4 weeks. American College of Rheumatology (ACR) 20 response at week 24 was the primary endpoint. Secondary outcomes included the 28-joint Disease Activity Score using C-reactive protein (DAS28-CRP), Health Assessment Questionnaire Disability Index (HAQ-DI), and ACR50 at week 24. Long-term treatment was planned for 5 years., RESULTS: ACR20 response rates at week 24 for the secukinumab 150 mg and 75 mg groups were not statistically superior to placebo. None of the secondary endpoints was met for either secukinumab dose. Although not statistically significant, compared with placebo, numerically greater differences in least squares mean changes from baseline in HAQ-DI score and numerically higher ACR50 response rates were observed at week 24 in both secukinumab treatment groups. No new or unexpected adverse events were observed in this study compared with the large secukinumab safety database across psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, and other RA studies., CONCLUSIONS: Given that other second-line therapies have demonstrated efficacy in RA patients who failed to respond to TNF-alpha inhibitors, these findings may suggest that interleukin-17A inhibition with secukinumab does not provide additional benefit to these patients. This study further confirms the well-characterized safety profile of secukinumab.
Effect of biologics on fatigue in psoriatic arthritis: A systematic literature review with meta-analysis.$$$ OBJECTIVES: Fatigue is a significant issue in psoriatic arthritis. The objective was to assess the effect of biological disease modifying antirheumatic drugs and apremilast on fatigue in psoriatic arthritis randomised controlled trials and to compare this effect with the effect in the same trials, on pain, through a systematic literature review and meta-analysis., METHODS: A systematic literature review was performed up to January 2017 in PubMed, Embase and Cochrane databases. All randomized controlled trials in psoriatic arthritis of biological disease modifying antirheumatic drugs or apremilast, assessing fatigue (whatever the score used), were included. Data were collected by 2 assessors regarding levels of fatigue and pain at baseline and at the time point closest to 24 weeks after the treatment introduction. Pooled standardized mean differences were calculated using RevMan., RESULTS: After screening 295 publications, 7 randomised controlled trials were analysed: they pertained to adalimumab (n=2), certolizumab pegol (n=1), secukinumab (n=2), ustekinumab (n=1) and apremilast (n=1), compared to placebo. The studies included 2341 patients: weighted mean+/-standard deviation age: 48.6+/-1.3years, disease duration: 7.7+/-1.6years, 51.6% were females. Fatigue levels were high at baseline (Functional Assessment of Chronic Illness Therapy score: 28.7+/-2.4). The pooled standardized mean difference was, for fatigue -0.44 (95% confidence interval: -0.54, -0.35) and for pain, -0.62 (-0.73, -0.52)., CONCLUSIONS: Biological disease modifying antirheumatic drugs and apremilast had a small effect on fatigue at 24 weeks in psoriatic arthritis randomized controlled trials and a higher effect on pain. These results are important to take into account in shared decision-making. Copyright © 2018 Societe francaise de rhumatologie. Published by Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Secukinumab demonstrates high sustained efficacy and a favourable safety profile in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis through 5 years of treatment (SCULPTURE Extension Study).$$$ BACKGROUND: Secukinumab, a fully human monoclonal antibody that selectively neutralizes IL-17A, has been shown to have significant efficacy and a favourable safety profile in the treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis., OBJECTIVE: To assess the efficacy and safety of secukinumab through 5 years of treatment in moderate-to-severe psoriasis., METHODS: In the core SCULPTURE study, Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) 75 responders at Week 12 continued receiving subcutaneous secukinumab until Year 1. Thereafter, patients entered the extension phase and continued treatment as per the core trial. Treatment was double-blinded until the end of Year 3 and open-label from Year 4. Here, we focus on the 300 mg fixed-interval (every 4 weeks) treatment, the recommended per label dose. Efficacy data are primarily reported as observed, but multiple imputation (MI) and last observation carried forward (LOCF) techniques were also undertaken as supportive analyses., RESULTS: At Year 1, 168 patients entered the extension study and at the end of Year 5, 126 patients completed 300 mg (every 4 weeks) treatment. PASI 75/90/100 responses at Year 1 (88.9%, 68.5% and 43.8%, respectively) were sustained to Year 5 (88.5%, 66.4% and 41%). PASI responses were consistent regardless of the analysis undertaken (as observed, MI, or LOCF). The average improvement in mean PASI was approximately 90% through 5 years compared with core study baseline. DLQI (dermatology life quality index) 0/1 response also sustained through 5 years (72.7% at Year 1 and 65.5% at Year 5). The safety profile of secukinumab remained favourable, with no cumulative or unexpected safety concerns identified., CONCLUSION: Secukinumab 300 mg treatment delivered high and sustained levels of skin clearance and improved quality of life through 5 years in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis. Favourable safety established in the secukinumab phase 2/3 programme was maintained through 5 years. Copyright © 2018 The Authors. Journal of the European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
Comparative effectiveness of targeted immunomodulators for the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: A systematic review and network meta-analysis.$$$ BACKGROUND: The comparative effectiveness of available targeted immunomodulators for moderate-to-severe psoriasis has not been evaluated., OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the comparative effectiveness of targeted immunomodulators for adults with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis., METHODS: Systematic literature review of placebo-controlled and head-to-head randomized trials of 8 targeted immunomodulators that evaluated clinical benefits or harm. The primary outcome was a 75% improvement on the Psoriasis Area and Severity Index. We also conducted a network meta-analysis adjusted for placebo response to perform indirect comparisons between agents., RESULTS: In the network meta-analysis, the targeted immunomodulators ordered by increasing relative risk (demonstrating greater likelihood) of achieving a 75% improvement on the Psoriasis Area and Severity Index relative to placebo were as follows: apremilast (6.2), etanercept (9.6), adalimumab (13.0), ustekinumab (14.0), secukinumab (15.4), infliximab (16.2), brodalumab (17.3), and ixekizumab (17.9). Ixekizumab, brodalumab, and infliximab were all statistically superior to ustekinumab, adalimumab, etanercept, and apremilast; results were similar to those of head-to-head studies where data were available., LIMITATIONS: Much of the evidence is short-term (covering 10-16 weeks); limited direct comparisons., CONCLUSIONS: The interleukin 17A inhibitors are more effective in achieving clearance than ustekinumab, and they are generally more effective than etanercept, adalimumab, and apremilast. Copyright © 2018 American Academy of Dermatology, Inc. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Comparison of effectiveness and safety of excimer lamp vs topical calcipotriol-clobetasol propionate combination in the treatment of palmoplantar psoriasis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Very few studies have assessed the efficacy of excimer in the treatment of palmoplantar psoriasis (PPP), and none has compared the excimer with calcipotriol-clobetasol propionate combination., PURPOSE: To compare the effectiveness and safety of excimer lamp vs topical ointment containing calcipotriol (0.005% w/w) and clobetasol propionate (0.05% w/w) combination in PPP., METHODS: This right-left randomization trial included 36 patients with PPP, who received treatment with excimer lamp (twice weekly) on one side and calcipotriol-clobetasol combination (once daily) on another side for 12 weeks, followed by 8 weeks of follow-up. Recruitment and response assessment was done by 2 experienced dermatologists (SD and TN) using modified palmoplantar pustular psoriasis area and severity index score (mPPPASI, originally devised for palmoplantar pustulosis, suitably modified to assess response in PPP). Primary outcome measure was percentage improvement in mPPPASI at 12 weeks, which was classified as minimal (<=25%), mild (>25%-50%), moderate (>50%-75%), and marked (>75%). Secondary outcome measures were the proportion of patients achieving >75% reduction in mPPPASI and the time taken to achieve it., RESULTS: Of 36 recruited patients, 33 completed treatment and 21 adhered to 8-weeks follow-up. The mean mPPPASI on the excimer-treated sides reduced significantly from 7.75 +/- 4.62 to 4.01 +/- 4.07 (P < .001) at 12th week (end of the treatment) and 2.66 +/- 3.97 at 20th week (at 8 weeks follow-up). The mean mPPPASI on the calcipotriol-clobetasol combination treated sides reduced significantly from 7.36 +/- 4.46 to 3.55 +/- 3.77 (P < .001) and 2.70 +/- 3.97 at 12th week and 20th week, respectively. The reduction was significant for both treatment and the difference between the two was not statistically significant. Minimal, mild, moderate, and marked improvement was seen in 5/33 (15.2%) and 1/33 (3.0%), 6/33 (18.2%) and 8/33 (24.2%), 12/33 (36.4%) and 13/33 (39.4%), and 8/33 (24.2%) and 8/33 (24.2%) sides in the excimer and calcipotriol-clobetasol combination, respectively. A total of 8 patients in each group achieved mPPPASI 75 at 12 weeks. The mPPPASI 75 was achieved at 2, 4, and 8 weeks in 1, 2, and 8 patients, respectively, using either modalities. The adverse effects (most commonly hyperpigmentation) were noted more frequently on the excimer-treated sides; however, they were well tolerated., CONCLUSION: Both excimer lamp and calcipotriol-clobetasol propionate combination are equally effective in the treatment of PPP. Copyright © 2018 John Wiley & Sons A/S. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Efficacy and Safety of Guselkumab, an Anti-interleukin 23 Monoclonal Antibody, for Palmoplantar Pustulosis: A Randomized Clinical Trial.$$$ Importance: Palmoplantar pustulosis (PPP) is a recalcitrant skin disease with no biologics currently approved for treatment. The involvement of interleukin 23 (IL-23) and cytokines of the type 17 helper T cell lineage in the pathogenesis of PPP has been recently postulated., Objective: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of guselkumab, an anti-IL-23 monoclonal antibody, in Japanese patients with PPP., Design, Setting, and Participants: This double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, parallel-group, 24-week trial was conducted between May 14, 2013, and September 27, 2014, at 11 centers in Japan. Participants were patients with moderate to severe PPP that did not respond adequately to conventional treatments., Interventions: Patients were randomized 1:1 to receive guselkumab, 200 mg, by subcutaneous injection or matching placebo at weeks 0 and 4., Main Outcomes and Measures: Changes in total scores of skin-related outcomes from baseline at the end of week 16 (primary clinical cutoff) and through week 24 were measured. Serum biomarker analyses were performed at baseline, week 4, and week 16, and safety was monitored through week 24., Results: Of 49 randomized patients (35 [71%] women; median [range] age, 52 [28-77] years), 41 completed the study at week 24. Mean (SD) PPP severity index total scores (primary end point) improved significantly from baseline in guselkumab-treated patients (-3.3 [2.43]) vs placebo (-1.8 [2.09]) (least squares mean difference, -1.5; 95% CI, -2.9 to -0.2; P = .03). At week 16, PPP area and severity index scores (least squares mean difference, -5.65; 95% CI, -9.80 to -1.50; P = .009) and proportion of patients achieving 50% reduction in these scores (difference in proportion, 39.2; 95% CI, 14.0-64.3; P = .009) improved significantly. A numerically higher proportion of patients had a physician's global assessment score of 1 or less in the guselkumab group vs placebo. Improvement in efficacy scores was maintained through week 24 in the guselkumab group. Significant reductions from baseline in serum IL-17A and IL-17F cytokine levels were observed at weeks 4 and 16. Frequency of treatment-emergent adverse events was comparable between the guselkumab group (19 of 25 patients [76%]) and the placebo group (18 of 24 patients [75%]). Frequent adverse effects included nasopharyngitis (14 patients [29%]), headache (3 patients [6%]), contact dermatitis (3 patients [6%]), and injection site erythema (3 patients [6%]). No major safety concerns emerged during the study., Conclusions and Relevance: Targeting IL-23 and its associated immune cascade with guselkumab may be a safe and useful therapeutic option for treatment of PPP., Trial Registration: clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT01845987.
Minimal Disease Activity Among Active Psoriatic Arthritis Patients Treated With Secukinumab: 2-Year Results From a Multicenter, Randomized, Double-Blind, Parallel-Group, Placebo-Controlled Phase III Study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate minimal disease activity (MDA) among psoriatic arthritis (PsA) patients receiving secukinumab through 2 years in the FUTURE 2 study., METHODS: Patients with active PsA were randomized to receive subcutaneous secukinumab 300, 150, or 75 mg or placebo. MDA was assessed in the overall population (anti-tumor necrosis factor [anti-TNF]-naive and inadequate responders [anti-TNF-IR]) and in patients stratified by prior anti-TNF exposure and by time since diagnosis at weeks 16, 24, 52, and 104. Function and patient-reported outcomes (PROs), including health-related quality of life (QoL) and work productivity, were assessed in MDA responders versus nonresponders., RESULTS: Overall, 28% of patients (27 of 98) and 23% (23 of 100) achieved MDA at week 16 with secukinumab 300 and 150 mg, respectively, versus 10% (9 of 94) with placebo. In the anti-TNF-naive cohort, a higher proportion of patients achieved MDA at week 16 with secukinumab 300 and 150 mg (34% and 32%, respectively) versus placebo (13%). The corresponding value in the anti-TNF-IR cohort was 15% and 8% with secukinumab 300 and 150 mg, respectively, versus with placebo (3%). At week 16, 27.1% of MDA responders (16 of 59) achieved a very low disease activity (VLDA) response, with the percentage being numerically greater with secukinumab 300 and 150 mg (30% [8 of 27] and 26% [6 of 23], respectively) versus placebo (22% [2 of 9]). The MDA and VLDA responses with secukinumab 300 and 150 mg were sustained through 2 years. MDA responders showed greater improvements in QoL outcomes compared to nonresponders through 2 years., CONCLUSION: A greater proportion of patients achieved MDA with secukinumab versus placebo at week 16, with response rates sustained through 2 years. MDA was associated with improved PROs, including QoL, through 2 years. Copyright © 2018, American College of Rheumatology.
Efficacy and safety of continuous every-2-week dosing of ixekizumab over 52 weeks in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis in a randomized phase III trial (IXORA-P).$$$ BACKGROUND: Ixekizumab is an interleukin-17A antagonist approved for treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis with a recommended 160-mg starting dose, then 80 mg every 2 weeks (Q2W) to week 12, and every 4 weeks (Q4W) thereafter., OBJECTIVE: To evaluate continuous Q2W dosing over 52 weeks., METHODS: In this phase III, multicentre, double-blinded, parallel-group trial, three ixekizumab dosing regimens were assessed for efficacy and safety at week 52 in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis randomized at a 2 : 1 : 1 ratio to continuous Q2W (n = 611), continuous Q4W (n = 310) or dose adjustment per protocol (Q4W/Q2W, n = 306), each with a 160-mg starting dose. Dose adjustment was determined by predefined criteria to which investigators were blinded; 72 (23?5%) patients in the Q4W/Q2W group adjusted dose. Efficacy outcomes were evaluated using logistic regression., RESULTS: Co-primary end points were met at week 52: Psoriasis Area and Severity Index 75 responses for Q2W and Q4W dose groups were 85.9% and 79.0%, respectively (P = 0.006), and static patient global assessment 0/1 responses for Q2W and Q4W dose groups were 78.6% and 70.6%, respectively (P = 0.005). Treatment-emergent and serious adverse events were comparable across dose groups., CONCLUSIONS: Ixekizumab Q2W had higher efficacy at week 52 than ixekizumab Q4W, with no increase in safety events. Copyright © 2018 The Authors. British Journal of Dermatology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of British Association of Dermatologists.
Initial Results of Secukinumab Drug Survival in Patients with Psoriasis: A Multicentre Daily Practice Cohort Study.$$$ Interleukin 17-antagonist secukinumab demonstrated high efficacy for treatment of psoriasis in randomized controlled trials. However, performance in daily practice may differ from trials. Drug survival is a comprehensive outcome covering effectiveness and safety, suitable for analyses of daily practice. The aim of this study was to evaluate drug survival of secukinumab in a daily practice psoriasis cohort. Data were collected from 13 hospitals. Drug survival was analysed using Kaplan-Meier survival curves, split for reason of discontinuation. In total, 196 patients were included (83% biologic experienced). Overall, 12 and 18 months drug survival of secukinumab was 76% and 67%, respectively, and was mostly determined by ineffectiveness. There was a trend towards shorter drug survival in women and in biologic experienced patients. Thirteen percent of patients experienced at least one episode of fungal infection. This is one of the first studies of drug survival of secukinumab in patients with psoriasis treated in daily practice.
Efficacy and Safety of Secukinumab in Elderly Subjects with Moderate to Severe Plaque Psoriasis: A Pooled Analysis of Phase III Studies.$$$ BACKGROUND: Psoriasis is a chronic inflammatory skin disease, affecting patients of a wide age range, including elderly patients. Elderly patients can respond differently to drug treatments and can be more vulnerable to adverse reactions. There are limited data on biologic therapies for psoriasis in elderly subjects. Secukinumab, a fully human monoclonal antibody that selectively neutralizes IL-17A, has proven significant efficacy in the treatment of moderate to severe psoriasis., AIMS: A post-hoc analysis of three phase III trials (ERASURE, FIXTURE and CLEAR) was performed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of secukinumab in elderly subjects., METHODS: Studies were multicentre, randomized, parallel-group, double-blind, 52-week phase III trials in subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. For efficacy analyses, 67 elderly subjects (>= 65 years) treated with secukinumab 300 mg were compared with 841 younger subjects (18-64 years). Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI), Dermatological Life Quality Index (DLQI) and safety were analysed., RESULTS: Elderly subjects had higher baseline frequencies of cardiovascular and metabolic disorders. Secukinumab efficacy in elderly subjects was comparable to that in younger subjects throughout 52 weeks of treatment. PASI 75 response was reached by 81.8% of elderly subjects and 79.4% of younger subjects at Week 52. Similar rates of DLQI 0/1 response were observed. The total rate of adverse events was similar between elderly and younger subjects., CONCLUSIONS: Secukinumab at the recommended dose (300 mg) is effective and acceptably safe in subjects aged >= 65 years with moderate to severe psoriasis, with quality-of-life benefits, despite an increased prevalence of cardiovascular and metabolic comorbidities in this population.
Subcutaneous methotrexate in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis: a critical appraisal.$$$ AIM: Warren et al. set out to assess the effect of an intensified dosing schedule of subcutaneous methotrexate in patients with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis., SETTING AND DESIGN: This was a prospective, double-blind, randomized (3 : 1), placebo-controlled study, conducted across 16 centres in Germany, France, the Netherlands and the U.K., STUDY EXPOSURE: Methotrexate-naive adults with a diagnosis of moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis for at least 6 months before baseline were randomly assigned to receive weekly subcutaneous injections of either methotrexate at a starting dose of 17.5 mg, or placebo for 16 weeks (first phase). Dose escalation to 22.5 mg per week was implemented after 8 weeks if patients did not achieve >= 50% improvement in Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI 50). Treatment was combined with folic acid 5 mg per week. The first phase of the study was followed by an open-label period from 16 to 52 weeks (second phase), in which both groups received weekly methotrexate injections. At week 24, dose escalation to 22.5 mg per week was possible in patients not achieving PASI 50., OUTCOMES: Psoriasis severity was measured using PASI. The authors also used two other psoriasis severity measures and two quality-of-life measures, looked at safety indices and performed a substudy analysing paired skin biopsies at baseline and week 16 (histopathology, immunohistochemistry and expression of interleukin-17A, interferon-gamma and tumour necrosis factor-alpha)., PRIMARY OUTCOME MEASURES: The primary outcome was the proportion of patients reaching PASI 75 at week 16., RESULTS: In total 120 patients were included in this trial, most of whom were middle-aged white men with long-standing psoriasis, and the mean body mass index was 30.1 kg m-2 . PASI 75 was achieved in 41% of patients receiving methotrexate vs. 10% of patients receiving placebo (relative risk 3.93, 95% confidence interval 1.31-11.81; P = 0.0026) at week 16. Subcutaneous methotrexate was generally well tolerated, with no serious adverse events related to this treatment over the 52-week study., CONCLUSION: Warren et al. conclude that the 52-week risk-benefit profile of subcutaneous methotrexate is favourable in patients with psoriasis. Copyright © 2018 British Association of Dermatologists.
Experiences of a patient-initiated self-monitoring service in inflammatory arthritis: A qualitative exploration.$$$ OBJECTIVES: The aim of the present study was to explore patients' experience of a patient-initiated self-monitoring service for people with rheumatoid or psoriatic arthritis who are on methotrexate., METHODS: The study took the form of qualitative semi-structured interviews, embedded within a randomized controlled trial. Twelve participants who were randomly assigned to the intervention arm were interviewed. Interviews digitally, transcribed verbatim and analysed using inductive thematic analysis. The study received full National Health Service ethics approval from Camden and Islington Community Local Research Ethics Committee (Ref. 09/H0722/91)., RESULTS: Analysis revealed five key themes. Participants described usual care as burdensome and an inefficient use of time, particularly those in employment. Being able to self-monitor and initiate their own care increased patients' knowledge about their illness and its treatment, and enabled them to gain a sense of control and ownership over their arthritis. They appreciated the personalized nature of the new service, which allowed them to be seen at a time and by a method more appropriate to their needs. There were, however, some concerns about fidelity to the service protocol, confusion about the lack of consistency between symptoms and laboratory results, and anxiety about self-monitoring., CONCLUSIONS: Overall, participants were positive about the new service, in comparison with usual care, valuing its tailored approach and empowering effects. Further work is needed to ensure adherence to the service protocol and address anxieties around self-monitoring prior to any widespread implementation of the service. Copyright © 2018 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Safety of Adalimumab Dosed Every Week and Every Other Week: Focus on Patients with Hidradenitis Suppurativa or Psoriasis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Adalimumab is approved for the treatment of hidradenitis suppurativa (HS), plaque psoriasis, and other inflammatory conditions., OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to examine the safety of adalimumab administered every other week (EOW) and every week (EW) in patients with HS and psoriasis and to investigate informative data from non-dermatologic indications., METHODS: The safety of adalimumab 40-mg EOW versus EW dosing was examined during placebo-controlled and open-label study periods in patients with HS (three studies), psoriasis (two studies), Crohn's disease (six studies), ulcerative colitis (three studies), and rheumatoid arthritis (one study)., RESULTS: No new safety risks or increased rates of particular adverse events (AEs) were identified with EW dosing. In patients with HS or psoriasis, the overall safety of adalimumab 40-mg EOW and EW was generally comparable. In studies of adalimumab for non-dermatologic indications, including Crohn's disease, ulcerative colitis, and rheumatoid arthritis, the overall AE rates were similar for EW and EOW dosing., CONCLUSION: In patients with HS or psoriasis, the safety of adalimumab EW and EOW was comparable and consistent with the expected adalimumab AE profile. The safety of adalimumab EW dosing in patients with dermatologic conditions is supported by data comparing adalimumab EW and EOW dosing for Crohn's disease, ulcerative colitis, and rheumatoid arthritis., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT00918255, NCT01468207, NCT01468233, NCT00645814, NCT00077779, NCT00055497, NCT01070303, NCT00195715, NCT00348283, NCT00385736, NCT00408629, and NCT00573794.
A prospective 52-week randomized controlled trial of patient-initiated care consultations for patients with psoriasis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Treatment and care of moderate-to-severe psoriasis require lifelong consultations with a dermatologist with close monitoring of systemic treatment., OBJECTIVES: To investigate the effect of patient-initiated care consultation (PICC) for patients with psoriasis in a dermatology outpatient clinic., METHODS: A prospective randomized controlled trial with patients on well-controlled systemic treatment randomized to either (i) the PICC group, where they participated in one annual consultation with a dermatologist but were able to initiate consultations when needed; or (ii) routine care, where they participated in a consultation every 12-16 weeks. The primary outcome was the Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI). Other outcomes were safety, patient adherence and satisfaction with healthcare assessed at baseline and after 52 weeks. The study was registered with clinical trials number NCT02382081., RESULTS: In total 150 patients were included, with 58.0% treated with biologics, 37.3% with methotrexate and 4.7% with acitretin. At week 52 no statistically significant mean difference between groups was detected in DLQI (0.28, 95% confidence interval -0.35 to 0.9) or Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (-0.24, 95% confidence interval -0.84 to 0.36). Patients in the PICC group requested 63% fewer consultations with a dermatologist: mean 2.5 +/- 0.1 vs. 5.1 +/- 0.6 (P = 0.001). Patient adherence and safety with treatment monitoring were equal between groups, but the PICC group was significantly better at attending consultations than the control group (P = 0.003)., CONCLUSIONS: PICC offers additional clinical benefits over routine care, making patients less dependent on clinical visits. The intervention adds no harm to monitoring systemic treatment, and patients report high quality of life and satisfaction with healthcare. Copyright © 2018 British Association of Dermatologists.
Comorbidity and economic burden among moderate-to-severe psoriasis and/or psoriatic arthritis patients in the US Department of Defense population.$$$ AIMS: To examine the comorbidity and economic burden among moderate-to-severe psoriasis (PsO) and/or psoriatic arthritis (PsA) patients in the US Department of Defense (DoD) population., MATERIALS AND METHODS: This retrospective cohort claims analysis was conducted using DoD data from November 2010 to October 2015. Adult patients with >=2 diagnoses of PsO and/or PsA (cases) were identified, and the first diagnosis date from November 2011 to October 2014 was defined as the index date. Patients were considered moderate-to-severe if they had >=1 non-topical systemic therapy or phototherapy during the 12 months pre- or 1 month post-index date. Patients without a PsO/PsA diagnosis during the study period (controls) were matched to cases on a 10:1 ratio based on age, sex, region, and index year; the index date was randomly selected. One-to-one propensity score matching (PSM) was conducted to compare study outcomes in the first year post-index date, including healthcare resource utilization (HRU), costs, and comorbidity incidence., RESULTS: A total of 7,249 cases and 72,490 controls were identified. The mean age was 48.1 years. After PSM, comorbidity incidence was higher among cases, namely dyslipidemia (18.3% vs 13.5%, p < .001), hypertension (13.8% vs 8.7%, p < .001), and obesity (8.8% vs 6.1%, p < .001). Case patients had significantly higher HRU and costs, including inpatient ($2,196 vs $1,642; p < .0016), ambulatory ($8,804 vs 4,642; p < .001), emergency room ($432 vs $350; p < .001), pharmacy ($6,878 vs $1,160; p < .001), and total healthcare costs ($18,311 vs $7,795; p < .001)., LIMITATIONS: Claims data are collected for payment purposes; therefore, such data may have limitations for clinical research., CONCLUSIONS: During follow-up, DoD patients with moderate-to-severe PsO and/or PsA experienced significantly higher HRU, cost, and comorbidity burden.
Differential effects of secukinumab vs. ustekinumab for treatment of psoriasis on quality of life, work productivity and activity impairment: a structural equation modelling analysis.$$$ BACKGROUND: The appearance and lifelong, chronic nature of psoriasis result in considerable burden to patients, such as sleep impairment, depressive symptoms, negative self-esteem and reduced work productivity., OBJECTIVES: To examine direct and indirect (mediated) effects of secukinumab vs. ustekinumab on quality of life, work productivity and activity impairment based on psoriasis severity and symptoms., METHODS: Analyses were based on data from the CLEAR study. Structural equation modelling examined the effects of secukinumab vs. ustekinumab on the Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI) and on the Work Productivity and Activity Impairment (WPAI) questionnaire using Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) severity and symptoms (pain, itching and scaling) as potential mediators. Analyses were conducted primarily for patients achieving a PASI 90 response (90% or greater reduction in PASI from baseline) at week 16 (repeated at week 52) and for PASI 50, 75 and 100., RESULTS: Results at weeks 16 and 52 showed that the effect of treatment on change in DLQI score was mediated by the PASI 90 response and by improvements in itching, pain, and scaling. Achieving any PASI response as early as week 16 directly resulted in significantly better WPAI scores. At week 52, both PASI response and improvement in scaling directly resulted in significantly better WPAI scores. Pain, itching and scaling were correlated (r = 0.51-0.68); improvement in any of these had a significant effect (directly or indirectly) on WPAI. All results favoured secukinumab over ustekinumab., CONCLUSIONS: The results underscore the important role of both PASI response and reduction in symptoms on improvements in health-related quality of life and work and daily activity in favour of secukinumab vs. ustekinumab. Copyright © 2018 British Association of Dermatologists.
Early and sustained efficacy with apremilast monotherapy in biological-naive patients with psoriatic arthritis: a phase IIIB, randomised controlled trial (ACTIVE).$$$ OBJECTIVE: Evaluate apremilast efficacy across various psoriatic arthritis (PsA) manifestations beginning at week 2 in biological-naive patients with PsA., METHODS: Patients were randomised (1:1) to apremilast 30 mg twice daily or placebo. At week 16, patients whose swollen and tender joint counts had not improved by >=10% were eligible for early escape. At week 24, all patients received apremilast through week 52., RESULTS: Among 219 randomised patients (apremilast: n=110; placebo: n=109), a significantly greater American College of Rheumatology 20 response at week 16 (primary outcome) was observed with apremilast versus placebo (38.2% (42/110) vs 20.2% (22/109); P=0.004); response rates at week 2 (first assessment) were 16.4% (18/110) versus 6.4% (7/109) (P=0.025). Improvements in other efficacy outcomes, including 28-joint count Disease Activity Score (DAS-28) using C reactive protein (CRP), swollen joint count, Health Assessment Questionnaire-Disability Index (HAQ-DI), enthesitis and morning stiffness severity, were observed with apremilast at week 2. At week 16, apremilast significantly reduced PsA disease activity versus placebo, with changes in DAS-28 (CRP) (P<0.0001), HAQ-DI (P=0.023) and Gladman Enthesitis Index (P=0.001). Improvements were maintained with continued treatment through week 52. Over 52 weeks, apremilast's safety profile was consistent with prior phase 3 studies in psoriasis and PsA. During weeks 0-24, the incidence of protocol-defined diarrhoea was 11.0% (apremilast) and 8.3% (placebo); serious adverse event rates were 2.8% (apremilast) and 4.6% (placebo)., CONCLUSIONS: In biological-naive patients with PsA, onset of effect with apremilast was observed at week 2 and continued through week 52. The safety profile was consistent with previous reports., TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NCT01925768; Results. Copyright © Article author(s) (or their employer(s) unless otherwise stated in the text of the article) 2018. All rights reserved. No commercial use is permitted unless otherwise expressly granted.
Management of psoriasis in patients with inflammatory bowel disease: From the Medical Board of the National Psoriasis Foundation.$$$ BACKGROUND: There is a significant association between psoriasis and inflammatory bowel disease (IBD). Many treatments for psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis are also used for IBD., OBJECTIVE: To assess therapeutic options for patients with psoriasis and concurrent IBD., METHODS: A systematic literature search was performed for clinical studies of biologic and systemic psoriasis medications in psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis, ulcerative colitis, and Crohn's disease, for the period from January 1, 1947, to February 14, 2017. Randomized, controlled, double-blinded studies were selected if available. If not, the next highest level of available evidence was selected., RESULTS: Of the 2282 articles identified, 132 were selected. Infliximab and adalimumab have demonstrated efficacy in psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis, ulcerative; colitis, and Crohn's disease. Ustekinumab has demonstrated efficacy in psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis, and Crohn's disease. Certolizumab has demonstrated efficacy in psoriatic arthritis and Crohn's disease. Etanercept, secukinumab, brodalumab, and ixekizumab have demonstrated efficacy in psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis but may exacerbate or induce IBD. Guselkumab has demonstrated efficacy in psoriasis., LIMITATIONS: There are no known clinical trials of treatment specifically for concurrent psoriasis and IBD., CONCLUSIONS: Infliximab and adalimumab have demonstrated efficacy in psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis, ulcerative colitis, and Crohn's disease; other agents have demonstrated efficacy for some, but not all, of these indications. Copyright © 2017 American Academy of Dermatology, Inc. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The comparative efficacy of brodalumab in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis: a systematic literature review and network meta-analysis.$$$ PURPOSE: To evaluate the relative efficacy of brodalumab compared with approved biologic therapies and apremilast for moderate-to-severe psoriasis., METHODS: We searched MEDLINE, Embase, and Cochrane for randomized controlled trials reporting induction phase responses. The primary analysis examined the proportion of patients achieving Psoriasis Area Severity Index (PASI) 50, 75, 90, or 100 responses using a random-effects Bayesian multinomial likelihood model with probit link, with and without adjustment for variation in study-level placebo responses., RESULTS: A total of 54 studies were included. Based on PASI 100 response, the most efficacious therapies were brodalumab 210 mg every two weeks (Q2W) and ixekizumab. Brodalumab 210 mg Q2W was significantly more efficacious than adalimumab, apremilast, brodalumab 140 mg Q2W, etanercept, infliximab, secukinumab, and ustekinumab. Results were consistent for PASI 50, 75, and 90 outcomes and all sensitivity analyses., CONCLUSIONS: Our findings are consistent with pivotal trials which indicate that high levels of complete clearance can be achieved with brodalumab. Based on existing evidence, induction-phase efficacy of brodalumab is similar to ixekizumab and superior to other approved therapies, including anti-TNFs, apremilast, secukinumab, and ustekinumab.
Targeting cytokines in reduction of depressive symptoms: A comprehensive review.$$$ Heterogeneity in response to conventional antidepressants is a well-recognized limitation of evidence-based pharmacological treatments of major depressive disorder (MDD). Abnormal activation of inflammatory pathways is postulated as one likely mechanism contributing to treatment resistance in MDD. In a subset of depressed patients, the balance between pro- and anti-inflammatory cytokines is thought to be altered, causing mood symptoms due to inflammation, as seen in co-morbid depression associated with inflammatory conditions (e.g. psoriasis, hepatitis C, inflammatory bowel disease, rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis). The objectives of the current narrative review are to critically evaluate the literature about the effects of cytokine blockers on clinical outcomes in MDD and in the reduction of depressive symptom severity in individuals using these medications primarily to treat inflammatory conditions. A small number of clinical trials assessing the effects of cytokine blockers for depression and depressive symptoms have been completed. These trials suggest that in individuals with immune dysfunction (e.g. elevated pro-inflammatory cytokine levels), cytokine blockers may allow for improved clinical outcomes in MDD that would not be achievable with current conventional antidepressants alone. Additional well-designed clinical trials to assess the clinical utility of anti-inflammatory medications for the treatment of depression and depressive symptoms are merited. Further, the use of anti-inflammatories show promise for disease modifying effects that may alter illness trajectory, rather than solely ameliorating current mood symptoms. Copyright © 2018. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Comparison of Adalimumab and Etanercept for the Treatment of Moderate to Severe Psoriasis: An Indirect Comparison Using Individual Patient Data from Randomized Trials.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To compare outcomes between adalimumab and etanercept in the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis., METHODS: Study groups included patients randomized to adalimumab or placebo (REVEAL and CHAMPION trials) and those randomized to etanercept or placebo (M10-114 and M10-315 trials). Week 12 outcomes were compared between patients receiving adalimumab and those receiving etanercept after adjusting for cross-trial differences in patient characteristics using propensity score weighting and after subtracting effects of placebo. Outcomes included proportion of patients achieving 75% or more, 90% or more, and 100% reductions from baseline in the Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI75, PASI90, PASI100, respectively), symptom resolution (pruritus = 0; psoriatic pain = 0), lesion resolution (minimal scores for plaque signs erythema, desquamation, and induration, and by body regions head, upper limbs, trunk, and lower limbs), absence of skin-related quality-of-life impact (Dermatology Life Quality Index [DLQI] = 0), "complete disease control" (patient's global assessment [PtGA] = 0), and adverse events., RESULTS: After adjustment, baseline characteristics were balanced among study groups (adalimumab = 875 vs. placebo = 427; etanercept = 260 vs. placebo = 130). Compared with etanercept, adalimumab was associated with significantly better placebo-adjusted outcomes (PASI75: 62.3% vs. 42.6%; PASI90: 35.9% vs. 12.1%; PASI100: 13.1% vs. 4.9%; pruritus: 24.7% vs. 13.0%; psoriatic pain: 27.4% vs. 8.7%; DLQI: 27.7% vs. 11.7%; and PtGA: 16.4% vs. 10.6%; all P < 0.05), except for similar rates of adverse events and head-specific lesion resolution., CONCLUSIONS: Compared with etanercept, adalimumab treatment for moderate to severe plaque psoriasis was associated with greater PASI reduction, higher rates of resolution of skin signs and symptoms, and greater improvements in dermatological life quality. Copyright © 2018 International Society for Pharmacoeconomics and Outcomes Research (ISPOR). Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Comparative effectiveness of abatacept, apremilast, secukinumab and ustekinumab treatment of psoriatic arthritis: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.$$$ To assess the comparative effectiveness and safety of novel biologic therapies in psoriatic arthritis (PsA) and to establish the position of the non-anti-tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha) biologic drugs in the treatment regimen of the disease. A systematic review and network meta-analysis (NMA) was conducted according to the preferred reporting items for systematic reviews and meta-analyses (PRISMA) requirements. Two investigators identified the studies, abstracted data, and assessed the risk of bias independently. The NMA was conducted for efficacy [American College of Rheumatology (ACR) criteria, ACR20 and ACR50; psoriasis area and severity index (PASI), PASI75] and safety outcomes [any adverse events (AEs) and serious adverse events (SAEs)]; treatments were ranked using the P score for each outcome. The PROSPERO registration number was 42017072200. MEDLINE/PubMed, Embase, Cochrane Library, and ClinicalTrials.gov were searched from the inception of each database to July 10, 2017. Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) for abatacept, apremilast, secukinumab or ustekinumab in adults with moderate and severe PsA were included. The overall PsA population and anti-TNF-alpha-naive, anti-TNF-alpha-failure, or anti-TNF-alpha-experienced subpopulations were considered. We identified eight eligible RCTs and included them in the systematic review and NMA. Significant differences in ACR20 response rate were revealed between secukinumab 150 mg and apremilast 20 mg [relative risk; RR = 2.55 (CI-confidence interval; 1.24, 5.23)] and between secukinumab 300 mg and apremilast 20 or 30 mg [RR = 3.57 CI (1.48, 8.64) and RR = 2.84 CI (1.18, 6.86), respectively]. Any AEs occurred more often in apremilast 20 and 30 mg compared with placebo [RR = 0.58 CI (0.45, 0.74) and RR = 0.58 CI (0.45, 0.75), respectively] but also compared with secukinumab 150 mg [RR = 0.54 CI (0.35, 0.81) and RR = 0.45 CI (0.35, 0.82), respectively]. No significant differences were revealed for SAEs among biologics and between biologics and placebo. In the overall population, as well as in the anti-TNF-alpha-naive subpopulation, secukinumab at a dose of 300 and 150 mg was ranked the highest for the ACR20 endpoint, while in the anti-TNF-alpha-experienced subpopulation, secukinumab 300 mg and apremilast 30 mg revealed the highest rank. Secukinumab 75 mg was the safest drug in terms of any AEs, but for SEAs the safest was ustekinumab 90 mg. Our study revealed no significant differences among non-anti-TNF-alpha biologics in the treatment of PsA in the comparisons performed with regards to the highest efficacy and safety. Both in the overall population and in the analyzed subpopulations, secukinumab 300 mg was ranked the highest for the ACR20 response rate. Secukinumab 300 mg was the safest drug in terms of any AEs, and ustekinumab 90 mg presented the lowest overall risk of SAEs. Head-to-head trials and evaluation of comparative efficacy and safety between non-TNF-alpha biologics are warranted to inform clinical decision making with a relevant treatment paradigm.
Dual IL-17A and IL-17F neutralisation by bimekizumab in psoriatic arthritis: evidence from preclinical experiments and a randomised placebo-controlled clinical trial that IL-17F contributes to human chronic tissue inflammation.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Interleukin (IL)-17A has emerged as pivotal in driving tissue pathology in immune-mediated inflammatory diseases. The role of IL-17F, sharing 50% sequence homology and overlapping biological function, remains less clear. We hypothesised that IL-17F, together with IL-17A, contributes to chronic tissue inflammation, and that dual neutralisation may lead to more profound suppression of inflammation than inhibition of IL-17A alone., METHODS: Preclinical experiments assessed the role of IL-17A and IL-17F in tissue inflammation using disease-relevant human cells. A placebo-controlled proof-of-concept (PoC) clinical trial randomised patients with psoriatic arthritis (PsA) to bimekizumab (n=39) or placebo (n=14). Safety, pharmacokinetics and clinical efficacy of multiple doses (weeks 0, 3, 6 (240 mg/160 mg/160 mg; 80 mg/40 mg/40 mg; 160 mg/80 mg/80 mg and 560 mg/320 mg/320 mg)) of bimekizumab, a humanised monoclonal IgG1 antibody neutralising both IL-17A and IL-17F, were investigated., RESULTS: IL-17F induced qualitatively similar inflammatory responses to IL-17A in skin and joint cells. Neutralisation of IL-17A and IL-17F with bimekizumab more effectively suppressed in vitro cytokine responses and neutrophil chemotaxis than inhibition of IL-17A or IL-17F alone. The PoC trial met both prespecified efficacy success criteria and showed rapid, profound responses in both joint and skin (pooled top three doses vs placebo at week 8: American College of Rheumatology 20% response criteria 80.0% vs 16.7% (posterior probability >99%); Psoriasis Area and Severity Index 100% response criteria 86.7% vs 0%), sustained to week 20, without unexpected safety signals., CONCLUSIONS: These data support IL-17F as a key driver of human chronic tissue inflammation and the rationale for dual neutralisation of IL-17A and IL-17F in PsA and related conditions., TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NCT02141763; Results. Copyright © Article author(s) (or their employer(s) unless otherwise stated in the text of the article) 2018. All rights reserved. No commercial use is permitted unless otherwise expressly granted.
Characterization of adherence and persistence profile in a real-life population of patients treated with adalimumab.$$$ AIMS: Published data on long-term adherence and persistence with adalimumab (Humira R ) in clinical practice are scarce and often limited to selected patient populations. This study assessed adherence with adalimumab across different indications and identified correlates and outcomes of poor adherence., METHODS: We analysed data originating from the electronic database of Maccabi Healthcare Services (MHS) that includes 2.1 million enrolees. We randomly selected patients with at least one dispense of adalimumab since it was included in the local health basket in Israel in 2008 until the end of 2013. Patients with the following indications (n = 1339) were included: Crohn's disease (CD), ulcerative colitis (UC), rheumatoid arthritis (RA), psoriatic arthritis (PSA), ankylosing spondylitis (AS) and psoriasis. Adherence with therapy was assessed by the medication possession ratio (MPR) during the follow-up period., RESULTS: Good adherence (MPR >= 80%) was observed among 80% of study patients and was associated with lower risk for >=1 hospitalization per year of follow-up (adjusted-OR = 1.94, 95% CI:1.15-3.28). Patients with AS and CD persisted on adalimumab therapy the most, reaching median use of 27.0 and 26.7 months, respectively. Half (52.4%) of the patients discontinued treatment during a mean (SD) follow-up of 3.07 (1.71) years. High socioeconomic status was associated with lower risk for discontinuation (adjusted-HR = 0.74; 0.60-0.91). UC and concomitant prednisolone use were associated with increased risk for treatment discontinuation (HR = 1.31; 1.00-1.72, and HR = 1.40; 1.17-1.68, respectively)., CONCLUSION: Our results indicate encouraging persistence and adherence with adalimumab of patients with inflammatory conditions. Copyright © 2017 The British Pharmacological Society.
Efficacy and Safety of Ixekizumab in Patients with Active Psoriatic Arthritis: 52-week Results from a Phase III Study (SPIRIT-P1).$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of ixekizumab (IXE), an interleukin 17A antagonist, in patients with psoriatic arthritis (PsA) after 52 weeks in a phase III study., METHODS: Patients were initially randomly assigned to IXE 80 mg every 2 weeks (IXEQ2W) or every 4 weeks (IXEQ4W) after a 160-mg starting dose, placebo (PBO), or adalimumab (ADA) 40 mg Q2W. At Week 24 (Week 16 for inadequate responders), ADA (8-week washout before starting IXE) and PBO patients were rerandomized to IXEQ2W or IXEQ4W. Six treatment groups were evaluated in the extension period (weeks 24-52): IXEQ2W/IXEQ2W, IXEQ4W/IXEQ4W, ADA/IXEQ2W, ADA/IXEQ4W, PBO/IXEQ2W, and PBO/IXEQ4W. The extension period population (EPP) included patients who received >= 1 dose of study medication during the extension period., RESULTS: There were 381/417 (91.4%) patients who entered the extension period. In the IXEQ4W/IXEQ4W and IXEQ2W/IXEQ2W groups (EPP), respectively, American College of Rheumatology (ACR)20 (69.1% and 68.8%), ACR50 (54.6% and 53.1%), and ACR70 (39.2% and 39.6%) response rates were sustained at Week 52. Patients rerandomized to IXE also demonstrated efficacy measured by ACR response rates at Week 52. A similar pattern was observed for Psoriasis Area and Severity Index outcomes. Radiographic progression in all 6 groups was minimal. The most frequently reported treatment-emergent adverse events (>= 4%) were nasopharyngitis, injection site reaction, injection site erythema, upper respiratory tract infection, and back pain. No deaths were reported, and serious adverse event frequency was 0-4% with IXE., CONCLUSION: During the extension period, IXEQ4W or IXEQ2W treatment demonstrated sustained efficacy in key PsA domains with a safety profile consistent with other studies investigating IXE. Clinical trial number: NCT01695239; EudraCT 2011-002326-49.
Efficacy and safety of biologics targeting interleukin-6, -12/23 and -17 pathways for peripheral psoriatic arthritis: a network meta-analysis.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the comparative efficacy, safety and tolerability of IL-6, IL-12/23 and IL-17 inhibitors for patients with active PsA., METHODS: Randomized controlled trials evaluating the efficacy, safety and tolerability of IL-6, IL-12/23 and IL-17 inhibitors were identified by a comprehensive systematic literature review. Pairwise meta-analyses and Bayesian network meta-analyses using the random effects model were performed to estimate pooled odds ratios (ORs) and 95% credible intervals of attaining a 20% or 50% improvement in ACR criteria (ACR20 and ACR50, respectively) across trials., RESULTS: Six trials were identified that included 2411 participants and 11 treatments. Pairwise meta-analysis showed that secukinumab, ustekinumab and ixekizumab demonstrated superior efficacy over placebo in achieving an ACR20 and ACR50 response. However, ixekizumab has a higher incidence of adverse events (AEs) than placebo. In contrast, ustekinumab has a higher tolerability (less likely to be discontinued due to AEs) than placebo. Network meta-analysis showed that secukinumab (300 mg monthly) had the highest efficacy in achieving ACR20 and ACR50, whereas clazakizumab (200 mg monthly), ustekinumab (45 mg 12 weekly) and secukinumab (150 mg monthly) had the lowest probability of having AEs, serious AEs and intolerability, respectively. Considering the overall risk-benefit profile, secukinumab (150 mg monthly) may offer an optimal balance for peripheral PsA patients., CONCLUSION: Secukinumab may be the safest and most efficacious short-term treatment for peripheral PsA among all the new biologics targeting IL-6, IL-12/23 and IL-17 pathways. Copyright © The Author 2017. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the British Society for Rheumatology. All rights reserved. For Permissions, please email: journals.permissions@oup.com
Dimethyl Fumarate: A Review in Moderate to Severe Plaque Psoriasis.$$$ Fumaric acid esters (FAEs) have been used in the treatment of psoriasis in some European countries for over 20 years, and are recommended in the European guidelines for the management of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. Dimethyl fumarate (Skilarence R; hereafter referred to as DMF) is an orally administered FAE indicated for the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis in adults in need of systemic medicinal therapy; unlike other available FAEs, it is not formulated in combination with monoethyl fumarate salts. EU approval was based on results of the phase III BRIDGE trial, and supported by previous publications of FAE preparations, including a combination of FAEs containing dimethyl fumarate and monoethyl fumarate salts (DMF/MEF; Fumaderm R). In the BRIDGE trial, DMF was superior to placebo in terms of the proportion of patients achieving a >= 75% improvement from baseline in the Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI 75) and a Physician Global Assessment score of 0 (clear) or 1 (almost clear) at week 16. DMF was also noninferior to DMF/MEF for PASI 75 at week 16. Patients receiving DMF also reported clinically meaningful improvements in body surface area involvement and health-related quality of life. The safety profile of DMF was similar to that of DMF/MEF, and no major or unexpected safety concerns were identified. The most common adverse events (flushing and gastrointestinal disorders) occurred mainly during the first few weeks of treatment. Currently available data indicate that DMF is an effective oral systemic treatment option for patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
Safety and efficacy of guselkumab in Japanese patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: a randomized, placebo-controlled, ascending-dose study.$$$ BACKGROUND: The interleukin (IL)-23/IL-17 pathway is central in the pathogenesis of psoriasis. The favourable efficacy and safety of guselkumab, an IL-23-specific monoclonal antibody, has been demonstrated in global phase III studies of plaque psoriasis., OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the safety, efficacy and pharmacokinetics of single-dose subcutaneous guselkumab in Japanese patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis., METHODS: Patients with >= 10% of total body surface area involvement and a Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) >= 12 were randomized (5 : 1) to receive guselkumab or placebo in four cohorts of this double-blind, placebo-controlled, single ascending-dose, single-centre study. Safety, pharmacokinetics and clinical response were monitored at baseline and specific time points over a 24-week follow-up period., RESULTS: To week 24, 55% (11/20) of patients in the guselkumab group and 50% (2/4) in the placebo group experienced >=1 adverse event (AE). No deaths, serious AEs or AEs leading to treatment discontinuation were reported. Maximum clinical response was seen at week 16 with PASI 75 (>= 75% improvement from baseline PASI) response in two of five (10 mg), four of five (30 mg and 300 mg) and three of five (100 mg) patients; and PASI 90 (>= 90% improvement from baseline PASI) in zero of five (10 mg), three of five (30 mg), two of five (100 mg) and three of five (300 mg) patients. Mean maximum serum concentration (Cmax ) and area under the curve from time zero to infinity values increased in a dose-proportional manner with a mean terminal half-life of 15.6-17.6 days and median time to reach Cmax of 4-6 days., CONCLUSIONS: Guselkumab was generally well-tolerated and exhibited sustained high levels of clinical response in Japanese patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis. Copyright © 2017 The Authors. British Journal of Dermatology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of British Association of Dermatologists.
Safety and efficacy of apremilast through 104 weeks in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis who continued on apremilast or switched from etanercept treatment: findings from the LIBERATE study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Apremilast, an oral phosphodiesterase-4 inhibitor, has demonstrated efficacy in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis., OBJECTIVE: To evaluate long-term efficacy and safety of apremilast in biologic-naive patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis and safety of switching from etanercept to apremilast in the phase 3b LIBERATE trial., METHODS: Two hundred fifty patients were randomized to placebo, apremilast 30 mg BID or etanercept 50 mg QW through Week 16; thereafter, all patients continued or switched to apremilast through Week 104 (extension phase). Skin, scalp and nail involvement at Weeks 16, 52 and 104 were assessed using the Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI; 0-72), Scalp Physician Global Assessment (ScPGA; 0-5) and Nail Psoriasis Severity Index (NAPSI; 0-8); patient-reported outcomes (PROs) were assessed using the Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI; 0-32) and pruritus visual analog scale (VAS; 0-100 mm)., RESULTS: The apremilast-extension phase (Weeks 16-104) included 226 patients in the placebo/apremilast (n = 73), apremilast/apremilast (n = 74) and etanercept/apremilast (n = 79) groups, and at Week 104, 50.7%, 45.9% and 51.9% of these patients, respectively, maintained >=75% reduction from baseline in PASI score (based on last-observation-carried-forward analysis). Across treatment groups, ScPGA 0 (clear) or 1 (minimal) was achieved by 50.0%-59.2% of patients; NAPSI mean change from baseline was -48.1% to -51.1%; DLQI score <=5 was achieved by 66.0%-72.5% of patients; and pruritus VAS mean change from baseline was -24.4 to -32.3. AEs in >=5% of patients (diarrhoea, nausea, nasopharyngitis, upper respiratory tract infection and headache) did not increase with prolonged apremilast exposure., CONCLUSIONS: Apremilast demonstrated significant and sustained improvements in skin, scalp, nails and PROs (pruritus and quality of life) over 104 weeks in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. Safety was consistent with the known safety profile of apremilast. Copyright © 2017 The Authors. Journal of the European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
Ixekizumab: an anti- IL-17A monoclonal antibody for the treatment of psoriatic arthritis.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Psoriatic arthritis (PsA) is an inflammatory rheumatic disease that manifests itself with synovitis, dactylitis, enthesitis and also axial involvement. Interleukin-17A has been identified as a master cytokine in the inflammatory response and pathogenesis of PsA and spondyloarthritis in general. Ixekizumab is a new humanized monoclonal antibody that blocks the biological activity of IL-17A. This biological agent has previously demonstrated a high level of efficacy in psoriasis. Areas covered: This review discusses the basic immunology of the IL-17 cytokine family, the contribution of IL-17A to the immunopathogenesis of PsA, the clinical trials that evaluated ixekizumab in patients with PsA (SPIRIT program) and the safety of this agent. Expert opinion: Ixekizumab demonstrated its efficacy in different aspects of PsA including peripheral joint involvement, dactylitis, skin symptoms and patient reported outcomes in the 2 phase III trials from the SPIRIT program. Its safety profile was consistent with previous observations in patients with psoriasis. The role of IL-17A in the management of patients with PsA needs further clarification. According to EULAR recommendations for the management of PsA, IL-17A inhibitors may be used as second line biological DMARDs after TNF inhibitors.
Matching-adjusted indirect comparison of efficacy in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis treated with ixekizumab vs. secukinumab.$$$ BACKGROUND: Head-to-head randomized studies comparing ixekizumab and secukinumab in the treatment of psoriasis are not available., OBJECTIVES: To assess efficacy and quality of life using matching-adjusted indirect comparisons for treatment with ixekizumab vs. secukinumab., METHODS: Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) improvement of at least 75%, 90% and 100% and Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI) 0/1 response rates for approved dosages of ixekizumab (160 mg at Week 0, then 80 mg every two weeks for the first 12 weeks) and secukinumab (300 mg at Weeks 0, 1, 2, 3 and 4, then 300 mg every 4 weeks) treatment were compared using data from active (etanercept and ustekinumab) and placebo-controlled studies. Comparisons were made using the Bucher (BU) method and two modified versions of the Signorovitch (SG) method (SG total and SG separate). Subsequently, results based on active treatment common comparators were combined using generic inverse-variance meta-analysis., RESULTS: In the meta-analysis of studies with active comparators, PASI 90 response rates were 12.7% [95% confidence interval (CI) 5.5-19.8, P = 0.0005], 10.0% (95% CI 2.1-18.0, P = 0.01) and 11.2% (95% CI 3.2-19.1, P = 0.006) higher and PASI 100 response rates were 11.7% (95% CI 5.9-17.5, P < 0.001), 12.7% (95% CI 6.0-19.4, P < 0.001) and 13.1% (95% CI 6.3-19.9, P < 0.001) higher for ixekizumab compared with secukinumab using BU, SG total and SG separate methods. PASI 75 results were comparable when SG methods were used and favoured ixekizumab when the BU method was used. Week 12 DLQI 0/1 response rates did not differ significantly., CONCLUSIONS: Ixekizumab had higher PASI 90 and PASI 100 responses at week 12 compared with secukinumab using adjusted indirect comparisons. Copyright © 2017 The Authors. British Journal of Dermatology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of British Association of Dermatologists.
Treating Moderate-to-Severe Plaque Psoriasis With Guselkumab: A Review of Phase II and Phase III Trials.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Guselkumab, an anti-interleukin-23 monoclonal antibody was recently approved for the treatment of patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. This article will review the available phase II and phase III guselkumab clinical trial data., DATA SOURCES: A PubMed search was conducted using the terms guselkumab, interleukin-23, psoriasis, adalimumab, and ustekinumab (January 2014 to August 2017)., STUDY SELECTION AND DATA EXTRACTION: Articles detailing the results of phase II and phase III clinical trials were selected for review., DATA SYNTHESIS: In 1 phase II and 2 phase III clinical trials, guselkumab was more effective than adalimumab and placebo in reducing Physician's Global Assessment and Investigator Global Assessment (IGA) scores in those with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. In a separate phase III trial, transitioning to guselkumab treatment was more effective than continued ustekinumab use in reducing IGA scores in those who were minimally responsive to ustekinumab ( P = 0.001). Trial results did not reveal specific patterns in adverse event (AE) incidence; the most commonly reported AEs were nasopharyngitis, headache, and upper-respiratory-tract infections. No increased incidence of malignancy, tuberculosis, or serious infections were observed with the use of guselkumab., CONCLUSIONS: Guselkumab appears to be a safe and effective option for the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis in patients who have been screened for susceptibility to infection and are candidates for systemic treatment or phototherapy. However, long-term safety data are lacking.
Immunosuppression/Infections across Indications.$$$ There is increasing use of cytokine inhibitors (including biologics) in the treatment of psoriasis as their efficacy and safety have been demonstrated. Cytokines are important signaling molecules evolved to coordinate a response to infectious threat. In this study, we review available trial, registry and cohort study data pertaining to the immunosuppressive effects of these medications when used to treat psoriasis. The risk of infection associated with these medications is small. Special considerations include the use of these agents in the setting of granulomatous infections, viral hepatitis, human immunodeficiency virus infection, fungal infection and in the perioperative state. Copyright © 2018 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Clinical Trial and Registry Data.$$$ Physicians rely on safety and efficacy data from pivotal trials to guide treatment decisions and manage patients. Even with robust clinical trial data, there remain questions regarding rare safety events and generalizability. Registries complement clinical trials. By evaluating effectiveness and safety in broad patient populations and often providing longer term or larger numbers of patients or both compared to clinical trials, registries consolidate and may extend the safety observations derived from pivotal trials. Our review of phase 3 clinical trial data, long-term extension studies and biologics registries shows biologics to be a safe option for short- and long-term use. Tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-, interleukin (IL)-12/23- and IL-17-antagonists yield similar safety profiles regarding infections, malignancy and major adverse cardiovascular events. The known risk of tuberculosis activation with TNF agonists appears to be readily handled by screening. Mild to moderate candida infections and potential exacerbation or de novo onset of inflammatory bowel disease are associated with IL-17 blockade. Copyright © 2018 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Fumaric acid esters in combination with a 6-week course of narrowband ultraviolet B provides an accelerated response compared with fumaric acid esters monotherapy in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: a randomized prospective clinical study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Fumaric acid esters (FAE) are safe and effective in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis but have a slow onset of action. A short-term combination with narrowband ultraviolet B (NB-UVB) may substantially accelerate the therapeutic response in the induction phase of treatment., OBJECTIVES: To assess the synergistic effect of a 6-week course of NB-UVB phototherapy in addition to FAE in adults with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis., METHODS: In this randomized, assessor-masked trial, patients with a Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) of >= 10 and a body surface area affected of >= 10 were randomized either to monotherapy with FAE (n = 16) or a combination of FAE with NB-UVB (n = 14). The primary outcome parameter of the study was the mean PASI reduction after 6 weeks of treatment. In addition, the PASI 75 response (>= 75% improvement from baseline PASI), the Psoriasis Log-based Area and Severity Index (PLASI) and the Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI) were assessed as secondary outcome measures., RESULTS: In total, 30 patients (19 men, 11 women; median age 52 years, interquartile range 36-56) were analysed. The mean reduction in PASI after 6 weeks was significantly greater with the combination treatment than with FAE monotherapy (P = 0.016). This was paralleled by a much faster improvement in the DLQI in the combination group than in the FAE-monotherapy group., CONCLUSIONS: Adding a 6-week course of NB-UVB to FAE both accelerates and augments the therapeutic response during the early phase of treatment and increases quality of life in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. Copyright © 2017 British Association of Dermatologists.
The impact of biologic agents on health-related quality of life outcomes in patients with psoriasis.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Psoriasis is a common, immune-mediated skin disease often associated with significant physical and psychosocial impairment. Antipsoriatic biologic agents offer patients unparalleled treatment potential in regard to greater skin clearance and overall improved quality of life. Evaluation of the therapeutic efficacy of biologic agents on the full psoriasis disease burden must account for their impact on both physical symptoms, as well as patient-reported, health-related quality of life (HRQoL) measurements. Areas covered: Results from numerous clinical trials demonstrate the significant clinical efficacy of biological agents targeting tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) and the interleukin (IL)-12/23 and IL-17 immune pathways. However, relatively limited data is available evaluating their full effect on quality of life outcomes. This review will discuss the most relevant and up-to-date clinical data on HRQoL measurements related to treatment with these aforementioned biologic agents. Expert commentary: Patient-reported outcomes (i.e. Dermatology Life Quality Index) are being used with increasing frequency in clinical trials, and provide valuable information on the impact of psoriasis on numerous aspects of day-to-day living. These outcomes must also be incorporated in clinical practice, in addition to physical assessment of disease severity, treatment decisions, and therapeutic response in the psoriasis patient population.
A systematic review of active comparator controlled clinical trials in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis.$$$ PURPOSE: Interleukin (IL)-17 and IL-23 inhibitors are the newest biologic agents used in the management of moderate-to-severe psoriasis. Active comparator studies allow for direct comparison of different biologic agents. We sought to systematically investigate the efficacy of newer biologic agents compared to earlier biologics., MATERIALS AND METHODS: We conducted a literature search for randomized control trials that compared the efficacy of a biologic agent with an active comparator. Articles from January 1 2010 to June 26 2017 were searched. Reference lists were also reviewed for studies for inclusion., RESULTS: Twelve studies were included, a majority being phase III trials. All of the studies compared the efficacy of IL-17 and IL-23 inhibitors with adalimumab, etanercept, or ustekinumab with the exception of one study that compared the efficacy of ustekinumab with etanercept. IL-17 and IL-23 inhibitors consistently demonstrate superior efficacy over TNF inhibitors and ustekinumab as assessed by 75%, 90%, and 100% improvement in baseline Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) scores at week 12., CONCLUSIONS: Overall, IL-17 and IL-23 inhibitors appear to demonstrate superior efficacy and more rapid clinical improvement when compared to older biologic agents. This review may help predict patient outcomes, manage patient expectations, and biologic agent utilization.
A new class of biologic agents facing the therapeutic paradigm in psoriasis: anti-IL-23 agents.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Psoriasis is a chronic inflammatory skin disease whose pathogenesis is driven by multiple cytokine-mediated pathways. In this immunologic setting, the centrality of the IL-23/IL-17 axis and its therapeutic relevance has emerged., AREAS COVERED: This review is aimed at collecting preliminary data on IL23p19 blockers developed for the treatment of plaque psoriasis. Three agents, guselkumab, risankizumab, and tildrakizumab, are currently being tested in phase III trials, while LY2525623 is currently being tested in phase II trials. Treatment with these agents resulted in a marked improvement in disease severity, confirming the pathogenic relevance of IL-23 in psoriasis., EXPERT OPINION: Selective neutralization of IL-23 is an advantageous strategy for treating psoriasis. Preliminary data from phase II and III trials have shown the capability of this therapeutic class in inducing complete clearance or almost complete clearance in many patients: the highest PASI 90 rates were achieved by guselkumab, tildrakizumab, and risankizumab in 73.3%, 74% and 77% of cases, respectively. Moreover, the highest PASI 100 rates were achieved in 33%, 14%, and 48% of patients treated with guselkumab, tildrakizumab, and risankizumab, respectively. Further studies are needed to confirm this remarkable efficacy over long-term treatment periods.
Six week evaluation of the potential for topical desoximetasone 0.25% spray to induce photoallergic skin reaction.$$$ PURPOSE: Desoximetasone 0.25% topical spray is a novel formulation that has not been tested or approved for safety and efficacy. The primary objective was to determine the potential of desoximetasone 0.25 and 0.05% topical sprays, as well as a vehicle to induce photoallergic skin reaction after repeated topical application and irradiation to the skin using a controlled photopatch testing procedure., MATERIALS AND METHODS: 53 subjects completed the study, each with six application sites (two of each treatment), three of which were irradiated and three non-irradiated, for an induction period of three weeks and then challenge period at week 6., RESULTS: Desoximetasone 0.25 and 0.05%, as well as vehicle showed no evidence of potential to induce photosensitization. There was statistically significantly greater irritation at the vehicle irradiated site in comparison to the irradiated treatment area of desoximetasone 0.25% (p = .005) and the irradiated treatment area of desoximetasone 0.05% (p = .008)., CONCLUSION: Our results suggest that regular treatment with desoximetasone 0.25 and 0.05% spray, followed by UV light exposure does not induce photosensitization or photo-irritation. These findings increase confidence for the use of this topical spray in eczema or psoriasis patients who may also be receiving UV light therapy and may contribute to the clinical management of these patients.
Choosing First-Line Biologic Treatment for Moderate-to-Severe Psoriasis: What Does the Evidence Say?.$$$ An advanced understanding of the pathogenesis of psoriasis has led to the development of multiple therapeutic options for moderate-to-severe psoriasis. Tumor necrosis factor inhibitors, ustekinumab, interleukin-17 inhibitors, and guselkumab (an interleukin-23 inhibitor recently approved for psoriasis) are commercially available biologic agents for psoriasis. Evidence from clinical trials provides pertinent information regarding the safety and efficacy of biologic agents for psoriasis, which should be integrated into clinical decision making. However, disease presentations, disease severity, and comorbid conditions can complicate the choice of initial treatment, which underscores the importance of providing personalized therapy for patients with psoriasis. Furthermore, each biologic agent offers unique benefits and limitations for the treatment of patients with psoriasis. Here, evidence-based recommendations are presented and discussed regarding first-line biologic therapy options for patients with psoriasis and distinct comorbid conditions or patient-related factors. We discuss the comorbid conditions of psoriatic arthritis, multiple sclerosis, congestive heart failure, inflammatory bowel disease, hepatitis B, and latent tuberculosis. Moreover, we describe treatment recommendations for distinct patient populations with psoriasis, including pediatric patients with psoriasis and patients with psoriasis of childbearing potential and nursing.
Trial Characteristics as Contextual Factors When Evaluating Targeted Therapies in Patients With Psoriatic Disease: A Meta-Epidemiologic Study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess the importance of trial characteristics as contextual factors when evaluating the treatment effect of targeted therapies for patients with psoriatic disease., METHODS: We identified randomized controlled trials (RCTs) evaluating targeted therapies approved for psoriatic arthritis (PsA) and psoriasis (8 biologics and apremilast). The effect of targeted therapies was analyzed in the 2 psoriatic conditions combined by using drug retention as a common outcome, and separately by using the American College of Rheumatology 20% improvement criteria (ACR20) for PsA and the Psoriasis Area Severity Index 75% improvement score (PASI75) for psoriasis. We explored potential effect modification of trial characteristics in stratified and meta-regression analyses. Odds ratios (ORs) were calculated and compared among the trial eligibility criteria via the ratio of ORs., RESULTS: Forty-eight PsA and psoriasis trials (51 comparisons; 17,737 patients) were eligible. Overall retention was OR 2.16 (95% confidence interval [95% CI] 1.70-2.75) with higher odds for PsA trials compared with psoriasis trials (ratio of ORs 2.55 [95% CI 1.64-3.97]). The eligibility criteria "targeted therapy history," "minimum required disease duration," "required negative rheumatoid factor," and "required Classification Criteria for Psoriatic Arthritis criteria" were of importance for achieving ACR20 in PsA. The eligibility criterion "minimum required disease duration" was of importance for achieving PASI75 in psoriasis. A total of 7 PsA trials had rescue before time-point-of-retention reporting (adaptive trials)., CONCLUSION: From this exploratory meta-epidemiologic study, we now have evidence from RCTs to support the notion that patients with PsA are more likely to adhere to targeted therapies compared to patients with psoriasis. Furthermore, we identified a few contextual factors of importance in regard to achieving ACR20 in PsA trials and PASI75 in psoriasis trials. Copyright © 2017, American College of Rheumatology.
Effect of secukinumab on quality of life and psoriasis-related symptoms: A comparative analysis versus ustekinumab from the CLEAR 52-week study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Secukinumab has demonstrated greater sustained skin clearance than ustekinumab through week 52, greater improvement in symptoms and health-related quality of life, and comparable safety profile., OBJECTIVE: To assess the impact of secukinumab versus that of ustekinumab on complete relief from psoriasis-related symptoms, time to response in terms of health-related quality of life, and cumulative benefit among patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis., METHODS: Psoriasis-related pain, itching, and scaling and the Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI) score were compared between treatments on the basis of time to complete relief of symptoms and time to DLQI response in the CLEAR trial. Cumulative benefit over 52 weeks based on Psoriasis Area and Severity Index score, symptom relief, and DLQI response were evaluated by area under the curve analysis., RESULTS: Significantly more patients treated with secukinumab achieved complete relief of pain at weeks 16 and 52 (all P < .05). Complete relief of itching and scaling occurred significantly faster with secukinumab (median, 4 weeks faster for itching and 8 weeks faster for scaling [P < .001]). Response as measured by the DLQI was 4 weeks faster with secukinumab (P < .0001). Cumulative benefits were greater with secukinumab (all P < .05)., LIMITATIONS: Analyses were post hoc., CONCLUSION: This patient-reported outcome analysis confirms greater and sustained benefits of secukinumab versus those of ustekinumab treatment on patients' lives. Copyright © 2017 American Academy of Dermatology, Inc. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Review of IL-17 inhibitors for psoriasis.$$$ Background: The development of biologic agents directed against distinct cytokines and receptors has advanced the therapeutic options available for psoriasis patients. Evidence from preclinical studies suggests that IL-17 may contribute to the pathogenesis of psoriasis. Objective: The objective was to review the safety and efficacy profile for each IL-17 inhibitor by evaluating phase III clinical trial data. Methods: We reviewed the results of phase III clinical trials for the IL-17 inhibitors secukinumab, ixekizumab, and brodalumab. Results: At week 12, the proportion of patients reaching Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI 75) was above 60% for the most efficacious dose of each agent with favorable and comparable safety profiles. The most commonly reported adverse events were nasopharyngitis, headache, and upper respiratory tract infection. Conclusions: The clinical improvement among psoriasis patients on IL-17 inhibitors is similar or superior to the improvement seen with commercially produced biologic agents available accompanied by a favorable short-term safety profile. The results of the phase III trials indicate that IL-17 inhibitors are effective therapeutic options for psoriasis patients.
Apremilast for the treatment of moderate-to-severe palmoplantar psoriasis: results from a double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Palmoplantar psoriasis is a variant of psoriasis vulgaris which can severely impair quality of life., OBJECTIVES: The main objectives of this double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized study were to assess the efficacy and impact on quality of life and work productivity of apremilast for the treatment of moderate-to-severe palmoplantar psoriasis., METHODS: A total of 100 patients with moderate-to-severe palmoplantar psoriasis were randomized to either apremilast 30 mg bid or placebo for 16 weeks. At Week 16, all patients received apremilast 30 mg bid until Week 32. The primary endpoint was the proportion of patients who achieved a Palmoplantar Psoriasis Physician Global Assessment (PPPGA) of 0/1 at Week 16., RESULTS: There was no significant difference in the proportion of patients who achieved a PPPGA of 0/1 at Week 16 between patients randomized to apremilast (14%) and placebo (4%; P = 0.1595). After 32 weeks of treatment with apremilast, 24% of patients achieved a PPGA of 0/1. In addition, apremilast was superior to placebo in achieving Palmoplantar Psoriasis Area Severity Index (PPPASI) 75 (apremilast: 22%; placebo: 8%; P = 0.0499), in improving PPPASI (apremilast: -7.4 +/- 7.1; placebo: -3.6 +/- 5.9; P = 0.0167), Dermatology Life Quality Index score (apremilast: -4.3 +/- 5.1; placebo: -0.8 +/- 4.5; P = 0.0004) and in reducing activity impairment (apremilast: -11.0 +/- 22.3; placebo: 2.5 +/- 25.5; P = 0.0063)., CONCLUSION: Despite the absence of a significant difference between apremilast and placebo in proportion of patients achieving a PPPGA of 0/1, the presence of significant differences observed for several secondary endpoints suggests that apremilast may have a role in the treatment of moderate-to-severe palmoplantar psoriasis. Copyright © 2017 European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
Guselkumab for psoriasis: a critical appraisal of Phase III studies.$$$ Biologic therapies have raised the frontiers of accepted treatment efficacy for severe psoriasis. Guselkumab is an IgG1 monoclonal antibody that binds to the p19 subunit and inhibits IL-23. In three Phase III randomized, active comparator and placebo controlled trials, guselkumab demonstrated superior efficacy and a comparable safety profile when assessed against adalimumab and ustekinumab. Critical appraisal highlighted uncertainties over risk of bias from missing details in the trial publications that would be overcome with the provision of accompanying trial protocols, as well as the need for a head-to-head trial against an IL-17 inhibitor. Overall, guselkumab is a promising addition to the biologic options for psoriasis due to its high efficacy, safe profile, low immunogenicity and efficacy in ustekinumab and adalimumab nonresponders.
Biologics in pediatric psoriasis - efficacy and safety.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Childhood psoriasis is a special situation that is a management challenge for the treating dermatologist. As is the situation with traditional systemic agents, which are commonly used in managing severe psoriasis in children, the biologics are being increasingly used in the recalcitrant disease despite limited data on long term safety., AREAS COVERED: We performed an extensive literature search to collect evidence-based data on the use of biologics in pediatric psoriasis. The relevant literature published from 2000 to September 2017 was obtained from PubMed, using the MeSH words 'biologics', 'biologic response modifiers' and 'treatment of pediatric/childhood psoriasis'. All clinical trials, randomized double-blind or single-blind controlled trials, open-label studies, retrospective studies, reviews, case reports and letters concerning the use of biologics in pediatric psoriasis were screened. Articles covering the use of biologics in pediatric psoriasis were screened and reference lists in the selected articles were scrutinized to identify other relevant articles that had not been found in the initial search. Articles without relevant information about biologics in general (e.g. its mechanism of action, pharmacokinetics and adverse effects) and its use in psoriasis in particular were excluded. We screened 427 articles and finally selected 41 relevant articles., EXPERT OPINION: The available literature on the use of biologics such as anti-tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha agents, and anti-IL-12/23 agents like ustekinumab suggests that these are effective and safe in managing severe pediatric psoriasis although there is an urgent need to generate more safety data. Dermatologists must be careful about the potential adverse effects of the biologics before administering them to children with psoriasis. It is likely that with rapidly evolving scenario of biologics in psoriasis, these will prove to be very useful molecules particularly in managing severe and recalcitrant psoriasis in pediatric age group.
Adalimumab for nail psoriasis: Efficacy and safety from the first 26 weeks of a phase 3, randomized, placebo-controlled trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Previous clinical trials have not evaluated improvement in nail psoriasis as a primary end point., OBJECTIVE: This phase 3 trial evaluated the safety and efficacy of adalimumab in patients with moderate-to-severe fingernail psoriasis and moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis., METHODS: Patients were randomized 1:1 to 40 mg adalimumab every other week or placebo. The primary efficacy end point was at least 75% improvement in total-fingernail modified Nail Psoriasis Severity Index (NAPSI75) response rate at week 26. Ranked secondary end point scores evaluated at week 26 were total-fingernail NAPSI and modified NAPSI, nail pain, Nail Psoriasis Physical Functioning Severity, Brigham Scalp Nail Inverse Palmo-Plantar Psoriasis Index, and Physician's Global Assessment (fingernail psoriasis)., RESULTS: Of the 217 randomized patients (108 received placebo and 109 received adalimumab), 188 (86.6%) completed 26 weeks of treatment (period A) or escaped early to the open-label period. The study met the primary end point (response rate of 3.4% with placebo vs 46.6% with adalimumab [P < .001]) and all ranked secondary end points. The serious adverse event rates (placebo vs adalimumab) in period A were 4.6% versus 7.3%; the serious infections rates were 1.9% versus 3.7%., LIMITATIONS: Patients with less than 5% BSA involvement were not eligible for enrollment., CONCLUSIONS: After 26 weeks of adalimumab treatment, significant improvements were seen in the primary and all ranked secondary end points and in signs and symptoms of moderate-to-severe nail psoriasis versus with placebo and no new safety risks were identified. Copyright © 2017 American Academy of Dermatology, Inc. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Ixekizumab treatment for psoriasis: integrated efficacy analysis of three double-blinded, controlled studies (UNCOVER-1, UNCOVER-2, UNCOVER-3).$$$ BACKGROUND: Ixekizumab, a high-affinity monoclonal antibody that selectively targets interleukin (IL)-17A, is approved for the treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis., OBJECTIVES: This analysis represents an overview of the efficacy outcomes from three phase III psoriasis studies., METHODS: Data were integrated from the 12-week induction period of three studies in which patients received ixekizumab 80 mg every 2 weeks (IXE Q2W; n = 1169) or every 4 weeks (IXE Q4W; n = 1165) after an initial 160-mg dose for both; etanercept (50 mg biweekly; n = 740; two studies) or placebo (n = 792). The coprimary end points were the percentages of patients with response of static Physician's Global Assessment (sPGA; score 0 or 1) and >= 75% improvement in baseline Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI 75) at week 12. Response rates were compared between treatments using the Cochran-Mantel-Haenszel test stratified by study. Treatment comparisons with placebo included data from three studies, whereas etanercept comparisons were based on two studies., RESULTS: Ixekizumab treatment was superior to placebo (P < 0.001) and etanercept (P < 0.001) on sPGA (0, 1) and PASI 75, with significant differences in PASI improvement at week 1. With IXE Q2W, at week 12, the frequencies of patients achieving PASI 75, 90 and 100 were nearly 90%, 70% and 40%, respectively. Ixekizumab-treated patients showed significantly greater improvement vs. placebo and etanercept in percentage body surface area involvement and fingernail psoriasis. IXE Q2W was superior to IXE Q4W on all treatment outcomes., CONCLUSIONS: Ixekizumab therapy at both dosing regimens demonstrated rapid onset and superior efficacy to placebo and etanercept, with IXE Q2W providing better outcomes than IXE Q4W during the first 12 weeks of treatment. Copyright © 2017 The Authors. British Journal of Dermatology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of British Association of Dermatologists.
Psychiatric adverse events during treatment with brodalumab: Analysis of psoriasis clinical trials.$$$ BACKGROUND: Individuals with psoriasis are at increased risk for psychiatric comorbidities, including suicidal ideation and behavior (SIB)., OBJECTIVE: To distinguish between the underlying risk and potential for treatment-induced psychiatric adverse events in patients with psoriasis being treated with brodalumab, a fully human anti-interleukin 17 receptor A monoclonal antibody., METHODS: Data were evaluated from a placebo-controlled, phase 2 clinical trial; the open-label, long-term extension of the phase 2 clinical trial; and three phase 3, randomized, double-blind, controlled clinical trials (AMAGINE-1, AMAGINE-2, and AMAGINE-3) and their open-label, long-term extensions of patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis., RESULTS: The analysis included 4464 patients with 9161.8 patient-years of brodalumab exposure. The follow-up time-adjusted incidence rates of SIB events were comparable between the brodalumab and ustekinumab groups throughout the 52-week controlled phases (0.20 vs 0.60 per 100 patient-years). In the brodalumab group, 4 completed suicides were reported, 1 of which was later adjudicated as indeterminate; all patients had underlying psychiatric disorders or stressors., LIMITATIONS: There was no comparator arm past week 52. Controlled study periods were not powered to detect differences in rare events such as suicide., CONCLUSIONS: Comparison with controls and the timing of events do not indicate a causal relationship between SIB and brodalumab treatment. Copyright © 2017 American Academy of Dermatology, Inc. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Multiple switches between GP2015, an etanercept biosimilar, with originator product do not impact efficacy, safety and immunogenicity in patients with chronic plaque-type psoriasis: 30-week results from the phase 3, confirmatory EGALITY study.$$$ BACKGROUND: EGALITY was a phase III confirmatory efficacy and safety study conducted in patients with plaque-type psoriasis as a part of totality of evidence gathered during the development of GP2015, an etanercept biosimilar., OBJECTIVE: To demonstrate equivalent efficacy and comparable safety and immunogenicity of GP2015 and the etanercept originator product (ETN, Enbrel R ) and evaluate effects of repeated switching between GP2015 and ETN. Results for efficacy, safety and immunogenicity during treatment period (TP) 2 (TP2) are presented pooling the two continued treatment arms (pooled continued) versus the two treatment arms with repeated switches (pooled switched)., METHODS: Patients (n = 531) were randomized 1:1 to self-administer GP2015 or ETN twice-weekly subcutaneously during TP1. Patients with a >=50% improvement in Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI 50) at week 12 were re-randomized for TP2 to continue the same treatment at once-weekly dosing or to undergo three consecutive treatment switches between GP2015 and ETN until week 30. Patients continued the last-assigned treatment during TP2, until week 52., RESULTS: Mean (standard deviation [SD]) PASI scores at baseline were similar in patients who underwent multiple switches compared to those with continued treatments during TP2. During TP2, PASI 50, PASI 75 and PASI 90 response rates, percent change from baseline in PASI scores and all other efficacy parameters were similar between the pooled switched and pooled continued treatment groups at all time points. The incidence of treatment-emergent adverse events including injection site reactions was comparable between the pooled switched (36.7%) and pooled continued (34.9%) groups. None of the patients in either treatment group were positive for binding anti-drug antibodies in TP2., CONCLUSION: Treatment efficacy, safety and immunogenicity were similar between the pooled continued and pooled switched treatments during TP2, indicating that there are no effects in the short term on clinical data of multiple switches between GP2015 and ETN. Copyright © 2017 The Authors. Journal of the European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
Efficacy of guselkumab in subpopulations of patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: a pooled analysis of the phase III VOYAGE 1 and VOYAGE 2 studies.$$$ BACKGROUND: Significant advances have been made in the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis with biological therapies; however, these agents may not work equally in all populations., OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the efficacy of guselkumab in patient subgroups with moderate-to-severe psoriasis from the pooled guselkumab VOYAGE 1 and VOYAGE 2 phase III studies., METHODS: Using data from the pooled VOYAGE 1 and VOYAGE 2 psoriasis studies, analyses were performed to evaluate the consistency of efficacy [Investigator's Global Assessment (IGA) 0/1 (cleared or minimal psoriasis) and IGA 0 (cleared)] across subpopulations defined by demographics, baseline disease characteristics and previous psoriasis treatment., RESULTS: A total of 1829 patients were randomized. Baseline demographics, disease characteristics and previous psoriasis treatment were comparable across treatment groups in the pooled population. Guselkumab, an anti-interleukin (IL)-23 monoclonal antibody that binds to the p19 subunit of IL-23, provided substantial benefit across almost all subpopulations, with greater proportions of patients achieving IGA 0/1 vs. placebo at week 16, and vs. adalimumab (an antitumour necrosis factor monoclonal antibody) at week 24. Patients treated with guselkumab achieved greater efficacy (IGA 0/1 and IGA 0) compared with adalimumab at week 24 across all weight quartiles, most notably among patients weighing >= 100 kg., CONCLUSIONS: This analysis demonstrates a high degree of efficacy with guselkumab treatment compared with placebo at week 16 and with adalimumab at week 24 among broad subpopulations of patients with varying baseline demographics, disease characteristics and previous psoriasis treatments. Copyright © 2017 The Authors. British Journal of Dermatology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of British Association of Dermatologists.
Long-term Impact of Ixekizumab on Psoriasis Itch Severity: Results from a Phase III Clinical Trial and Long-term Extension.$$$ Itching is a prevalent plaque psoriasis symptom. Ixekizumab, an IL-17A antagonist, has demonstrated rapid, significant improvements in itch severity over 12 weeks in Phase III psoriasis trials (UNCOVER-1, UNCOVER-2). We assessed the long-term (through 60 weeks) effect of ixekizumab maintenance therapy (80-mg ixekizumab every 4 weeks [IXEQ4W]) on itch severity, using the Itch Numeric Rating Scale, in psoriasis patients who received ixekizumab, placebo, or etanercept for 12 weeks in the Phase III UNCOVER-3 trial. After 12 weeks, patients either continued or switched to IXEQ4W. Mean improvements in itch severity achieved with 12 weeks of ixekizumab (-4.7 to -5.1) were maintained through 60 weeks with IXEQ4W (-4.9 to -5.0). Patients who initially received placebo or etanercept experienced rapid itch severity improvements after switching to ixekizumab at Week 12 (Week 12, placebo: -0.6; etanercept: -3.8; Week 60, placebo/IXEQ4W: -4.9; etanercept/IXEQ4W: -4.7). Ixekizumab maintenance therapy sustained improvements in itch severity through 60 weeks.
Reduction of Inflammatory and Cardiovascular Proteins in the Blood of Patients with Psoriasis: Differential Responses between Tofacitinib and Etanercept after 4 Weeks of Treatment.$$$ Patients with psoriasis have an increased risk of myocardial infarction, and psoriasis is now recognized as an independent risk factor for coronary heart disease and cardiovascular mortality. To understand the effects of psoriasis medications on systemic inflammation associated with cardiovascular risks, we studied blood proteins related to inflammation and cardiovascular disease archived from a phase 3 clinical trial of tofacitinib and etanercept in adults with moderate-to-severe psoriasis. A total of 157 blood proteins were quantified by a proximity extension assay from 266 patients at baseline and week 4. Protein changes in the blood after 1 month of treatment were compared between tofacitinib (10 mg two times a day) and etanercept (50 mg biweekly), and by response status at week 12. Tofacitinib and etanercept commonly reduced IL-6, CCL20, and CXCL10, but IL-17A was significantly reduced only in responders of either treatment. Compared with etanercept, tofacitinib showed a wider spectrum of cardiovascular blood protein reduction, but the protein reduction effects of tofacitinib were strictly confined to treatment responders. Tumor necrosis factor receptor 1, E-selectin, hK11, tumor necrosis factor-related activation-induced cytokine, CHI3L1, IL-16, and matrix metalloproteinase-12 were cardiovascular proteins significantly reduced only in tofacitinib responders. Our data suggest that a short-term systemic psoriasis treatment can cause reductions in circulating inflammatory and other proteins associated with cardiovascular risks. Copyright © 2017 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of Efficacy and Safety of Novel Interleukin Inhibitors in the Management of Psoriatic Arthritis.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to systemically review the efficacy and safety of inhibitors of interleukin 6 (IL-6): clazakizumab, IL-12/23: ustekinumab, and IL-17A: secukinumab, brodalumab, and ixekizumab in psoriatic arthritis (PsA)., METHODS: The literature search was conducted using MEDLINE, EMBASE, Cochrane Library, Scopus, and Web of Science. We included randomized controlled trials that assessed the efficacy of IL inhibitors and reported American College of Rheumatology 20 response at 24 weeks. Meta-analysis was done using random-effects model utilizing the DerSimonian and Laird method. Quality assessment was done using RobotReviewer Cochrane Risk-of-Bias Assessment Tool. Heterogeneity was assessed with Q statistic and quantified with I. Publication bias was assessed with a funnel plot., RESULTS: Eight studies including 2722 subjects demonstrate the efficacy of IL inhibitors clazakizumab, secukinumab, ixekizumab, brodalumab, and ustekinumab in the treatment of PsA. The American College of Rheumatology 20/50/70 risk ratios were 2.02 (95% confidence interval [CI], 1.65-2.47; P = 0.000), 2.95 (95% CI, 2.32-3.73; P = 0.00), and 5.14 (95% CI, 3.28-8.06; P = 0.00), respectively, in favor of treatment versus placebo. There was no evidence of significant heterogeneity between trials. Subgroup analysis showed efficacy in patients who were tumor necrosis factor naive, as well as tumor necrosis factor nonresponders or inadequate responders. The number of adverse events was higher in the treatment groups versus placebo, the majority were mild and did not require treatment adjustment (risk ratio, 1.17; 95% CI, 1.06-1.28; P = 0.001). There was no significant difference in drug withdrawals., CONCLUSIONS: Our meta-analysis shows that the inhibitors of IL-6 (clazakizumab), IL-12/23 (ustekinumab), and IL-17A (secukinumab, brodalumab, ixekizumab) are efficacious and generally well tolerated when used to treat patients with PsA.
Apremilast in psoriasis - a prospective real-world study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Apremilast is a novel oral phosphodiesterase-4 inhibitor approved for psoriasis treatment. Randomized trials have documented its efficacy and safety, but data on real-world patients are scarce., OBJECTIVES: We aim to characterize psoriasis patients treated with apremilast in a real-world setting and calculate drug survival as an important measure of efficacy and compliance., METHODS: All patients with psoriasis who received apremilast between 1 April 2015 and 19 January 2017 were evaluated every 4 weeks, and we documented: age, weight, height, smoking status, family history of psoriasis, joint involvement, previous treatments, psoriasis area severity index (PASI) scores, and the onset and duration of adverse events (AE). Efficacy was analysed by PASI50, PASI75 and PASI90, reflecting the improvement of skin lesions compared to the PASI-baseline. Kaplan-Meier statistics were used for drug survival estimates., RESULTS: Forty-eight patients were included. The median apremilast drug survival was 12.5 weeks (range 1-87). Three patients (6.3%) reached PASI90, nine (18.8%) PASI75 and eight patients (16.7%) PASI50. Patient weight inversely correlated with a PASI50 response (P < 0.05, n = 37), and none of the obese patients (BMI > 30.0, n = 6) reached PASI75, compared to 32% of the non-obese patients (BMI < 30.0, n = 31). Thirty-one patients (64.6%) reported at least one AE, most frequently diarrhoea (n = 21, 43.8%), headache (n = 7, 14.6%) and joint pain (n = 5, 10.4%)., CONCLUSIONS: Despite differences between real-world and trial patients, apremilast is safe and effective for the treatment of skin psoriasis in the daily practice. Up to 40% of patients will reach PASI50 or higher, but only few patients will reach PASI90. Bodyweight might affect drug efficacy. Copyright © 2017 European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
Impact of ixekizumab on facial psoriasis and related quality of life measures in moderate-to-severe psoriasis patients: 12-week results from two phase III trials.$$$ BACKGROUND: Facial psoriasis was reported in 17-68% of patients with psoriasis and shown to have a negative impact on patients' personal and health-related quality of life (HRQoL)., OBJECTIVES: To explore the association of facial psoriasis with patients' HRQoL and to assess the relationship between ixekizumab (IXE) and improvement in facial psoriasis and changes in HRQoL., METHODS: This work reports the combined results of two phase III multicentre, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, active-comparator trials in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis. Patients received placebo, etanercept (ETN; 50 mg twice weekly) or IXE [80 mg every 4 weeks (Q4W) or every 2 weeks (Q2W)] for up to 12 weeks following an initial 160-mg dose. HRQoL parameters were analysed based on facial psoriasis status at baseline using analysis of covariance models. Improvement was assessed as percentage of patients with no facial psoriasis., RESULTS: The combined database included 1133 patients with facial psoriasis and 1437 without. Patients treated with IXE whose facial psoriasis cleared had improved Dermatology Life Quality Index 0.1 responses (P < 0.01) compared with patients with facial psoriasis at Week 12. At Week 12, clearance of facial psoriasis compared with the presence of facial psoriasis was independently associated with significantly better improvement in Psoriasis Skin Appearance Bothersomeness scores in the IXE Q2W treatment group (P < 0.01). At Week 12, facial clearance and overall Psoriasis Area Severity Index (PASI) improvement were observed in significant numbers of patients treated with IXE compared with ETN and placebo. Facial psoriasis clearance at Week 12 in patients treated with IXE or ETN was positively associated with PASI75 and PASI90 achievement., CONCLUSION: Facial psoriasis had a larger negative impact on HRQoL than no facial psoriasis. Facial psoriasis clearance was associated with improved HRQoL. Significantly more IXE-treated patients had rapid facial clearance vs. ETN and PBO, which led to better clinical outcomes. Copyright © 2017 European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
Evaluation of oxidative stress via protein expression of glutathione S-transferase and cytochrome p450 (CYP450) isoenzymes in psoriasis vulgaris patients treated with methotrexate.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Oxidative stress is the imbalance between oxidant-antioxidant systems and may play a major role in the psoriasis pathogenesis. Cytochrome (CYP) is a family of enzymes that are responsible for the metabolism of various endogenous and exogenous substances such as drug metabolism. Most importantly, the antioxidant system is the glutathione S-transferases (GST), which decrease oxidative stress by reducing oxidative products., AIM: We aimed to evaluate the expressions of isoenzymes of GST and CYP families and the beneficial role of metotrexate (MTX) in this process., MATERIAL AND METHODS: This study included 21 patients with psoriasis and 22 healthy subjects. We treated all the patients with 10-15 mg/week of MTX for minimum 12 weeks. Expressions of GST and CYP enzymes were assessed by immunohistochemical staining., RESULTS: GSTK1, GSTM1 and GSTT1 expressions were significantly higher in the psoriasis tissues than in the control tissues (p < 0.05; p < 0.05; p < 0.05, respectively). In the psoriasis patients, GSTO1 expression was similar the control group. CYP1B1 and CYP2E1 expressions were significantly higher in the pre-treatment and post-treatment psoriasis tissues than in the control tissues (p < 0.05; p < 0.05; p < 0.05; p < 0.05, respectively)., CONCLUSION: We found a significant increase in the tissue levels of, either expression of GST, or CYP, which has important role in drug metabolism and oxidative stress. MTX treatment resulted in marked clinical improvement, yet we found that MTX did not have any significant effect on these parameters. CYP2E1 is especially the most important enzyme for MTX metabolism since it is the primarily responsible of the toxic metabolism of various drugs. The other experimental studies involving greater number of patients and other different drug are needed to enlighten the role of oxidant and antioxidant systems and the other possible mechanisms for the pathogenesis of psoriasis.
Radiographic Progression in Psoriatic Arthritis Achieving a Good Response to Treatment: Data Using Newer Composite Indices of Disease Activity.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To compare radiographic outcomes according to the magnitude of the response utilizing 3 new psoriatic composite disease activity measures (the Psoriatic Arthritis Disease Activity Score [PASDAS], the Group for Research and Assessment of Psoriasis and Psoriatic Arthritis Composite Exercise [GRACE], and the Disease Activity in PsA [DAPSA])., METHODS: The data were taken from the GO-REVEAL data set, a large randomized, double-blind study that evaluated the safety and efficacy of 2 doses of the tumor necrosis factor inhibitor golimumab in subjects with active psoriatic arthritis (PsA). Response criteria at 24 weeks were applied across the whole data set, irrespective of treatment group. Radiographic scores at baseline and 24 weeks were assessed using the modified Sharp/van der Heijde method for PsA., RESULTS: Overall, for each measure, radiographic progression was significantly greater in subjects with a moderate or poor outcome, and absent in those with a good outcome. The proportion of subjects without radiographic progression in the good outcome group was 83% using the PASDAS (chi2 = 7.9; P = 0.02), 80% using the GRACE (chi2 = 5.8; P = 0.05), and 76% using the DAPSA (chi2 = 3.4; P = 0.19)., CONCLUSION: Response criteria for disease-specific composite measures enable separation between groups in terms of radiographic progression and may therefore be used as suitable targets for interventional studies, as well as in the clinic. Copyright © 2017, American College of Rheumatology.
Improvements in psoriasis within different body regions vary over time following treatment with ixekizumab.$$$ BACKGROUND: Ixekizumab is a high-affinity monoclonal antibody that selectively targets interleukin-17 A., OBJECTIVE: Examine the efficacy of ixekizumab in clearing psoriasis within different body regions., METHODS: Data from 3 placebo- (PBO) or PBO- and etanercept (ETN)-controlled trials were integrated. Patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis were randomized to 12 weeks of PBO (UNCOVER-1, -2, -3, N = 792; UNCOVER-2, -3, N = 361), 50 mg ETN twice weekly (N = 740), or 80 mg ixekizumab every 2 (IXE Q2W; N = 1169; N = 736) or 4 weeks (IXE Q4W; N = 1165; N = 733) after a 160-mg starting dose., RESULTS: Mean percent improvements in regional Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) were noted at Week 1 and increased through Week 12 in the IXE Q2W (approved dosing regimen) group for each body region. Week 12 improvements were 91.4% (head/neck); 92.8% (trunk); 89.9% (arms); and 88.7% (legs) (all regions p < .001 vs. PBO). Mean regional PASI improvements at Week 12 were >=84.2% for ixekizumab versus <=70.9% for ETN in all regions (p < .001). Scaling and thickness reduced faster than erythema., CONCLUSIONS: Within 12 weeks of ixekizumab treatment, all signs of psoriasis across all body regions reached clinically meaningful improvements, with the head/neck and trunk responding quicker than psoriasis of the arms and legs, especially with reduced scaling and thickness.
Relative efficacy and safety of apremilast, secukinumab, and ustekinumab for the treatment of psoriatic arthritis.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess the relative efficacy and safety of apremilast, secukinumab, and ustekinumab at different doses in patients with active psoriatic arthritis (PsA)., METHOD: A Bayesian network meta-analysis was conducted, which included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that examined the efficacy and safety of apremilast 20 mg, apremilast 30 mg, secukinumab 75 mg, secukinumab 150 mg, secukinumab 300 mg, ustekinumab 45 mg, and ustekinumab 90 mg compared with placebo., RESULTS: Of the RCTs 8 comprising 3289 patients met the inclusion criteria. The American College of Rheumatology (ACR) 20 response rate was significantly higher in the secukinumab 300 mg group than in the placebo group (odds ratio OR, 7.55; 95% confidence interval CI, 3.18-17.63). Secukinumab 150 mg, secukinumab 75 mg, ustekinumab 90 mg, apremilast 30 mg, apremilast 20 mg, and ustekinumab 45 mg were also more efficacious than placebo. There were no significant differences in the efficacy between the interventions. A dose-response relationship among the same drug groups was observed. The number of serious adverse events was not significantly different among the apremilast, secukinumab, ustekinumab, and placebo groups., CONCLUSION: All drug treatments were more efficacious than placebo; however, there were no significant differences in the efficacy and safety between the drugs at the different doses.
Time, Psoriasis Area and Severity Index and Dermatology Life Quality Index of patients with psoriasis who drop out of clinical trials on etanercept because of lack of efficacy: a pooled analysis from 10 clinical trials.$$$ BACKGROUND: Patient-reported outcomes in psoriasis studies are assessed at specific study time points. If a treatment has not become effective by a certain time point, it may increase the likelihood of patients being dissatisfied and leaving a clinical study., OBJECTIVES: To generate evidence concerning the number of patients dropping out of etanercept trials over time including Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) and Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI) data., METHODS: Data from patients with psoriasis in 10 trials with etanercept were pooled. Analyses were performed for (i) patients who dropped out because of 'lack of efficacy' and (ii) patients who continued the trial. The PASI and DLQI data were summarized for different time points. The distribution of dropout over time, PASI, DLQI and the proportion of patients dropping out with given treatment responses were calculated., RESULTS: Of 6119 patients, 128 dropped out because of lack of efficacy (or synonym). The highest increase of patients dropping out happened between day 75 and 85 (cumulative percentage rise from 46% to 73%). The lowest PASI of patients dropping out was 6.3 within 120 days. Individuals who dropped out who achieved >= PASI 75 (at least a 75% improvement from baseline PASI) were rare., CONCLUSIONS: A critical time when many patients might have lost their willingness to wait for their treatment with etanercept to show a better effect appeared to be at around day 80. Most of the patients dropping out showed little improvement, stable disease or worsening of their psoriasis. Copyright © 2017 British Association of Dermatologists.
Pharmacokinetics of ABT-122, a TNF-alpha- and IL-17A-Targeted Dual-Variable Domain Immunoglobulin, in Healthy Subjects and Patients with Rheumatoid Arthritis: Results from Three Phase I Trials.$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: ABT-122 is a dual-variable domain immunoglobulin that neutralizes both tumor necrosis factor-alpha and interleukin-17A, with the goal of achieving greater clinical efficacy than can be achieved by blocking either cytokine alone. This work characterized the pharmacokinetics of ABT-122 in healthy subjects and in patients with rheumatoid arthritis., METHODS: ABT-122 pharmacokinetics was evaluated in three phase I studies. In Study 1, single intravenous (0.1, 0.3, 1, 3, and 10 mg/kg) and subcutaneous (0.3, 1, and 3 mg/kg) doses were evaluated in healthy subjects. In Studies 2 and 3, multiple subcutaneous doses (1 mg/kg every other week or 0.5-3 mg/kg every week) were evaluated for 8 weeks in patients with rheumatoid arthritis on stable methotrexate therapy. Pharmacokinetic data were available from 48 healthy subjects and 31 patients with rheumatoid arthritis., RESULTS: ABT-122 showed multi-exponential disposition with more than dose-proportional exposures at the 0.1-1 mg/kg doses and approximately dose-proportional exposures at doses >=1 mg/kg. ABT-122 absolute subcutaneous bioavailability was approximately 50% with maximum serum concentrations observed 3-4 days after dosing. Steady state was achieved by week 6 of subcutaneous dosing. ABT-122 maximum serum concentration-to-trough concentration ratio was 2.6 for every other week dosing and 1.3 for every week dosing, corresponding to an effective half-life of 10-18 days. ABT-122 median area under the serum concentration-time curve accumulation ratio was 3.8-4.8 with every week dosing. Measureable antidrug antibodies were observed in all 48 subjects in Study 1 by day 15 post-dose and 19 of 31 ABT-122-treated patients in Studies 2 and 3 [median time to appearance of antidrug antibodies of 64 days (range 15-92 days)]. No dose-limiting toxicities were observed in these studies and the maximum tolerated dose was not identified., CONCLUSIONS: Results from these three phase I studies supported testing ABT-122 every week and every other week regimens in phase II trials in subjects with rheumatoid and psoriatic arthritis. Study 2 (EudraCT: 2012-003448-54); Study 3 (NCT01853033).
Risk of cancer in patients with psoriasis on biological therapies: a systematic review.$$$ BACKGROUND: Biological therapies are highly effective in psoriasis, but have profound effects on innate and adaptive immune pathways that may negatively impact on cancer immunosurveillance mechanisms., OBJECTIVES: To investigate the risk of cancer in patients with psoriasis treated with biological therapy., METHODS: We searched MEDLINE, Embase, and the Cochrane Library (up to August 2016) for randomized controlled trials, prospective cohort studies and systematic reviews that reported cancer incidence in people exposed to biological therapy for psoriasis compared with a control population., RESULTS: Eight prospective cohort studies met our inclusion criteria. All the evidence reviewed related to tumour necrosis factor inhibitors (TNFi) with the exception of one study on ustekinumab. An increased risk of nonmelanoma skin cancer (NMSC), particularly squamous cell carcinoma, was reported with TNFi compared with both a general United States population and a rheumatoid arthritis population treated with TNFi. No evidence for increased risk of cancers (reported as all cancers, lymphoma, melanoma, prostate, colorectal and breast cancer) other than NMSC was identified., CONCLUSIONS: There were important limitations to the studies identified including choice of comparator arms, inadequate adjustment for confounding factors and failure to account for latency periods of cancer. There remains a need for ongoing pharmacovigilance in relation to cancer risk and biological therapy; the NMSC signal requires further investigation to determine the risk specifically attributable to biological therapy using prospectively collected data with adjustment for known NMSC risk factors. Copyright © 2017 British Association of Dermatologists.
Efficacy and safety of guselkumab in patients with psoriasis who have an inadequate response to ustekinumab: results of the randomized, double-blind, phase III NAVIGATE trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Guselkumab, an anti-interleukin-23 monoclonal antibody, has demonstrated significant efficacy in phase III psoriasis trials., OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of guselkumab in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis who had an inadequate response to ustekinumab., METHODS: In this phase III, randomized, double-blind study, 871 patients received open-label ustekinumab (45 mg or 90 mg) at weeks 0 and 4. At week 16, 268 patients with an inadequate response to ustekinumab [Investigator's Global Assessment (IGA) >= 2] were randomized (double-blind) to guselkumab 100 mg or to continue ustekinumab; 585 of 871 patients (67%) with IGA 0/1 at week 16 continued open-label ustekinumab. The primary end point was the number of visits at which randomized patients achieved IGA 0/1 and at least a two-grade improvement (from week 16) from week 28 to week 40. Improvement >= 90% or 100% in Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI 90/100) and Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI) of 0/1 were also assessed., RESULTS: The mean number of visits at which patients achieved IGA 0/1 and at least a two-grade improvemen (week 28-40) was significantly greater in the guselkumab group vs. the randomized ustekinumab group (1.5 vs. 0.7; P < 0.001); greater proportions of patients in the guselkumab group achieved IGA 0/1 and at least a two-grade improvement at week 28 (31.1% vs. 14.3%; P = 0.001) and week 52 (36.3% vs. 17.3%; P < 0.001). Greater proportions of patients treated with guselkumab achieved PASI 90, PASI 100 and DLQI 0/1 at week 52. After week 16, 64.4% of patients in the guselkumab group and 55.6% in the ustekinumab group had at least one adverse event (AE); infections were the most frequent AE type. Overall, 6.7% (n = 9) of patients in the guselkumab group had at least one serious AE compared with 4.5% (n = 6) for the ustekinumab group., CONCLUSIONS: Patients treated with ustekinumab who did not achieve an IGA of 0/1 by week 16 derived significant benefit from switching to guselkumab. Copyright © 2017 British Association of Dermatologists.
Number needed to treat and costs per responder among biologic treatments for moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis in Japan.$$$ BACKGROUND: Biologics have been shown to improve the outcomes of patients with psoriasis but their cost is an issue., OBJECTIVE: Determine the number needed to treat (NNT) to achieve a 75%/90% reduction in the Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI-75/90) and evaluate the incremental cost per PASI-75/90 responder (CPR) relative to placebo in Japan., METHODS: A network meta-analysis was conducted to estimate the relative probabilities of achieving PASI-75/90 and NNTs. Drug costs were assessed based on Pharmaceutical and Medical Device Agency-approved dosing. The CPR was estimated for a short-term induction period and first year of treatment., RESULTS: Compared with placebo, the PASI-75 NNT was 1.27 for adalimumab 80 mg, 1.29 for secukinumab 150 mg, 1.36 for secukinumab 300 mg, 1.57 for adalimumab 40 mg, 1.68 for ustekinumab 90 mg, 1.97 for ustekinumab 45 mg and 2.00 for infliximab 5 mg/kg. The short-term PASI-75 CPR relative to placebo was $5,062 for secukinumab 150 mg, $8209 for adalimumab 40 mg, $10,654 for secukinumab 300 mg, $11,754 for adalimumab 80 mg, $15,407 for ustekinumab 45 mg, $19,147 for infliximab 5 mg/kg and $26,257 for ustekinumab 90 mg. A similar ranking was observed for one-year PASI-75 CPRs and PASI-90 NNTs and CPRs., CONCLUSION: Adalimumab 40 mg/80 mg and secukinumab 150 mg/300 mg were the most efficacious and cost-efficient for patients with psoriasis in Japan.
Atopic dermatitis 2017: where we were 10-15 years ago in psoriasis.$$$ Novel and innovative treatment options for atopic dermatitis (AD) are underway. The recent advancements in understanding AD are reminiscent of the progress made in psoriasis research over a decade ago.
Interleukin-17 inhibition: role in psoriasis and inflammatory bowel disease.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Interleukin 17 (IL-17) antagonism provides a highly effective approach for treating psoriasis. Exacerbations of inflammatory bowel disease have been reported in anti-IL-17 psoriasis trials., AIM: To characterize the relationship between IL-17 inhibition and inflammatory bowel disease., METHODS: A review of English-language articles was performed. Search terms included IL-17, psoriasis, inflammatory bowel disease, secukinumab, ixekizumab and brodalumab., RESULTS: IL-17 A inhibition, IL-17RA inhibition and IL-17 knockout led to induction or exacerbation of colitis in mouse models. The placebo groups fared better than the treatment group in controlled trials of anti-IL-17 antibody and anti-IL-17 receptor for Crohn's disease (CD). A brodalumab study (N = 1576) revealed one reported CD case. An ixekizumab study (N = 3736) evaluating moderate-to-severe psoriasis, four patients reported CD and seven reported UC while ixekizumab every 2 weeks led to a moderate exacerbation of UC in one patient and new-onset CD in one patient. A secukinumab study (N = 3430) revealed exposure adjusted incidence rates of 0.11 and 0.15 per 100 patient-years for CD and UC, respectively., DISCUSSION: Anti-IL-17 medications are associated with IBD exacerbation. Caution should be used in prescribing these medications in patients with diagnosed IBD or personal history suggestive of IBD.
Efficacy and safety of etanercept in psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis in the PRESTA study: analysis in patients from Central and Eastern Europe.$$$ BACKGROUND: Data are limited on the effectiveness of anti-TNF and other biologics on psoriatric arthritis (PsA) in Central and Eastern Europe (CEE). The objective of this analysis was to evaluate the efficacy of etanercept (ETN) in PsA patients from CEE., METHODS: In PRESTA, patients were randomized to receive ETN 50 mg BIW or 50 mg QW for 12 weeks (double-blind phase) and ETN 50 mg QW for 12 additional weeks (open label). In this analysis, only patients from Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Serbia were included. The primary efficacy variable was the proportion of subjects achieving a physician global assessment (PGA) of psoriasis status: "clear" or "almost clear" at week 12., RESULTS: In the 307 patients, 54% BIW/QW compared with 40% (QW/QW) (p = .02), achieved "clear"/"almost clear" for PGA of psoriasis at week 12 increasing, to 68% and 60%, respectively (p = .134) by week 24. Mean improvement from baseline in PASI were 59% versus 49% (p = .005) at week 6 and 87% versus 81% (p < .05) at week 24, for the BIW/QW and QW/QW groups, respectively. ETN was well tolerated in both groups over 24 weeks., CONCLUSIONS: Both dose regimens of ETN provided significant improvements in efficacy in PsA treatment and were well tolerated.
Effectiveness of conventional disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs in psoriatic arthritis: A systematic review.$$$ BACKGROUND: Due to the clinical heterogeneity of psoriatic arthritis (PsA), recommendations have been developed by international groups to guide therapeutic decisions of the rheumatologist. The objective of the current systematic review (RS) was to evaluate the evidence of efficacy of disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs (DMARDs) in PsA., METHODS: Literature search in Medline, EMBASE, Cochrane Library, from 2008 to 2014. We included RS, randomized clinical trials and observational studies, in patients with PsA and an evaluation of efficiency of conventional DMARDs (methotrexate, sulfasalazine, leflunomide), according to the following outcomes: peripheral and axial symptoms; peripheral radiological damage; enthesitis according to power Doppler ultrasound or magnetic resonance imaging (enthesitis count before and after therapy); dactylitis; uveitis., RESULTS: Title and abstract were used to retrieve 1,662 documents for this review (Medline, n=433; EMBASE n=1,132; Cochrane, n=97), and 48 studies were selected for detailed reading; finally, 8 studies were included., CONCLUSIONS: Since the studies included are not robust, and there are arguments to support the effectiveness of methotrexate, the evidence observed with the treatment of DMARDs in PsA is not conclusive. Copyright © 2016 Elsevier Espana, S.L.U. and Sociedad Espanola de Reumatologia y Colegio Mexicano de Reumatologia. All rights reserved.
Biomolecular index of therapeutic efficacy in psoriasis treated with anti-TNF-alpha agents.$$$ BACKGROUND: Clinical or quality of life assessments are currently available for psoriasis severity evaluation and therapeutic response. Laboratory scores focused to measure and follow treatment efficacy are lacking at present., METHODS: A microscopic and biomolecular score was designed to monitor skin disease severity and clinical response to anti-psoriatic treatments. A susceptibility gene analysis on cellular retinoic acid binding protein-II (CRABP-II), acting on keratinocyte differentiation, was also performed. A Molecular Index of Therapeutic Efficacy (MITE) was defined by assembling morphometric/semiquantitative measurement of epidermal thickness, immunohistochemical Ki-67, keratin 17 and CRABP-II expression of lesional and non-lesional psoriatic skin biopsies before and after anti-tumor necrosis factor (TNF) alpha therapies. A 0-12 MITE score was correlated with Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) and Psoriasis Disability Index (PDI) scores and inflammation. Three CRABP-II SNPs were analyzed by TaqMan assay., RESULTS: All parameters were highly expressed in psoriatic lesions and reduced after 12 weeks of anti-TNF-alpha treatments. MITE score strongly correlated with PASI and PDI values either before or after therapies (P<0.001 and P<0.001, respectively). Conversely, MITE values did not change after treatments of non-responder patients. CRABP-II did not result in a psoriatic susceptibility gene for the SNPs probes analyzed., CONCLUSIONS: MITE score variations corresponded to the patients' clinical improvement following anti-TNF-alpha treatments, with significant statistical correlation among MITE, PASI and PDI scores. If confirmed in a larger series and/or in different hyperproliferative and inflammatory dermatoses, MITE score could be proposed as additional monitoring system to evaluate treatment protocols in skin disorders and targeted biomolecular pathways supporting clinical efficacy.
Effect of white mange mixture in a murine model of psoriasis.$$$ Psoriasis is an autoimmune disease with periods of remission or aggravation. Until now, no effective treatment has been developed. The aim of this study was to assess the effect of the traditional Chinese medicine white mange mixture in a murine model of vaginal psoriasis. Female mice (n=70) were randomly divided into seven groups as follows: negative control group, positive control group, acitretin group, Xiaoying granule group, high-dose white mange mixture group, medium-dose white mange mixture group, and low-dose white mange mixture group. After vaginal psoriasis mouse model design, the inhibition of keratinocyte (KC) cell proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA) was achieved by SP immunohistochemical method, spleen T lymphocyte apoptosis detection was assessed by using electron microscopy and granulocyte colony stimulating factor (GM-CSF) levels were detected by ELISA method. According to our results, T lymphocyte nucleus appearance in the negative control group was normal whereas in all the doses of white mange mixture the nucleus significantly showed apoptotic trend. Compared with the negative control group, the amount of GM-CSF in the serum of the model was significantly increased (P<0.01) while administration of white mange mixture in different doses decreased the GM-CSF content significantly (P<0.01). White mange mixture can significantly inhibit vaginal psoriasis in a mouse model by decreasing the amount of epithelium KC cell PCNA and production of the inflammatory cytokines GM-CSF in serum.
Comparative effectiveness of secukinumab and etanercept in biologic-naive patients with psoriatic arthritis assessed by matching-adjusted indirect comparison.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Matching-adjusted indirect comparison (MAIC) can be used to assess the comparative effectiveness of two treatments indirectly using data from randomized placebo-controlled trials. This MAIC assessed the comparative effectiveness of secukinumab (an anti-interleukin-17A) and etanercept (a tumor necrosis factor inhibitor) in a target population of biologic-naive patients with psoriatic arthritis (PsA)., METHODS: Individual patient data pooled from FUTURE 2 (NCT01752634), FUTURE 3 (NCT01989468), and FUTURE 5 (NCT02404350) (secukinumab: 150 mg, n=458 and 300 mg, n=461) were matched to data from the population in the NCT00317499 trial (etanercept 25 mg, n=101) using MAIC methodology, by adjusting for clinical and demographic baseline characteristics. Recalculated outcomes from FUTURE 2, 3, and 5 (150 mg, effective sample size (ESS) post-matching=104; 300 mg, ESS=75; and placebo, ESS=159) were compared with the NCT00317499 trial. Pairwise comparisons using odds ratios (ORs) were performed for the American College of Rheumatology (ACR) 20, 50, and 70 response criteria at week 12 (placebo-adjusted) and week 24 (non-placebo-adjusted)., RESULTS: At week 12, there were no significant differences in ACR responses between secukinumab and etanercept. There was no significant difference between secukinumab 150 mg and etanercept at week 24 with respect to ACR 20 and 50 response rates; however, ACR 70 response rates were higher for secukinumab 150 mg (OR (95% confidence interval (CI)): 4.48 (2.01-9.99), p<0.001). ACR 20, 50, and 70 response rates were higher with secukinumab 300 mg than with etanercept at this time point (OR (95% CI): ACR 20, 3.28 (1.69-6.38), p<0.001; ACR 50, 1.90 (1.04-3.50), p=0.038; and ACR 70, 3.56 (1.51-8.40), p=0.004)., CONCLUSION: In this MAIC, secukinumab was associated with higher ACR 20 and 50 (secukinumab 300 mg) and 70 (secukinumab 150 mg and 300 mg) response rates at week 24 than etanercept in biologic-naive patients with active PsA, whereas no significant difference was observed in the short-term at week 12.
Efficacy and Safety of Guselkumab in Japanese Patients With Palmoplantar Pustulosis: A Phase 3 Randomized Clinical Trial.$$$ IMPORTANCE: Palmoplantar pustulosis (PPP) causes erythematous, scaly plaques with recurrent sterile pustules refractory to treatment and with few randomized clinical trials conducted. Evidence points to involvement of interleukin 23 in the pathogenesis of PPP., OBJECTIVE: To determine the efficacy and safety of guselkumab, an anti-IL-23 monoclonal antibody, in Japanese patients with PPP., DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: A phase 3 randomized clinical trial was conducted from December 15, 2015, to December 12, 2017. A total of 159 enrolled patients (aged >=20 years) had an inadequate response to conventional therapies, with a diagnosis of PPP for 24 or more weeks before screening. Intention-to-treat analysis was performed., INTERVENTIONS: Subcutaneous injections of guselkumab, 100 or 200 mg, at weeks 0, 4, and 12, and every 8 weeks thereafter were administered; placebo was given at weeks 0, 4, and 12., MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Changes from baseline in PPP Area and Severity Index (PPPASI) score (possible score range, 0-72, with higher scores indicating greater area and severity), PPP severity index (PPSI) score (possible score range, 0-12, with higher scores indicating greater severity), and proportion of PPPASI-50 (>=50% reduction) responders at weeks 16 and 52 were assessed. Safety was monitored through week 52., RESULTS: A total of 159 patients (mean [SD] age at diagnosis, 46.8 [11.9] years; 126 women [79.2%]) were enrolled. Treatment groups comprised guselkumab, 100 mg (n = 54), guselkumab, 200 mg (n = 52), or placebo (n = 53). Both guselkumab groups demonstrated significant improvement in least-squares mean changes in PPPASI score compared with placebo: -15.3 and -11.7 in the guselkumab 100-mg and 200-mg groups, respectively, and -7.6 in the placebo group (difference [SE] vs placebo: -7.7 [1.7] in the 100-mg group, P < .001; 95% CI, -11.00 to -4.38; and -4.1 [1.7] in the 200-mg group, P < .017; 95% CI, -7.47 to -0.75]). Least-squares mean changes in PPSI score showed significant improvement in both guselkumab groups (100 mg: -2.0 [0.5]; P < .001; 95% CI, -2.96 to -0.95; 200 mg: -1.0 [0.5; P = .04; 95% CI, -2.06 to -0.03). A significantly higher proportion of patients in the guselkumab 100-mg group (31 [57.4%]) achieved a PPPASI-50 response at week 16 vs placebo (18 [34.0%]; P = .02); however, the result was not significant for the guselkumab 200-mg group (19 [36.5%]) vs placebo; P = .78). Each efficacy end point improved consistently through week 52. Health-related quality of life improved significantly as indicated by a reduction in the Dermatology Life Quality Index score (100 mg: -2.6; 95% CI, -4.0 to -1.2; P < .001; 200 mg: -1.6; 95% CI, -3.1 to -0.2; P = .03). Serious treatment-emergent adverse events were observed in 8 patients (placebo group, 2 of 53 [3.8%]; combined guselkumab group, 6/15710.5%). No serious infections were reported., CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Targeting interleukin 23 with guselkumab may be an effective and safe treatment option for a recalcitrant disease such as PPP., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT02641730.
Successful Psoriasis Treatment Using NB-UVB with Methotrexate: The Vietnamese Experience.$$$ AIM: To compare the effectiveness of narrowband ultraviolet B (NBUVB) and oral methotrexate (MTX) to oral MTX alone in Vietnamese psoriasis patients, from May 2016 to May 2018., METHODS: We conducted a non-randomized trial on 70 patients with plaque-type psoriasis of moderate to severe. Thirty-five patients apply NBUVB once/day in 5 days/week for 4 weeks plus oral MTX 7.5 mg/week and 35 patients oral MTX 7.5 mg/week and both two groups treatment for 3 months. The extent of the lesion was assessed by the Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI)., RESULTS: The proportion of decreasing PASI was comparable (68.49% in NBUVB and MTX versus 57.62% in MTX alone); p < 0.05. Inside, good 28.58%, moderate 68.57% and poor 2.85% in NBUVB and MTX better than good 2.85%, moderate 71.4% and poor 25.72% in MTX alone; p < 0.05. The recurrence rate after 24 months of the NBUVB and MTX group (42.9%) was lower than the MTX alone group (71.4%); p < 0.05., CONCLUSION: NBUVB and oral MTX have affected treatment with chronic plaque psoriasis better than oral MTX alone.
Efficacy of Narrow - Band UVB Phototherapy versus PUVA Chemophototherapy for Psoriasis in Vietnamese Patients.$$$ BACKGROUND: Psoralen UVA (PUVA) and narrow-band UVB (NBUVB) chemophototherapy are treatment options for psoriasis., AIM: To compare the effectiveness of NBUVB with PUVA in Vietnamese psoriasis patients., METHODS: We conducted a non-randomized trial on 60 patients with plaque-type psoriasis (30 NBUVB, 30 PUVA). Both regimens were thrice-weekly. The extent of lesion was assessed by the Psoriasis Area Severity Index (PASI). Clearance was defined as a >= 75% reduction in a follow-up PASI score from baseline. Patients with clearance were followed-up until 6 months after stopping treatment. Relapse was defined as 50% or more of the original extent., RESULTS: The proportion of patients achieving PASI75 was comparable (76.7% in NBUVB versus 80% in PUVA; p > 0.05). Patients in both groups had a similar number of sessions to achieve clearance but patients in the PUVA group exposed to a significantly higher cumulative UV dose. After six months, the relapse rate was higher in the NBUVB group compared with in the PUVA group (p > 0.05)., CONCLUSION: Thrice weekly NBUVB is as effective as thrice weekly PUVA in treating psoriasis for Vietnamese patients.
An update on clinical safety of adalimumab in treating psoriasis: A systematic review and meta-analysis based on 20 randomized controlled trials.$$$ PURPOSE: The current meta-analysis was conducted to better evaluate the role of adalimumab for patients with psoriasis in terms of its safety profile on the basis of eligible randomized controlled trials (RCTs)., METHODS: The following electronic databases such as Cochrane, PubMed, and Embase database involving the index words were screened and identified for qualified studies updated to December 2018. Associated publications and sources were hand-searched for more related details. To further analyze the main outcomes, the odds ratio (OR) and mean difference (MD) with its 95% confidence interval (95% CI) were utilized., RESULTS: There were a total of 20 RCTs involving respective 3795 and 3266 patients in the adalimumab and control group that met our inclusion criteria. According to the aggregated results, the adalimumab group was highly associated with significant improvement in the incidence of adverse event (AE), infection, and injection site reaction on comparison of the control group. Nevertheless, no remarkable differences were found between the two study groups in terms of the incidence of serious AE, serious infection as well as the discontinuation of study drug caused by AE., CONCLUSION: Adalimumab was proved to be linked to higher incidence of AE, infection, and injection site reaction during the therapy process of psoriasis based on high-quality RCTs. In addition, there was no association between adalimumab therapy and serious AE, serious infection and the discontinuation of study drug caused by AE in patients harboring psoriasis according to eligible RCTs. Copyright © 2019 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Treatment of Atopic Dermatitis Using a Full-Body Blue Light Device (AD-Blue): Protocol of a Randomized Controlled Trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Irradiation with visible blue light (wavelength 400-495 nm) is a promising, effective, and safe new treatment option for chronic inflammatory skin diseases such as psoriasis and atopic dermatitis., OBJECTIVE: We will perform a multicenter, placebo-controlled, double-blinded, 3-armed, prospective, randomized controlled trial to investigate the efficacy and safety of full-body blue light devices (wavelengths: 415 nm and 450 nm) compared with that of placebo irradiation for the treatment of atopic dermatitis., METHODS: We are planning to enroll a total of 150 patients at the University hospitals in Gottingen (Germany), Marburg (Germany), and Geneva (Switzerland)., RESULTS: The trial was approved by the lead ethics committee of the medical faculty of the University of Gottingen (21/11/16). Further approvals were obtained from local and federal authorities (ethics committee Marburg, Cantonal Commission for Research Ethics Geneva, Suisse Medic, and Bundesinstitut fur Arzneimittel und Medizinprodukte)., CONCLUSIONS: We will disseminate the results in a peer-reviewed journal., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT03085303; https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT03085303 (Archived by WebCite at http://www.webcitation.org/73ucqkkA1)., INTERNATIONAL REGISTERED REPORT IDENTIFIER (IRRID): DERR1-10.2196/11911. Copyright ©Christian Kromer, Viktoria P Nuhnen, Wolfgang Pfutzner, Sebastian Pfeiffer, Hans-Joachim Laubach, Wolf-Henning Boehncke, Joerg Liebmann, Matthias Born, Michael P Schon, Timo Buhl. Originally published in JMIR Research Protocols (http://www.researchprotocols.org), 08.01.2019.
Acrodermatitis continua of Hallopeau: clinical perspectives.$$$ Acrodermatitis continua of Hallopeau (ACH) is a rare, sterile pustular eruption of one or more digits. The condition presents with tender pustules and underlying erythema on the tip of a digit, more frequently arising on a finger than a toe. As far as classification, ACH is considered a localized form of pustular psoriasis. The eruption typically occurs after local trauma or infection, but such a history is not always present and various other etiologies have been described including infectious, neural, inflammatory, and genetic causes. The natural progression of ACH is chronic and progressive, often resulting in irreversible complications such as onychodystrophy that can result in anonychia, as well as osteitis that can result in osteolysis of the distal phalanges. Because of the rarity of ACH, there have been no randomized controlled studies to evaluate therapies, resulting in an absence of standardized treatment guidelines. In clinical practice, a wide variety of treatments have been attempted, with outcomes ranging from recalcitrance to complete resolution. In recent years, the introduction of biologics has provided a new class of therapy that has revolutionized the treatment of ACH. Specifically, rapid and sustained responses have been reported with the use of anti-tumor necrosis factor agents like infliximab, adalimumab, and etanercept; IL-17 inhibitors like secukinumab; IL-12/23 inhibitors like ustekinumab; and IL-1 inhibitors like anakinra. Nevertheless, there remains a considerable need for more research into treatment for the benefit of individual patients with ACH as well as for the clinical knowledge gained by such efforts. The purpose of this review is to provide a comprehensive overview of the key features of ACH as well as a discussion of clinical management strategies for this unique and debilitating condition.
Tildrakizumab in the treatment of psoriasis: latest evidence and place in therapy.$$$ Psoriasis is a chronic inflammatory disorder that is clinically characterized by scaly cutaneous plaques. New evidence suggests that dysregulation of interleukin (IL)-23, a key cytokine in the T-helper-17 pathway, plays a vital role in the development of psoriatic systemic inflammation. The novel biologic medication tildrakizumab is among the first drugs with specific action against IL-23 that has recently been approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration and the European Medicines Agency for moderate-to-severe psoriasis. Tildrakizumab has been shown in large randomized controlled trials to be effective in improving skin manifestations as well as enhancing quality of life outcomes in patients with psoriasis. Its simple dosing, prolonged duration of action, and mild adverse event profile make it a practical option for patients; however, only a small number of trials have investigated the clinical effectiveness of tildrakizumab, and long-term data regarding the drug's efficacy and safety are currently limited. Hence, further research is needed to better understand the risks and benefits of tildrakizumab. This review summarizes and analyzes phase I, phase II, and phase III clinical trials that investigate the mechanism, pharmacokinetics, efficacy, and safety of tildrakizumab. It also identifies areas in which additional studies are warranted to further elucidate the advantages of tildrakizumab over other biologic therapies.
Achieving minimal disease activity in psoriatic arthritis predicts meaningful improvements in patients' health-related quality of life and productivity.$$$ BACKGROUND: Although psoriatic arthritis is complex and involves multiple domains, recent advances in treatments have made remission or near-remission of most symptoms a potentially achievable goal for many patients. We sought to evaluate whether achieving minimal disease activity (MDA) criteria represented meaningful improvement from the patient perspective., METHODS: Data were combined from two randomized, multinational, 24 week clinical studies of ixekizumab, a high-affinity monoclonal antibody selectively targeting interleukin-17A, in biological drug-naive or experienced adults. MDA required 5 of 7 of: tender joint count <=1; swollen joint count <=1; Psoriasis Area and Severity Index total score <= 1 or body surface area <= 3%; patient's assessment of pain visual analogue scale (VAS) <=15; patient's global assessment of disease activity VAS <=20; Health Assessment Questionnaire Disability Index <=0.5; and tender entheseal points <= 1. MDA responders and non-responders were compared for mean change from baseline on the 36-Item Short Form Health Survey (SF-36), European Quality of Life 5 Dimension 5 Level Health Questionnaire (EQ-5D-5 L); EQ-5D-5 L VAS; and Work Productivity and Activity Impairment-Specific Health Problem (WPAI-SHP) questionnaire., RESULTS: MDA responders had significantly greater improvements versus non-responders in each SF-36 domain and in the SF-36 physical summary score; improvements were also greater in the EQ-5D-5 L and EQ-5D-5 L VAS, and in 3 of the 4 WPAI-SHP domains. MDA responders were more likely to achieve minimal clinically important differences than non-responders., CONCLUSION: These findings support MDA response as being strongly associated with achieving improved disease status based on measures of patient reported health-related quality of life and productivity., TRIAL REGISTRATION: SPIRIT-P1, NCT01695239, First Posted: September 27, 2012; and SPIRIT-P2, NCT02349295, First Posted: January 28, 2015.
Network meta-analysis and cost per responder of targeted Immunomodulators in the treatment of active psoriatic arthritis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Multiple targeted immunomodulators (TIMs) for psoriatic arthritis (PsA) treatment are available, but limited studies have directly compared these agents. This study indirectly compared the efficacy of TNF-alpha, interleukins, and phosphodiesterase-4 inhibitors for treatment of active PsA., METHODS: A systematic literature review was conducted to identify phase III randomized controlled trials (RCTs) for adalimumab, certolizumab pegol, etanercept, golimumab, infliximab, ustekinumab, secukinumab, and apremilast in active PsA. Joint (ACR20/50/70) and skin outcomes (PASI75/90) at Week 24 with each TIM were estimated via a Bayesian network meta-analysis, and the incremental cost per responder over the first 24 weeks of treatment was calculated. Similar analyses were conducted in a subgroup of biologic-naive patients., RESULTS: Seventeen RCTs were identified; 13 included ACR and/or PASI responses at Week 24. Among the overall population, patients receiving adalimumab, golimumab, and infliximab showed higher ACR20/50/70 (adalimumab: 61.2/42.8/40.8%, golimumab: 61.6/39.8/27.4%, infliximab: 56.2/57.1/34.2%) and PASI75/90 (72.7/55.5%, 74.1/57.2%, and 77.1/61.0%, respectively) responses at Week 24 compared with other TIMs. In terms of cost-effectiveness, these treatments were also associated with the lowest incremental cost per responder for both skin and joint outcomes. Similar rankings of efficacy and incremental cost per responder were observed in the analysis among biologic-naive patients., CONCLUSIONS: Adalimumab, golimumab, and infliximab were associated with higher efficacy and lower incremental costs per responder for both joint and skin responses in active PsA.
Efficacy of several biological therapies for treating moderate to severe psoriasis: A network meta-analysis.$$$ The aim of the present meta-analysis was to systematically assess the efficacy of the various treatments available for moderate to severe psoriasis. PubMed and Embase databases were systematically searched to select relevant studies up to February 2015. Odds ratios (ORs) and their 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were used as effect estimates. In addition, the Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) 50, PASI 75 and PASI 90 responses for the therapies were systematically assessed. A total of 33 randomized controlled trials were included in the present study. For the PASI 75 response rate, infliximab (5 mg) may be the most effective option for the treatment of moderate to severe psoriasis. Furthermore, the pooled results of the PASI 50 response rate demonstrated that infliximab (5 mg) and ustekinumab (90 mg) may be superior to other drugs for treating moderate to severe psoriasis. For the PASI 90 response rate, infliximab (5 mg), ustekinumab (90 mg) and briakinumab (weeks 0 and 4, 200 mg; week 8, 100 mg) exhibited improved results compared with other treatments. In conclusion, infliximab (5 mg) may be a superior option to treat moderate to severe psoriasis due to the relatively high PASI scores. However, despite the high PASI 90 responses, further studies are required to identify the efficacy of ustekinumab (90 mg) and briakinumab.
Spotlight on risankizumab and its potential in the treatment of plaque psoriasis: evidence to date.$$$ Psoriasis is a common chronic immune-mediated skin disease, with systemic involvement and significant impact in patients' quality of life. Several highly specific treatments have been developed over the years, such as tumor necrosis factor-alpha inhibitors, a nonselective IL-23 inhibitor (ustekinumab), and most recently IL-17 inhibitors. Risankizumab is a monoclonal antibody which targets IL-23p19 without binding IL-12. This novel therapeutic approach is expected to have advantages over the recently approved anti-IL-17 agents, such as the avoidance of Candida infections and neutropenia. In addition, unlike ustekinumab, the selective inhibition of IL-23 may preserve IL-12-dependent functions such as protection against infections and tumor immune surveillance. Risankizumab showed an excellent efficacy when compared to placebo and ustekinumab, with higher Psoriasis Area Severity Index (PASI) 75, PASI 90, and PASI 100 rates, along with a convenient every 12-week maintenance dosing regimen. Overall, risankizumab was well tolerated and the most common adverse event was upper respiratory tract infection. In the near future, further data will be available not only in psoriasis but also in Crohn's disease and psoriatic arthritis fields. Head-to-head trials comparing risankizumab with other IL-23 inhibitors and with IL-17 inhibitors will be crucial to reveal the role of risankizumab in the treatment of psoriasis.
Severe de novo Ulcerative Colitis following Ixekizumab Therapy.$$$ Ixekizumab is a selective monoclonal antibody targeting interleukin-17A, approved for the treatment of chronic plaque psoriasis. It has rarely been associated with inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) in randomized trials only. We report a unique case of severe new-onset ulcerative colitis in a young male complicated by cytomegalovirus infection who was on ixekizumab therapy for plaque psoriasis. We recommend that clinicians should exercise caution before prescribing ixekizumab as it seems to induce and exacerbate IBD.
Impact of Ixekizumab Treatment on Itch and Psoriasis Area and Severity Index in Patients with Moderate-to-Severe Plaque Psoriasis: An Integrated Analysis of Two Phase III Randomized Studies.$$$ INTRODUCTION: We evaluated baseline itch and its impact on the efficacy of ixekizumab (IXE) in clearing psoriasis and improving quality-of-life measures, and we explored the relationship between itch and psoriatic skin improvement., METHODS: Data were analyzed from two double-blind, randomized, controlled phase III studies (UNCOVER-2/3) comparing etanercept (ETN), IXE, and placebo (PBO) in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. Long-term analysis included UNCOVER-3 data from week 0 to week 156., RESULTS: At week 12, a clinically meaningful improvement in itch [Itch Numeric Rating Scale (NRS) reduction >= 4] was seen in 70.0%, 88.6%, and 90.8% of the IXE-treated patients in the baseline Itch NRS 4-6, 7-8, and 9-10 groups, respectively (all itch severity groups p < 0.001 versus ETN and PBO). Also, 68.9%, 67.1%, and 73.6% of the IXE-treated patients in the baseline Itch NRS 4-6, 7-8, and 9-10 groups, respectively, showed an improvement of >= 90.0% in the Psoriatic Area and Severity Index (PASI) at week 12 as compared to the baseline (PASI 90) (all itch severity groups p < 0.001 versus ETN and PBO). For most patients, itch reduction preceded psoriatic plaque improvement. Sustained effects of IXE on itch and PASI were observed during 3 years of treatment., CONCLUSIONS: Regardless of baseline itch severity, IXE treatment provided a rapid improvement in itch followed by clinically meaningful improvements in psoriasis., FUNDING: Eli Lilly and Company., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov identifiers, NCT01597245 and NCT01646177.
Calcipotriol/betamethasone dipropionate aerosol foam for the treatment of psoriasis vulgaris: case series and review of the literature.$$$ An aerosol foam formulation of a once-daily, fixed-dose combination of a synthetic vitamin D3 analog/synthetic corticosteroid (calcipotriol [Cal] 50 microg/g and betamethasone dipropionate [BD] 0.5 mg/g) has recently been introduced for the topical treatment of plaque psoriasis in adults. Data from several sources - randomized controlled trials, case reports (as highlighted in this review), and real-world evidence (RWE) - underscore the considerable and rapid clinical response, effectiveness, and favorable safety and tolerability of Cal/BD aerosol foam in mild-to-moderate psoriatic patients previously treated with class 3 or 4 topical corticosteroids, in patients unsatisfied with ongoing phototherapy in combination with topical therapy and in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis. In addition, our case series, considered together with other RWE, highlights that Cal/BD aerosol foam is more effective and with greater levels of patient preference and acceptability than comparator preparations. Thus, Cal/BD aerosol foam offers several treatment advantages, including relief of itch, and is an appropriate first-line topical therapy for consideration in patients with psoriasis of any severity.
Secukinumab is Superior to Ustekinumab in Clearing Skin in Patients with Moderate to Severe Plaque Psoriasis (16-Week CLARITY Results).$$$ INTRODUCTION: Secukinumab, a fully human anti-interleukin-17A monoclonal antibody, has demonstrated superior efficacy to ustekinumab in the phase 3b CLEAR study of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. Here, we report 16-week results from CLARITY, a second head-to-head trial comparing secukinumab with ustekinumab., METHODS: In the phase 3b CLARITY study, patients were randomized 1:1 to receive subcutaneous secukinumab 300 mg or ustekinumab per label. The co-primary objectives were to demonstrate the superiority of secukinumab over ustekinumab at Week 12 in relation to the proportion of patients with (1) 90% or more improvement from baseline Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI 90) and (2) a score of 0/1 (clear/almost clear) on the modified Investigator's Global Assessment (IGA mod 2011 0/1). Key secondary objectives were also assessed, as was Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI) 0/1 (no impact of skin disease on patients' quality of life) response. Missing values were handled by multiple imputation except for DLQI 0/1, where last observation carried forward techniques were utilized., RESULTS: Both co-primary objectives were met: secukinumab was superior to ustekinumab for the proportion of patients achieving a PASI 90 (66.5% vs. 47.9%) and IGA mod 2011 0/1 response (72.3% vs. 55.4%) at Week 12 (p < 0.0001). PASI 90 responses were greater with secukinumab compared to ustekinumab from as early as Week 4 (16.7% vs. 4.0%) and out to Week 16 (76.6% vs. 54.2%). Similarly, IGA mod 2011 0/1 findings were greater with secukinumab at Week 4 (26.9% vs. 7.8%) and at Week 16 (78.6% vs. 59.1%). DLQI 0/1 response rates were also greater with secukinumab compared to ustekinumab at Week 4 (33.9% vs. 18.0%), Week 12 (64.0% vs. 51.7%), and Week 16 (68.4% vs. 55.9%)., CONCLUSION: The results of this study confirm the superior efficacy of secukinumab over ustekinumab in treating patients with moderate to severe psoriasis., TRIAL REGISTRATION: Clinicaltrials.gov Identifier, NCT02826603., FUNDING: Novartis Pharma AG, Basel, Switzerland.
Correction to: Efficacy of certolizumab pegol with and without concomitant use of disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drugs over 4 years in psoriatic arthritis patients: results from the RAPID-PsA randomized controlled trial.$$$ The above article originally published with an error present in Discussion section and presented correctly in this article. The original article was corrected.
Ixekizumab is efficacious when used alone or when added to conventional synthetic disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs (cDMARDs) in patients with active psoriatic arthritis and previous inadequate response or intolerance to tumour necrosis factor inhibitors.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To conduct subset analyses of SPIRIT-P2 (Standard Protocol Items: Recommendations for Interventional Trials, NCT02349295) to investigate the efficacy and safety of ixekizumab versus placebo in three subgroups of patients with active psoriatic arthritis (PsA) according to the concomitant conventional synthetic disease-modifying antirheumatic drug (cDMARD) received: any background cDMARDs (including methotrexate), background methotrexate only., METHODS: Patients were randomised to receive placebo, ixekizumab 80 mg every 4 weeks (IXEQ4W) or every 2 weeks (IXEQ2W). Efficacy and safety were assessed when patients were subdivided according to cDMARD use at baseline. Efficacy was evaluated versus placebo at week 24 by the American College of Rheumatology criteria (ACR20/50), achievement of minimal disease activity (MDA) state, DiseaseActivityIndex for PsA (DAPSA), 28-joint DiseaseActivityScore using C reactive protein (DAS28-CRP), HealthAssessmentQuestionnaire-Disability Index and the 36-item Short-Form health survey physical functioning domain., RESULTS: Regardless of background cDMARD status, ACR20, ACR50 and MDA response rates were significantly higher than placebo with IXEQ4W or IXEQ2W treatment. Similarly, significant improvements were observed relative to placebo for DAS28-CRP and DAPSA across subgroups. Physical function also significantly improved relative to placebo with IXEQ4W treatment regardless of background cDMARD status and with IXEQ2W alone. Percentages of reported treatment emergent adverse events (AEs), serious AEs (including serious infections) and discontinuations due to AEs in each subgroup were comparable to the overall SPIRIT-P2 population., CONCLUSION: Ixekizumab was efficacious in patients with active PsA and previous tumour necrosis factor inhibitor (TNFi)inadequate response or TNFi intolerance treated with ixekizumab alone or when added to cDMARDswith subgroup safety profiles that were consistent with that observed in the overall SPIRIT-P2 population.
Correction: Secukinumab in the treatment of psoriatic arthritis: efficacy and safety results through 3 years from the year 1 extension of the randomised phase III FUTURE 1 trial.$$$ [This corrects the article DOI: 10.1136/rmdopen-2018-000723.].
Focus on biosimilar etanercept - bioequivalence and interchangeability.$$$ BACKGROUND: The recent approval of reference etanercept (re-ETN) biosimilars SB4, GP2015, and HD203 produced relevant changes in the management of rheumatoid arthritis (RA), psoriatic arthritis, and ankylosing spondylitis due to the considerably lower cost of these products and the consequent savings., AIMS: To review the pharmacodynamics, pharmacokinetics, efficacy, and safety of ETN biosimilars when employed as first-line therapy or after transition from re-ETN. Patients' acceptability was also addressed., EVIDENCE REVIEW: The available literature was reviewed through a search of PubMed database, and abstract books of the American College for Rheumatology and European League Against Rheumatism annual meetings. SB4, GP2015, and HD203 were licensed by the US, European and South Korea regulatory agencies after the bioequivalence to re-ETN was demonstrated through pharmacodynamic and pharmacokinetic studies, and randomized, head to head, controlled trials. Based on the evidence of efficacy and safety of SB4 and HD203 in RA, and of GP2015 in psoriasis, by the extrapolation principle, the three biosimilars were approved for all indications licensed for re-ETN, and the regulatory agencies introduced the interchangeability from the originator to the biosimilar. Extrapolation of indications, and particularly interchangeability raised relevant concerns among the rheumatologists due to the low level of evidence supporting the switching strategy (or transition). Rheumatologists' concerns are oriented toward the relevant number of biosimilar discontinuations after the transition ranging from 7%-17% over a short-term follow-up period. As resulted from two studies, at least 20%-30% of the patients claimed more exhaustive information on the switching procedure., CONCLUSION: Based on the available evidence, re-ETN biosimilars may be a good option as first-line therapy, while further data are needed to definitively establish the efficacy, safety, and the economic reflexes of transitioning from re-ETN.
The role of golimumab in inflammatory arthritis. A review of the evidence.$$$ BACKGROUND: Golimumab (GOL) is a tumor necrosis factor inhibitor that is used for various types of inflammatory arthritis such as rheumatoid arthritis (RA), psoriatic arthritis (PsA), and ankylosing spondylitis (AS). This article is a systematic review of the evidence for the efficacy and safety of golimumab in inflammatory arthritides, specifically RA, PsA and AS., METHODS: We conducted a search of randomized controlled trails in MEDLINE [PubMed], CENTRAL, Embase, and Current Controlled Trials databases (ClinicalTrials.gov) through 2017 for studies that evaluated golimumab in inflammatory arthritides. We focused on pivotal, phase III trials for this review of the safety and efficacy of the drug. However, as some important information is not available in detail in publications from the phase III studies, additional individual studies pertaining to antidrug antibodies were also included., RESULTS: A total of 12, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled studies were included in this review of literature. Two trials focused on the GOL response in the PsA population, four trials focused on the GOL response in the AS population, and five trials focused on the GOL response in the RA population. Additional studies that evaluated autodrug antibodies produced in patients using GOL were also included., CONCLUSION: Golimumab was found to be clinically effective and also have a good safety profile in the treatment of RA, PsA, and AS based on data available from large studies.
Abatacept for the treatment of adults with psoriatic arthritis: patient selection and perspectives.$$$ Psoriatic arthritis (PsA) is a heterogeneous disease with several clinical subtypes including peripheral arthritis, dactylitis, enthesitis, nail disease, and axial arthritis. Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, glucocorticoids, and conventional disease-modifying agents are used as first line in the treatment of active PsA. For moderate-to-severe PsA failing conventional therapy, antitumor necrosis factor inhibitors have historically been the drugs of choice. In recent years, novel interleukin-23/interleukin-17 pathway targets such as ustekinumab and secukinumab, and phosphodiesterase-4 inhibitor apremilast have been approved for use in the United States and Europe. Two sets of recommendations for the management of PsA were published in 2016 with consideration for these newer therapies. Since then, the results from a Phase III randomized controlled trial demonstrated that abatacept has efficacy in the treatment of PsA. Abatacept, a cytotoxic-T-lymphocyte-associated antigen 4 (CTLA-4)-Ig human fusion protein, acts to prevent naive T-cell activation through the inhibition of the critical CD28 co-stimulatory signal. In the 2017 Active Psoriatic Arthritis Randomized Trial (ASTRAEA), 424 participants were randomized 1:1 to receive subcutaneous abatacept 125 mg weekly versus placebo. At week 24, 39.4% of those who received abatacept achieved a minimum of 20% improvement in the American College of Rheumatology (ACR) response compared to 22.3% in the placebo arm, a statistically significant finding (P<0.001). The 2011 Phase II study published by Mease et al demonstrated statistically significant improvements in the ACR20 response by week 169 in participants treated with intravenous abatacept 10 mg/kg (48%) and 30/10 mg/kg (42%) when compared with placebo (19%). This article reviews the data supporting the efficacy of abatacept in the management of PsA and attempts to place this agent in the context of other biologic disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs and targeted small molecules used in the treatment of patients with PsA.
Therapeutic benefit of apremilast on enthesitis and dactylitis in patients with psoriatic arthritis: a pooled analysis of the PALACE 1-3 studies.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The Psoriatic Arthritis Long-term Assessment of Clinical Efficacy (PALACE) clinical trial programme findings demonstrated that apremilast, an oral phosphodiesterase 4 inhibitor, is effective for treating psoriatic arthritis (PsA). Enthesitis and dactylitis are difficult-to-treat features of PsA leading to disability and affecting quality of life. PALACE 1, 2 and 3 data were pooled to assess the efficacy of apremilast on enthesitis and dactylitis outcomes in patients with these conditions at baseline., METHODS: Patients with enthesitis (n=945) or dactylitis (n=633) at baseline were analysed after receiving double-blind treatment with placebo, apremilast 30 mg two times per day or apremilast 20 mg two times per day up to 52 weeks and continuing up to 5 years. Data were analysed through 156 weeks. Enthesitis was evaluated by Maastricht Ankylosing Spondylitis Enthesitis Score (MASES) and dactylitis via dactylitis count., RESULTS: At week 24, patients receiving apremilast 30 mg two times per day demonstrated a significantly greater mean change in enthesitis (-1.3 vs -0.9; p<0.05) and dactylitis (-1.8 vs -1.3; p<0.01) vs placebo. Patients in the 30 mg dose group showed significantly greater mean (-23.6% vs -7.0%; p<0.05) and median (-50.0% vs -21.1%; p<0.05) per cent changes in MASES; mean and median per cent changes in dactylitis count were numerically, but not significantly, different for either apremilast dose in patients with dactylitis. In the patient population remaining on apremilast, observed mean and median improvements in both conditions were sustained through 156 weeks., CONCLUSION: Apremilast is effective for the treatment of active PsA, including improvements in enthesitis and dactylitis up to 3 years., TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBERS: NCT01172938, NCT01212757 and NCT01212770.
Efficacy and Safety of Tripterygium Wilfordii Hook F on Psoriasis Vulgaris: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.$$$ BACKGROUND: Psoriasis is a chronic autoimmune-mediated skin disease that is characterized by persistent localized erythematous scaly plaque. Tripterygium wilfordii Hook F (TwHF), a well-known Chinese medicine that has been used for centuries in China to treat immune diseases, inflammation, and tumor, is accompanied by a degree of toxic effects. Its clinical efficacy and safety on psoriasis are incompletely understood., AIM: To summarize evidence concerning the efficacy and safety of TwHF in treating psoriasis. Methods. EMBASE, Ovid MEDLINE, PubMed, Web of Science, Springer, Cochrane Library, CNKI, CBM, Wanfang, and VIP database were searched up to October 2017. The included literature was assessed and extracted by two independent reviewers. To enhance the available evidence, a systematic review was performed to examine all relevant published literature relating to randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of TwHF. Relative ratios (RRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated, and a meta-analysis was conducted with RevMan 5.3 software., RESULTS: Twenty eligible RCTs with 1872 participants were included for systematic review and meta-analysis. Studies were assessed using the Cochrane risk of bias tool. The meta-analysis of add-on effect of TwHF conferred benefit for psoriasis: combination treatment with compound glycyrrhizin (four studies, OR = 0.34, 95% CI 0.22-0.52, P < 0.00001, I2 = 0%), combination treatment with acitretin (three studies, OR = 0.25, 95% CI 0.10-0.63, P = 0.003, I2 = 50%), and combination treatment with compound amino-polypeptide tablet (three studies, OR = 0.37, 95% CI 0.22-0.63, P = 0.0002, I2 = 0%)., CONCLUSIONS: Despite several mild side effects of TwHF, there is evidence that TwHF is an effective therapy for psoriasis. However, the conclusions are limited by the small number of included trials. More well-designed RCTs with extensive follow-up periods are warranted to clarify the effects and safety of TwHF in treating psoriasis., TRIAL REGISTRATION: This review was registered in the International Prospective Register of Systematic Reviews (CRD42016041363).
Early Onset of Clinical Improvement with Ixekizumab in a Randomized, Open-label Study of Patients with Moderate-to-severe Plaque Psoriasis.$$$ Objective: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the speed of onset of clinical response to ixekizumab (IXE) and assess the progression of visible improvement in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. Design: This was an interventional, randomized, open-label, Phase IIIb clinical trial. Setting: This was a single center study at the Mount Sinai School of Medicine. Participants: Twelve patients were randomized at a ratio of 1:1 to receive 80mg of ixekizumab every two (IXE Q2W) or four (IXE Q4W) weeks following a starting dose of 160mg of ixekizumab. After Week 12, all patients received 80mg IXE Q4W through Week 44. Measurements: Clinical response was measured using the Patient's Global Assessment (PatGA), the Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI), the static Physician's Global Assessment (sPGA), and the Itch Numeric Rating Scale (Itch NRS). Sequential patient photographs were taken at regular intervals during the study to evaluate visible improvement in plaque psoriasis. Results: The median time to an improvement of at least 1 point or 2 points from baseline in PatGA score was 5.0 and 10.0 days for patients randomized to IXE Q2W and 6.0 and 13.5 days for patients randomized to IXE Q4W. All patients achieved at least a 50- or 75-percent improvement in PASI from baseline by Weeks 2 and 4, respectively. At least half of the patients achieved at least a 4-point improvement from baseline in Itch NRS by Day 14. Improvement in disease was visibly evident within one week of treatment in patient photographs. Conclusion:  Ixekizumab results in a rapid and visible improvement in plaque psoriasis in as early as one week of treatment.
Apremilast monotherapy in DMARD-naive psoriatic arthritis patients: results of the randomized, placebo-controlled PALACE 4 trial.$$$ OBJECTIVES: The PALACE 4 trial evaluated apremilast monotherapy in patients with active PsA who were DMARD-naive., METHODS: Eligible patients were randomized (1:1:1) to placebo, apremilast 20 mg twice a day or apremilast 30 mg twice a day. At week 16 or 24, placebo patients were rerandomized to apremilast. Double-blind apremilast treatment continued to week 52, with extension up to 4 years. The primary endpoint was the proportion of patients achieving 20% improvement in ACR response criteria (ACR20) at week 16; secondary endpoints included the mean change in the HAQ Disability Index (HAQ-DI) score at week 16., RESULTS: A total of 527 patients with mean disease duration of 3.4 years and high disease activity were randomized and received treatment. More apremilast patients achieved ACR20 response at week 16 [placebo, 15.9%; 20 mg, 28.0% (P = 0.0062); 30 mg, 30.7% (P = 0.0010)]. The mean HAQ-DI improvements were -0.17 (20 mg; P = 0.0008) and -0.21 (30 mg; P < 0.0001) vs 0.03 (placebo). Both apremilast doses showed significant ACR50 responses vs placebo at week 16 and improvements in secondary efficacy measures (swollen/tender joint counts) and psoriasis assessments, with sustained improvements through week 52. Common adverse events (AEs) over 52 weeks were diarrhoea, nausea, headache and upper respiratory tract infection; most events were mild or moderate. Serious AEs and AEs leading to discontinuation were comparable between groups. Laboratory abnormalities were infrequent and transient., CONCLUSIONS: In DMARD-naive patients, apremilast monotherapy improved PsA signs/symptoms over 52 weeks and was generally well tolerated., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov (http://clinicaltrials.gov), NCT01307423. Copyright © The Author(s) 2018. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the British Society for Rheumatology.
Secukinumab Versus Adalimumab for Psoriatic Arthritis: Comparative Effectiveness up to 48 Weeks Using a Matching-Adjusted Indirect Comparison.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Secukinumab and adalimumab are approved for adults with active psoriatic arthritis (PsA). In the absence of direct randomized controlled trial (RCT) data, matching-adjusted indirect comparison can estimate the comparative effectiveness in anti-tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-naive populations., METHODS: Individual patient data from the FUTURE 2 RCT (secukinumab vs. placebo; N = 299) were adjusted to match baseline characteristics of the ADEPT RCT (adalimumab vs. placebo; N = 313). Logistic regression determined adjustment weights for age, body weight, sex, race, methotrexate use, psoriasis affecting >= 3% of body surface area, Psoriasis Area and Severity Index score, Health Assessment Questionnaire Disability Index score, presence of dactylitis and enthesitis, and previous anti-TNF therapy. Recalculated secukinumab outcomes were compared with adalimumab outcomes at weeks 12 (placebo-adjusted), 16, 24, and 48 (nonplacebo-adjusted)., RESULTS: After matching, the effective sample size for FUTURE 2 was 101. Week 12 American College of Rheumatology (ACR) response rates were not significantly different between secukinumab and adalimumab. Week 16 ACR 20 and 50 response rates were higher for secukinumab 150 mg than for adalimumab (P = 0.017, P = 0.033), as was ACR 50 for secukinumab 300 mg (P = 0.030). Week 24 ACR 20 and 50 were higher for secukinumab 150 mg than for adalimumab (P = 0.001, P = 0.019), as was ACR 20 for secukinumab 300 mg (P = 0.048). Week 48 ACR 20 was higher for secukinumab 150 and 300 mg than for adalimumab (P = 0.002, P = 0.027), as was ACR 50 for secukinumab 300 mg (P = 0.032)., CONCLUSIONS: In our analysis, patients with PsA receiving secukinumab were more likely to achieve higher ACR responses through 1 year (weeks 16-48) than those treated with adalimumab. Although informative, these observations rely on a subgroup of patients from FUTURE 2 and thus should be considered interim until the ongoing head-to-head RCT EXCEED can validate these findings., FUNDING: Novartis Pharma AG.
Correction to: Efficacy and Safety of Switching to Ixekizumab in Etanercept Non-Responders: A Subanalysis from Two Phase III Randomized Clinical Trials in Moderate-to-Severe Plaque Psoriasis (UNCOVER-2 and -3).$$$ The article Efficacy and Safety of Switching to Ixekizumab in Etanercept Non-Responders: A Subanalysis from Two Phase III Randomized Clinical Trials in Moderate-to-Severe Plaque Psoriasis (UNCOVER-2 and -3) written by Andrew Blauvelt.
Correction: 4-year results from the RAPID-PsA phase 3 randomised placebo-controlled trial of certolizumab pegol in psoriatic arthritis.$$$ [This corrects the article DOI: 10.1136/rmdopen-2017-000582.][This corrects the article DOI: 10.1136/rmdopen-2017-000582.].
4-year results from the RAPID-PsA phase 3 randomised placebo-controlled trial of certolizumab pegol in psoriatic arthritis.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To report the efficacy, patient-reported, radiographic and safety outcomes of 4 years' certolizumab pegol (CZP) treatment in patients with psoriatic arthritis (PsA)., METHODS: RAPID-PsA (NCT01087788) was double-blind and placebo-controlled to Week 24, dose-blind to Week 48 and open-label (OL) to Week 216. Patients were randomised 1:1:1 to either placebo or CZP 200 mg every 2 weeks (Q2W) or 400 mg every 4 weeks (Q4W) (following 400 mg at Weeks 0/2/4). Patients randomised to CZP continued their assigned dose in the OL period. Patients randomised to placebo were re-randomised to CZP 200 mg Q2W or 400 mg Q4W (post-loading dose) at Week 16 (early escape) or after the double-blind phase. We present observed and imputed data; missing values were imputed using non-responder imputation (NRI) for categorical and last observation carried forward (LOCF) for continuous measures., RESULTS: 409 patients were randomised; 20% (54/273) of Week 0 patients randomised to CZP had prior anti-tumour necrosis factor (TNF) exposure; 67% (183/273) completed 216 weeks. By Week 48, 60.4% of patients achieved Disease Activity Index for Psoriatic Arthritis low disease activity or remission, which was maintained; 66.3% achieved these outcomes at Week 216 (NRI). At Weeks 48 and 216, 39.2% of patients achieved minimal disease activity (NRI). 75% reduction in Psoriasis Area and Severity Index responses were 65% and 52% at Weeks 48 and 216 (NRI). Total resolution rates for enthesitis, dactylitis and nail psoriasis, at 4 years, were 71%, 81% and 65%, respectively (LOCF). Structural damage progression was low over 4 years' treatment. No new safety signals were identified after Week 96., CONCLUSIONS: CZP efficacy in treating PsA was maintained over 4 years, in patients both with and without prior anti-TNF exposure, with no new safety signals identified.
